Hack & a SPACE QUEST 1 (Part 6)
December 8, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NSLeyvPoU68

oh yeah yeah all right sound is back on
sweet I'm keeping I'm keeping the
classical music on though just to have
something in the background okay alright
here's the thing though I kind of like
opera sometimes but not appropriate for
what we're doing now cuz we'll be
talking okay
it gets distracting and I understand
that okay
okay I want to go to the ship go to ship
that's that's not the way to get there
well then dock with ship I don't
understand doc I gotta use my noodle
yeah
brain I don't like using my brain brain
rich
how do I get to the ship look around
there does not appear to be here to view
what no I just look around look look at
look at cockpit search cockpit look look
at panel they're always called panels
yep no that does not seem to be okay
search ship damn it exit ship oh my god
can I do that
exit ship oh my god I got out of the
ship right no oh god no no you know what
I didn't do I didn't put my jet pack on
darn jack upon exiting the ship you find
that you have no means of maneuvering
and are subject to the whims of inertia
and gravity you quickly learn the true
meaning of helplessness as death death
has its way with you
thank you for playing space quest well
good thing we see your deaths are the
best okay put on a jetpack you are now
wearing the jetpack a small control
linkage snaps onto the back of your
helmet allowing you to control it merely
by focusing on where you want to go exit
ship before leaving the safety of your
ship you instruct the little droid to
set a course for xenon where you will
rendezvous later providing of course
that you are successful in carrying out
your mission once again you are on your
own
and off we go rich oh oh my god what I'm
at I'm at a door okay that's exciting
door
you can't see it from here what do you
mean I'm right here look at door it
appears to be a standard airlock there's
a handle in the center opened door you
grasp the large handle and twist nothing
the rather significant amount of pain
being registered one-nothing the rather
significant amount of pain being
registered I'll I haven't seen it yet so
noting noting not nothing sorry oh yeah
yeah you grasp with a large handle and
twist noting the rather significant
amount of pain being registered you are
extremely grateful to hear a click great
was the last time you say I before I
left the ship so I will save as soon
I'll continue uh as you enter the Syrian
ship the airlock door seals itself
behind you you try to open it again
without any success
it appears you are stuck here should I
save or do I need to go back out and do
something I'm not telling you that don't
tell me anything okay I'm gonna say I am
gonna say because you can always go back
yeah we're at 37 now rich by the way for
anyone keeping track your your you're
doing fine
oh great look around you are in an
airlock great leap gurgle pop apologizes
the strange robot as he pushes you aside
oh it's that robot can I go that way no
okay
Hey
what Oh here okay here comes okay there
we go I think you got to follow that
robot okay
oh wait what's this it's like a little
box here look around you are standing in
a large empty room within the seryan
ship on one wall is a vent there is some
sort of trunk on the floor open that
trunk
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo - Doo
look in that trunk it is empty oh by the
way I used to pure instance here rich ok
ok I got into the trunk oh my god that's
amazing
you climb into the trunk the lid pounds
shut above you you hear voices muffled
then louder you suddenly feel the trunk
lift off the deck and a sensation of
movement after a few minutes the trunk
thuds to the floor causing you to see
stars in the darkness the voices are
sound further away than gone oh my god I
did it get Jack you you are now solving
puzzles on instance yes pure instance
get out of Runk as you exit the trunk
you notice that you have lost your jet
pack what now that's some BS I should
look around oh you know I should save
save 38 I don't understand
because Jack is a terrible typist look
around you are in the ship's laundry
facilities mmm what's this open machine
do I need to get in machine or is that
gonna kill me machine look in machine no
come on search okay here we go no no
I kept typoing machine so someone might
be coming you don't have time to stand
around ok well then get in machine oh
yes I did it oh no oh well Jax it
certainly appears as though you're about
to become all washed up yep
Oh No all right I'm dead oh I'm
absolutely dead he washed me to death oh
wait or maybe not yet out you have no
need to do that why not
am i dead wait wait I have to see cuz
I'm I'm behind no well that's right he
put me in the washing machine
get out of my exit and or open door
somehow you managed to survive the rinse
cycle as you emerge from the cleaning
unit you notice that you are dressed in
a serían battle uniform what a stroke
of genius
now you can wander throughout the ship
without calling attention to yourself
all fuckin right nice nice you know what
I want to do I wanna turn the speed back
to normal it's been on fast this whole
time ok are there anything in his space
pockets oh my god
I'm asking this not remembering so I'm
just curious
this is that's my adventure game
thinking in the pockets of this uniform
is an alien identification card the name
on the card is but stun Freema ok Freema
but stun ok but stun frame you wonder if
this is a common Syrian name look around
cut sworn it
I need to get one of those typing games
to teach me how to type you are aboard
the serían spaceship there are two
elevators here incidentally Jack you're
doing so well that the Chad is now
saying that you have been upgraded to an
eight brain oh I get it to be an ape
yeah yeah you now have eight brain okay
oh I got an an elevator Ridge okay and
now I'm walking around this is exciting
that I get to be an ape let's see what's
over here oh my god I'm in some sort of
power generator you are inside an
enormous chamber before you stands the
stolen star generator
oh my glory let's talk to this guy dude
right here talk to man leave me alone
I'm guarding two star generator okay
look at a generator before you stands
the star generator you find it hard to
believe that this contraption could save
or destroy an entire galaxy okay so
that's the star generator
there's a guy guarding him he's not
going anywhere I obviously just can't go
up to the star generator with a that guy
there there's also a catwalk what areas
to be above you yeah I think I need to
go into that aisle there oh there's a
guy the last time I saved after I got my
outfit yep okay let's see what this guy
has to say if I go to him talk to man
the guard wrinkles his nose and disgust
leave me alone you he exclaims you smell
like the ventricular portion of a hyper
Klopas obviously this guard has no taste
at all oh damn yeah go get out of here
guard I told you well apparently ever
although Assyrians are dick
heads well they are the villainess I
guess you know what rich
Touche oh speaking of that ready are you
ready for some very exciting I don't
chitchat rich yeah yep give me hit me
with that idle chitchat man
the other day as I often do I was
thinking about Star Wars
okay before the movie starts
do we like before like Darth Vader blows
up the planet right yep why are they bad
guys because because they have the large
ship it will mean looking uniforms yeah
but like what do they do that makes them
the bad guys in the movie this is this
is what I was thinking cause like we're
told they're the bad guys in the opening
crawl right like the evil empire yeah
but what makes them so evil besides like
they're the ruling class I guess writer
because Star Wars is a black and white
till about good and evil and and the
politics in that first movie aren't
really mentioned or important oh yeah
the fact the fact that they present them
as being the the aggressors the powerful
ones the with the mean-looking uniforms
and they're they're shooting at these
guys it's their faces the rebels and
they die they look human not like the
the robotic looking stormtroopers it's
the politics are unimportant oh sure no
and and by the way I absolutely agree
with that and they do a really good job
of showing than being the bad guys like
they're roughing up people they're
blowing up planets obviously right yeah
whoo my rank allows me to have a one
pulse iary unit remember no firing in
the ship have a nice day Prescott I have
a gun press f6 to fire pulse rate rate
what else is on that right ask
let's look like two salt shakers right
let's go see what that is like a desk I
don't understand desk look around
counter look at counter rows of weapons
on the wall tell you that you are in del
Torres armory the del Torres armory
there it wait
oh the deltar is the name of the ship
right yeah caesareans are the aliens the
del Torres the ship yes there's a
service droid behind the weapons the
issues counter look counter there are
two gas grenades sitting on the right
side of the counter well he'll take
granades I'm sorry you may not possess
that device that would be punishable by
death
that was not me leading you I generally
did not remember gas per day it's just
those stood out we cannot we cannot have
the gas grenades oh won't you take them
it won't let me take them or it is
punishable by death if I take them but I
wonder if I leave and I come back if
that robot that goes are you are you
saved I should save ya can you shoot the
robot okay well you know what got me
thinking about Star Wars yeah yeah is is
you talking about a certain Star Wars
game and you know like just thinking
that they're trying to be the good guys
like the Empire right they're trying to
bring peace to the galaxy through you
know killing everyone else but they're
trying to bring their peace yeah alright
let's see what happens if we press f6
okay
the dried explains that although he is
not programmed for death he considers it
extremely rude to fire your weapon
indoors he's conscious you against
shooting so again and now I'm going to
awkwardly leave also good just to make
sure that I can fire the pulse right
with the real oh no no what to do is
there's a droid here there's a droid
here okay but that's okay I mean like I
don't I don't want it to touch me yeah
oh I got away from it great
what
Oh rich I tripped in my helmet fell off
oh no my aren't you the clumsy one
because of your inability to walk
without falling on your face your helmet
is now right in the elevator without you
you've blown your cover the Syrians are
sure to shoot first and ask questions
later
oh no okay where's this no okay that's
fine
can I go get my helmet no that seems
like a thing I know I know listen I know
but it's like it just went in the
elevator and now I went in the elevator
so I should be able to just get it I
have my finger over the fire button you
should see the first thing you do when
you went to any room that was to shoot
yeah if I see it an alien I'm shooting
so should I shoot the a I'm gonna go and
shoot the alien by the star generator
that dickhead was a dickhead we go shoot
him right now shoot him right in the
face
come here you alien dick Oh nope okay
I'm toast
well shit thank you for playing Space
Quest apparently he shoots much quicker
than I do
okay okay so I shouldn't go there oh oh
and now I gotta I'm gonna lose I forgot
to save after losing my helmet that's
okay I just have to walk and lose my
helmet again not a big deal
doo doo doo doo doo oh wait can I fire
my pulse right now I can't it just
doesn't do anything thing if I could
like fire up here at him down there I
fired it at the robot droid if the robot
Droid could laugh which it is not
programmed to do it would do so your
pulse rate is only effective against
living opponents well fine um I'm not
gonna I think I think I got this figured
object yeah yeah I can't I can't tell
you okay now don't tell me I'm good I
have a pulse ray I have grenade over
okay I lost my helmet again
can you shoot that robot no I tried
shooting that robot in it and it left it
said it wasn't programmed to laugh at me
but it wants to alright alright alright
I lost my helmet now I'm gonna save
we're at 40 oh okay great we're at 40
are we here we are okay here we go okay
come on man come on man okay so I don't
want to go into the star generator room
because I'll just get shot just
immediately yeah so I'll go back down
the other elevator and there was a
second elevator so I could go in the
right
Oh oh my god he's out here now what what
are you doing out here jerk
there's more than one alien rich did you
died I died this game this game just got
intense I know I know this is the
exciting conclusion oh is it okay
alright I'm ready
so I should just walk as soon as I go
into the next screen I should just fires
what you're saying and you're you're
yeah you're you're in the exciting
action-packed conclusion yeah all right
oh hi Preston
geez Jack go take some marksmanship
courses and come back and give it
another try in a couple months okay
thank you for playing space quest
all right all right all right
trying again doo doo doo doo doo we
can't check on him like if I go back in
the other screen while you will I can't
even see what other screen you're
talking about now because I'm watching a
little ice so I'm sure you're right I
just I like I went back I'm on the
second floor and I went back to check
and he wasn't there in the first part
he'll probably be there I have an idea
of what you need to do I just don't know
exactly how to do it okay well don't
don't tell me just yet wait til I die a
couple more times and everyone on the
chat gets real frustrated oh they're
already frustrated are they that many
times
nope
you've just been disintegrated by the
Sirians pulse ray perhaps this will
teach you not to loiter about on the
delt or what thank you for playing space
quest well gosh darn it sore knit what's
your idea rich you want to know yeah
what's your idea
Casper nets you think I need those gas
grenades catwalk that is over the guy
yeah drop the gas below
hmm okay that's what I think
I'm going back I'm going back for ya
screams I'm just not sure how you get
the gas grenades from the robot well
perhaps now that my helmet is off he'll
be freaked out nobody freaked out and
call security or something okay I'll
have to have a laser battle okay this is
my phone I'll give it a try
obviously those gas grenades were there
for a reason I also have a plant so I
could eat a plant oh and the rope no but
the robot kills me thank you for playing
space quest let's let's load then the
grub kills you instantly yeah load
before you lost a helmet okay let's try
and get those grenades somehow agreed by
the way agreed going back to save 39
instead of 40 let's take a look at these
gas cranes okay look at counter there
are two gas grenades sitting on the
right side of the counter take
knate knate I'm sorry you may not
possess that device that would be
punishable by death
take grenades anywhere
welcome to the weapons dispensary I will
assist you please supply with oh here
here we go I think I know what to do
I give card okay now the robot goes and
I'll go and I'll take the crazy yeah
yeah yeah big taken boom sweet sorry my
record
that a weapon has already been assigned
to your name well then I guess I'm out
of here
good I was worried you have to reload
before you got the gun in the first
place yeah so good I only got one
grenade she's going to try to get the
other one I don't know just want to fry
yeah
give card the Droid looks over and
responds sorry only one weapon per
person okay I got a grenade so alright
alright okay here we go here we go rich
alright I'm gonna get over the guy here
I'm right over him drop grenade and wait
wait save garnet folks he's learning so
I'm gonna override save 40 is this
technically 41 yes okay so this is
technically 41 all right now drop
grenade Shh oh yes he's gassed the
grenade drops to the floor releasing its
poisonous gas on the unsuspecting alien
good shot jack that's right
all right let's go now you're cooking
with fire now and now this is an
exciting action-packed conclusion do
doop do to do we need some rock and roll
too bad most rock and rollers
copyright-protected
oh oh that's right night-night ripping
phone 1s
okay we don't need that much rock and
roll probably be actually mission
impossible da da da da da da da da da da
da da doot doot doot da da da da da da
da da
you're messing up my opera okay I'm
hovering over that f6 heap okay I'm
ready I'm ready to fire the pulse right
but it's like a how am I gonna just like
lift up the star generator or do I need
to destroy it or something that doesn't
matter whatever you remember what
happened way back one you took a note I
did oh I did take a note it's sitting
here on my desk I tweeted it by the way
it tweeted my note Oh
smart smart thinking I remember what
that you remember what that did that's
right that's the self-destruct yep yep
search body you seem to have found a
remote-control device of some sort oh
nice it has only one button labeled
on/off um press off um look and remote
this is a small remote control unit on
it is a button you wonder what
it controls remotely probably this like
green laser thing right
probably press o button
suddenly the force field protecting the
star generator disappears that's right I
know what's going on okay
I get up there look at enter a tour but
not I spell generator hold on um look at
panel ah here we go enter a code safe
before you do anything you're probably
right
cuz I don't know if you remember it said
once you set that self-destruct you got
you've got six minutes to find an escape
pod oh my god
all right here it is save number 43 the
game is saved I so now code is six I
don't I press the button o press f6 is
okay quaint isn't it six eight five
eight enter detonation cycle has begun
Begum it was probably net but it looked
like the star generator has come alive
the heat that this thing is starting to
generate tells you that it's time to
blow this taco stand all right getting
out of here dude move your ass jack well
you know I can only move so fast rich oh
oh granted I'm a web uh terian you've
just been disintegrated by the Sirians
pulse wave perhaps this will teach you
not to loiter about on the del tour oh
well now crap I have to press the button
again and everything say you can make a
new save right after the bottom yeah
just remember that's the countdown safe
right okay so here we are um six eight
five eight enter get out stupid sound
sorry everybody for that
that's an awful sound sometimes you just
don't know when the sound is gonna be
terrible I'd save this is 44 this is
right after I didn't put the code I'm
getting out of here hovering over epics
I have my gun at the ready
Oh nope I'm toast
you're toast I'm toast he's right there
as soon as I leave as soon as I leave
the door he's right there so a pyramid
spam f6 as you're walking through yeah I
guess hi hi here we go I can I pick up
this body and use him as a human shield
that would be great
it sounds absurd yeah yeah it does I
think you just did to be quicker on the
draw
the minute you start entering the room I
had just just keep hitting up six oh
that's that's my thinking on this I did
it I think okay great I think I did it
oh oh crap
jeez Jaco takes a marksmanship courses
that guy popped out okay I died okay all
right doing it again
we're you know what we're gonna we're
gonna really up these save numbers right
about now by the way that's fine that's
fine that sounds that sounds exciting
yeah all right here we go
here we go so first thing we need to do
is spam out the door here nope
oh now there's a droid out there okay
okay just
I'm just hoping there weren't things we
needed to do before all of this
generator yeah that would be I mean who
knows yeah but dad that would be bad
45 all right oh why would they map it to
f6 because this is one of the earliest
computer games and they didn't know what
the fuck they were doing there pretty
much and they didn't even have the
abilities to like have you remap the
keys all they were thinking was like
remember most of the action takes place
on the keyboard so you can't use any
number keys or letter keys because I'm
tight yeah with those you know so they
had to give it a that you wouldn't be
typing with normal normally okay here we
go
well he walk away I do I just need to be
faster nope okay
I mean a bit of a pickle here rich
what's the pickle is I'm in the elevator
and the sarin can't see me but I can't
shoot fast enough it shoots the second
you come out the second I come out oh
and I'm not even getting an option to
shoot anymore where's my can you go left
instead of rights I think he'll see me
but I can give it try it
oh yeah just the second I come out I'm
toast I am in a real pickle here chance
saying there's no way to kill that alien
without getting out of the lift faster
you might have just picked a poor time
to save I can't always go back and save
yeah is he leaving if I wait here long
enough I can oh I can also just go back
up the elevator oh I can't nope ok
nevermind alright go back going back and
save no problem that's why you have
multiple save points ok I'm back out
here
so then where do I need to go I'm not
sure
I guess I could just try going left if
that gets me anywhere beep all right
here we go
just going left rich just killing left
just going left just going left just
going left I should save right here
46 ok finger on f6 oh I did it I blew up
a guy oh no there's nothing more left
there is nothing more to the left I have
to go down the elevator I have to go
down the elevator rich oh man I died
well that's fine
how do I do this how do I get out of
that elevator shoot quicker I guess oh
okay I did it great you got yeah I got
it
save save you're right you're right
you're right you're right you're right
save 47 I let's see where he came from
nice I just saw it well then what about
that one elevator I mean I could go of
that elevator but there's this whole
area over here too okay
I'm wandering through the Syrian
spaceship I noticed that all right where
am I going here what am i doing
you got you got like four minutes to
figure it out Jack I know I know when
I'm looking around I'm trying to find an
exit I'm wandering there we go let's see
if there's anything down here there's a
droid don't get hit by the droid don't
get hit by the droid don't get Hey
oh man I got hit by the droid okay
darn it kant's or nit restore it's 47
well let's see what happens if you go up
this elevator
oh this looks interesting what's this
thing I can't see it yet I don't know
there's something in here rich and it
looks like a ship
well good look at ship this ship is a
one-man transport vessel get in ship you
swiftly slip into the sleek ship try to
say that three times fast
you swiftly slip into the sleek ship you
swiftly slip into the sleek ship you
swiftly slip into the sleek ship ha ha
um close door that doesn't seem to be
the correct action in this case look
around you are in a shuttle launch bay
bore the serene ship start ship I don't
understand your request
look look panel look at panel you
frantically search the control console
for a launch button aha there it is
press button
I think you did it jack I think I did it
to thank you didn't
oh I got launched oh and and the series
is being destroyed yeah I definitely
miss something I have a score of 195 out
of 202 so it's like I think there's an
alternate way to get around on the step
sure you found the the kite in the trunk
method so nice the del tour has been
blown to tiny fragments by the force of
the star generators blast you have saved
the lives of millions in Europe you have
saved the lives of millions of your
people not to mention the lives of those
in other systems don't get a big head
check you didn't you did pretty good on
the last leg of that yeah like that yeah
I like that
congratulations jack you've rid the
universe of the evil Syrians and saved
your people from certain doom the star
generator technology is safe inside the
data cartridge now a new star generator
can be built and can carry out its
original task you're an all-around hero
you've made you've made it home safely
aboard these stolen Syrian craft where
you've encountered a cheering xenon
crowd they have gathered together for a
ceremony in your honor
the ceremony is already in progress Oh
God yeah Barry Star Wars
your droid is there I might ride is
there as a token of appreciation you are
presented with a golden mop Thank You
Jake for cleaning up our galaxy says the
xenon leader once a janitor always a
janitor thank you for playing space
quest oh that was super fun it's super
fun
okay hold on Chad I'm turning your back
on I can talk to you again oh yeah so
what was the final save number who won
the pool we have 44 45 I forgot what you
read that alone turn the sound off oh no
that was great now J is clapping for ya
thanks that was my first true text
advent text adventure game you know
obviously frog fractions has a special
place but that was just a tiny section
of a game yeah so this was my first real
one what do you think um besides a few
like obvious flaws yes you know the the
gambling part and the the frustration we
had with like the glass being broken I
thought this was fantastic just the the
the sideways thinking event everything
like the figuring out how to what to
type in I really really enjoyed it and
of course you know good jokes good humor
good characters so the chat is
me which Sierra games I have played I
think I've played everyone that's not a
point-and-click great oh and octo Jay is
saying an octave Jay saying Jack now
that you're seeing the chat can you
check your physical keyboard for a FN
key and it does not an Apple keyboard
does not have a function key okay okay
oh no wait and here's a function key
yeah I wonder if that would work it does
have a function key hold on let's see if
it works oh my god it's a comedy routine
oh maybe maybe it would work the answer
is maybe it would work
hi there is an FN key there is an FN key
in between the regular keyboard and
number pad on my Apple keyboard so you
won its space quest I wanted to ask
what's important yes I'm sorry no Jay
I'm sorry I found my function key it
just wasn't it's not where it normally
is it's in between the keypad and the
number pad I'm sorry everybody I'm sorry
I hate can we just remember that I
wanted Space Quest
Victory's turned everybody shitting on
you so yes oh I've been demoted already
to crocodile brain how terrible enjoy
your golden mop Jack Jack galactic
warrior that's right watch for space
quest to listen I'm not gonna play don't
shit your pants I'm gonna I'm gonna just
enjoy the bit of space quest I got we
will play don't shit your pants I'm
making it official not tonight
the Wednesday will be Blood Dragon
when's
they will be our first stream with
riches computer so it's going to be a
literal clusterfuck of technical
problems it absolutely will be fine rich
your graphics card yep
how many monitors can we have out whew I
don't it was a bunch of different ports
I don't know if you can use them all at
once
well I've you know usually I use
whenever I stream I use two one monitor
to kind of keep track of I just from
experience I know I can do at least you
okay I'm almost sure it can do more I
haven't tried but sure like I've got it
on my TV and on my actual desk monitor
okay and yeah you know we can bring in I
can bring in my monitor if you want um
or and then you know we can do stream we
can do HDMI right to the TV we'll figure
that out but I just want to make sure oh
there's an HDMI TV I do HD straight to
the TV yeah will do if you don't want to
lug your monitor around well I figured
that would be one really nice monitor
hello oh well that's not a monitor rich
that's my whole computer oh that's right
yeah well fancy they have one of them
them imax miok so I figure we'll run the
main game to the TV HDMI yep but then we
need some sort of second monitor just to
have open broadcaster and we hook up any
goddamn monitor that's lying around to
that it should work okay no hey listen
if I don't have to bring in things I am
way down for that yeah well we and we
worked out wait we're gonna watch some
magic then we're about it we got Jay we
got you covered
we got me covered yeah part of the point
of buying the PC for me sorry Bob that
kind of shit how do you see apex casket
multiple monitors GE what could go wrong
everything is gonna go wrong right
hopefully we have it mostly sorted out
we're gonna you know I'm used to the
software now I know how to set it up
it's just setting it up on Ritchie's
computer and that's gonna be the fun of
it um I know it's your whole computer
but just in accuracy what size is your
monitor 27 okay I have a 27-inch Apple
iMac it's nice and I have a second it's
it really is it's a bad thing
it's a beautiful thing but I mean you
know when you're on it 14 hours a day
you get an idea you get a nice one yeah
so I have that and then I have kind of a
cheapo monitor that I align vertically
as you know rich but I'm just telling
the chat this so I have you know I have
my main monitor that my main monitor
that is landscape and then I have a
vertical monitor one that I've rigged up
to be vertical because when I'm editing
there are a ton of like bins and project
folders and all that stuff that kind of
scroll better vertically so I have a
vertical monitor which is really nice
but um yeah a 27-inch CRT Ryan they're
calling me a figurehead of the
Illuminati and out for some reason Oh
are well probably why I don't know
wrench I mean who cares I'm just I
wanted to know how big your monitor is
someday I would like to have one like it
it's a very nice monitor and yeah I
think you can yeah one day one day one
day what they they make just the Apple
the straight-up Apple monitors but
they're incredibly and I might say
ridiculously expensive but you can just
buy like the standard Apple monitor yeah
I want to say it's as much as a computer
though they're ridiculously expensive
well I'm sure other people just made
regular old monitors nice bag Zack
yeah Robert Bazaar jaw has a very
important question around when is the
next prereq episode going to be out um
I'm hoping I can have something nicely
edited by tomorrow I'm gonna I'm gonna
really push tomorrow morning to have an
edit done and then I will talk to Jay
about when is the appropriate time to
release it I don't know what there's
there's something else coming up so yeah
so there's other things coming up sooner
so I'm hoping to have it done in the
next couple of days and then we'll see
when it will be released it's gonna be a
long one rich and I will talk about a
lot of games but it's good know I do and
I do not have the retina 5k 27 inch iMac
my iMac is old this is an old computer
but uh well as Jay was I don't know if
he's still in the chat but somebody's
asking about nuki and for J sake I will
answer for Jay and said yes we
definitely need more new keys it's we're
really close guys just a couple more new
keys and we'll be good to go but thank
you for your concern soon we will rule
the world I mean soon we will have
enough new keys absolutely absolutely
is prereq going to have a boob cam yes
absolutely you will be able to see I'm
gonna say my left boob we will have a
dedicated camera just to my left boob
it'll be great jack-jack we all know
they want to see my boobs that's why I'm
gonna show them mine I'm not gonna play
any FTL
oh there's J and we need at least five
more movies thank you James
ooh we'll prereq have a dedicated dick
cam no no face cams we've already said
that you people I know they're funny
they're very funny sometimes okay uh
well I think I think that's gonna do it
I think I think we did it rich oh yeah
that was fantastic I think so and we got
through that last portion a lot quicker
and I thought we would actually yeah no
no I was thinking oh shit the stream is
gonna go on for a while I was really
worried to win once we couldn't once you
couldn't like get on the spaceship I'm
like you know oh yeah no look I was
really worried during the gambling
portion before like and by the way if we
wouldn't have gotten that cheat we would
have still been gambling yeah yeah
percent 100% it's hard for me to
complain about this game yeah because I
grew up at this game mm-hmm it's hard
for me to say that yeah yeah and you
know that's once again
padding is something that we can
complain about now but back in the day
they had to we can we can look at it
through nostalgia and colored glasses
and I think I think it was a lovely
experience and sitting here in my games
folder is Space Quest 2 & 3 how weird
how weird so I'm guessing that we will
revisit the series nice Oh John Kela
just came back and found out that we got
past the bar yeah janky Oh someone gave
us a gambling cheat so we got past the
bar there's not just Space Quest though
Jack there's there's the fucking police
quest games there's quest for glory
Leisure Suit Larry one maybe we should
play the police quest games
please quest one with me why don't you
work ahead yeah yeah
I don't remember liking three as much
but I'm a weirdo what does like point
and click okay well hey I'm down with
police quests and there's there's also
Leisure Suit Larry I think once they
have seen that I don't know if I've ever
waited but well if you've seen the one
that graphically it looks very similar
to this space quest oh I don't know if
I've seen it I seen that oh cool yeah
I'm talking about the original it's it's
same style of game like plate you played
the same way a Space Quest but your goal
is just to lose your virginity that's
your goal and Leisure Suit Larry if
someone is asking a very important
question on whether or not jack is
emulating and technically I don't
believe I am I we we got these games I
bought these games off of GOG calm
technically it is I'm sure you're not
emulating the game so much as you're
emulating the operating system right I'm
emulating the dosbox yes
but we did purchase these games
legitimately through gog.com we got them
on sale during the stream yesterday we
mentioned like Space Quest 1 2 & 3 we
got for five bucks on GOG this is great
so so no the games are purchased
legitimately technically emulation but
you know but legitimately so it's okay
chance mentioning the quest for glory
games some some of my favorites but they
can be a little a little bit grindy
first ring okay okay
we should play we should play Leisure
Suit Larry and then we should play you
know one of the very first do you
remember one like flash games were like
the big thing what were these game there
were these games there were these games
that were called like like Jake's quest
or something like that and there were
flash games and you played as this guy
Jake and you were trying to get laid
completely unfamiliar with that somewhat
someone in the chat is gonna have to
help me out here I remember playing a
ton of these because my cousin's name is
Jake and he founded these games that
were just like like Jake trying to get
laid and of course we were teenagers so
we thought they were hilarious
um Oh what were they called come on come
on chat help me
you played as Jake and they were
basically like choose-your-own-adventure
point and click games you know very
simple but but the the whole thing was
like doing the right thing so you would
get laid at the end that was always it
boner quest right something like that no
it was like it was something like Jake
Jake was in the title sure I have never
heard of this
oh I we wasted is so much time on these
games I'm googling it right now
Jake's goddamnit the lights my Christmas
tree are going bad sex I'm about to
Google some weird thing booty call
Jake's booty call Thank You ox Oh J oh
yeah I don't know if that's his
classiest Leisure Suit Larry the bra no
no they were in fact not classy at all I
want to say there could have been like
naked drawn on boobies but I forget okay
it's good so long
Jake's booty call so we'll play the
classy Leisure Suit Larry and then we'll
play some Jake's booty call
these games were awful but that sounds
like a terrible night yeah yo Jay Jake's
quest for five more new key tapes that's
exactly what it was called Thank You Jay
you get Union yeah I'll see if I can if
you can see this this is from the wicket
Oh God
here can you see that Jake's booty call
this is straight from the Wikipedia
you'll see in a second yeah that's what
it was okay yeah I've never seen this
you've never seen a man no oh man we
played that all the time it was great it
was great because we were teenagers and
you know you got the see is he spiking
that woman's drink um no he's pointing
he's pointing at the camera I hope so
that's terrible no and I know I don't
think any of them like you never had to
spike drinks but there was like in one
of the missions you know you had to like
give a girl a drink but if you gave her
too much to drink she would puke and
wouldn't want to have sex with you but
she needed at least one drink to start
dancing cuz she liked dancing or
something yeah something stupid like
that okay it's all stupids they're
terrible but you know when you're young
the things you like when you're young
space vagrant says Bill Cosby simulator
oh it's a there are some allegations
there are some allegations I cannot
comment ok so it stood more terrible
than murdering countless people rich
yeah I think I think I think rape is far
creepier than one in its context of the
game then then just killing people in a
game oh sure I suppose it's very that's
extremely squeaky yeah yeah I'm gonna
say yes I suppose you like usually in a
game when you're killing someone like
there's usually like a reason for the
killing right there's a bad guy or
whatever right I don't think you ever
try to rape anyone in a game no and and
I don't there there was no raping in
Jake's booty call it was all about
treating your lady nice to get the booty
if I remember correctly but now the
stream is taking a turn for the weird so
we're gonna call it I think that's a
good idea
all right so everybody thank you so much
for coming out and finishing space quest
number one with us we really appreciate
it thank you to the new subscribers and
I think there were some new subscribers
if not and I don't you know thank you i
doing I think there were a few thank you
to all the old subscribers and thank you
to everyone else who came out we really
appreciate it
but according to Jay go a pack go I can
only assume he's talking about me right
yeah go Pat go to hell no no he's
talking about me oh go head go Packard
go is what he meant like he was like
good job on space quest jack okay that's
acceptable anything that I think so yeah
great good great