The Binding of Hack Frauds (Cain Run)
November 23, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SZHLXVhk1gE

okay I'm back
I don't think rich is back in I probably
should have checked with him before I
came back but
whatever
crazier Gallagher or Victoria Jackson
probably Victoria Jackson I think
Gallagher is pretty lucid he's just he's
just in a shit place right now Victoria
Jackson is a little off the rocker but
that's fine
that's all fine
everything's fine
Oh God you can't hear rich hand button
Jack back is back it's true
rooo did you really get a snack or doing
math no I got another I got another left
hand Brewing Company Milk Stout nitro
beautiful stout beer beautiful smooth
chocolaty stout beer I want to do my
cocaine impressions now this dream uh
because I've been doing them to write
much and rich doesn't like them
and that's fine
if I you know go go over to the rlm site
and donate over there and if I hear that
there's donations the next stream will
be nothing but Michael K that's not true
that's not true
when more FTL you know we try to vary it
up a little bit and I know like we just
did a bunch of Isaac and so obviously
like I wanted to get a new game with
spelunky but you know we do a lot of FTL
we've done a lot of FTL we will do more
FTL just because it's a game that we
love so don't worry about us playing
more FTL it's gonna happen
you're right Michael Cain does do a good
Michael Cain impression he does the best
Michael Cain impression what does
Michael K Michael Caine does the best
Michael Caine impression I don't think
it's an impression I think he's just
Michael Caine what I mean Michael Caine
can't do a Michael Caine impersonation
because he is Michael Caine that's just
him being himself oh my god rich but
what would happen if you tried to do an
impression of yourself what would happen
that's an interesting question that's an
interesting question
Wallace 77 wants to know if we've ever
played rogue legacy where I played it on
stream and I didn't much care for it
it's fine it's a fine little action
platformer game my problem with it was
that it was a roguelike light and it had
a lot of elements that took away from
the roguelike elements that I do enjoy
there's leveling up there's a grinding
aspect to it there's a there's a
mechanic in the game where you can lock
down the castle so instead of it being
randomized every time it's the same
layout every time and I actually I don't
like that so it was not a game that I
played for very long because I just
didn't enjoy it too much but you know
it's a fine I it's fine see here's the
thing chat
I don't kill good jokes okay you know
what are they talking about are you
killing Sir Michael Caine joke Oh cuz I
told them that I wasn't gonna do it
because you didn't like it they liked my
Michael Caine impression because it
makes me look like an idiot rich if if
you if you do that impression I right
now I will I will turn off Skype and I
will start shopping for computer parts
I've I've already told them that I'm not
gonna do it tonight but jokingly I said
that you know if if they go to the rlm
website
and you know go to that little donate
button and enough people donate with
with the subject header of Michael Caine
I will do an entire stream as Michael
Caine yep which by the way is just not
true I will not because I will lose it
or this dream will last 20 minutes and
that'll be it
child's what child bride is saying your
first stream should be thief the dark
project there's one problem with that I
would I would I would love to mmm but
sound is very important for thief okay
so I can't listen for footsteps I can't
listen to hear if there's a guard on the
other side of the door if I'm listening
to Jack talk mm-hmm see I don't I could
try I don't know how well that would
work if you're not paying enough
attention to the audio right I don't
know either
okay I mean it's it's that that's that
is a tough thing when thinking about
games to stream is like what you know
what would stream well what would stream
well sure yeah is there
Robert Bazar jaw wants to know if there
is any reason to go to Wisconsin no none
there's absolutely no reason you get you
get bad gyros and shit whether it's a
beautiful place to go it all depends on
what you're looking to do it like if you
want to come to Milwaukee I would
recommend coming during summer because
we have Summerfest we have State Fair we
have a lovely State Fair we have a
beautiful art museum a Natural History
Museum some fine restaurants we have a
ton of great stuff in Milwaukee but not
just Milwaukee we have great campsites
if you enjoy I kind of flow if you enjoy
wine you go up to Door County go to wine
country if you enjoy we have cranberry
bogs you can take a tour of a cranberry
bog thing it's fish any more exciting
States you could go to that is 100% true
you know you can go to Illinois where
they actually have a real city in a
a real city we are going to fight unlike
Wisconsin yeah
mr. ska did you know that Milwaukee has
a basketball team because I barely did
who cares about here who cares about
that it'll come here for sports but hey
Robert apparently I answered Robert
Bazar jaws question just right enough
thank you Robert Bazaar job for
subscribing we really much appreciate it
and you know Wisconsin is a fine state
to go visit I want to talk about the
Jurassic world teaser I have not seen it
Oh is there a teaser huh apparently no
Jack here's something other than
speaking since since it comes off
Jurassic world
yeah like when Jurassic Park came out
right yeah I mean they they took the
cutting-edge ideas of paleontology at
the time yep that's that's where you're
you're warm-blooded fast-moving
dinosaurs came from Jurassic Park right
right how do you feel now that with
world they're abandoning the current
science on dinosaurs they're abandoning
their there this is that we know a lot
more about dinosaurs than we did during
the first Jurassic Park we know
dinosaurs were head and feathers and
whatnot now more colorful yeah that's
true
they're they're still going with the
classic Jurassic Park looking vampires
enough vampire scum I rich at dinosaurs
that was hilarious yeah I think it's the
classic like classic vampires versus
more gritty modern yeah yeah anyway like
Dracula versus New York you know a big
difference yeah a big difference
should the the dinosaurs in Jurassic
world have feathers that's my question
oh that is a good question rich for
going to but should that is that is a
really great question I just want to do
a quick audio check I've started Isaac
can is it overpowering is the volume
overpowering for anyone but just care
about that vampires gaff that all the
chat cares about by the way I mean
because it was hilarious rich classic
rich these people think the things I say
are so weird that they're delivered the
planned no shit just comes out of my
mouth you can hear fine it isn't over
Margaret anyway Jack how do you answer
that question here so at the at this
time they were using modern dinosaur
science right yes honey actually made a
lot of people more educated about
dinosaurs with that movie unfortunately
like sometimes happens in science you
know we've gotten more information now
and so the views have have changed so
the question would come up as far as a
producer is concerned is do we stick
with modern science or do we stick with
movie Canon uh-huh and you kinda have to
go with movie Canon because you want all
the movies to look similar to each other
even though it's not cutting-edge
science it's all science fiction anyway
yes
here's the harsh truth and here's what's
gonna happen now he had the original
Jurassic Park down actually actually
educated a lot of people yeah and then
world is gonna come in its gonna do the
exact opposite it's gonna continue to
make people dog that's you know it's
kind of a shame yeah that's the truth
though that's really funny yeah
I did be mom's hard since we played
lasts if you notice I came on part I'm
just go start playing as please it's
true but like I don't I don't think we
should worry about that too much
just because it's it's still fake like
even even though the science in the
movie was was based off of real science
the science was flawed because it's a
movie you know so we shouldn't dwell on
that too much
it was it was a movie though that
brought attention to the science it's
true it's real it's gonna be a movie
that that shit's besides its but it's
also a movie that's going to shit all
over Jurassic Park so it doesn't if you
if you want to worry about the cannon
you just say that they're using more
accurate genes now is it better clubs oh
sure
Oh hold on then then then you add the
feathers of the new one and it still
fits oh I see that guys I see that the
screen is frozen sorry about that I
don't know I don't know why give me a
second here it's frozen over on my end
mmm
oh the screen is frozen hold on okay
here we go I don't know why that
happened but the screen is now unfrozen
my apologies everyone everything is
fucked okay we are now streaming the
real video my apologies to everyone you
missed some exciting action I got the
bomb buddy no like this is the real
thing is I'm not I'm not terribly
worried about it because as we've talked
about before it's not going to be a good
it's not gonna be Jurassic Park you know
where's the other reason I don't
understand the excitement we've already
had two lackluster sequels why is this
supposed to be any different it's not
even Spielberg directing right Chris
Pratt
everybody loves Chris Pratt well I'm
just gonna see another Chris Pratt movie
who cares it's true whatever because
it's a name people recognize that's all
that matters
because it's a name people recognized
why and you know what
stick Lords you're right why isn't
anyone discussing the scientific merit
of karna sore I want to discuss
something that isn't there I want to
talk about dinosaurs and pregnant women
that's more fun in my book rich rich no
fun allowed evidence how am i preventing
for shitting all over Jurassic world
won't let me do my Michael Caine
impression which is awesome yeah like
you know I'm just not it's not concerned
I just it's so hard to care about
Jurassic world also like I don't care
about the teaser because it's just a
teaser you know like oh man that movie I
don't know
Jurassic Park I don't know if I've ever
told you this Jurassic Park was a movie
that I loved so much I want to say I saw
it 12 or 15 times in the theater I don't
think that was uncommon no no that movie
made a bazillion dollars yeah that's the
real truth I you and you know that was
back in the day when I just was going to
see movies all the time and I would
spend all day at the theater but I
wouldn't see Jurassic Park from multiple
times in the day oh man that's a quiz it
is still such a great movie and this
just won't be that I don't know it's
hard for me to care about it in general
I can't I can't even get wild up about
it you know because it's going to
disappoint me no matter what no you're
right dick the birthday boy my favorite
movie is Supergirl but I didn't see
Supergirl in the theaters
why stupid motherfucking fly little what
else is going on what else is going on
rich what is happening in the world I
don't know did you see enough attention
to the world what did I see what you're
not on Twitter so you didn't say someone
sent me a an article from Giant Bomb
steam is is revamping their rules for
early access really apparently there
have been enough complaints from
consumers and then I can't kill this
damn fly it's a zombie fly so every time
I kill him he turns into a pile of
motion then regenerates yeah
and so I but every time I kill him he he
turns into a pile of moisture on the
rocks and I can't my tears don't go
through rocks sunny good I need to lure
him out and he wasn't luring me out
there we go okay so they're revamping
their rules regarding early access
they're being a little more engines
stingy like what they will allow in
their early access forms which i think
is Oh rich
I just want details in this early access
no wait
rich okay I got a great item I got all
right great item I got technology I get
laser tears I get a fucking laser gun Oh
God
it was giant good look up look of a
giant bomb they did the they they had
the scoop on this and and it's very
exciting news so like if you are gaming
studio you actually have to have some
development done on your game which
means that like some people were getting
away with just having concept art and
that's what they were calling like early
access yeah that's that's I think so and
so they're saying like you actually have
to have a game which you know that
really should have been a rule but hey
you know I'm not judging except for when
you're judging oh no ok no I'm Josie
Thanks so you know that's that's
interest not take another hit I might
what you might not take another hit with
that laser baby I you might sell to the
rest of this game untouched
absolutely yeah no this this is a killer
item the only thing is like my my attack
power is still pretty weak and so you
know it takes a couple hits to get
things but this is a continuous laser
beam that will kill everything in its
path yes if I can get some items that up
my attack strength it's over atomic okay
it's a hundred percent over I don't know
if I can get those items fun right now
this early in the game I'm sitting
rather pretty so what what is their
criteria then for a really access what
do you need the question you need to
have a working game mm-hmm which you
know like it like I said before like
that's something you think they would
have had already and you need to be more
clear about where you are in your
development cycle for it so
you know so so customers have a greater
idea of whether or not they're they're
actually getting all very good stuff oh
my god is this it not a shot speaking
what is this item hold on I have to ask
a quick look up at what an item is I
know I I'm summarizing yeah the article
hold on hold on I have something very
important to do I have to go on the
Internet I don't worry about it just do
you do your game I'm doing it no oh no
oh no I'm I'm going on the internet to
look up an item oh look of an item
fighter what because I want to know if
it's worth a heart the is actually
bringing up a good point here yeah um
with Thanksgiving coming up are we still
streaming Wednesday it's not gonna
interfere with a stream I think that's a
good question the answer is maybe okay
Ilan has a chance of spawning soul
hearts when taking damage no then that
is not worth that it's not worth giving
apart this item has a chance to spawn
blue hearts if I ever take damage not
worth giving up a heart hurt
what a permanent heart yeah giving up a
permanent heart container
no no so I mean all right no no the
answer is no no
so back back to Thanksgiving what's the
story
Oh Thanksgiving uh you know maybe is I
guess the answer if you don't feel like
going the studio I'm going to do this
again
Jack and I have Street kind of thing we
could we could I you know I like the
group streams and I you know I guess the
it really depends on the group I think
if if Mike or Jay or Jesse generators
cuz I'm not going out of town just a
dried turkey so I'll be in town at home
okay
ya know and I'll be here to the the it
will depend on whether or not anyone
else can do the stream and if other
people can do like if if J or Micah
Jesse are available then we'll do a
group stream and if they're not we'll
just do a hack and a half okay okay
and I think that's a bomb that's my bomb
but I think that's that's the answer
okay all right here we go
that's me handsome I'm gonna guess then
that we're just doing like this again
are we not gonna be a good I would have
soon
what you never know I don't know what
everyone else's plans are for the man
cuz you know it's not Thanksgiving it's
the day before Thanksgiving right
yeah but I imagine I imagine they're all
going not a column to suit people
sure and that would make sense no I
don't know nothing about nothing rich
this is a thing about me not knowing
nothing about nothing
turkey turn these okay it's just usually
when I have turkey on Thanksgiving chat
it's dry and bad because barely
relatives and people I know don't know
how to cook turkey so you know what I do
which I'm not doing this here I'm really
upset i deep fry Zuri every year
and every you know I have a fire
extinguisher and of course I do it
outside on the concrete patio away from
anything flammable but I also brine it
overnight i brine it in a solution of
salt water and brown sugar and then
deep-fry it and it's it's a goddamn
delight to the senses
that might be good it's it's the
greatest it's a great thing in the world
apparently though unbeknownst to me I
lent my deep fryer to my brother he
because all of a sudden I'm over at my
brother's house the other day and my
brother's wife says oh by the way thank
you for letting us borrow the deep fryer
I'm like what the hell are you talking
about
and my brothers like remember you you
said I could borrow the deep fryer for
Thanksgiving because we're having all
these people over and I this is
something I never ever would have done I
don't know why he's getting this from
but then like they start going into it
her family his wife's family is coming
in from town they're from out of town
and they do Thanksgiving every year so
them coming into town is a big deal to
like them having a delicious deep-fried
turkey for Thanksgiving is a big deal so
I gave it how long does it take to cook
the turkey you do for um not long about
an hour can you just pick it up after
they're done cooking no no I can't do
that that wouldn't that wouldn't make a
lot of sense like traveling on things
even they live far enough away where
that would be a hassle
okay okay with that yes so I'm not deep
frying a turkey this year which and
every summer I mean you should be but or
really shouldn't care but but to me it's
a big deal just cuz it's a big thing and
like we're not having that many people
over this year anyway so it's not the
biggest of deals
it's more spectrum it's more strength if
I could get I could get more
doesn't and I know I'm just talking out
loud
yeah
yeah which is fine like you know it's
it's a little less pressure on me as far
as cooking because I usually cook
Thanksgiving dinner you know that's a
little less pressure on me as far as
cooking is concerned which I'm okay with
Oh I did my attack go down there's a
very interesting item here okay this
little 15 cent item is a use one coin
that to deal a damage to everything in
the room all at once which is yeah an
amazing item yeah my attack damage is
not the greatest right now yeah
so it wouldn't do a terrible amount of
good and I don't have a ton of money
anyway probably gonna get it so see if I
can get the coins to get it okay it's an
amazing it's Mario Mario sis terrible
item no it's the best item if your if
your attack is good you walk into a room
destroy everything immediately what your
attack is not good my attack is not good
right
but there are things that you can get to
raise your attack well maybe you should
worry about that first yeah but there's
no guarantee that I'd like this item
will come up again all right I don't
know all right I didn't get it yet I
didn't get it
I didn't waste my money on it yet but
I'm thinking about it
rich what have you been playing this
week well I know you'll probably find
out what the next episode prereq dun dun
dun how's that going by the way yeah a
chance to mess around with a bunch yeah
a little bit it's it all looks and
sounds great the UH okay I've got money
now got money now I'm gonna get one more
pill I can get one more pill and uh ya
know it's looking good
I don't know one oh they'll be done that
I don't know when it needs to be done I
need to talk to Jay about and when it'll
blow up anyway but yeah you'll find out
all about the stuff that rich and I have
been playing lately intent
that's my call rich I got to make a
judgment call on what whether I get this
this item everybody seems to be saying
no well then I got a do it yes you do
yeah absolutely I have no I have no
horse in this race no I know I know all
right I'm not gonna do it what else is
in here and battery get another pill Oh
No okay all right I'm just gonna fight
the boss all right all right all right
everything's huh Oh how do you up your
attack it needs to be like a random drop
there are certain items and the
increased damage pills can increase your
damage and I do have my item right now
is a pill generator yeah I won't get my
next pill by the time this world is over
but I could get my damage up after I
beat the boss what is what is the five
cent item do the five cent item is a
battery which basically recharges my
pills which means I could get another
pill well if you need attack that would
seem to be a good thing to buy well but
no that's completely random like I could
I could get a pill that makes me lose a
heart container okay okay so I'm gonna
fight the boss if I get an item that
increases my damage then I'm going to
buy that item okay is what I'm gonna say
okay that would make sense
because that would make I did get a
pretty killer item in the item room this
time Isaac it's tiring me out Jack I'm
gonna have to quit go shopping for
Quebec you funky
son of a bitch I'm not trying to be a
jerk I mean I might want to do that it's
cut it out early at some point tonight
so I can do that if I'm gonna sure
listen did you listen tomorrow of what
needs to be bought yeah cuz I'm gonna be
busy at the studio tomorrow Jerry I'm
not gonna have time to do it tomorrow
basically okay that's fine yeah that's
fine
everything you can do whatever you want
all the time I'll stick it out here for
a little bit good okay this item the the
lasers does do does make this a little
bit of a boring run because well it's
mostly what I will do is stand on one
side of the room and just laser
everything
they take forever to die they do because
I have no damage right now I just have
no goddamn damage
what is the glowing invincibility thing
here that's that's the cool superpower
got which is randomly as I'm fighting
enemies I will turn invincible and kill
people
oh it just happens randomly yeah like it
in my rage builds up as I fight creature
that seems really great it is it's a
really great item I've got this bad some
horrible yeah and there's not a lot of
room to dodge yeah that just seemed
awful yeah oh my god I'm gonna be
drowning in soul hearts this is brave
things things are looking really great
for this run right now if I could get a
little more damage I would say this is a
clear victory but Jack hold the pickle
is saying he never would have played by
the binding of issac if it wasn't for
reviewing any strings really yes well I
wouldn't I would like to share that if
it wasn't for both Jack and rich I would
not have played Isaac and X come over to
games I wouldn't have been interested in
otherwise thank you both for this
wonderful gift love hearing those
messages oh we really do know thank you
for watching and I'm really glad you're
enjoying the games you know you know
they're they're games that aren't
getting a ton of prep I mean next time I
feel like it's a ton of press and I
guess Isaac does an indie circles but
their games that don't have a marketing
campaign so hey so you know it's only
through word of mouth and we're happy to
spread word of mouth for good names
little farty worms
the only bad thing about this item is
there are some enemies that you can only
shoot and while you're glowing and
invincible
you can shoot so you just have to kind
of like twiddle your thumbs while you're
waiting for it to I got to say that we
probably we're probable for doing for
next time okay see you play Isaac like
50 times no this is 50 times this is my
second time playing rebirth
I played it one other stream like three
weeks ago and when you are entire to the
streams you can play it's got every day
if you you know I'm sure there will be
an X calm stream to decide whether it's
gonna be old or new XCOM the tough
choices
Oh easy easy not thinking that if we can
upgrade this door here I think if we go
to 30 we upgrades I don't know the
correct answer he's one of the items
there what are the items I'm staring at
doing so so this is a the 15 cent one is
a tarot card generator and the tarot
cards are like randomly generated cards
and you know they do stuff like give you
hearts or teleport you or do stuff like
that the red heart is a red heart and
the pill I took it and it's a pill that
makes me forget you map so I'm naughty
when they charge for them yeah cuz the
well it's all random it's all random
okay okay so I just have this pill now
and I have to remember not to press the
button that makes me take the pill which
will be terribly hard for me
I'm gonna go collect there's some soul
hearts to collect before I fight the
boss
oh if I clear one more room I can get
another pill so I think I'm gonna do
that not a big
people people are just linking to
newegg.com to tease me with the computer
parts yeah
you know what I think I want the poo
lemonparty
it doesn't lemonparty doesn't hurt me
some of it is the thing I'm just so very
excited yes I'm so excited Jack I know
you are oh this is such a go kay hold on
I got to pour my snack I didn't pour it
you may keep pouring a snack for that's
not that's not a snack if you're pouring
it that's a drink think that's a drink
it's adults neck do you chew it I'm numb
that's a great snack okay I'm gonna go
fight a boss I'm gonna go fight a boss
rich all right I need some damage um
damage up would help speed would help
there are some things that'll make this
a one run but it ain't no one run yet if
you know what I mean yeah yeah yeah yeah
I know exactly what you mean it's no one
run definitely is not that thing you
said yep yep
rich tell us a scary story
this one time I played five nights at
Freddy's that sounds terrifying it was
terrifying well at the game the fact
that I was playing game not well I don't
know if it was a game really it's an
arts it was a creative work bridge it's
technically game and answer chat no I
don't particularly like metal do you
don't like what Metal Gear okay crazy
ass story with some mildly okay stealth
and some comically ridiculous characters
like it'd be ok if it was a comedy okay
chan I have a very important question to
you for you there's this item brimstone
here it will cost me two permanent heart
containers but it gives me a super
powerful charge shot what happens if I
have that and laser tears do I give
saying people are saying get brimstone
yeah what does it do with laser you're
okay don't do it yeah I don't
necessarily need it
the cool thing about brimstone is it
shoots over rocks and stuff and so like
it can decimate everything but will it
bring your power up I think you know
bring my power up yes you just get
charged oh so it doesn't I don't keep my
my lasers tears get the perimeter you
have laser no okay okay okay yeah that's
not a thing and not worth to permanent
heart containers and I don't like guppy
I don't like the dead get
you don't like the cat that makes you
fly no no the that's only if you get
three cat components if you just have
the dead cat it it gives you nine lives
but that that sounds good it's not
because you you spawn in the room before
you died and you only get one heart so
let's say you're fighting a super
powerful enemy you'll just ya keep
you'll just die nine times instead of
dying once all right you'll lose all
your heart containers yeah there's I
know you're saying get brimstone get rid
of that laser for a flak cannon you're
at now you go if Jack skips this I hope
he gets back in there I know I haven't
left yet I'm deciding I know well no and
the other thing rage the other thing
that factors into this is right now I
have a ton of hearts I'm full of hearts
think think about this logic yeah what
would be the stupid thing to do what
would be the stupid thing to do I don't
know maybe get it because then I lose
two heart containers but I think it
gives me I think it makes me more
powerful so I'm getting it I just got
okay
I just got it oh my god I just got I got
oh my god brimstone is great what's
brimstone do I can't you'll see it you
will see it any exactly one second you
see what that does there flap I have not
seen oh here you go he's coming up right
now you're just walking under yes picked
it up now you just picked it up okay and
when I go into the other room you're
gonna see oh my lord
flap yeah that seems pretty good yeah
it's pretty great
was it worth to heart containers may not
man maybe you'll get more maybe I'll get
more heart containers that's the real
better get a lot of hearts yeah
let's um let's open up this jam yeah I
don't see if it's in here
woohoo soul heart nice and bombs great
worth it worth it okay yeah the only
thing is all of the black hearts and the
blue hearts aren't containers those are
just hits yeah so I can't refill those I
can only refill the red containers you
know but keep doing keep doing good yeah
okay it was worth the hard contains
people are saying it's worth it I don't
know man I don't know he sounds unsure
well we're about to find out oh god I
decimate everything in the room oh
that's beautiful
are you happy with your choice so far I
am yes okay I haven't seen you kill
anything with it yet you're you're about
to you're about to see me rack something
right right now the cutscenes are steady
oh okay yeah I'm wrecking everything in
my path so so far it's worth it because
I don't think yeah yeah yeah
yeah just everything dies but unlike
your regular tears you have to charge it
up you know you just hold on to the
button before letting it go
you hold yeah you hold on and then
letting go is one activate scene that
seems somewhat awkward it's a little
awkward and you know a little unwieldy
because it takes that time but you know
so far worth it get a pill here
Oh range up yeah like I need that I got
to get rid of this this active no good
right now doing me no good like I'm
about to destroy everything right now in
one blast oh I didn't oh it's just two
blasts oh god this is a great item I'm
sorry for ever doubting you brimstone
Jack you need to thank the chat you know
what there's no way I could have made
that decision you're right right Thank
You Chad getting brimstone was the right
call they talked you into it oh and I
get and and I just got fire bombs but
never I've actually never had this item
before
though now my bombs light things on fire
right I think so you're wrecking shit Oh
God ever everything yeah I'm wrecking
absolutely everything which is great you
have horns our robe and you're on fire
I think you're wearing a row looks like
your wife yeah we're in like a little
cloak okay Phoebe Liam uh so you know
just I'm kind of a badass right now
brave
Isaac has become powerful yeah
the 92o i actually so my bombs light
things on fire now and i need to be
careful not to step into the fire that i
align with now as the brimstone still
that you'd beam even if you didn't
previously have that beam thing
yeah the brimstone is still the huge
beam and unlike laser so like both the
laser and the brimstone have infinite
range you know goes across the entire
map but unlike laser brimstone will go
over objects right so like other enemies
fire will will stop at a rock but mine
will go over the rock and I just got a
thing that gives me damage up oh my god
if I would have gotten that stupid thing
I could have wrecked everything what
stupid thing the stupid thing that I
passed up on oh but that's okay these
are the calls the calls are made my
damage is up you play you play the hand
you have at the time absolutely
absolutely but if I if I would have had
the magic fingers now the thing that
causes a damage for every coin could
have been wrecking some shit but that's
okay that's okay Jack this is your
chance to tell the chat I told you so
no no no the chant I'm still incredibly
grateful for the chat for convinced me
to get brimstone
because it's basically doing the same
thing I'm walking into a room and
destroying everything it's just taking
me slightly longer to do it and not
costing me a penny do wrecking
everything okay
vomits laser blood we've talked about
laser blood before have we
I don't know I know we talked about
blood ocean blood ocean yeah I don't
know if that was related to laser blood
that could have been I don't know oh
good another ready come on so you need a
key for that chest yeah gold chest yeah
any keys I don't have any keys right now
and there's a shop and I have a good
amount of money but I haven't no you get
stuff if I bomb blue fire I forget find
out the new rules I don't see any metal
Shh shiny when I last 44 says in quotes
could have been wrecking shit then he
adds your head is on fire and you have
crazy blood lasers don't good grief
you're absolutely right
you're you're absolutely 100% right I
apologize
here's a key door nothing good
and I can buy another key this BFF does
that do oh yeah I know you don't know I
just say things out loud right you know
that about me
Oh BFF they say you just use the key
um-hmm the door somebody is saying I did
use if you had that that oh yeah oh I do
that already
what are these things do okay oh so
that's what I was looking up so the red
heart office is just right hard I don't
need that the BFF makes if I had insect
familiars it would make them larger and
more powerful but I don't have any
insects before so it is useless so we go
and we fight the boss monstro to one
more upgrade but some wasp in this game
know there's a loss with this game the
red heart does not upgrade my heart
containers it would just like yeah yeah
okay yeah
laser blood everywhere rich laser blood
everywhere
well great HP up ah great
the thing is great this that's not what
this dream is least for me and my
computer it's kind of just started like
lagging a bit just got not quite frozen
but you know what it's a bit slideshow
II oh okay I I did drop a couple frames
there looks like I've dropped a little
I've dropped some frames no I don't know
Internet come on internet where Warriors
says rich tell him he can walk in his
own fire bomb oh okay that's great
that's great to know most unless their
line which is a very real possibility
you you know that's possible yes
this mod okay
octave J I will trust you to do I kill
everything this is what's your rich your
thoughts on alien isolation Game of the
Year game of the year easily game yeah
Game of the Year game of all time yes
and now rich you are getting a little
you're getting a little computer alright
I guess I guess that's all I guess I'll
have to disconnect and look up computer
parts I'm excited I know you're excited
you she's excited how come in this fancy
remake of Isaac how come they didn't let
you shoot diagonally I don't know I you
know I think part of that might have
been just they wanted to keep it as
similar as possible and like diagnosed
shooting is it's you know having only
four degrees of shooting as part of the
strategies shot
what is that - does that do anything are
you at max hearts yeah I met max hearts
and I have a decent number of
rechargeable hearts and so I'm I'm
feeling it be good about where I am
right now
item why is it
obviously I'd love to get right now if I
could get something that increased my
speed I've been really happy but I mean
overall bury you kid I mean you can't be
upset with this this is good it's good
it's good
Jack talked a pretty what are the specs
on my new machine well I have parts in
mind but nothing is in stone yet they've
not been ordered yet just why I want to
go shopping for Bert's I want to spend
the evening at the New Ager
ah these shops suck is this thing big
blue fly what's this big blue fly I
don't think this does anything good is a
dumb fly chaps suck rich I wasted a key
on a sucky shop unless this big blue fly
does something good it just don't think
it does look it up and find out now just
increases the sizes of blue spiders and
flies nope yeah um yeah
dumb fucking shop
I kill everything in the room this is my
new song I want to get the fly no I
don't have any flies why would I get the
fly I'm just telling you what they're
saying I'm the messenger you're the
messenger in way Allah increases the
size of blue spiders and flies I don't
have any blue spiders or flies so
getting that would be useless they don't
care no they that's the real thing
there's a secret room which requires two
keys to open and I have two keys I'm
gonna do it I see what's in here oh it's
a dumb room it's a secret room how do
you know about it
alright well I just didn't know it's a
secret cuz I didn't know what was in it
oh oh well I suppose I can get pills
from this alright not the mostly useless
room after I beat the boss I can get
pills from that room's fine though it's
gonna be fine
have to energy okay I'm gonna go fight
the boss oh no oh it's mom god dammit
I always forget when I'm at mom always
but I'm also gonna meet beat mom in
record time okay bebop already ah that's
great what a great health up this range
up does me know can you take pills OS
you back up to a lot of red hearts yeah
yeah iemon I think this doubles my money
right let's do anything fun
I'm keeping the poop making a bomb
see what this guy has to offer huh a lot
of stuff there didn't you that's ooh I
think this is good this is good so I
have another chance to get rid of hearts
in exchange for items what item um
one item gives me the power of flights
which as we've discussed prior is
incredibly important in this game flying
over objects is really really important
what is the other thing do and the other
thing which costs only one heart
container instead of two
yeah I'll get the white heart don't
worry I won't forget about the white
heart what are the white hearts do Jack
if you have a half of a white heart it
um if you get to the next world it gives
you a new heart container which
obviously we want Oh
well cuz I didn't know if I was gonna
fit that'll make up for one of these
purchases absolutely I just want to find
out what this other thing does take the
left flight oh yeah flight is always
worth it I just want to know what the
other thing does make them both is what
they're saying I don't know if I can get
rid of three heart containers that would
be big you will be getting another one
for that white heart paranoid yeah
yeah I will be getting another one so
I'd be getting rid of too hard
containers which might be worth it if I
can find out what this damn thing does
Oh is that just the Whore of Babylon
that's dumb
what's the Whore of Babylon is when you
get down to one heart you transform into
a demon which makes you more powerful
but like yeah yeah they're not gonna get
the one heart well and if you're ever at
that point you're so fucked where it's
like being more powerful is not gonna
help you in that pinch so I just I just
want to confirm that that's what that
does have to scroll through all of these
items here Rich's bias he's filtering
out comments that don't fit with his
rich agenda haha my voice will be heard
Jack what do you think of Super Mario
the game
are you asking what I think is the games
I know I'm biased so this is what I'm
gonna say what happens when I don't
filter here what do you think about
somewhere in the game it's good so what
we've learned here is that there is a
reason I filter out some comments rich
the rich agenda is beneficial to
everybody what what I can only assume is
what you're what you're asking is what I
think about the game but your question
is really like what do I think about the
character of Super Mario what I will say
is um on the subject of Super Mario what
a weird question thank you for filtering
that out what a weird question your
question is stop the chip it stopped the
stream it stopped every frying
everything is come to a screeching halt
here's what I will say because what most
people don't understand about Mario is
that regular Mario is tiny you know you
start the game as regular Mario right
yes and Super Mario is after you get a
mushroom then you turn it to big Mario
uh-huh what that actually is is a really
neat way of hiding a health meter right
because you know you if you turn into
Super Mario then you get a hit and
you're yeah sure sure but it's it's
essentially a health meter and then if
you get a powerup obviously that gives
you one more hit so it's a it's a really
neat way of of hiding a health meter if
that's a thing
so okay so there is my thoughts on Super
Mario here to ask question oh that was a
bad one to take Don dead everybody dead
done dead everybody did in this game by
Isaac probably one yeah fuck it
what everything's I'm good
you know it's meta means losing some
hearts okay
but generally killing but I should not
have I made a bad gamble his base okay
is the moral of the story
and la taking some taking some hits rich
what is your opinion on Turtles Leonardo
all the way one 100% Leonardo hmm it's
my opinion on turtles okay
I guess that's fair Jack I would no one
wanted a fight
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles as a group
or Batman I mean the Teenage Mutant
Ninja Turtles okay I just thought I'd
ask
that's my knee-jerk is tangent Ninja
Turtles yeah obviously there's more of
them
Batman training to be a ninja from the
time his parents died
yeah the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
all four of them trained to be ninjas
from the time they were pretty much born
yeah yeah they've known nothing else but
being right right than being ninjas they
lived it they breathed it it's hard and
colluded with the Ninja Turtles also
have no qualms on killing oh is that
true oh that's for the for the classic
comic book turtles that is 150 percent
true Cheerilee okay oh that's great
150 percent true health up I will take
ya know the turtles all the way then
Turtles all the way Mario Mario says
turtle enemies have the IQ of 40 usually
yeah if you if you're you're if you're
Turtles on the cartoon turtles that's
that's true but I'm talking about the
damn classic Eastman and Laird black and
white nerdy turtles right shit got real
hair Oh got real hundred percent well
you'd be safe you just float it over
those rocks wouldn't you I did put on
these rocks
I'm delayed Jack oh I did float over the
rocks hold on I devil ring I don't see
things as they happen Jack I know I know
and people keep mentioning by the way
and this is hopefully going to stop at
least two people from mentioning there
is a way to share my screen with you
through Skype so you could watch live
but then I would be sending another
video signal out ooh
okay so rich do I spend a permanent
heart container I get a temporary blue
heart container but my damage and my
speed goes up uh well what do you think
Jack like right now I'm pretty killing
it but if my damage went up a little bit
I would kill it way more
if you're already killing it yeah
basically I did it you know I don't know
that it's worth it
probably not that was probably a dumb
idea but I did it anyway okay I also
unlocked an achievement because of that
unlocks a character so so then it's
double worth it
Oh rich oh oh nice balls of steel I just
got a couple soul hearts so double worth
it okay here we go
fighting the boss hey can somebody in
the chat wants to know if if there's
anybody we think the Batman would be huh
we're talking about four on one four
ninjas versus one ninja yeah unless
you're unless you're actually using the
adverse ninja law which I'm not it's
just outnumbered against four opponents
who are not at all opposed to using
lethal force yeah we I'm not gonna take
this pony but I just wanted to ride the
pony for a little bit wait and a holy
death
ah Hoku or superman i don't think that's
a real question so anyone can defeat
Superman if they have kryptonite so I
don't count that as a real question okay
they're they're both absurd characters
when it comes to strength how's that
yeah that's there you go
I can't take Goku seriously No oh yeah
whatever you picked up you you look
lamer
with a pony yeah pony yeah yeah look a
little lamer I mean you're flying too
exactly well no I like I said I just
wanted to ride it around for a little
bit no I had to choose oh okay I had to
choose between that or my reusable pill
generator and more than a couple times I
have gotten really good pills so I'm not
getting rid of my reusable pill
generator okay right now I'm doing
really well on health I really want to
find I'm sorry and just be over with it
because I'm killing
Oh
how about one ninja turtle versus Batman
Michelangelo would lose pretty easily
yeah
Donatello would be bested yeah Raphael
all he has going for him is brute
strength
the Batman would I would think him yeah
Leo stands chance sure I would still say
I think Batman would win you know Leo
and Raph would put up the best fights
but ultimately Raphael was prone to
anger and I think Batman wouldn't just
not lose his cool and Raphael would and
that would be the end of it yeah Leo
schoolin calculating is well trained and
he's got two big swords he's not afraid
to use that o stands a chance
yes but Batman I say yea he done he
takes out any of the others individually
I even think Batman has a better than
even chance of beating Leo okay that's
fine that's fine and he would take out
Michelangelo and Donatello together I
don't know about Leo and Raph together
though
not a guaranteed loss
right like we've talked about our
general like like and dislike of Batman
in general don't don't look Batman
yeah don't think we're just hating on
Batman here it's we're just trying to be
practical nerds as far as number I think
who I think would win in the fight
yeah well white is the best hour in
Isaac
look at that
that man would pit Rafael against Leo I
could see that happening
what do you mean like he would turn them
against each other something yeah
Oh tracking violent Psychopaths so I
could easily see that happen
okay I'm gonna face mom's heart now
because I don't feel like exploring
anymore let's go
didn't you today to do the fighting
mouse are fighting mom sorry
everything's great
what the fuck indeed rich thank you for
subscribing phlegm in my throat
spooky modem spooky modem thank you for
subscribing we appreciate it
ooh we're going deeper rich yeah we can
go deeper into hell oh my god can you
like fully beat the game beat the game
100% oh no it was our own comeback what
happened Oh apparently oh well how did
you fuck up like real bad Oh No
what happened so apparently so you know
like a devil room opened up and a
gateway into Hell opened up so I could
have gone down to hell and beat Satan
which I've done on my Vita but
apparently if you leave the devil room
and closes forever Oh jack oh this and
this is why you tune in the see me fuck
I don't suppose you could bum that door
no no no how
oh the Joker card that's right that's
right the Joker card what does that do
what the fuck what the oh someone is
subscribing for my failure rich nikhyl
thank you for subscribing this might
think that's neat kill any AC AI ohms it
works you're back in action I'm back in
action oh my god alright alright that
was almost I mean that was really
embarrassing thank you confirmed for J
for showing people my crocodile brain ah
okay back in action we're in hell
we are we're gonna we're gonna try to
we're gonna fight the devil hopefully if
we can find the devil we're gonna fight
the devil obviously what is the Joker
the Joker card takes you to the devil oh
okay okay and usually those like kind of
randomly spawn like sometimes after you
fight a boss but a Joker card will take
you there got real yeah real lucky brief
for realsies sir poop on your head yeah
yes there is poop on my hands is it is
it worth it
your dignity for whatever that does yes
it is
it was badass for the cloak and bat
wings and horns and eyepatch in my laser
blood and you've got a poopy on your
head uh my my pride would keep me from
whatever advantages the PES my pride
couldn't eat leafy music that sure and
that's the difference between how do I
pause the game family Oh Otis eat your
bonus room the poop on your head turns
all flies into non attack flies people
in the chat are saying to use the Joker
card again I already use the Joker card
is it one time you yeah maybe it just
hasn't maybe my chat is first oh yeah
okay never mind never mind
oh my god what does this do okay this
item there's a secret room in the devil
room there's an item that's a meteorite
and it sticks inside of your head and
makes your tears circle around you like
it gives you gravitate gravity yeah what
does it do if I have brimstone will it
make me awesome or will it - do it -
check it out I don't know that's why I'm
asking
this games too much like Zelda Jack oh I
know yeah it's all magis it's so magis
take tiny planet is what they're saying
yeah I don't know tiny plate do it do it
eat ok guys I'm doing it I'm doing it I
took it
it's worth brimstone ok I did it let's
see what it does
ok let's see if you guys horribly fucked
me oh my god
what oh I can't wait to see it don't
tell me it's really I'm not gonna touch
it
are you super badass though no it's it's
just does something really weird I don't
know if it's a good thing or a bad thing
it just does something weird I think so
I don't know are you seeing this yet no
you're not seeing it I haven't seen you
fire it nothing picked it up ok
you should be coming close this thing
guy fire yeah so I don't know if that
helps or hurts err yeah no not neither I
mean if you're close to touching things
yeah yeah vaporize them I think so good
so good is what we're gonna say yeah cuz
it's still firing straight yeah
instantly this has been lucky poop
though I'm gonna hold onto this poop
oh man okay we're at the boss okay let's
let's do this no reason not to fight and
Satan fight and Satan rich comically
overpower I'm not as over it looks like
it looks that way to me but what do I
know about Messer right
I'm yeah I'm good I'm good as far as
items goes okay here come safe here come
safe take did you take off your head
no I still have on my head you know why
cos fucking rich
I hope you feel safe I hope so too but I
don't think so
I'm only in a second form and I only
have one heart left there's a third form
okay third form therefore stay calm
use your training what training I don't
know okay there's some kind of training
Walter absolutely oh he got me
Oh have you have you beaten him before I
have okay I have beat on my feet I beat
him yeah well not I'm not on no that was
a good one I felt good getting there
getting that far is it always a fun
thing did you did you make it to the
third floor
yeah I made it to the foot I made it to
the third floor oh yeah you're not
seeing that yet I forget that you're
that you're behind I made the third form
and whew and you know what I just I feel
good about that run like you know you
get that far I still beat mom's heart so
that still counts as a win against mom
I'm sorry I still unlock some items
though I'm gonna feel good about this
I'm gonna because I have no choice
ah hey it's a good run Jack I thank you
I felt good about that and now we can
end this dream at a quasi reasonable
time where you can go shopping for
computer part that's if I'm not too
tired to even do that
oh my lord what are you talking about
believe me Jack been a long day you woke
up like two hours ago
company in town this week that's closer
to a reasonable hour sure sure Oh is
that's a good question right who do you
think would win in a fight Satan or
Batman Satan I'm sorry
you don't think that Batman would stand
a chance against us no I do not
against the magical angel
Oh rich there they're asking you to
stream your shopping no okay no it's
very so here's the real takeaways of
this dream I get Isaac and spelunky
because they're great games rich is not
allergic to my cat or anyone who missed
that at the beginning of extreme rich
came over over the weekend to play games
and is not allergic to my hypoallergenic
cat rich and biscuit are now best
friends that's natural and he loves
biscuit and pet him like oh hey you
avoided be touching the cat and rich is
gonna shop for computer parts and not
listen to your advice mostly because you
give contradictory advice I'm sure some
things and not fans of others hmm I
could say I'm getting a Nvidia graphics
card and half the travel say that's
great the other channel say no you're
wrong until over AMD I think for the
first time ever on a computer I've built
you don't have the chance gonna say
that's great bitch do you have chance
gonna say no that's wrong you're right
you're absolutely right I'm gonna say
I'm not gonna get a solid-state drive
because I think the other things are
more important and every one of the
chances gonna say no reg ya dumb oh yeah
already they're saying don't get AMD
don't make my mistake
who did what Batman versus
biscuit rich wins would be biscuit yeah
Batman would beat it he's a cat come on
he's a big cat he's a giant cat
and he has claws but I mean come on bear
why do you even want Batman to beat
superhumans when his rogues gallery are
all human beings you devalue Batman's
rogues gallery when you insist Batman
could be everybody right
it's you here's the thing Batman Batman
can heat up iron men without without
doing any kind of fancy gadget thing to
the armor then what the fuck do you care
when he goes up against two faced with a
pistol right things nothing's a
challenge at that point nothing what
Batman deal with human beings mm-hmm
he's a detective great Batman vs.
predator I read that book it's not very
good Oh since I was younger but I liked
it at the time I haven't reread it ages
but I can lend it to you to relay the
first Batman vs predator
it's comically bad all right if you say
so
I I just reread it recently because I
remembered it being great when I was and
it is comically bad you know what I
recently read for the first time I
didn't read all of it I kind of gave up
part way through operated a hush Batman
hush was that that was kind of a famous
Batman story for some years back Jim Lee
came out of retirement to draw a year
long Batman story
oh god I've written by what's-his-face
Loeb I think one of the famous Batman
writers and it's cut bad very hyped up
at the time okay yeah I read through it
I can't look to the first half and like
this is kind of bad oh okay
oh so two very important questions rich
one Batman versus space cop
um Batman I see I think space cop would
win because he has a giant laser gun
well space cop does have the
invulnerability shape right space cops a
little o P yeah space cop has a and
space cop has the giant laser gun and no
moral compass face cop is easily
outwitted cuz he doesn't try very hard
that's not the space cop is stupid
yeah space cop is extraordinarily lazy
he does not give a shit ok the other
really important question is Batman vs
Super Mario with a fire flower that's
true thank you all for coming out thank
you to the new subscribers thank you to
the old subscribers and thank you to
everyone who listens to us be idiots we
really appreciate you guys coming out
I mean Mario would win let's be honest
I'm gonna go shopping
