XCOM Enemy of my Friend (Part 4)
June 25, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=09GAPb64rUM

this is XCOM this is serious business
the fact that you can just shut your
laughs off like that was weird
okay all right
oh I got to get to that Jam had time I
got time do I have time hey you might
what are the other good what can the
other guys do I was taking material
everybody can do okay Kenobi's got a
shit shot he's behind a van and we know
veins can blow up it's actually great to
be a grenade when you move somebody the
other side the flanken was anybody worse
the shotgun guy oh he's all the way over
there
games over here but I mean I haven't so
I could get far enough no no I mean I
could start moving them over here but
then who knows what's over yeah yeah so
oh yeah I got I got I don't have a lot
of options unfortunately and his running
guns got cool down anyways no ice
running guns got one more turn so
telling me there's a chance I could
grenade but like I want to wait Oh close
can you get junkie low you know nothing
John kilo antha that's a game of Thrones
reference it's not I can get Johnny kilo
right here not even a drain know is is
can the grenade reach from the heavy
have you still got a grade yeah Kevin
divided reach oh yes if you want if you
want a little drunk kilo and try and
take a bad shot with John kilo sure that
seems like a really good idea let's do
that all right John kilo
well you trying you can use the grenade
on the ones that just popped off yeah
yeah do to do so what can you get the
other thing you can behind the truck
behind Optimus yeah I'm through this no
please don't kill me to be a hero is
always a please don't kill me like the
end of Miami connection after 45 minutes
of brutal murder like non-violence can
we achieve yeah I gotta kill him
Renee I know we only have one there are
other people have one now I used now an
honest truth yeah
oh great aim the grenade first is it
it was absolutely going to forget all
right yeah hi
you guys have squandered your weapon
fragments weapon fragments are not as
important as not dying and we got to
melt canisters that time when these guys
get leveled up and their aim doesn't
suck
we'll have weapon fragments will get
them don't worry yeah yeah optimist yeah
oh God
Kim Kardashian is blond again was she
ever blonde I don't know if I just saw
that look at this jack hey everyone made
it three promotions okay activate well
this is where you got some decision
making to make okay bullets form the
standard shots with the primary weapon
no longer and the turn Oh as long as you
don't have you been shoot Weiss so you
can shoot twice okay or hollow targeting
shooting at or suppressing enemies also
confers +10 aim to any allies attack so
if you shoot at somebody and they don't
die everybody else gets a ten plus two
there a month on that specific monster
and you're the heavy I would rather have
the heavy shoot twice I'm letting you
make this decision entirely with a no
feedback yay confirm did it go back
Gibbs gets a promotion tactical sense
pluses confers +5 defense per enemy in
sight nice or confers +10 critical
chance per enemy of sight II tactical
sense or aggression I'll let you make
this decision with no input from me
that's that's a tough one actually I
enjoy that defense are killing bitches
most most people favor one over the
other but III think there's use for both
myself I agree I
I think because he's the assault class
because envy assault class is the run up
you know you don't know what's coming up
that tree right uh the two major
branches for the salt tend to vary
between defense and offense sure sure
I'm gonna I'm gonna go offense because
then if he can run up to people and get
it even close he's got a good chance of
critical in his I'm letting you make
this decision okay all right I remember
in the early game it's not as useful
because like like the sectoid they don't
have much health to begin with you don't
need to critical as much later on it's
it's good I a rocket Oh
so there's another so here's another
heavy class junkie low your assaults can
either be like tanks or or glass cannons
sure Oh International Service Cross is
now unlocked yeah everybody's gonna be
pissed off at you for taking offense on
that assault drink I think they will
most people tend to say defense all the
way around sure that's good I don't know
I'm done I usually have one one
offensive-minded assault and one
defensive manager so okay here we go so
science is this system what I think it
goes oh no this is just us winning
oh that's from I never mind for a second
I thought council permission pilot so we
decreased panic in Japan I've got four
scientists Oh Britt Britt oh oh he's
talking he will be watching remember
remember we will be watching that's his
voice J command you are the only one who
can save the Allies and what's what's
going after his prime are you doing a
voice the next going does actually that
was thought you're trying to do after
this prize okay XCOM shadow man you
never see his face it's always in shadow
okay
we need you to do this mission Morgana's
commander is here Optimus Prime when you
guys talk optimus no optimus Brad white
but no I did have to miss prime more
like Billy Dee Williams for no reason
alright rename this medal um I don't
know um I've been something what we got
a customized Mel named cups we have two
cups um eyes all right commander don't
go to the supermarket today command do
the fart Bob are the middle confirm the
site
I do have transformers on the brain it's
ruined my life uh-oh plus two will per
different nationality in the squad plus
two aim per continent bonus XCOM has
earned what's continent bonus uh-oh
you know you own the beginning when you
picked a base yeah if you can get a
satellite over every country in a
comment you get that bonus even if you
didn't put your starting base there oh
so some of those bonuses you you read
through and aren't gonna get ya you
could get those you got a satellite no
let's go home right now though you've
been having panic issues so I would go
with to was Plus will I agree let's uh
well we can do that later Jimmy J I've
got an extra thing I can award another
Jimmy Justice again just just to make
people happy
yeah give it a bit of salt yeah yeah I
don't have still F plus y5 defense all
the time there you go sir Gibbs oh you
got the other one - yes he's highly
decorated that's right
he's our moderator is there camping it
gets it off oh yeah we thank you sir
games we need a birthday boy medal huh
okay
and a megatron metal someone said you
need a roof metal because roofs are the
best uh you know the more we have talked
about what part of my building is the
best part of the building
here's what I'm putting out here what
the plumbing yeah no you know why
because then I can poop in a place and
don't have to leave because sure you got
a roof but then you got to go somewhere
else to go poo yeah right if you go
outside free compost yeah happen who
wants to go outside wait what does oh
yeah those bears yeah that's right
few soldiers who needs this middle well
thirty-seven pretty good well thirty-six
well forty-one bad
well 33 we go okay you have our answer
Leona's gets the middle we are mrs.
confirm damn no we are not going to
watch epic movie date movie and disaster
movie all at the same time no it's very
unlikely we will ever do that again that
was a one-time gimmick that works for
transformers but it worked for that
series cuz those movies are known for
just being chaos yeah just the thought
of crippling that is hysterical guys no
need to worry about it if past one-off
rlm gimmicks have proven anything soon
there will be several YouTube channels
dedicated to watching the same movie oh
I can't wait to not watch those right so
don't worry I'm sure alright
uh-oh we'll have one more day for a
satellite down
so let's little be built in a day yeah
let's scan for activity they lied
yeah great
so first assign a new project you got in
here and a fiber no these items they all
get built instantly oh the only things
that take time or though that the
construction ones and then when you get
a found really don't these stuff that
takes time but we'll see if we can get
to a foundry on that rocket alien
containment is a priority I'm gonna say
nope everybody I have a good reason why
not - okay we desperately need to unlock
the officer training school now actually
is it unlocked yet I doubt it but you
need you need to get somebody up three
ranks before you can even build one and
that how do I know if I have it we'll
see if you build it you've got a build
facility and see if something called
Officer Training School comes up oh okay
we don't have it yet so Sigma we don't
need to build anything right now all
right unless well you know what thinking
ahead we could build a power generator
actually because we're gonna need power
sooner or later if you're you may as
well get started on that I'll go down
build power power well here's the other
thing about the base of me to show you
after you start building us all right
yeah now you see words like a cave it's
like an open area yeah you can build
there because there's space but you go
on the other side of your access lift
yeah
that's solid rock actually making a head
because we gotta you always got a plan
ahead with this this top layer this base
layer of XCOM geez so I would start
excavating there and then we don't need
to just yet but then we can also start
building a lift to go down because every
level of town you need a lift down that
center shaft to access it oh my god and
what's steams Oh steam once we get down
there it's better than a power generator
you can build a Thermal generator there
mo ginger actor I
fucking Mission Control fucking go
Oh weapon frankly this search complete
yay scope available scope is good scope
is good good yeah these are mine yes yes
when equipment like ants are you my girl
scout what yes unless you're not that
let's go with scope cookies yeah okay so
now I need scope I think it I guess
scope from my mouth okay
what does it autopsy do does that make
the molecule it can give you information
on them
you usually get some kind of technology
from it you can do it whatever what are
our options now okay so we still need
the arc thrower we need them how long
will you see the two most important ones
on here in my mind beam weapons and
carapace yeah actually I'm gonna do it
okay carapace and be me I mean laser
weapons of course power source
okay well then let's just those are
really important alright let's just do
it
yeah great great
alright let's get out of here fucking
Mission Control well time to get up can
we go this first month without a council
mission
that's so weird Oh wife and runnin what
does that mean I got an achievement
what is that look what's happening Oh
our dinner I don't I don't know
achievements and I don't care about
achievements I never pay any attention
to him like it and you did something I
think I got I got a thing it's a matter
game you didn't get anything you got the
illusion of a thing yeah I got an extra
thing on top of my thing
assigned new construction all right what
are we going on top of your thing things
with another thing
what equipped so at least I wouldn't go
before yeah oh no because you had to
replace the grenade you're not ready to
give up her name's Jess yeah Jack so
maybe two for one
yeah or one to one for now I'd say start
with one we've been using a lot of
grenades if you haven't noticed if you
wanna build two it's not the worst thing
in the world
oh yeah you just got an option I'm gonna
build two don't they have the apps okay
that is fine thing gonna build a medkit
if we run out of money we can always
sell things on the gray market yeah the
only one okay all right
oh I should probably sue I mean we
should be building other things or no oh
it doesn't matter right now
I know I know what we want we want money
on hand when we can build an officer
training school okay that's that's the
top priority because with that you can
unlock a fifth roster spot oh okay great
yeah and that is we're not gonna get a
fucking council mission that is so weird
we are extremely impressed all right I
got an A and I got 255 coupie good
dollar Gulf Coast glob Lumpkins oh oh
god Frank nuns I'm dumb
yeah we didn't put up a sublet we didn't
burn up the satellite that was so dumb
we're losing our money okay we lost out
on my composure and it's I should have
yelled at you have to put up the
satellite oh yeah I didn't know I kept
waiting for a consolation to pop up your
bow that's all me okay what do we do go
to the Situation Room Situation Room
watch satellite still can't believe
you're following Jay tell them to launch
the satellite so obviously in Africa
right yeah I mean you couldn't do it
strictly based on panic but if you also
look different countries give you
different amounts of money per month
which would have been great at the start
of this month but I'm a fucking idiot
wow that's Ari oh we want to go away
from us so United Kingdom okay yeah let
me get over there then your options are
even you could do South America maybe
not something or anything South Africa
I'm trying to save everyone what you
mean you could go solve Africa if you
want to try and save South Africa I mean
Africa the continent but you could just
throw them to the wolves say it's not
worth the panics too bad
ah I mean 80 bucks a month is pretty
good as far as you know like we're
getting like we could go a hundred bucks
a month so wait I can get double bonus
if I go to us no you only one watch one
per okay if you if you go over it'll say
house at once okay people are telling me
what I should tell you to do but I'm not
going
that's a it's a smart call so like the
United Kingdom
yeah the commoners are right and then
what if we did this at the end of that
we should have done this at the end of
the month now I mean we could wait we
probably should wait to the end but we
also might forget to do this again yeah
if you wait to the end we you can save a
country that's in the red hey do
something
I barely know what's going on and I want
to do South Africa we don't you know
what Jays right there all right
we should wait to the end of the month
really we might have a country that goes
on the rain oh sure okay all right let's
do that then
all right great well then fucking the
facts or the thing what's name - the
month oh we just got something we just
we just got to the end of the month oh
well shit oh fuck that was bad that was
bad
we're receiving a transmission from the
cat's dead I'm put that soul and
situation room okay the council has been
monitoring unusual reports about a
hijack attempt on an authorized French
military convoy perpetrators are human
Intel indicates that aliens may also be
in the area uh okay wait wait what do
you what do you think a dog I'm thinking
if you go on this mission you're dead do
you think especially if you don't know
how this mission works yeah you are
you're gonna get raped
yeah well that's I mean that's an option
you want to get raped my we're gonna let
the stream vote on this I'm just curious
what the opinion on is should we skip
this mission I think if you go on this
mission we're gonna have a squad wipe
okay I mean that's possible also also I
got I mean I got skills yeah you are
right rape incoming rape incoming that
is a correct statement stream no no
please the chats going no please let
Jack berate Oh do it all right we're
gonna do it because it's exciting I
guess okay
be prepared for Jess yeah okay a line we
don't have that fucking fit squad member
and we don't have a sniper we're fucked
uh-huh we're fuck we're so fucked it's
fucked people are very excited about
this wait wait don't scopes
I have scopes built two more we're
forsaking grenades I'm going crazy I'm
going crazy
well you just trust me jack
you do what grenades in favor of scopes
oh my lord
okay so we need two more scopes yeah
give everybody on this mission of scope
all right all right
this is gun and that oh this is gonna
end are you gonna do I advise you listen
to everything I say on this mission I
wouldn't do a thing everybody will die
everybody is going to die and there's
nothing we can do about it okay how is
it like real life yeah here's what's
gonna happen
I'm gonna tell you first of all oh we
gotta work on settling down a little bit
Jack you take X convers yes I know
things you don't
I know it's true how about this let's
just let's do this to keep it
interesting okay I will I will tell you
what I'm thinking okay and then you can
tell me how wrong I am okay but that
just sounds like em telling you what to
do but you're taking twice as long
okay wait so now I got important yeah
yeah you're now the mission Jack while
I'm telling you I'm telling you
turns out cuz I'm goin fuckin portent
kiya faith in you jack I have no faith
in Jack's ability to handle I don't
either
death is always a possibility y'all
because I'm always an option here is
always an option for rookies this
mission is the Widowmaker alright
goodbye good speculation about this okay
we don't have much so Gibby says we're
riding the ship of doom I'm sorry what
happened I'm sorry Master Kenobi sorry
Leon sorry jonh kilo Oh judge Sheila
became a fucking heavy yeah it's a waste
of a good aim you missed it
I check you need to remember everything
I taught you everything I taught you
you abso-fucking-lutely I know exactly
what you told me to do in fact you don't
even need to worry this mission is so
unfair it's ridiculous yeah we're pretty
fucked dude I'm watching a funeral then
that's that's your burden dawg that's
your burden to bear be over here I Jack
go through the boulevard
I think I forgot say go through the
fingers to go through the building and
go through the building slowly okay
I've got my eyes on here we go over
watching over watching over watching all
right
aliens are on the move what does that
mean what's that what's what what is
that
okay survivors that's your objective
does that mean am i though have we had
that map this whole time I think so I've
no you know I've never paid any
attention to that so yeah I guess the
radar yeah I don't think we've had that
radar alright well hey dude where's
games no we a missus okay
now you can't drop that building it has
no roof all right I said it then the
area in the building to the right with
with with his open spaces yeah Boyd in
the open spaces avoid the open we're
going through the bolt part of the
enclosed building with walls we're going
over here yes we're going over there go
slowly
oh yeah I'm through there you're okay oh
god this is more fun cuz rich is gonna
have an aneurysm
oh I can make it there
ah okay how do you feel about this
jacket I mean I'm only scared because
you have made it such a big deal I am
terrified and so like for me it's just
like durpa durpa doing don't go up the
bill you don't go anywhere near there
fucking rough well you know I'll just
take my time move slowly all right and
we'll see what happens
heylia activities happening okay so we
moved the heavies laughs all right so
now the question is and don't tell me
rich yeah the question is whether I go
on this door this door doors aren't good
because you can set your guys up before
you open the door right
so if whatever door you choose to open
on this visit nice heavy cover on either
side of a door before I open it before
you open yes that's that's a good piece
you should have you should only open
doors at the start of term when
everybody is exactly where you want them
to be okay all right
but I heard that fucker little
firecracker or something
I've chosen this door back here okay
just to let you know taking some risk
just because there's no one in this
building yes yeah you're pretty safe in
this building yeah
sometimes I'm taking some movement risks
here I want my heavy to be a little
closer for the for the impending doom
inch we're gonna move we're gonna - you
over you've got a garage and a door next
to the garage
it was perfectly good covering either
side of both of those doors oh yeah all
right I guess doors the poor man's roofs
roofs for light don't underestimate the
door without the door you can't get in
the house yeah but you don't need a door
the roof was the most overrated portion
of the house why look if you don't have
walls where the fuck you're gonna put
your roof and you can have sticks yeah
we were talking about that sticks that
make sense
let's see that makes sense okay no you
could have to camp poles
the damage there's okay there's two
major doors
yeah I my plan is to move this I maybe I
made one mistake
so I'm gonna move I'm gonna move Kenobi
behind the thing and then open the big
door okay what about the small door next
to it what about it why don't put the
guys there too I could you could you
probably should I maybe
oh you mean have two guys by the small
doors and two guys by the big yes oh
sure sure we can do that I was gonna I
was gonna have him back here to fire out
of this door but no no you can get
everybody out facing forward from bolt
doors now okay better me I don't know if
I have two heavies on one door I might
like put the heavy on the other door oh
sure
you know what I'm pretty bad at paying
attention to that kind of stuff okay but
what we can move you move you to this
one right it says yeah if that's yeah
yeah okay I'm good here
move you don't go outside going outside
yeah you know it's using this imprecise
controller Jack I appreciate that
that pandering I no idea okay so now but
now we watch and wait for the mixture
yeah
oK we've got our eyes on everybody
don't you even fucking worry oh my god
here we go here we go switched on
Damascus normal difficult don't think
I'm more helpful than usual maybe I'm
wrong maybe I'm wrong okay so we got a
fin man over here we got one over here
and we got up one up on a roof now
shaking alright so I can probably open
this door go to one of the guys by the
door you just opened click on one of
them or go to the targeting screen for
them what are the percentage changes to
hit 48 68 and 48 okay what about the guy
next to him what's the same like I'm
what does he have a beat on the guy that
yeah so the other guy him what's he have
700 is it shocking guy okay we
definitely don't want you since 68 is
our highest that's fine that's fine all
right now open the other door all right
open any other door guys opening the
other door
sixty that's pretty good I like that 60
and 80 60% critical that's pretty hot
alright but but we're gonna get all the
information first right that's the rule
so yes yes sixty seven eighty seven
great that's Jackie long dong kilo okay
all right it's here percent chance of
critical all right so let's see what we
got here all right okay the one that's
gonna be the hardest is that one on the
far left I know this is just because of
where he's positioned isn't who's on the
guy the guy on the roof yeah you got
three guys who can get him with like an
eighty don't I I'm just looking okay
I'm just looking yeah I can't make it
all the way that far see if I you think
up the Ranga yeah cuz then you'll get
the one in see that's why I'm not
worried about the bright side yeah you
got a reliable way to kill two of them
yeah this here's my good roof one I
might use him try and kill him what is
the critical chance I'm the guy in the
rough
he's only gonna salt right city Christie
you have a 60% chance to kill him
outright with him yeah that's pretty
nice and only a 10% critical chance that
yeah he received the vague that for
health yeah the remote without it
critical the most the assault rifle can
do is three okay that would actually say
I want to say here's the dilemma I'm
having okay well you know what you want
to spring this on your own without me
blabbing on yes okay all right
just tell me to shut up jack I'll shut
up it's you know it's alright rich I
mean you know I'm here you're passionate
about my I am I love this game yeah we
have enough beads on him
everybody can hit that fucking roof guy
Bruce stay off a minute all right
well he's exposed he's I don't think
he's technically alerted yet he's in his
he's in his crouch down I'm doing
whatever pose he's not active okay
yeah this guy I just need to get my
running gun guy closer cuz I can't I
can't get to him here well the minute
you move somebody out the door that guy
on the roof is going to be alerted and
he's gonna run away and hide somewhere
so keep keep that in mind before you
move somebody up here out of the door
what can he hit again
look can you hit again ten percent
critical chance there sixty percent
eighty
I think you're my roof guy right 87% hit
50% critical so do I take them larger
percent to hit or the larger critical
percent that's no.1 well okay here's the
thing all that you know this just just
mat other than the heavies the the
machine gun yeah does more damage than
assault rifles so even without the
critical he'll probably die as long as
you hit him okay well that's it for them
for the heavy yeah
the only thing that matters is the hit
chance for the for the assault rifle
because I really do mean I'm like that
the critical is important I'm I'm doing
it there you go oh okay
one down two to go
so now that the roof guy won't be be
spooked I'm going to well now I'll save
him okay we're gonna take successes over
here take this guy out okay I'm sorry I
keep talking okay let me read the chat
read the check I'm sorry jack am i
ruining this game for you know my
writing don't worry don't worry about a
thing I'm you know I'm it's it's working
because I'm winning okay rich Evans
authorized him to fire I also just want
to do you know I know I know I'm I feel
bad I don't do jack I I apologize don't
don't you worry about nothing dawg
I apologize don't you worry about a
thing I know I wanted to do that
now oh I guess okay it's fine well Hina
enemy is still alive imp Kenobi well
just my GIMP is my running Gunnar yeah
not gonna run a gun in there cuz I don't
know what's in there but I could you
could then no longer telling you what to
do well now I'm scared know how I'm the
precious precious argan Jack oh Jesus
Christ
riches are gone let's wreck appeals have
been taken off alright you're gonna
learn to hate that man so much I hate
him already then that are my favorite
enemy in the game because when you first
get to them they're they're terrifying
they will they will fuck your shit up
and then at the end of the game you you
can just wipe them out easily are
thinman aliens sir they're they're like
covert infiltration aliens they're
aliens have been altered to look like
human beings okay
doing it up someone mentioned Matt Han
and yep he's alive we're well aware of
this it's exciting news we'll see if we
can do something with him
who's me I Hannah Sam did you stand him
right next time
sure did oh yeah I've been talking about
that since the last time we talked about
it you're not you're gonna have a
surprise
Oh am I gonna have a sprite exam
surprise how did you not poison you go
back down I don't think they'd be poison
he's okay
how does he pose oh there's a confident
Club yeah well avoid that Club oh well
shit all right well that's fine what
difficulty are we on we're on original
or whatever original or classic there
clatter yeah classic you sure I think so
all right I will be honest with you I
don't know I am you know I'm just gonna
move into better cover all right I get
joy the way cuz yeah I don't want you
hit okay hey can I hit this guy well we
all won't give a shot I guess I got here
what's in here
okay I'll get you the rocket but I'm
sure there's gonna be more than these
guys so we're gonna hold onto that
rocket you know what let's just try
shooting let's just see what happens
rich confirm for senile why is that I
don't know what is that in reference to
I have no idea maybe because I'm senile
overwatch bodies don't look like they've
been hit by alien weapons oh he's been
working Vicki we're killed by
conventional bullets rich what enemy in
the game do you hate the most
let's see unlike a lot of people I have
no fear of chrysalids because I tend to
run an assault heavy squad assault will
fuck up crystallins meet the enemy
that's the most lame is that that new
ones enemy within the the stealth one
the tentacle one just because they're
the way that you have to deal with them
it's just some cheap and they're kind of
lame and ineffective
oh you're senile because you forgot what
difficulty it was set up the game yes
I'm wondering why Jack didn't I thought
we started a classic we did we did we
did we went out we went hardcore you
should have been poisoned yeah you shot
that than men he should have exploded in
your face I'm sorry that he didn't
target
probably probably one of my favorite oh
no I don't hate sector pods they're fun
but they're fun because they're so
difficult I love it when I run into a
sector pod it's like them how am I gonna
handle the situation
John kilos an asset thank you
but you have a heavy who traditionally
have bad aim
who started out with extraordinary aim
she actually have a heavy with good aim
that's great that is great great all
right we and there's a civilian miss
that heads up there's a civilian over
uh-oh Oh another can one of those guys
they sight on that guy on the one those
oh you activated him I didn't notice him
this villian know the the Thin Man over
there no oh I didn't notice that either
that I activated up
no I don't have a line of sight out okay
alright I gotta get I gotta somebody can
see him is he's highlighting go through
your guys okay I can't imagine who would
know I can't they've all moved all right
I mean I have no idea why he said maybe
he's only highlighted because the
civilian can see him
hey thanks I don't know weird shit going
on or whatever you know what that's all
fine it's you know what it's all units
it's all fun
well this guy needs to back up we're
going over here
okay who can know him what what Oh Finn
men what I have unusually good aim how
could it look they use the white assault
rifle that's gonna cost 20 he can shoot
through a fucking wall
oh and everybody's panic now
except for this mission listen doc it's
gonna be fun we're great he can shoot
high wall I told you this mission was
death
well one death one confirmed dead I did
not know he wall you're fighting thin
men with popsicle sticks oh my god all
right all right all right we can we can
think our way through this if you insist
Jack what it's it's really possible that
I got you lost your running gun guy yep
ah sure did that's fine
and you know what I'm gonna be fine with
it now we gotta we gotta play it safe we
gotta play cool let's play cool
I won't let you know though jacket you
ever do lose confidence yeah let's go
you can you can go to the landing zone
and evacuated oh but you have to get
everybody back to the landing zone in
one piece sure
well right now they're all freaked out
so if you wait - you're absolutely sure
you're going to die you're probably not
gonna be able to make it back class
retreat is an option in that stuff okay
that's all I like knowing that okay
there is a thin man somewhere over here
and apparently if even if I'm behind a
wall that fuck can see me what if I'm
behind a brick wall does that make any
difference what if you got a roof can
they see you through a roof if you want
to try that well not if you got a roof
and they can't see you or should you
through the roof then that proves that
roofs are
best absolutely
never evac never you know no no I'm not
a coward I'm practical okay so I could
blow him up but then that's my one
rocket how many more do we think there
are a lot well then I want to say my
rocket
you just started this mission check how
I did I yes oh shit
Wow well then fuck well then let's see
if we can oh wait can I am the holes
cover bonus and provides me a native
goods you can't can you just out of
curiosity I can't did you move them
roadie at that person yeah I moved here
balls do you have got this guy and this
guy just for shits and giggles can
either of them get on the scroller can
you get on the roof I'll make him get on
the roof yeah the roof yeah yeah all
right you don't have lunch site from any
work there so to play minion get up
there and maybe next turn over but and
if there's more of them
I'm not telling you anything other than
that I know there are more okay what's
on it I'm not gonna tell you where sure
or when can he get on the roof directly
above him oh oh that's a good that's a
good time
now that might be a pretty good shot
sure
I'll cover if he's if he does have lunch
site yeah yeah all right John kilo John
kilo do you the man now dog I it's not
have line of sight shit no line of sight
all right
too far away that's good you could
overwatch and retreat and he might come
to you sure that's another that's
another tactic especially if you got
somebody with good aim
okay well let's get this guy it's
somewhere somewhere I mean I'm
definitely not telling you to do that
I'm just not something think about us is
a strategy it isn't then you can do
you're sure I have this kind instead we
should good cover or anyone it's here
well there was one other spot that crate
out front
yeah but I'm totally exposed let's you
got the call right well you know where
the guy might run do sure but he's right
there now I can sure hate me but you'd
be behind the higher cover man now and
you can do that and and hunker down oh
yeah that's right a hunkering down
I do remember hunker down hunkering down
okay you know what you guys we're gonna
hunker and Jay won't help us because he
wants to see the chaos and you're right
I keep people that people keep saying
gee it's tell him to do this I'm not
gonna tell him anything
rich is an armchair general don't listen
to him another one Jay tell Jack to do
something no I've made it clear that I
think the only thing that needs to
happen is that he needs to get on the
roof the absolute that's that's the
Rhino comment I can make to this game
because I barely know what's happening
okay can you miss yeah yeah yeah you
fucking missed Jay tell them to die
we're gonna do fine with that yeah
that'll happen
a on its own you don't even need to
worry about that I know what can I do
here
Rich's drunk with power that's very true
I mean and just drunk in general the
question is will he see me if I'm here
not with the door closed not with the
door closed move into position unless
you should just happen to decide to run
in the door right but he won't see you
you can't shoot you with the door closed
he might decide to run in there anyway
should be completely exposed
sure well then I'll make the smart call
here and go here first well if he runs
in the room he'll probably be able to
shoot you from there too I think
yeah but if I go here I can overwatch Oh
Oh as far as that yeah yeah we're if I
go here I can okay okay
okay so now we overwatch and this guy
can move up to this position
now keep an eye on your ammo for thanks
oh yeah oh yeah
or this guy can reload reload just takes
a turn yeah hallo yeah if I still might
have a well I could reload - you - I
could hunker I'm not doing I'm just
looking - I know there's thinner it's
like I'd like to get him in but the the
lady's gonna take care of him that's
really I should just move him just to
move him I guess I must well you're not
you're not planning to attack with him
next turn anyway then no none
sun-hi as well overwatch isn't the worst
thing I know he's only got one ammo left
but she's got great aim high I know I
can yep and - Dead
almost gonna be great yeah I know I
should try to reach the survivor I'm
working on different shit right now
what's this why is it that's the
objective for thee right Wow shit dumps
what do you think about doing huh what
do you think about doing I am thinking
about doing shit I'm a real Owen great
Stephen this guy's dead
he got poisoned man thin men spit poison
oh he's gonna lose one the hell pattern
3 or so terms and once he's poisoned his
aim is also worse oh great and the thin
man is behind I cover oh great well shit
I'll see what are they saying I'm
through here Rob Retreat retreat that is
a very serious yeah seppuku well then
here's what I'll do I'm gonna I'm gonna
retreat my one guy and I was this guy
will sacrifice himself might be able to
gonna both out you might be able to
gonna both out oh yeah
how far can I go if I go over the roof
well he's not gonna if just from the
poison alone it's not gonna kill a man
it'll stop on its own after it's like
I'd love to get to that survivor that's
not gonna happen
you know thank I think I can tell you
there will be more guys there will be
more guy well they were guys maybe at
least at least as many as you've already
seen at least fuckin hell
they start air-dropping
they start air-dropping good you know
what good
you yeah this is fubar huh yeah
exit zonas behind you yeah I know
alright alright yeah watch me no shit
Doug she's had no idea what you're
you're you're gar you're pressing
alright
this is credibly stupid yeah amazingly
stupendously stupid and what's your
point yes everybody jack isn't
retreating nope oh god that's more
exciting ah you know do it going for it
that's more exciting than being a Power
yeah I know coward rich Evans ah died
like a samurai cop over watchdog oh you
got gypped on that they hit that one but
not oh shit oh shit shit that's alright
I got him I got him he's got no cover
he's got nothing rocket his ass and flee
not even rocket I can hit him with my
gun John get his ass and flee look at
that the 67 that shit I want that
survivor dog Oh
we're gonna lose our wonderful heavy
with with a ridiculous aim for nothing
I'm rocketing
alien activity is happening I'm running
up are you a tree I retrieve three out
of four I was hoping to make it push
with the two you pants
he hasn't even killed half the enemies
that pop up escorting an unarmed
survivor disappointed in you Jan you
should do you wish to abort the mission
abort mission
you've never wanted anything yeah you a
coward yeah it's true it's true I am you
have dishonored your family I will tell
I will tell my grandchildren one day
about the fact that this one time in a
video game you can just show them this
video that's true I think John Kela was
glad he lived
you're welcome John kilo I wait to
rename some guys oh wow alright let's
find some new soldiers alright first
person I'm looking at here master
Kenny's already killed massacre victim
on that wire
I think the birthday boy has a pizza
roll go far huh oh I guess I got the
keyboard area
first name dick last name the birthday
boy
nope
the birthday boo Dave birthday boo
birthday boy yeah there you go I like I
kinda like birthday food oh yeah that's
a first name while making Digby okay
okay oh we still bad mutation - yes
silly okay
I think it's an i what
oh great it's a font so what I can't
told it's an ally or
two else but you're right Li okay all
right now we go last name right yeah
first name just - here will this - it
alright alright and we stop Bob mutation
so yeah I guess we do i mutations
finally up alright
oh good there we go we're still good
alright hey let's go let's move on yeah
alien abduction let's do it
wait wait what's a sniper recruit that's
what you need now is you care what the
panic is anywhere else we desperately
need soldiers and that will get us a
high wrench sniper and that right now is
is Beth's
that's our error hey let's guess that's
our oasis let's go to Canada dawg yeah
Canada yeah
okay so we got mutation we got Kela
we've got the birthday boy and we're
gonna add in admission castle UCLA kiss
LA birthday boy kilo and aa mutation
you're up doing it here we go doing it
let's go rich can write letters and the
families he really cares you know that
that is what XCOM has that no real-time
strategy game has talked about this in
the Czech I know we talked about this
earlier today but some real-time
strategy games they're all just units to
be thrown away you know you make a
hundred soldiers and you expect 90% of
them just to die chaff while you're
building something else only in a game
like X come do you actually get attached
to an individual unit sure I do you
think that's because you get the name of
herbs because that you name them because
because they're important characters and
not just useless they they have their
own exploits they accomplish when you
have like a guy that made an amazing
shot did something great you remember
that individual character
I'm rolling
I went up on the roof I know you did all
right here we go
I'm just wearing a doom spiral now it's
anything is possible
we've only got a four-man squad and
they're all except for John kylo they're
all brookey's that's why he went up he's
gonna be he's gonna be our heavy sniper
it's gonna be great unless the buildings
full of aliens yeah yeah
yeah I I defend my decision to put him
on the roof
are you in on the roof oh no they're on
the roof all right but don't you worry
about Damon not being on the roof
oh oh it's right there so not with this
this lady jam come over here lady jam
alien object in sight y'all don't you
even worry years old all rights
y'all I'm sorry we re talking slang you
said y'all I'm wearing it in on it oh I
didn't want to be left out