Dynasty Flesh Lights
July 9, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2jwKxvrBrPc

stop Richards gonna play this for a
little bit longer and so you're just
gonna watch him he's gonna beat this one
and then we'll switch over to dynasty
or astonished if
alright now maybe it's over there coming
on
over there
I'm just in time for the Chen
stop playing games and finish space cop
yeah working on finally secured of Asia
today that's been kind of a pain oh wait
how did you
yeah all right yeah Jesse said you were
here looking at stuff yeah okay
that's good you heard it here first they
secured and I secured a location that we
haven't shot at yet believe us no one
wishes we were done with space cop more
than us
they go home yes
I did and wants to desperately I want to
sugar J this was rich
to play shadows of Rome and it's pretty
awesome I'll tell you that it seems like
it I see in the chat much like dynasty
warriors it seems like it would get
repetitive very easily um but it's
pretty awesome
it's a you get to beat people into blood
polls and any game where you get to do
that I think is a good game if it
weren't for and get rewarded for
yeah you should take him to the old bean
factory by the way I desperately tried
to find the old bean factory when I was
in California recently I did all sorts
of research to join it because the
episode hadn't gone up at that point I
thought it'd be great if get a little
bit in the video or I go to the old bean
factory but I could not find it how
would you even know where that was shot
well they think they don't give
directions in the movie no one ever says
where it is but they say it's off of the
big there stayed room 101 or something
like that but I I tried I tried I really
wanted to find the old via Factory
so I won no get Frank Stallone on the
phone was he even at the old me but yeah
okay he'll be in victory
there's the buff since the last five
minutes ago so you'll be back agents are
monkeys
okay Mabel they kind of look like
goblins
Oh John Q oh yes we we absolutely know
we need a few more new key tapes so send
us all the new key things you can yes
whew just a couple more guys just a
couple more new key tapes and we'll be
ready for our ever again
as anyone in the street you have any of
you see because I saw it years ago when
it first came out on video
would have been like 11 or 12 and it may
be the first movie that I enjoyed in way
that we enjoy now watching bad movies ah
as I watched it with my friend Jason and
I remember we were laughing so loud we
kept rewinding it a certain scene and my
mom came in the room and told us to keep
it down funniest thing if anyone in the
stream has seen the movie is dancing I
haven't seen the movie since I was a kid
I don't know if it holds up as being
funny but the part where new he dances
and we could not stop laughing but we
have a very exciting idea with the new
people open hoping we do that at some
point the new key idea but we need a
couple more new it's a glorious idea
fucking awful brain idea and that way
you guys just kind of like gonna be
great it's gonna be great I think it's
gonna be very it's gonna be great we've
been through this yeah are you walking
into the pledge you dumbass because
they're dumbasses
gonna die and it's not my fault those
two oh that's terrible
so we mention the Garbage Pail Kids
movie we have plans for that too I am a
big fan of the Garbage Pail Kids movie
probably the only person who is I
actually bought it on all right back
before torrents were a thing I bought a
VHS of it on eBay in like 2001 2002
alright back when we were making Girl
Interrupted was shortly after I got it
and there's the the song in the movie
though we can do anything but were key
with each other
and we wanted to have a musical number
and gorilla interrupted using that song
cuz they're like this this represents
the entire shoot of course we didn't do
it with the other controller because we
can play two player now alright I
watched you guys fail
have you seen it since very kid though
no okay it is one of the worst things
ever made
to the point they tore those like
fascinating things were here as you're
watching it you you're wondering what
they could possibly have been thinking
the entire movie oh I'm so excited I
think it's fantastic I liked it when I
was a kid because I like the garbageman
absolutely ie I liked it as a kid I did
like the Garbage Pail Kids but I think
even as a kid I understood that it was
completely fucked up the movie play new
games
reject the fucking game oh yeah that's
DualShock motherfucker
I can feel it Oh in handy tonight what
is wrong with you
come on nothing's wrong with me rocking
out it
motherfuckin me Collins motherfucker
good want to watch the greatest sequence
in television history ever oh there's a
history from Miami Vice with that in the
air tonight analysis it's the sequence
from the Miami Vice pilot and it's just
an extended sequence that plays almost
the entirety of in the air tonight by
Phil Collins oh yeah it's awesome
I don't think I've ever seen an episode
of Miami Vice or seen it it on Netflix
it's like Michael Mann was responsible
for the original show was Wells deep you
reboot a movie which I haven't seen
either and I just look Phil Collen yeah
I hope that's fine who Collins is fine
fine new new Phil Collins you're fine
their name
oh my god
reconnecting dynasty warriors time yeah
rich can get cranky I do I need yeah I
should not have had coffee this late I
was gonna have coffee earlier and then I
had beer instead which i think is a good
toy supposed to go the other way you
drink coffee first and then you you have
beer first and then coffee because then
you can uh you can not be sleep Oh beer
makes me see oh sure okay yeah yeah okay
okay okay I've returned rich has
returned from that place which is where
I went yes do it dog do it start this
without saving I guess do it what
well I'm fixing the thing the thing is
not fixed the thing is not fixed yet
who's alright oh he's the hostess yogi
show Oh someone wants to know how hairy
his arms are um I didn't notice them
being ordinate lee haeri
as your answer it looks like arms they
look like art oh here we go
well guys I would I be having another
cat allergy I wouldn't you cuz they know
that you had get allergy attacks right
do something weird always look Thank You
warriors okay it's clear that you have
something on it it gotta sell me on its
it's like the game we were playing
before instead of instead of facing like
one or four guys you're facing hundreds
so it's like a button measure yeah it's
a button mashing channel channel of rope
is not a button right this is the sun's
entirely different it's very different
alright oh yeah oh that way I have to
update them oh my god I miss the war
where's at Fox
clucks at flocks oh my god you know caps
locks yeah
mm-hmm ex lost his money
I've lost my mind musu so what are we
doing um Oh mister mister you can play
two players you can play two players
together or are only versus together
buzu subbu soon maybe I don't know I
don't know I never played the fine
differences the first dynasty Warriors
anything I've ever touched oh yeah okay
it's a picky dude or lady pick your dude
or lady none of them I can't tell all
right this guy has a big Club which is
nice but this guy has a big ax okay
what did you pick this so I took a big
sword hi then I'm gonna pick a big X we
can sex big effects next set so much
coffee looks yeah I probably need coffee
oh I've been pretty quiet then I kind of
been playing a lot of games yeah I get
quiet when I play a game yeah this is
why I don't solo stream I know people
have asked me rich boy you got a solo
stream did you uh did you hear a fucking
peep out of me during the shadow of Rome
no you didn't that is why I don't stream
games myself rich did not weigh in in
our milk discussion hardly at all oh I
know the important discussions about
meals I did express a strong opinion
regarding skin there was a band in high
school there's a band from a different
high school that were called milk milk
Mel because I know it's all people
pronounce milk M LK and the evila Queens
milk and evil acquaintances they were a
ska band Oh milk
Hulk mom Oh school did they were too
cheap for okay they were drinking malt
okay so what a fire what is as you go on
you cannot even get new and better
weapons but right now yeah all right you
can set you can't bother guys cuz you're
you know you're like in general all
right all right okay so now you can do
the same thing we're doing equipment
equipment do it
sure I have two questions Team Fortress
2 questions I made engineering medic I'm
also good with soldier a bit I think
everyone's kind of go to the soldier I'm
not good with the scout so I have very
little scout and very little and I play
tf2 a lot I haven't been playing the
last couple weeks because I have work to
do like a sucker yeah all right start
yeah well so this tells us how we win so
if you see we're the green triangle
right all right and our dudes are the
blue dudes inside the castle and that
red dudes are coming to get us
so we need to kill red dude we need to
kill already all right so simple enough
so far well and then so you have to keep
paying attention to the map because
you'll see like red dudes are taking
over an area but then you need to go in
all right so here's a question yeah what
was your first video game either of you
so old I don't Oh
it may have been either pack Manor pong
mine was probably Frogger that's hard
sanitary
either Frogger or they have jump like
the Junko on telling these my guys are
these desert yoke the bad guys have
helped our zone pitfall Frogger pitfall
it fall yeah I love pitfall there and I
seen burden of Dreams yes I have it's
been a very long time there release
deadly gun fires oh okay well you can
also take
and that's a thing first what is the
circle char gave me something like it's
like oh that's your yeah that's a super
attack in terms of super size well okay
things happening you flaming hideous hey
this is kills him oh I'm not sold yet
jack yeah well that's fine I wasn't sold
at first either I'm on a horse though
you kill all the right people
okay I just had a big bandage that's
good I should be
oh fuck
Big Daddy's head like they're surrounded
by guys everybody's like what I have
hey Kevin you get a areas
yeah cuz on cuz I was doing yeah oh
thanks oh and I might even get a horse
really fine oh yeah they are no time for
being light kilo steel Africa oh I'm
totally gonna die and so if we both
press our super buttons one right next
to each other we do like a pretty duper
gonna die I'm gonna die kill it kill it
kill em yeah
Peralta do dilip I know I do that oh
sorry oh I don't know what I'm doing
yeah that's pressure any pots I need
right now because or no you know it
needs meats people driving me but but
are you pressing to stop time circle
button my just is this for me yeah yeah
do you see the yellow bar underneath
your help yeah that's your super to do
aha
and when your super-dee-duper vine does
then you can start time how does it glow
being like mine what makes it glow
that's okay I'm gonna do why my mana is
losing his mind it's true I need some
help gonna die I think I got it I think
so
and so yeah it's really important that
we kind of like there are way too many
right guys looks like this yeah but the
red guys are coming at me alright kill
the red guys they're in I know yeah well
we need to oh yeah dumpling I got a
fucking Dublin on backing it back in it
fucks I'm gonna kill some
okay they kind of feel like cuz I got a
dumpling motherfucking dumpling
get off my I'm gonna get off I'm trying
to get in the sport to kill guys in the
sport I can't get I can't find a goddamn
place to get in get in the fourth where
oh did you ring Skelton yeah can we beat
every every gun that's the point of it
beat me buddy uh we had he made years
ago we have to go but the things that a
years old thing
it is now feels like it the thing is you
know if we keep doing it eventually get
to a point that's that's how the
internet works right if you just keep
doing something over and over and over
it's funny it gets funny absolutely and
not figure someone annoying
absolutely I'm standing over here by a
jar you said oh no I got I got dumplings
I'm fine there's shit in jars give me
you crack the jars again shit yeah so
I'm good with the GAR shit a chance the
grumps tonight oh it's true make sure
your grub is done this special I think
y'all just need to shut up okay
I just want to get inside before I can't
get inside well go to where the red news
I'm trying to let it go to then we gotta
get in there maybe tried getting in
there uh yeah um this wall looking for a
fucking entrance and the rain and
entrance into the fourth we'll get in
there I we've gone over this twice our
my in there man getting me hug in the
fight against fight that's literally
impossible
you go to where they're in a go though
the red dudes are in the LEDs although
this make sense
the things I'm saying make sense oh that
dudes is the elevate dumpling dumpling
gives you how bottom you oh that's a
good question I'm on top okay
rich is on the top screen so riches of
riches atop and Jack is a bottom like
gazing it's true dude suits plywood
dudes why we do oh the Canon films
documentary I like aw fuck yeah I'm so
excited about that there's a documentary
about Campbell films being made that
sounds awesome
I am very very much looking forward to
that
I would say I hope they interview the
exterminator but I think he's passed
away
rubber Ginty loony dad I've heard this I
want to say we looked into and use Oh
rest in peace
he's Robert
the man with the baby
somehow it's supposed to be an action
there's so many good you know what you
gonna do get a dime for every time I
heard that yeah you'd have at least five
dimes cuz I said it five times today
yep
that's kind of the fun on this game you
know like here you're surrounded by a
hundred years he's gotta get he
discussed our whacking dudes oh my god
oh yeah trying find out yourself yeah no
I've gotta stop now
that was on purpose that was a joke Oh
jokey joke well I think I think it works
this game is all squared
all I'm doing the spirit squares can see
you're trying to press we turn first
triangle
bad things happen I don't know that I
like it jack oh well that's okay it's
not very this is quintessential button
masher absolutely button mash
hack-and-slash
let's get worried did you type eggs -
that was bad
yeah X does not - I know I just want to
say - down
yeah younger down ya know like like I
said this is just one of those games
that is utter find this non summary and
I you know I'm ok with it because I want
it this might have been like one of the
very first ps2 games that I had maybe
it's just like closed yeah
Hey oh yeah if you see another beautiful
big weapon oh oh I'm at an enemy school
I'm dead oh you guys all right I know
that means what means you're losing
weight both Lucia oh that's not good you
fucked up fucked up good night l didn't
see this is gonna be it it tells what
happen like this is where we win that is
how you died but you know what happened
cuz it just happened yeah but make it so
it's watching you watched it happen live
you really nostalgic for something that
just happened well yeah I think the idea
is like to learn from your mistakes
okay our morale was doing great I know
my mistake is playing this okay you can
you could present for this one all you
have to do is hit fun
I know that sounds fun uh-huh no fun I
know it doesn't sound fun at all
uh-huh if by not sound fun you mean
super fun all the time or then you're
absolutely right
oh the fleshlight joke or a true story
no the fleshlight thing really happened
because if the story is there's a
reference to fleshlight in i tannic
review where Mike called the fleshlight
like tech support line about the name
porn star
he called and said that any remember you
guys know you saw the video but whatever
we were complaining about it and then
fleshlight because we've mentioned their
products sent those flashlights they
send us the decompress Ligue 1 and they
send us the avatar 1 it's like a weird
avatar alien flashlight and they sent us
those for free so we have these
flashlights just sort of hanging out of
the studio now what's the best of my
knowledge they've never been used by
anyone um well yeah we thought it'd be
funny the night we got that set up a
photo wearing Philly cheese dog in front
of them but yeah that was flesh lights
way of thinking us I guess for
mentioning for product yeah well cuz
well the whole point of this game is
that kind of recreates famous historical
battles you know like I think Moosa mode
if you just kind of followed whoever's
already
dori things so this is a famous oh no
well I don't think one person killed
this many other period of course it is
in it together
Hey put it back you crazy
what people are saying you should
definitely use the flashlight because
it's free oh that's that's a chance
reveal the flashlight yeah I've heard a
good thing I have I have an old school
model a fleshlight yeah you know you
know what Jacqueline wish lights don't
get headaches
very hard hi I'm hello I'm by the blur
everything's a blur
yeah everything absolutely this is this
one's like there's a lot of a the fog of
the war you know like they couldn't read
their passed out from oh you don't know
Oh kicked you in the fuckin head that's
what my guy does keep people in Oh what
is this unmake fuck awakes I couldn't
see the leg because in the fog of war
okay and I'll just kill motherfuckers
hahaha
giving a look bought her a horse
if you must there I gotta make my god
just has us I can't write the horse Jack
why not
I don't want let me write the horse is
it do down the horse first cuz he can't
ride the horse when there's a dude on
the horse don't do it on the horse like
she's a fucking invisible the worst
kicked me off uh yeah they could do that
why but clothes cuz it's not your horse
they don't like you well then you can
kill somebody who take their words you
kiddin I'll leave this did you kill him
do it or did you just take a horse it's
just sitting there
listen nobody's using the worst
this isn't this a gamer has a complex
who is that okay course squares huh oh
did you press play
yeah I defeated an officer til the
person asking about patrol - episode of
half and the baggage should be working
again now did that it was not working
for a while but it's back now yeah
everyone that one in the Captain America
episode was down but could be back now
as well these things happening it should
be fixed at the moment without of our
controllers yeah
all we can do is say hey take this video
work again here's something and then
these sometimes sometimes they don't
it's got a hunker down oh who knew there
was a video game reference buzzer he'll
win fight some dudes this game is stupid
yeah the absolutely by the way yeah I I
can cover this game is absolutely stupid
but I don't know what it is I just love
how dumb it is I love that I love this
just how's that you yeah hey okay let's
go up here these dudes coming up here
and then it stopped fucking shut it down
boo boo oh here we go the game captain
this one once you kill the game Anthony
st. Georg this doesn't matter okay well
hey hey get back
that's it you with it okay that needs
some Downers I agree I've my daughters
Jack's gone crazy down urine debbie
downer
that's what you are get off my lawn
that's what I say you asshole he's fun
crazy oh he's got mad phones he's gone
mad
where's that from something you liked it
right mad folks gone mad
realm
and the lieutenant commanders forces
been destroyed okay little murder murder
dad I just googled the navi flashlight
and now I want to throw up oh yeah it's
you know I guess everyone has their
thing
I'm sure I can bring in the room right
now if you want to see it rich yeah
right well there when they showed up
okay is it any different than I mean
it's just absolutely it's it's an
audience it's full it's got your looking
junk yeah it's got like what
it's just shaping weird it's it's not
shaped like a human right now what I
know I don't know if you want me to
bring it into the room right now just
I'm gonna go get it you know everyone
has their own it doesn't really really
doesn't matter can we just because it's
like specific to them now it's not just
like alien vagina
if you with must've you guys fucking
alright we need to kill you
you like our just stick come from and
I'm gonna do my best
yeah yeah yeah I touch it oh you guys
okay oh this is like look gross yeah
thanks for showing me now I feel awful
okay what we're doing you smashed it
into the 15 oh I'm sorry I broke your
you broke the amateur foolish I broke
your rear now it's our flashlight this
is sure taking a weird turn don't play
some games yep follow why to do let's do
one more on this
that's us we can get the gun go huh Wow
what's the hour
well although Gunray mooses have it's
Charlie okay okay I'm with it it's got
the single best opening song but he gave
okay oh is that what you guys want I'm
now be fleshlight emoticon press the
button pressed upon Brad the button hey
I think you don't want my issue with
flashlights in general would be is just
you know like I can only imagine to
clean up the gross you know we were
looking at the instructions for when
they showed up and it's a whole involved
process
yeah we don't mean it's good you know
you should well you should clean it of
course later use it but it just seems
like way more hassle than it's worth
let's go all right battle on who loved
gates this is like it's like learning I
have to hit the square by not learning
JQ we're learning about the history of
feudal China no I'm not
oh hey thanks to them and learn about
history through the dishwasher I don't
think I think if you're going to you
should make sure that it's just in the
dishwasher by itself yeah I mean I know
like everything gets clean
but I wouldn't sir probably you know
there's probably some sort of setting a
guy who's that
yeah purple geyser thing that's
why did you just standing there same
jerk no he's an addict I don't see
anybody to fight at this blue blips on
the radar line
oh you're going after red but a bunch of
regulars but I'm wearing red no red
ladies always Hanna me no matter what
your oh this is exciting Jay you are the
fourth photo Google Image for Navi
fleshlight who saw them put on me eating
the the chili cheese dog apparently
shows up back there is nice journey what
you're welcome fleshlight I got that
Gopal I got that going for
what box I don't want that box yeah I
got a box
you hope
get out of here get your back on
hey dumpling stoyan that one inna more
fleshlight you know they probably exist
they did have zombie flashlights I felt
like like yeah like there are some
flashlights
I don't know that seemed a little too
much for me Oh down dorky it takes all
kinds just that's the first thing we
have to do first thing we should do is
take care of like this crazy I'll knock
you down the mat yeah where you going
hey what's happening here we go
what are their objectives other than
just killing everyone yeah what are we
trying to stop them from doing exactly I
don't know
Oh super to do my glitter the guys
disappear when they're two feet from
can't believe just looks like a
Playstation one yeah
enough uncle flashlight they have those
yeah okay but see that's maybe sensitive
that's it yeah that makes it people have
sex with four holes all the time but
this person was saying that they would
like that I'm lyin ro it does exist so
if you want one go to close like calm or
whatever the works like this nothing
paid the sponsor don't know no I wish we
were white wine I went up we're gonna
flush like sponsorship
flashlight you could fuck a pothole dun
dun
he's your soups
hey you soups you can't you do that your
soups you get to where's your soup stock
it's too late this chili Jesus it's too
fucking late
what this is the chili dog dog what I
don't know and these games are popular
yes very
alright link applied if you want to hear
my let's do one exaggerating things
we'll do one more
I'm not I'm not thrilled you're not
there that's fine that's okay it's fine
it's fine
everything's fine we're all fine
everything's fine how are you your
fucking game already we played like this
is number three dog yeah you've been out
fair number last week it was mostly well
how long do you play the shovel knight
shovel knight okay that for a couple
hours and ductility of that house was
two games we can play a stage if them
yeah they're pretty sure sure yeah I'm
movin on Rich's unimpressed with Dynasty
Warriors that I think you what is this
written thing dynasty Warriors what's
the what what is the stream thing what's
the consensus I know I mean what do you
think of dynasty Warriors I'm sure
there's people gonna be like a fucking
board and then there's people are gonna
be like playing all night that's what
the stream things
but so that's what you'll get by the way
this is what I was talking about with
the news building I ruin word ah looking
for my real Warriors will be that but we
Zelda characters or do that
I even because I you're like advance to
decker1 am allowed like things people
can can disagree without hate violence
oh you're talking crazy talk rich it's
almost like we're two different people
with different life experiences at the
shapes our opinions but you respect
other people's opinions absolutely I
might not agree with them yeah they are
free to have those there's a very
interesting concept that you're
discussing right I know it's so weird
for people in there yeah that's cool