Pac-Man Champs!!!
December 17, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NjYG2SyWDS0

it was a reference yeah
also people yeah of course I've seen
their reviews that was me being joke
okay well you just forgot about that
fortunately I forgot about that specific
moment in the review I don't remember
anything about your right view but I am
NOT a fan of RL I mean you know they hit
their hit or miss and solo gets to have
space sex with Princess Leia and Indiana
Jones gets to have sex with everyone yes
every single female
yeah you don't see Han with any other
ladies though although I believe in the
original in the George Lucas's original
footage she's making out with a woman at
the cantina oh yeah yeah
I think that footage exists somewhere
made Cena sure can't even remember but
know any other girl he's getting way
more ladies yes
han Solo is basically like a slimeball
and in Star Wars yeah is a lucky lucky
man that a princess wants a bit of his
bill and Indiana Jones
like you said gets all the hot college
girls he was and chooses not to because
he's an adult
yes so what are we fighting now
pac-man Championship Edition yeah
so much packing a little bit of Manning
even meet the ghost yeah well you know
what it's only a pimp ride to us
someone sang-hun has a pimp ride yeah
it's supposed to be a ugly hunk of junk
to everybody else in the world don't
distract me we'll unpack Manning I just
got you
are you guys getting like glitchy bad so
not this game another game stream can
handle jetpack never game
alright weird straight it looks like
it's streaming fun yeah you're not
getting any dropped frames alright well
that's okay we'll do something else this
is just aspirin well let me know let me
know internet spike it's better now okay
yeah they're saying okay is this just
the classic game with updated there's
some differences like the maze is kind
of ship around yeah I said like there's
there there's not pebbles everywhere
by the way is a pretty great character
in the newspaper
there's no arms or legs makes me do
thank you
thanks I had been versions of Oban I've
seen yet even in the original arcade
cabinet jackets yeah it's totally Canon
Batman can't he's pretty great he's much
better than the Sonic Sonic is a
terrible character in Smash Brothers you
know why too fast
none of them are as good as a little Mac
little mag from punch-out guy oh oh yeah
your fight your fighter with the green
bugs and punch Evan look at him he rips
it up consumers we play in hippo but
your mega smash King Hippo Zhang shun I
mean you'd be king
he's like pants I'm not gonna go as far
as to call me chump because I think
that's disrespectful to other jumpers
but you know it's a bit of a pushover no
turbo Jesus I don't have a favorite
character in and booze man froze I like
them all I'm really disappointed that
the pokemon trainer is gone though
I really liked playing as a pokemon
trainer so normally in Superman as I see
your eyes I don't know it's a fight and
I know that okay I know that this
characters from different antenna
franchises you know I just don't know
anymore pokemons gotcha
so no but normally it's bad for others
your one character okay the last
iteration for the Wii of Smash Brothers
we got to play as the pokemon trainer
but the trainer didn't actually fight
the trainers again kid he just threw out
one of so you could fight it as one
Pokemon taken back bring out a different
Pokemon Tomatoes it was a really moved
interesting place and that goes it
randomized which Pokemon either are you
to pick which one you could pick and
they all have slightly different moves
and complemented each other so you know
you can do something damage as Charizard
and then you have in any case they got
rid of him for this one in favor of just
running for Pokemon what the fuck is
this game is fucking pac-man never
underestimate the power of stupidity
that has a day job wait exactly
those 11b fold okay I'm not considered
an official member of Arlen well he says
on a serious note on a serious note
though why isn't Jack considered an
efficient monger Holland I didn't know
we had an official listing yeah there is
no one whose official you know mr. group
people but we never make them that's
true we don't have written documents
wait there's not a scroll not to my
knowledge I was told specific we can
make one just for fun it'll be like a
crack day oh this is new yeah we'll make
a have some great interstellar cop it's
gulping I'm not gonna give any more
information than that what what you're
talking about a general no a few by
didn't get my decoder ring and I'm a
little pissed off if there's a decoder
ring Jay was there a decoder ring it's
for the real actual members of our life
the secret society anytime buddy nice
how about nothing I guess talk about
anything like officially I would come on
sure
yes and we will absolutely film craft
day every day is craft day really it's
true rich was doing some crafts earlier
you guys will see oh my god no yo turnin
Jerri laughs Jerri laughs I didn't get
the recognition he deserved
the picture room is being someone who
tried to do like complicated
choreographed slapstick okay but poor
guy that would be a great fit much much
like too many cooks as you set up like
you set up a scene in which everyone
knows you're you know you're gonna fall
down like pies pies are being delivered
sure and everything you know then a
bunch of rich fruity people come in a
bunch of you know like working-class
people
I gotta get a movie a suicide where we
set up at the beginning that it's a
vigil for a friend of those was died
okay and this was an end with cut to
black and gunshot no but there was a
vase in the middle of the room we
established early on like make sure
nobody knocks over this base and we've
got there a few times throughout the
movie so I'm gonna like knock into the
sand that's again booby and never get
broke and everybody's leaving the
apartment for the night and Mike's
character leaves he just comes back in
and picks it up and smashes it cuz I
didn't break oh is pac-man breaking the
internet again
yeah fine define fine
I mean pac-man did give me that's him
blink you know he did were you about to
smack talk blinky yeah I was bleep
blinky thinks he's hot shit uh-huh he's
not no you're right you're absolutely
right and I'm sorry for doubting did you
know Jay that pac-man was originally
called puck man I did know and they they
decided not to come fuck me because
they're you know wait wait wait you know
why they didn't call fuck that that's
that's the more interesting question you
can tell now okay so what I'm see if you
do they call they didn't call puck man
because originally arcade cabinets were
in bars and they were afraid that the
bar patrons would vandalize hey they
heard the door
he hurt me leave me come back yeah but
rich do you know why they call him puck
me don't remember cuz it sounds like
eating or something like that right
because what's the sound he makes
yeah you know - right wrist
no can i Colin oh yeah I got one more
shit if I was dead I thought it was dead
I got another life I got one more life
so this is just like a time thing like
you got a good five minutes
yeah you play for a high score basically
mmm
the the your own high score or the
online leaderboards okay
very strange
modern seeing seeing pac-man in
high-definition is very strange all of
it except for I don't know if they've
ever remade spaces I heard another wife
so I'm still in the game there's a good
run no was not it was a novel oh I don't
know what a good run is also look at the
pathetic pathetic that's the score how
like when you went well it's a timeline
and how much score what when you were
scoring how many ponies okay I don't
know if that's gonna blue represents
eating the ghosts red for the fruit yeah
yeah here's oh you're gonna stare gone
gone what here's an interesting question
yeah the Rising Sun asks yeah is can
y'all enjoy a game for its technical
aspects even if it's not really fun
No then by definition exception a fun
right I don't know game no me throw me
some examples mr. Rosas him the Rising
Sun mr. Rising Sun give me an example
yes I mean like you almost by definition
the technical aspects should be the the
things that make your game fun you know
if a game looks really pretty I think we
can say man that looks pretty that that
shitty boring game looks pretty you know
right a some you know mists typically
time the CD graphics lot everybody
yeah but I always thought it was a shit
game so so I'm still gonna say no yeah
I'm waiting for him well you know it
takes a little oh yeah I'm waiting for
him to respond I was thinking something
like la noir I don't understand why that
couldn't present the faces the faces
yeah you know like I think we can
appreciate I haven't played it so I
can't say I know I think even with the
face technology if that game is boring I
wouldn't like it but I haven't played it
I don't know what the hell
like like I can appreciate technical
achievements but that alone is not gonna
save your game
no if but if it's a boring game it's a
boring game yeah you know the I think
something I've talked about on the
screen before is the the Phantom Menace
has brought us some technical
achievements in filming oh god it paved
the way for a lot of people who were
afraid to make digital stuff that made
good stuff but synthetic not making a
good movie
oh my god there's a Blade Runner point
click adventure game yeah I want to play
that
have you played that ah no I'm familiar
with it though oh my god mostly Harrison
Ford like the script for the sequel I
saw that I thought of it but also
Harrison Ford is a hundred and twelve
years old
so is he gonna be in it or did you show
him like hey look at this thing is this
me I think the plan is for a minute
funded but also um it's being weighed by
that would mean he's not a robot then
which is it and that's an interesting
thing themselves despite all your
collector's editions he's not a robot
after all anyway yeah perfect Stranglers
like there there's different definition
you know like fondant is a subjective
thing fun that fun is definitely
subjective but if I'm not going to like
a game only because its technical
aspects we should appreciate the
technical aspects on a different level
and then you can like you can like a
game despite its technical aspects I'm
certainly my technical right now what
we'll consider love with the time
assuming you mean graphical sure yeah
like what other kind of technicalities
are you talking about like I guess the
facial thing then tell me know Harvard
sure well or it's like you know say
there was a not saying there was an
oculus rift game right oh there was one
wasn't there like there's an I could
have ripped a game where you play as a
dolphin and you're cheating off of
someone's test and you have to like look
at their test scores without being seen
by your teacher okay
a dolphin game yeah it's very strange
but where it's like yeah that game is
technically very impressive I don't know
if it's fun or not and also I don't have
I'm just an oculus rift anyway you know
like they're still only selling like
developer is that like a system
preferably prefer earlier refer
peripheral like if it is a peripherally
okay but only certain games can run in
oculus must be great for a place in the
water yes I'd love to sisters to play
star citizen with an oculus rift they
actually have their there is a like
lunar landing module in V where you have
to like look around the lunar module and
press all these different buttons
what else they got nobody oh they're
saying I like this is now supposed to be
under 300 still a lot for peripheral
uh-huh uh-huh and there's still a
peripheral that makes you sick if you
play it for too long it doesn't have
that much support I'm assuming at this
point there's not a lot of support good
try
we're gonna get innocuous rich you're
right what should the glasses very
really firm for something that doesn't
even look fun to use interesting the
user looks like just an annoyance this
weird looking thing on your face at all
times
yeah the ideas the houses will they've
been the images into the glass right is
that easy to focus on I don't know
people like it but I like it because
they like it I really like it because
it's trendy inexpensive
probably a little I agree child by
Google glass will only work with our
implants in your eyes okay that's that's
what I want something in my eye
little broadcast advertisements 24 hours
a day some great sounds can you turn
these ads off no oh oh that's my life
now I guess I just wink like in lieu of
the having a thing on your face you need
to think in your face is that true that
would be an in-your-face interface
eleven people yeah wants to know what
your best experience you've ever had
fine maybe not the best game the most
enjoyment bestest different kinds of
experiences I don't know I'm sure
probably yeah yeah getting lost in that
sucked yeah this first game I played
that really tried to be a world rather
than just a place to shoot things it was
like I was pointing out the stream the
other day there's like god this first
man who robbed this kitchen area and
there's uh just a note on the wall about
how the guy in charge of mansion doesn't
isn't happy with food the cooks been
preparing and that he should buy them at
this different market there's no
gameplay value to that note it's not a
hint that leads you to anything else you
can stop and read this note it's just a
detail they add it into the world sure
to make to make it feel like a real
place hey I've never played a game then
and that kind of world building that's
great
I think for me for a long time as most
of you know I'm a common swing I was a
console gamer I was gonna say horn okay
I was a whore for a long time I was a
console game right so that that was just
and I just thought that was all gaming
was was consoles and being a console
gamer there are certainly things that we
didn't have a few years ago mostly first
computers of course now you can't get in
fucking nothing
huh for a while we didn't have an inn so
I always thought that first-person
shooters were weird um and and and all
of them were terrible mostly because I
got motion sick whenever I played him
but then I got me an Xbox 360 hmm and I
got the orange box and I got to play
half-life 2 yeah and I got to play Team
Fortress 2 and portal and that set me on
a path of realizing that there was more
but there's more out there so you know
I'm finding that the the world the
gaming world was a lot bigger than I
thought oh really great experience I
still like consoles
why it's not another sexual I can't wait
five minutes literally for four minutes
and 15 seconds
can't Oh fine I've never played pac-man
I'll be back I mean that playpen this is
not what solo stream oh my god
oh okay okay go ahead
rich is needed for hope I mean obviously
something very chords up everyone's are
everywhere in here terrible okay all
right okay I'm playing pacman now I am
not at all any better guys don't don't
tell rich also his like his controller
is weird I don't care for it
a d-pad is rich rich poopoo is allowed
on the Xbox 360 controller I'm playing a
game that I used to okay don't get the
ghost
okay you guys wouldn't be able to hear
them
they're muffled talking in the
background talk about something daring
or an insurer I should have gotten that
bill should have gotten that I can get
this puzzle I can tell you they're
talking about stuff that's a very
important something that will affect the
future of a red letter media in general
we're gonna live one life left in two
more minutes
Ritchie's gonna be so my god I can't
believe I haven't lost yet
360 deep at its worst yeah the 360 d-pad
did you some Thackery
you
no Karluk they will not
that's your intuitive Oh apparently I'm
playing the same how do I go back a
return maybe let's see what else pac-man
has to offer this is just it this is it
this is all pac-man I mean it I know
this is all pac-man as well
this came in hey rich I'm doing great
okay I only have five more minutes left
I mean you left me with only three
minutes left I died did not do very good
okay so I get back in again let me
you're gonna just let me play pac-man
Wow how do you feel about pac-man let me
play back though have you played pac-man
yeah of course everybody's in the
circuitry it's been a while I'm not
super thrilled with this controller
I know and I don't know if it's pac-man
or their controller but the deep and
feels unresponsive but that might just
be some a pacman where it's like you
can't turn unless there's a way in turn
probably away still our brain were you
actually right right I'm learning okay
you're just making me look better
yeah that's what I'm here for
I'm brooding against you great ah it's
I'm not gonna blame oh my god I'm not
wasting that power color man not gonna
blame the controller keep the fucking
dots a dummy how hard is it
eat the fucking guys I'm not gonna blame
the controller have you played with this
controller it's a fine controller you
may be its that's more likely
and you should be using keyword okay
push up right now right now keyboards
right next to you
oh you pause it first you like this is
much better
I'm also not that good is it is it yeah
I'm pretty good back I'm getting all
these ghosts people have some pretty
insane high scores and yeah it's because
of great a pac-man and things pac-man
related
I don't know I don't understand what's
going on oh oh he was just well you know
the fuck he's blue what is blue you
thought he was an evil ghost I thought
he was an eatable ghost
you're on pac-man dumbass it's really
true
listen general I'm sorry that I can't
play that night it's 11:30
Oh 11:30 already I'll be happen the
street yeah you played that better -
didn't feel like wow when you're playing
a game you're like yeah I'm getting
those manners
did your neighbor
here's what the real key is leave the
ghost along let them let them do their
thing I'm going to get all these colors
bullshit because once you eat them then
they turn back into real ghosts yeah
let's stretch Jeff yeah yeah come on it
wanna learn their movement patterns
get out of here ghost things sure you
complete 100 that's the thing that's
gonna happen yeah yeah it's a thing you
should know about me I'm super clever no
I'm gonna win
for finish big win big win whoop-whoop
I'm done the pac-man for the knife I
don't know how much longer the streams
gonna go on the fingers are gonna be
good I think this is gonna be good for
ya
ah
for England for England that that
victory was for England game progress oh
look at that look at those scores
get out of here turn away also this is
it right there's no other game no
there's more patent occasions where
overturned a museum oh that's what I was
looking for
I didn't oh look I got a check out our
achievement at oh my god
super Peck land oh I'm a fucking fan
three games out of there and the bad
version of pac-man erection
what's that just forget about okay yes
we will place or and we'll play Leisure
Suit Larry not tonight
no not appropriate for butchers you're
talking about Jane yeah
I agree and so here's what I'm gonna say
thank you to all the new subscribers
thank you Yolo subscribers we really
appreciate you guys all coming down and
the merry chitnis saw all your chips and
may your chips if you chip chip chip two
chip two chip chip tree
you