Cavern Kings - (Part 2) Hack & a Half
October 26, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X_bWNL1kMYs

all right so there I hope I hope that
pleased you all an official AVGN
discussion I don't know how are you guys
feeling how do you guys feel about like
the movie where you got you guys fans of
his did you like the movie if so I'm
sorry I think I think if people liked
the movie they wouldn't be so excited to
hear what we had to say about it
hahaha you think oh yeah I'm going to
assume the hate was had by all
sure I believe that I keep saying
repeated comments that that I am louder
than you that you're allowed oh I know I
keep moving how do I use it what
happened oh I keep moving
how about I move my mic away is that
home no it's it's on my end you keep
doing what you're doing I keep moving
away you know you know what I'm going to
invest in my next dirty investment is a
proper articulating mic stand okay
because this is a problem that we have
when we stream as a group and this is a
problem that I have when I streams solo
here is um a good mic placement because
you know in order to get the best sound
you need the mic right in front of your
face but I can't put the mic right in
front of my face because like that's
where my keyboard and I guess I could do
it now I can't really put the mic in
front of my face cuz that's the board is
and that's where my desk is and but I'm
playing with a controller now
so I probably can I don't want to put it
right in front of my face because then
it like it's in front of a game you know
so if I had a nice articulating mic
stand I could put the mic kind of
parties now I'll see if this works
mic placement is tough I should really
just get one of those headsets one of
those awful headsets that have the mic
attached mm-hm
the problem there is I have glasses and
those headsets push my glasses against
the sides of my head I I can't move away
from the mic when I cough I'm wearing a
headset so you just you have to deal
with that mmm Chad yeah the elephant
confirmed you're gonna catch Ebola from
the stream Oh fine stream Ebola stream
bowl up stream bola well this is an e
weapon I have like a little like
articulating punching arm they didn't
give me like infinity jumps and I find
that to be meat though a little unwieldy
yeah it's fine okay that gets an
official air from rich Evans
I'm not playing jack I have no idea what
the experience of using the punchy
infinite jump arm is sure sure you know
what that's fair enough Ridge one day
we're gonna get your computer up to
snuff it's gonna be great it's gonna be
great because then we can take turns
streaming maybe maybe maybe what the
next subscriber check yeah yeah I think
that's a great idea
I think we can do that
yeah let's see all right
I'm very much looking for I'd be able to
co-op in risk of rain I know I know you
I know you talked about trying that but
I know it runs like a slideshow on on my
computer for some of the higher levels
yeah I can't imagine trying to do
multiplayer at the same time would help
that problem you don't know no yeah
cause like and I was planning on a risk
of rain just cuz this game is very much
like risk of rain but also you know
we'll just see what else because what we
want to do we can do whatever we can do
whatever we want all the time yeah I
won't be getting a Mac check because
most all of my old games are Mac games
right no and you know rich you know I
have a Mac because for a long time
well I mean I like max a lot but also
for a long time I was a final cut editor
which ran Max and I'm not a final cut
editor anymore but now I'm just into the
Mac kind of I'm into the Mac lifestyle
the Mac world
mm-hmm so now I'm hooked I'm hooked on
all things Mac in fact Oh see this is a
problem I'm not by my keyboard anymore I
have my microphone before my keyboard is
and in this game I need to press e to
pick up Ling's I want that aim thing
back that was a great item
well don't die what's what's the problem
don't die don't die I just need to get
good and then I'll be fine there we go
now we're rocking it rocking it rocking
it robots
get out again yeah I say that a lot I
say get out of here a lot working on
that I'm working on all the little
things that I say to keep some sort of
like audio going yeah because that's
really what I'm doing I I would like to
get Linux just so I don't have to deal
with Microsoft anymore because I don't I
don't trust microsoft at this point I
mean it seems like they want to make
tablet operating systems and I don't
want that on my PC that's a bad idea so
I don't know if steam is valve still
doing their steam box thing is that dead
no no steam box is is still technically
happening technically what happened it's
like it's in forever beta you know like
it likes like steam it will be ready
whenever steam feels it's ready and not
a moment sooner cuz fuck y'all because
steam is a bunch of idiots and they want
to give you like quality products as of
right now there is no official release
to the to an official steam box you can
get a Linux machine and run the steam OS
but steam will release it when they are
good and ready to and they don't want to
release it until they have their
controller figured out all right well my
only thinking there is I think once that
happens
cuz that's that's gonna run the same
games that they you plan PC right pretty
much any it is it's it's gonna be pretty
much seamless the steam you know on a PC
and Steam on a steam box right well you
know like right now the games you can
see what runs on Linux cuz the steam box
will be Linux based yeah but I mean
basically anything that would run on
Linux you could you could run on the
steam box right oh yeah it'll just be
Linux oh absolutely
I'm thinking once the steam boxes up
there would be encouragement for for
games to come out on
absolutely and if I had a PC of that no
I guess it's not it is still PC when it
runs Linux here's the thing I know
Windows is considered PC whatever
Windows is considered even all PC means
is personal computer ok ok so a desktop
running Linux you'd probably be fine
with games if if more things are coming
out on Linux because of because of the
steam box yeah horribly inarticulate way
to say that that's what happens when I
try to talk you mean magic happens
absolutely I'm interested in this steam
box it looks I don't care at all you
don't care no no I'm vaguely curious
about their newfangled controller but I
doubt it over place a mouse and keyboard
for me
no shooters no it's it's one of those
things where people people are gonna use
what they already want to use yeah which
is fine by the way which is kind of the
great thing about PC gaming is you get
to make that decision for yourself right
people who complain about me using your
controller I make light of that but yeah
you can use the controls what I really
don't care
oh yeah no it's fun it's fun you know
what fair enough I'll take that
I will take that here out of here shit
mate
that's gonna have to change there's no
there is no controller option for
picking up items so every time I pick up
an item I have to hit the e button which
is now on the other side of my mic stand
because because I wanted to test out a
new microphone so make sure that people
can hear me there's my aimer is got my a
Mima bop which I love
feel like we're gonna rock this you got
your a Mima bop back I got my a meme a
bop my laser pointer here you'll die any
minute now pretty much how do you get
help from this tiny little there's
little like boxes that get like oh here
I just went you'll see in a second a
little box dropped and I popped it open
and gave me a help thing okay there's
little boxes
I unlocked I unlocked a TNT launcher
what do I get to use it now um
apparently not unlocked it so maybe it
happens randomly when you're shoot oh
sure sure
oh no I think like I get it now I think
it's just I've unlocked an option the
option of playing rock monster if I
already made a b-52s joke I'm pretty
sure I have it was a rock mobster going
down down down down down
enjoy the b-52s an ironically I
absolutely love rock lobster as he
should it's a great song it is a great
song b-52s in general they know what's
up Love Shack something-something don't
know the lyrics I'm horrible I'm
horrible with if you say a fan it's
signed by the side of the road that says
15 miles to the that's good
I mean I was waiting for you to forget
in there with that it's the love shack
baby I've got me a Chrysler it seats
about 20 so hurry up and bring your
jukebox money that is that is a fine
impression yes yes I do a fine
rock lobster impression for a guy from
b-52s whatever his name is for and for
anyone wondering because I'm sure
there's at least a couple of you now is
saying why does Jack know so many of the
lyrics to Love Shack
one it's great song so that's not a
question because it's a great song - for
a long long time jack was a wedding DJ
so I've heard
Love Shack about a million times so I
just know all the words this seems like
a useful ability because that's what
happens when you are a wedding DJ you
play the same goddamn songs every single
goddamn week key button this is like a
new game for me is how I can press my e
button more efficiently
oh my god they're giving me all sorts of
jams now I'm just trying to think of
more lyrics to Love Shack I won't dwell
on it you know what I'm not gonna dwell
on it tin roof rusted that's what it
really is
oh shit don't die I feel like I'm doing
good this round I don't want to die
that's what I'm gonna try for it you're
not dying it's something I haven't tried
yet not dying
Oh silly Jack what I'm just commenting
say oh okay what do you want out of me
god damn it I mean some colour calm I'm
here I'm here aren't I you are you are
and I really appreciate it I'm giving em
colour commentary and things that
happened a minute ago yeah that'd be
that'd be really helpful and just blew
up that thing anything Jim's lying all
over the place
that thing just blew up that anything no
Jim's lying all over the place that's
the worst commentary ever this game
really does not does not need a
play-by-play announcer no no then you
blew up that big gems all over the place
literally that's it you just need that
on a loop no gems all over the place oh
man that's really funny right I'm not
gonna back into the goddamn thing this
time
Oh God that did not kill me I'm really
happy about that is there anyone that
works at rlm that isn't in any of the
videos no which which is really our
problem because we don't we don't have
crew that's like it's like that one of
the last five was the last best of the
worst the one before it but there was
like an issue at jeiza audio through the
whole thing yeah that's because there
was nobody available to listen to the
sound and we had no idea that
Jays mic was on the fritz until after we
filmed the episode right this is a
constant problem yes does not help this
is a constant problem and I'm sure like
it's a hard problem for people to kind
of get their head around but it's you
know when you look at behind the scenes
things for movies and whatnot there's
like people all over the place now and
what is our stuff that's it's we're in
an empty room and everyone available is
usually I mean Mike and jr. are in
scenes of space combat the same time
they're directing the movie yeah now and
by the way not just directing a movie
because that happens all the time like
directors acts in movies yeah but like
so they're directing the movie they're
also setting up cameras setting up the
lights setting up the scene taking care
of craft services if there are other
actors like making sure that like actors
have rides there they're taking care of
everything all the little things that
you that normally like production
assistants or associate producers would
take care of that's all stuff J and Mike
do and rich and Jesse you know anyone
any one of us who's there at any time we
just take care of everything
okay we've gotten to the we've gotten to
the giant metal worm again do we do we
have craft services do you mean do you
mean Kraft macaroni and cheese that we
make ourselves afterwards yeah kind of
nice
it was okay you're backing a boss
alright you pay attention to the boss
and look at my a member of the Screen
Actors Guild no I can't act they let you
into the Screen Actors Guild no that's
not true at all Rich's bears got Kraft
served by the Patriots today that's very
true
nice that's also very funny oh oh my god
I somehow beat him if you get your movie
published like lenka Basinski does does
that pretty much guarantee more revenue
God did let me scroll read the rest of
that how are you even marketing space
can have well we're gonna do it like we
did our other movies we're marketing it
ourselves you just be able to buy it on
the website and I know another leg makes
all that much over his movies
I know years ago me and me and Mike made
that that oranges movie and that God
quote just distributed and I think we
made like five bucks there are low end
distributors that'll just you know buy
the rights to something and what'll be
am I gonna Walmart in a 40 pack yeah
fuck that's how we find all the best
movies you know what you know what might
be a terrible thing to say well I have I
have yet to see your oranges movie
that's fine you know that it's fine
thing that you haven't seen it I'd like
to see it there's parts of it that I
really like nah I really like I don't
know if it's in the movie or if it was
just like a web spin-off thing but the
the the lettuce pray she was nothing
that was very one
yeah can I think that's the zombie movie
the fruit zombies hmm that's in the
movie oh okay that's great
that's great so you said you made $5 on
that that's pretty exciting I know I
don't remember exactly what it was it
wasn't much it did not make back what
was spent on it yeah there is um
distribution deals there is something
that I keep hanging in my office at all
times
yep and it is a reminder to to be more
careful okay
hanging in my office Oh yep there it is
and so I can see it at all times is a
contract back when I was in a band we
met up with a guy who owned a record
label and he was putting out a
compilation and it was really exciting
cuz like he and he liked our music and
wanted to put our song on a compilation
we're like oh cool and you know for for
anyone who's into music you know that's
that's how it works sometimes you know
you you get this compilation from a
record label and that's how you discover
new music and we're like oh yeah that'd
be great he's like but what I'm asking
all the bands to do is kind of all the
bands pull together to help me put out
the compilation and then you know we all
split properties from it and you know
that's how that's how it works and you
know I was young at the time and thought
that it sounded like a killer deal a
record label wants to put out my music
even though I have to pay for it and so
we did it and the compilation is still
yet to come out and we find out later
that this guy was kind of a known
shyster in the indie local music scene
and this is what he would do he would
find young bands get them all to pitch
in money and then just never put out the
compilation yeah he was a scumbag
basically yeah yeah and
he would just wait until he found his
next batch of impressionable youngsters
and his trick was he never put an end
dates or a completion date on the
contract for the combination and so I
could call him right now and be like hey
what about that compilation and he would
still say yep I'm working on it even
though it's been you know years as long
as he says he's working on that's how
that's how he would do things so I make
sure to I make sure to keep that within
eyesight at all time to remind me of
some of those chapters that are out
there and to refine we have some of the
fun mistakes that I've made when I was
younger oh oh yes I can only imagine
it's it's much the same with with movie
distribution deals only hopefully
they're not as shady and where they're
making filmmakers pay for them but you
know yeah give me the rights to your
movie your movie will be able to be seen
in Walmart huh that's big and then once
we know what's they they always have a
line once I recoup the losses uh-huh
once I've recoup losses you'll be able
to split the profits
but recoup losses could mean anything
you know just a bunch of assholes out
there yeah a bunch of assholes rich
everywhere oh yeah I'm surrounded by
assholes no dickheads what was the
Spaceballs line Oh assholes are
dickheads are assholes
everyone's an asshole I'm surrounded by
assholes I knew it I'm surrounded by
assholes fathers to Nassau first first
major asshole yeah good stuff
so somebody asked now that we've we've
met land cab Basinski is it hard is it
harder to make fun of his movies now is
it weird to make fun of his movies - no
no once a nice guy no but his movies are
still one cameras in ski movies you know
and I don't see that changing anytime
soon which is a fine thing because I
enjoy when cameras in ski movies
absolutely yeah absolutely you know yeah
he's he was fine like we were talking
technical aspects of his movies when he
was there and you know sure we weren't
we probably weren't as harsh or
comically jokey about them but yeah the
man is aware of his movies and no no I
don't I won't find it any harder to make
fun of his movies for being exactly what
they are how self-aware is he of his
voice
um he he's that he's the wonderful level
of self-aware where he knows he
understands that they're not great he
does he thinks they're he I believe he
thinks they're better than there but
also this is something we talked about
before like we we've recently watched
some movies that were kind of at lens
budgetary level yeah and Warren is
enjoyable huh
Warren is enjoyable I said what are you
saying
they weren't the movies we watch that it
was yeah yes oh and you know like I was
hearing something way different no they
were not as enjoyable lens movies are
legitimately special mmm
and so like a lot you know we will sling
criticism at them but also there is
something very special in movies it's
the fight choreography it's the care
that he puts into it even at such an
incredibly low budget where that man
that man deserves a little bit of praise
and a little bit of grief and hopefully
we give them both
right that's all you got for yeah I'm
sure people have sought out his movies
since since he was on best of the work
yes and if they haven't they should they
really should
oh man curse of the wolf curse of the
wolf though you know we we talked about
this week which one is our favorite
warriors of the apocalypse is sure
something special it's a it's a that one
in particular I don't know that one our
kiss to the vampire fist the vampire
yeah I think they're all they're all
special in their own way Jack fist purse
maybe fist cuz fist introduce it ninja
prophecy of death was kind of yeah yeah
that was that was definitely minor
campus in ski to uh to use Jays coin a
phrase yeah but I think Vista the
vampire was the first time we we meet
man who can kind of read Ryan yes yes
amazing he is amazing and that that if I
see makes me feel good about myself and
camera that fight scene that they show
in the best of the worst episode is from
Fist of the vampire where it's just the
exact same tee shot good stuff
good good I needed something like that
that's great
somebody said this so Wendy go I went to
go on HBO Oh Natalie hey I don't believe
it I don't believe this
Wow rich it could have been it could
have been on a thing I don't know
HBO is still 24-hour Network they got
they have to fill time it can't all be
true blood that's just one day that's
when they show Shawshank again that was
it t and t that used to show that all
the time okay okay that's funny that's
that's the solution to any gap in your
programming do some shyster Shawshank
Redemption absolutely
and if I need a box rich you got damp
box troll 2 was on HBO troll 2 is troll
2 yes troll 2 is an infamous movie yes
there you go
maybe um was it wait and was it HBO
proper or was it like one of the like
HBO threes or whatever now there are
three HBO's no I had heard there's a
bazillion HBO's by now I haven't had any
version of HBO since I was a kid yeah
neither viable they are starting soon
though the HBO GO standalone app which
I'm very excited about because I enjoy a
lot of HBO's programming but I just have
to wait until it comes to Amazon or
whatever because I don't want to have to
pay for cable and then HP on top of it
but I'd pay I'd be a little money every
month to watch Game of Thrones okay
this is kind of thing I don't mind
catching up with that on DVD or
something at some point no I don't I
don't need to subscribe to HBO for that
three hours a month to raise episode of
of Game of Thrones sounds ridiculous
sure yeah I could see that I'm whistling
it's 38 $30 rental that you can only
watch and certain times
shit shit shit up against the big worm
again rich doesn't care if he's hip that
is very true I don't give a shit I dare
to be nerdy you do yeah you do and
that's what we like about you have you
beat this worm thing yet I'm working on
the one thing right now but have you
done it yet at all yeah yeah the last
time I beat it and then like the super
power that comes with beating the worm
apparently I didn't get to it in time
and so I missed it for the next levels
and I died like that level after the
worm okay he comes for the super power
of evil yeah you know you beat the big
boss and he got me this time oh he got
you you got me how long have we been
going nine hour and a half already I'm
sorry I'm I'm so sorry
don't make me play the all-star song
again because I know you will I know you
will
I just hope everyone noticed it got a
little bullet Hallie there towards the
end because it was a underwater stage
and so you know you kind of got to swim
a little bit mm-hmm I was mad dodging
some attacks you were I'm actually kind
of shocked you lost cuz I saw some of
that mad dodging yeah I was I'm gonna
give this one more going and we're gonna
take a little break all right all right
okay boy confirmed killed by worms yeah
I can't I can't be this worm
oh that's a good question someone is
asking what is a movie that you will
never watch on best of the worst but has
gotten lots of requests the room I don't
know if it's got a lot of requests but
that's one you know everybody knows
we've seen it before or some point in
doing it yeah
the room like as far as requests go I
don't pay much attention to requests in
the first place oh I'm not entirely sure
what all has been requested in the past
you know a lot of people requests a lot
of the same stuff your best chance to
get a movie watch some best of the worst
is to send it to us and hope it's
something we would be interested in
washing yes I think we've talked about
that before I feel like if you send us a
physical copy of something we are
exponentially more likely to watch or
play yes anything in because mostly
because we're lazy and if you don't send
it to us we just won't get around to
getting it
I'm trying to think of like what what
are the big requests I'm not I'm not
even sure he'd say the honest truth I
know a lot of people seems like they
request bigger movies right yeah at
least we could sleek incent bigger
movies and there's no way we're gonna
I'm trying to think of what what any of
them would be up top and I can't do it
so much craft gets sent to us so much
crap gets sent to us whenever they
typically if it was a big name Hollywood
release we're probably not going to do
it probably
II got it Oh oh good no I like that one
all right don't like that one what well
I thought that was the I thought that
was the magic make my aim better it was
not not gonna be a good run I can feel
it all right that's all right all right
yeah you know what that's such a good
question that I I can't give you a good
answer I'm really sorry as somebody's
mentioning tremors tremors one would
never be on best of the worst
tremors one would be on best of the best
tremors one is a great movie yeah yeah
that is see see if you're the kind of
person who would even suggest tremors
don't you don't get it you just you just
hopelessly don't get it it's really true
tremors is a great movie tremors is a
movie that understands exactly what it
is at all times
yeah it's not a it execute what it is
perfectly yes yeah and I think that's
that's the problem that we run into the
most with the stuff people send in is
like you know how many copies of like
you know Jerry Maguire I know like this
is a bad movie it's like well that's not
really what we're doing so
but that's fine that's fine we'll still
take it and donate it will donate it to
Goodwill in your honor
cuz they could use a couple more copies
of Jerry Maguire much like we could use
a couple more copies in Newquay don't
know if you guys are up on the whole new
key situation but we're short a couple
copies of new key before we can make our
grand new key plan happens that's not
even funny it's so funny it's not even
funny every cent that say you you were
Jay every stream I know it's no
crocodile brain is no I mean but what is
lion brain don't you know the lessons of
life eggs I've never learned the lessons
of life this is my this is my exact
problem wrench say would we ever watch
some of Ed Wood films I'm so Ed Wood
films you know maybe maybe there's a
classic I mean too well-known
maybe I don't know typically typically
go pretty obscure interesting well this
is the worse is all about discovering
things we didn't know about yeah for the
most part well the other reason we try
to go obscure is to make sure that none
of us had seen it before because that's
important yeah as far as like getting
our genuine reaction to stuff where if
one of us had seen it or if enough of us
had seen it and probably most of us have
seen all of Ed Wood stuff
good questions though these are good
questions I like this I like where this
is going I like what your lion brains
are coming up with you guys are not
being crocodile brides and by the way
we're in the same boat that lion brains
is good right and crocodile brains is
bad no no we're on the same boat because
a lion a brain is like a crocodile brain
oh I guess that's true in my in my head
crocodile brain is worse like you don't
want to be a crocodile brain you want to
be a lion brand me personally I would
choose lion brain but sure that's only a
human brain is not available right which
it was when I was born fortunately I had
human brain congratulations
still trying to figure out what I got
I'm sort of reptilian something but
they're both bad they're both bad in
context of the comment yes because they
look lion brain like lion brain that
means he's calling you a lion brain
movie nice car look crocodile brain yeah
look crocodile which is which is like a
lion brain and both of them are bad
because they only run on instance we
know what he meant to say right we
absolutely did that's that's not as
funny here's what he actually said no
Batman created some gold he created some
gold and he didn't even know it I know I
know and he was ashamed of it after the
fact as he should have been
the weigh-in with you if they were smart
he'd milk this the 15 minutes of fame
you know I mean he has a let e play
channel yeah that I will not forgive him
for if you if you mistype your YouTube
username that needs that needs some more
attention the fact that he has a let e
play channel they're asking me to read
the comment oh you here's please here's
here's the thing I actually don't have
it memorized because whenever I try to
say it my brain automatically starts
correcting it so I've tried doing it and
it's more coherent which is not as funny
every every single time you you
correctly say stuff it's really funny
mm-hmm it's really funny the alien
doesn't have eyesight yeah you stupid
fat skinny fucks it's pure instance look
crocodile brain like Y and brain don't
play the game uninstall it this is where
I get foggy this is where it goes right
in a don't don't about things you don't
like is that yeah don't don't about
things you don't like
do you know lessons of life talk about
things you do like twat
apparently a bunch of our fans from
across the pond are upset with how we
pronounced what oh you know gotta help
I'm not gonna say 20 desserts just
sounds weird to out twenties what is it
it's what it's twat like what what what
I agree with you I'm just I'm just
relaying as I moderated our YouTube
comments that was one of the biggest
ones as people were really upset with
how you said lot but I love it twat I
love how you say Dada I think it's
hilarious and also the correct way to
said shit I'm gonna die right here I'm
gonna die right fucking here
look crocodile brain like it's like
you're a lion brain
don't don't about things you don't like
do you know things of life reasonable
version like listen up you dumb fat
skinny twats you're you're you're doing
my poetry slam for sure we had a couple
different ways we wanted to do that I
wanted to do Rich's angry read because I
thought that was like the feeling of the
comment there was anger in the comment
and rich wanted to do like a beatnik
poetry reading we went my way only
because we couldn't get the props in
time to do it Rich's way you'd need a
Bray a turtleneck and a stage set yeah
like a stage and like a little mic stand
and I install it and you give me some
clicks yeah I sure you want you wanna do
it a lien doesn't have I say skinny Fox
it's your instance look crocodile brain
like line they're going don't play the
game
stop don't don't be modern stuff you
don't like you know talk about stuff you
know that's great
Haley I'm here now that's good I think
and that would have been funny as well
but we yeah we just didn't have the set
in time yeah oh they're there they're
snapping and clapping for you
