FTL: Faster Than Jack Part 1
August 3, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_mWbPNdg104

I think I need to quit now and play it
again I'm gonna get it for you guys I
swear that's where the feed is coming
and it's gonna be a little tricky for a
second there we go this is what I want
alright so now we need to take this and
go properties and say FTL and say okay
go back to FTL there you go now you can
see the glory that is keep screen
setting yes the glory that is FTL oh man
hey bazooka thanks for coming out I
appreciate it
Well I'm just gonna make sure that this
shows up on the stream real quick there
it is okay great alright new game
oh no this doesn't have any of my what
why doesn't this have my my save on it
oh well I guess we're starting over from
scratch this does not have my Steam save
on it so we're just starting over well
let's just try a normal run then oh fuck
it
ah this is awful I had a whole bunch of
ships unlocked Jack will you describe
every mechanic in this game and great
detail for any newcomer to this game PI
460 I'm pretty sure that's sarcasm but I
will try anyway first thing we should do
though is we can rename our crew members
so Mario Mario is the first subscriber
that I see dick the birthday boy of
course
koosy d the bday boy I see I see you and
O Kiran
of course Kiran who had me watch two
best friends play k yr e n n hey why are
you and then there we go
name them all Jim I will next time when
I get more crewmembers I will just name
them after subscribers and and that's
how it's gonna work so these are
literally just the first pizza rolls
that I saw we're going to advance
edition content is enabled we're gonna
try a normal run and I only get one ship
because apparently this doesn't have any
my safe so the way this works is really
easy the data you carry is vital for to
the remaining Federation fleet you'll
need supplies for your journey so make
sure to explore each section before
moving on to the next but get to the
exit before the pursuing rebel fleet can
catch up tip choices results of most
choices have multiple outcomes so you
can never be sure what will happen so
basically as you see here we have a
captain we have someone in the weapons
room we have someone in the engineering
room we fly around space collect
resources and fight battles it is
the best and we have all these little
systems and you press you know all these
little system management malarkey
shenanigans and isms let's go let's get
out of here can we jump already why
can't we jump
Oh cuz it's paused I'm so good at this
game okay let's jump so here's a
distress signal we can fly to all these
beacons and these are all points that we
can fly to it eventually you'll see the
ripple fleet is following us and we need
to make our way to the exit but we need
to hit as many of these dots as we can
but before we go to the exit so let's
start here my plan is to kind of do this
and work our way down so I'll go here
first and we'll see if we get anything
awesome oh man if I could do the audio
book for wool that would make my day
wool is a great great book you detect a
rebel Scout on the attack on the attack
approach to a small refueling outpost
their weapons are charged but they're
not firing yet so now we get to choose
do we intervene and defend the outpost
or probably the conflict we
motherfucking intervene so the great
thing about this game is you can pause
it at any time and freeze time and
really think about your decisions I can
see that they have a couple of weapons
right here and right here I can see
their rooms so they have a weapon room
engine room shield room oxygen room this
is a cloning bay and this is their
piloting room so the very first thing
I'm going to do is take my Artemis laser
here and/or my Artemis missile and fire
it at their shields
and try to take down their shields and
we're gonna see what happens
okay who's fired on us you ain't got
nothing shields are down so now I can
take my first laser fired at their
weapons boom and guess what now they
can't do shit so now I'm not even gonna
worry about my Artemis anymore because
you have up here you see you have a
limited number of missiles boom this is
gonna be a nice easy victory they got
noise shields they got no weapons so now
we just need to make sure that they can
to run away so I'm gonna take out their
engines boom and we win
everything's great so every time you win
you get certain things this is fuel we
got to fuel we got to drawing parts and
we got 14 scrap and scrap is like the
money of this universe and because we
saved the outpost whoo outpost we get
more fuel than North Grafton hooray for
everything also later on you can move
your guys to different rooms and we'll
get their love for now we're gonna keep
them all oh I think david deida bjboys
name isn't showing up because there
isn't enough space sorry D to be de boi
so let's jump to our next thing let's go
let's hit this distress signal and see
what's going on over there
alright you arrive at the distress
beacon near a small asteroid belt and
find a ship with a pirate marketing
potentially cracked crushed between two
large rocks it must have been illegally
mining the belt without proper equipment
one try to dislodge the ship by shooting
at the rocks to destroy and loot the
ship they're just pirates so you know we
get some moral choices and I'm gonna go
hardcore here and destroy and loot the
ship fuck pirates
all right here it is see this red line
right here this is the rebel fleet and
if we ever are on this side of this red
line it's a pain-in-the-ass fight and so
we don't ever want to be that here's
another distress signal let's go there
you have encountered a refugee shipped
ship drifting in space it looks as if it
was fleeing the rebel advance and ran
out of fuel
it's distress beacon is active but
you're not sure anyone is on board
let's hail them the vessel is relieved
to hear from you they are running low on
supplies they suggest a trade they will
give me for fuel if I give them three
missiles I I'd want to do this because
fuel later on in the game fuel is very
important to have so I can deal with
lack of missiles for now so I think my
plan is gonna be to go here here here
here here here to the exit I went out
I'm gonna tempt fate here I try to stick
to Oh actually I just realized was
something I should do I should update
the broadcast VTOL
you don't
eat oh yeah
master that might update great just in
case anyone that's paying attention to
this dream now is updated okay you will
come across a space station under
construction you receive a message from
the air command tower greetings we
recently lost contact with a cargo ship
that was set to deliver more
construction materials could you help us
figure out what happened to them
sure I'll offer some help I've added a
marketer their last known coordinates so
I get some fuel and I get some missiles
just for saying I'll help I don't
actually have to help but yeah I could
probably do that all right let's get the
F out of here before that red line gets
any closer you stumble across a foreign
scout of the rebel fleet they are
powering up their FTL if they get away
they will no doubt warn the fleet of
your position okay shit is getting real
so I need to wait for my weapons to
charge up here it was the Artemis
there's first lasers so we're gonna take
out their shield and then the first
thing I'm going to do is take out their
engine because I don't want them to run
away
there we go so now I'm gonna cool it
with the missiles because their shield
and their engine is down now I'm gonna
concentrate on their weapons all they
ain't got nothing you know they ain't
got nothing on don't prepare Gummer
perdón perdón bear boom these bees why
is Jack so dashing I don't know let's
get the FTL out of here
that's it okay their ship four breaks
apart and you are relieved to know that
you're still one step ahead of the fleet
oh we got some fuel we got a missile we
get some scrap and we get reconstructive
teleport let's find out what that is
entire augments here oh that is an
amazing augment any time we teleport the
crew they get fully healed I will I love
that so now we have some scrap distress
quest one of these spots will be a store
that we can use our scrap to buy some
shit or else we can upgrade here which I
might want to do upgrade the shield
system or I Fairley's give me another
power bar here so I can upgrade our our
engine here
let's let's play a little dangerous here
here
once you arrive your screen lights up
with warnings a nearby pirate seems to
have advanced hacking tools and they
have tried to shut down your engines the
crew manages to keep them barely
operational and you move in to attack oh
good thing we bought that extra engine
thing hells bells let's let's Artemis
their shields oh but that won't do
nothing because they have their special
newfangled when they have that green
shield it's like a bonus shield oh fuck
so we have a fire here I paused it which
is the great thing you have a fire which
is obviously no good I could send a guy
in to get in their way
okay I gotta send him I gotta get it
okay you go take care of that fire
so I regular click on him and left click
on the area I want him to go
I Artemis the shields and burst laser
the weapons there we go
easy peas this isn't working so here's
our other tactic for putting out fires
is you can actually open up the doors to
space and take all the oxygen out of
that room and then I'll do a really good
job of putting out the fires alright
don't want to waste missiles all I have
a limited number of missiles so we have
our burst system here what should we do
good got it
plug in got him I close all doors get
the acts are gonna flown back in here
and we're doing it they have a Zoltan
azole Ron shield DAC is gonna do him a
check is gonna do it's true I know my
could turn off the medbay power
I suppose I should have waited I mean
you're probably right this is why I
don't do that well all the time but I
say fuck it we get you we got to get in
there that's the real thing gotta get in
there all right let's get in there need
the BJP bday okay well you know what
there's B there is I need a name here
because I didn't have a name and that
but really bothered me all right
the stress someone might need help we're
here to help you guys you've encountered
a refugee ship drifting in space it
looks as if it was fleeing the rebel
advances let's while in Salem a slug
ship jumps into the system it was
hunting the refugee ship for sport and
now they found you instead well thug
with a they have an ion cannon and a
laser so they might be able to fuck up
our shit let's see if we can just burst
laser them if we burst laser their
weapons we might be able to yeah there
we go you ain't got nothing slugs I
don't want to waste missiles missiles
are valuable resource
there we go shields down weapons are
down so now we can really fuck with them
because they're not gonna hit us and
with it looks like I have a fire going
too so I'm gonna fuck with their oxygen
and let's just see if we can kill them
dare hold on I think if I go in here I
can see inside the ship yeah so now they
don't have any oxygen and they are
slowly dying and I don't have a med bay
either so yeah I know get shields up do
it just see if we can fuck with them for
a little bit and like deplete them of
oxygen this is a elite strategy because
if you um oh I guess that's the other
thing is if you can kill the crew
without destroying the ship you get a
greater scrapple reward and because I
have their oxygen turned off I actually
might be able to kill them unless he
goes in there they have both of their
weapons up now yeah fucking oh and I
missed it might actually get me
area all right well fuck it
the refugee ship claims this love
they've been hounding them since they
left their homeworld as a gesture of
goodwill and seeing how effectively
dispatch the enemy ship they offer up
what supplies they can great so we got
some shit let's fix our ship that was
kind of a dumb move I should have just
killed them right away but sometimes
it's fun to do the metagame
what's a good question the Christmas
vacation to have said what oh I missed
the question guys I'm very sorry I did
it I got greedy I don't care I don't
care that I got greedy
I wanted that scrappy oh there's the
store so the question is kind of go here
here here here yeah I can totally do
that let's see if we can get some more
scrap and get to that store got to
attack the automated ship fucking
hacking just gotta get that wolf fuck go
get that out of here
I'd fix our accident number one most
important this purple thing here is a is
a new thing it's a hacking and kind of
renders our pilot useless I don't want
to use missiles just yet and I don't
think I have to they're gonna take care
of their hacking at least and the
weapons are down this is an automated
ship so there's no one on board to fix
it so I can just kind of chip away here
which is very nice it does fix itself
automatically but very slowly let's get
our guy back here where he belongs there
we go
easy peasy y'all easy peasy
your map has been updated with details
of the surrounding area and we get some
scrap that's great and it's great how's
everyone doing on health good the
possible ship possible ship and a nebula
here will make fleet pursuit slower but
will disrupt your sensors I want to do
that so I want to go here to make the
fleet's
slower then I can go to the store go to
the quest and right to the exit that is
going to be my plan oh and yes this
absolutely has a sweet soundtrack
I hope you all can hear it a black
market weapons trader spins you a tale
of the dangers of the nebula before
pushing its wares purchase an unknown
weapon 445 scrap roof this is a good
question here
purchase don't do it attack get the
undoing weapon see listen to you guys do
it do it do it purchase purchase okay I
see enough purchases I'm gonna purchase
it Oh Hermes missile I don't care about
the Hermes missile ah damn it
well let's see I can always sell it at
the store
let's see what we got here
who the flak cannon love the flak cannon
and a crew member what kind of cell that
sheet for excel at 4:20 to sell you for
19 I think I want to do that I want to
sell or me to sell my Artemis buy the
flak cannon absolutely flat cannon is a
great weapon and oh I wish I had enough
for enough for a guy but I don't and I
have plenty of fuel and I want that
teleporter for later so I'm gonna hold
on to my reconstructive teleporter even
though I could get rid of it now and get
a guy but I think I'm good I think I'm
good close all right so now what do I
need flak cannon needs to so I need one
more Madhu ger in my weapons and I get
you know
I should pay more attention to that I
still have a store right here do I need
now that's the question is do I need to
sell or can I can I beat someone with
just a laser this is the question can I
beat someone with just a laser we're
gonna go for it we're gonna go to that
quest we're gonna we're gonna try to do
something really stupid you find the
missing cargo ship floating near the
beacon thank heavens we've been drifting
here after using the last of our fuel to
escape a pirate raid they want for fuel
I have 23 I have a lot of fuel let's
give it to him sure excellent so now
that will give me enough to buy another
weapon slot which means if I take away
the Health Bay I have both the flat
cannon and the burst laser - incredibly
powerful weapon said yes yes
yes why is the teleporter overpowered
it's not overpowered teleporter is great
because you can send your guys to the
other ship and kill the other crew so
you can get a greater scrap reward I
don't think it's overpowered I think
it's really balanced because there's a
great risk and sending your guys to the
airship well that was a worthless Triana
all right here we go
all right long reign be hidden from it
all right well shit all right nothing
nothing
ng controlled or uncharted and M pilla
well let's go ng control I really
dislike the nebulas they mess with all
your shit alright let's do this you do
nothing from there here so let's go here
alright here we go
we're doing it we're getting in there
the ng are awaiting you at the begin
with their weapons online they explain a
computer virus that is wanted for
hostile acts against the ng multiple
counts of binary scrambling nano this is
a board your vessel they insist they
must destroy your ship to prevent the
virus from escaping hold on let's try to
purge the system code oh wow
shit now a lot of shields and the ng are
attacking well fuck fuck okay black is
online first laser in online so flak
what are we gonna fight flak the shields
as soon as their shields are down
we flak their weapons are we lazer their
weapons there we go okay that's
something that's something fucking out
doesn't matter that our shields are head
they're down
Oh Diane is off the fuck you
humming this is a dumb battle don't have
shields come on get on get on get on
line
okay flak flak your shields good laser
excellent excellent
this pausing is really important in this
game and for actually for the longest
time I did not know you could pause but
pausing is really great for timing so
you know we flak their shields and as
the second their shields come down we
hit their weapons and that did nothing
because I didn't fly your shields good
enough fucking hell I relax online and
alright flak for shields there we go
one more hit one more hitting her down
we got this we got this flak is online
personalized open
yes we got it we fucking got it we got
it
with the ship destroyed you detect that
the virus has abandoned your ship and
disappeared somewhere within the system
of the wreckage
it will likely in fact whatever India
patches and passes next body your
mission is too vital to risk reinfecting
by stopping it that's true all right we
got some scrap get our motherfuckin
shields back online err except shields I
need and we need some more crew members
this is the real thing we need some crew
members in here to fix our ship area get
back in your weapons Bay now all of your
people by the way the more the longer
they're in their rooms the more
experience they gain and so Kiran is our
weapons guy as you see there they're
gaining experience and so it's it's
vital to keep them in their rooms the
longest amount of time oh we got some
stories but we don't have any much scrap
so we don't want to go to the stores
yeah let's see if we can hit some of
these outlaying ones before we hit a
store
prepare your shield deal I did yo you
pick up a distress call from a civilian
ship we're being chased by a mantis
gotta aid the civilian here we go here
we go I got this
mantis mantis ain't nothin I got this
black bursts Evanson black we're gonna
do the same thing flag for shields laser
their weapons boom and they've
officially got nothing
black is one of the greatest weapons
ever boom seems the crew did not survive
this all that you take what you can
great I love those missions because that
means double scrap bonus y'all angel
what did he done do a Paragon makes a
good point like they only the people in
their rooms only gain experience when
they do something and so for example
your weapons person will only gain
experience when they fire a weapon and
hit someone your engine's person will
only gain experience if you can dodge an
attack same with your piloting person so
it was an oversimplification of me to
say the longer they're in the room like
you can't just leave them in the room
and have them do nothing they have to do
something in their room to gain
experience but the overall lesson of
keeping them in the same room at their
computer desk for long periods of time
okay I think what I'm gonna do here is
I'm gonna hit this on visit oh I can do
even that well I'm gonna hit this on
visited location first I want to hit
these stores as late as I possibly can
to get this scrap number up as high as I
can you are immediately contacted by a
settlement hello travelers your ship
seems to be outfitted for combat to care
to take up a bit of a mercenary work
some of our friends have taken to piracy
in the recent chaos of the war we'd like
you to convince them of their poor
decision by severely damaging their ship
we'll pay you as long as you don't kill
them all sure just be sure not to blow
them up
all right well sure what the fuck we'll
see if we can do this they have a flat
cannon and a laser as well but I think
we have better laser than they have
prepare those weapons Oh Oh
that's devastating - maybe I need to
rethink my maybe I need to rethink my my
strategy and hit him with a laser first
in the flak cannons second that seems to
work really well let's let's give that a
try
okay first laser first and we'll hit
their oxygen from that will fuck them up
it has seemed to do pretty well hey they
hail your ship saying you win we're not
cut out for this yeah let's let them win
pirates dissuaded from their career path
you return to the settlement thank you
Oh a twenty seven scrap and a whole beam
nice nice
that's pretty great that's pretty great
Hall right there all right I'm gonna hit
up this door now before I regret it you
scrap ours our weapons for you what oh
okay oh great okay Oh double flag Canada
two of all flak cannon could you imagine
the hell we would raise if we had a
devil flag
an iron blast
sell the whole beam for 35 to flagons we
could really you never go double flat
handed what are you talking about I mean
oh I'm definitely gonna get his old on
curve by the way you should know that
Zoltan crew see these green guys they
give you a free a free green point for
having them in a room so I'm definitely
gonna get his old on crew let's see here
crema D or Scott neither of them have
any skills so I'm gonna get Scott
definitely so that's out of the way
definitely getting his all-time career
sell the haul be manned by a crew member
go full retard Anna good to go flat
cannon it's like an ion blast would be
really nice too
yeah I definitely don't need the whole
beam I definitely agree with that
all right let's fix some I want to save
some of these jams I want to see if I
can get a another shield boost but at
least get us back into the green there
we go
let's see what we can do to the ship
here what do we need for shield twenty
thirty so we need 50
and to bars I definitely don't have
enough for that I could just uh power
evade I could up some of this Jam
I could do that just uh power up our
auto evading up our doors all right you
get into shields that's what you're
gonna do and octo J octo J you are the
first subscriber who I saw octo je Dunn
octo J is our new shields coordinator
really happy to have him know do Aflac
it's this Margaret I did I didn't need
it like I will destroy so many ships
just having the laser and the flak that
I didn't need it that was right do Aflac
would have been overkill
all right no use in going to the store
because I don't have any scrap here we
go let's see what we can do even though
each individual ng is made up of
trillions of nanomachines their culture
still revolves around traditional social
interactions a nearby station seems to
be constructed for entertainment of
passing into travelers oh that's it
there's no
octo J yes you are in charge of the
shield do you have a heavy you have a
burden of responsibility on you just
heal up Kiran there we go
Karen gets over here now
let's uh save current career positions
okay all right let's go to this distress
and see if we can help some
motherfuckers out
hey you motherfuckers you arrived at a
distress beacon near a small asteroid
belt and find a ship with a pirate
markings partially crushed between two
large rocks it must have been illegally
mining guess what we're destroying your
ass all right well you guys are flogged
so now we're gonna try our new we're
gonna try their strategy of burst lasers
first and then flacking so that's his
first laser and then flak and see if
that yields yeah I wasn't thrilled with
that I'll be honest with ya so he's not
thrilled with that
still got weapons I did a number on our
ship though I'll tell you what nope
you're gonna die
well I've fucked up our hull something
mighty well Oh for anyone who doesn't
know once all these colored bars go down
you're fucked
the game's over I'm going to take my
Zoltan here and have my Zoltan repair
everything because you get much like
leveling up everything else you can
level up your repair efficiency your
repair speed and so I like to just
choose one person and that that will be
our super repairer
and I would like that person to be in
shields so let's get our medbay on here
this is the kind of thing resource
management took one away for engines to
power our med base so I can heal our
result on friend
after he repairs our doors all right
heal up everyone else seems to be doing
good octo Jay master of shields April I
love you says where does my $4.99 go if
I subscribe it goes right here it goes
to the stream it goes to previously
recorded you know we will take that
money we'll spend it on games we'll
spend it on production we will spend it
on making previously recorded better so
that's that's where the money goes from
twitch it goes right back into the video
game show so if you enjoy it
think about it and of course then you
get a pizza roll and all of the cool
emoticons then you get to be a cool kid
and isn't that what everyone wants all
right go here here here here here we'll
try that
try to hit as many of these spots as
possible
what April I love you I can't believe I
convinced you of that thank you thank
you for subscribing I really do
appreciate it rich and I started doing
this video game show and we're really
happy with all the support we've been
getting even after the sonic episode so
thank you
all right you arrived just in time to
see an unusually well armed engine ship
destroying a small pirate craft a
teleporter signal is detected intruder
on deck a young mantis in a charred
uniform has teleported onto your deck he
begs for a sanctuary from the engi and
offers to serve in exchange for your
protection the engi have already traced
the teleporter signal and are offering a
deal in exchange for the prisoner this
is actually this is good so we either
get a crew member and fight the ng ship
which we need we need a crew member or
we agree to hand him over and possibly
get some shit what do we do what do we
do I'll tell you what we do side with
the fugitive that's what we do because
we need some more crew members up in
here because eventually I'm gonna get a
teleporter all right you ain't got
nothing
FLAC on first okay so we are going to
flag the shields there they go
laser the weapons yes
that's that's a great strategy they
can't do nothing about that strategy now
we're just gonna fuck with them a little
bit flag the shields and take the
engines out boom
fucking hell fucking hell that's great
console field got some scrap and got a
new member to the team and mantas are
really good at fighting which you know
that's great so we're gonna put the
Mantis here we got a new member and as
it so happens
April I love you is the first person I
see so as a new subscriber April April I
April I is our new chief of security so
I'm gonna send this mantis out to beat
up any bad guys that come and get us
hold the pickles has questions about
subscription I don't know exactly um if
you're just watching through your iPhone
there might be a subscribe button there
might not be it can be monthly or it can
be just a one-time fee like if you just
want to pay five bucks once that's what
you do or it's a monthly renewal that is
your choice but you'll probably have to
go online
twitch comm slash previously recorded to
underscore live and you can subscribe
they're not necessary but appreciated
there is a twitch app it's it's a it's a
really nice app for watching stuff I do
wish they would upgrade the twitch app a
little more on the Creator side I'm
hoping for a little more something I as
a as a twitch partner there's very
little I can do with the app
unfortunately all right let's go okay
let's get to our next destination here
here we go we're going
all right you're greeted by a rare sight
a mantis ship that appears in not to
have noticed you they only have one
shield so I'm gonna say fuck it let's
attack them and because our head of
security is now in the camera room we
can actually see all the people in that
this is gonna be very helpful later when
I get a teleporter and we didn't
teleport people over there all right so
we're just gonna use same strategy we've
been using that's been working black the
shields and as soon as the shields are
down laser the weapons boom ah that's
great
flak burst laser we got crazy lucky
getting this
black
they done they don't even they don't
even stand a chance you guys they don't
even stand a chance
oh my god we didn't name the ship
can we still rename the ship
we can't it's just the Castro I forgot
to rename the ship you guys I can't
believe we did that are you saying yeah
I talking about the patreon that's cool
that's the real thing with the patreon
any anyone who does a patreon and you
know I know like Jay Mike and thought
about it for a while but it's like the
ability to speak directly to the fans
and to have the fans directly support
them without going through a system like
YouTube or blip and having to worry
about ads is really really awesome I
think now we can get our second tier XI
oh my god we have a fire you guys we
have a fire we need to be cool about
fire safety here so I just opened the
side doors let the air and let the air
out blown out there we go
fuck dealt with now we have two shields
for them to get through which is great I
can probably hit this up and then get
the exits oh I'm gonna do that that's
the really important thing about this
game hit as many of the dots as you can
before you exit no well I was just kind
of a waste then wasn't it
now here's the tough one or it's like
can I hit this and then hit the exit
before they get there I think I can I'm
gonna try to do that I'm gonna try to
hit this and get the exit before they
get there with their red line let's do
it let's do it let's do it an
unidentified ship is badly damaged and
is still being assaulted by a space
pirate the victim begins a distress
message until the pirate cuts off and
offers to split the bounty with you if
you sit tight hmm I get tense crap f
okay let's attack pirates this is a bad
call I can tell you that right away but
I say fuck it we got the two shields I'm
feeling kind of overconfident right now
with our flak burst laser
and ok it did alright couple the flax
missed but that's alright that's alright
we still have our shields I took down
one of their weapons boom
more generous offer that's a lot more
fuel a couple more scrap I don't really
have missiles right now that fuel could
be nice though
six fuel
take the birthday boy you're right I've
Mike talked about this before new shirts
are on the way and I think I haven't
even seen them yet but I do hear the new
t-shirts new rlm t-shirts are on the way
yeah you know what I'm not a poster kind
of guy either octo J don't worry about
the posters kid glasses I like glasses I
I mean I didn't pay for the glasses but
I really like bringing out my my best of
the worst to the pint glass at parties
and people asking me what it is okay the
glasses those are more fun just have a
sign a piece of paper we can do that I
am going to reject their offer and
continue the assault because I want to
be a hero
I need a hand man enough are here to the
end in the night yes take that pirate
Oh 31 scrap yes oh yes Jack made the
right call look at this look at this
because we helped someone almost in the
entirety of our hull up here has been
repaired and that is super nice mmm
fuck yes fuck yes
will I sign will we sign go I mean we
will sign the glasses but I don't think
you want that like I said you know we'll
tell us to assign a like a little piece
of paper and we'll sign a little piece
of paper for you all right excellent
let's get the heck out of here oh you
come across a large tradestation however
as soon as you approach a warning goes
off to all ships in the region do not
associate with the Federation
sympathizer all who oppose the rebels
will be punished
let's search among the store nope fine
I'm okay with a fight oh they can't hurt
me at all they can't hurt me at all
I'm not even gonna worry about it they
have to beam weapons which don't cut
through shields so I'm perfectly fine I
can just sit here and fire at them
willy-nilly until they disappear which
I'm gonna do
you are right - Rory Tate I do need to
account better for the time it takes
both the laser and the flak to get to
the ship flak cannons are a newer weapon
so I'm still getting used to the timing
but you are correct I need to get better
at my timing the ship explodes leaving
behind a substantial collection of
useful scrap material huh
fucking ha great I feel really good
about this okay we're gonna jump to the
next sector and you know what my
overconfidence is gonna take us to the
rock controlled sector I think that's my
plan is rock nebula civilian civilian
civilian hostile let's go to rock let's
go to rock night folks
trout 9k thanks for coming out all right
here's what we're gonna do guys what
time is it
oh my god it's 11:40 we're gonna take a
break geeks only I welcome you you came
just in time for us to take a little
break I won't run a commercial because
I've already run the several commercials
tonight but I just need to refill my
water and and then we will continue to
play more so listen to the sweet jams of
FTL while I go get some water
