One Chance - for Bauman
August 20, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EwpsxRm2CX8

and welcome back to Jack and socks
smooth jazz
well back to boring game radio oh shit
everything's ok alright nobody likes
gunpoint that's game shape ok what is
this game called one chance we're doing
this live guys I'm getting one chance on
on new ground stuff yes is what that's
it that's what I believe one chance see
if we can make this bigger bigger and
more ads yeah
I know how the streams web-based games I
don't know hey I don't know either
I'm just getting a stream ready l can
can we only play in this little screen I
don't want to click play can you make a
little there not this window well the
whole window gets bigger there's a
little bit bigger too no I played it in
full screen okay so maybe we can do that
once we get that I'm going to click Play
J you might want to come over here okay
I'm ready okay it says in six days every
single living cell on planet earth will
be dead you have one chance you don't
see it yet because I'm waiting to see if
there's a full screen option we don't
have a full screen option shit no we're
getting there guys hold on why don't you
do a google search firm on chance full
screen
what oh you can do this we can do this
give me one second
we're gonna get it for you guys ad
window capture okay Google Chrome subs
ready like this we go and then we go oh
and then it captures only the stuff
that's in there might be texts on the
margins I'm not sure so I'd leave it
open okay a bit more than that rich is
right you guys are going to see this and
one second it's going to be glorious
the music is already great watch your
music
I will fight as soon as I hope you guys
see it on a tiny screen right now
hold on making it bigger I wasn't quite
as wonderful as you before ha ha it's
pretty darn beautiful okay and now we're
ready Jay you get the headphones of
power arrow keys to control plug
all right so you're the scientist dude
well how many days they said six all
life on Earth will dissolve basically
what I said everything organic will die
it does look like Jay
cancer cured your your on the team of
scientists that cared answer that's
wonderful
no it's not it's really not currently
the world meets cancer was that was what
no the Cure ends up being on what's
wrong
oh my girls little guy I like to like
the style of this no oh wait they want
me to skip work that's that's one of
your options hmm you have to make
choices this is interesting you have one
chance okay you know what I'm gonna risk
it I'm a skip work whoa skip work
everybody get to work
where am I oh here you that's right
rich don't don't stop no spoil of Pama
say anything okay I just surprised all
right so this is the next day I got to
go to work you you do what you want okay
what's going on in my laser that's your
daughter
I was in the bath why just go check out
what's going on in the back phone's been
ringing must be important okay I'd
better get to the phone then where's the
phone there's no phone I don't know I
don't remember it doesn't appear to be a
phone okay what happens if you go along
those other side of the bedroom set
curiosity is there not a rule mark let's
find out
I'm gonna guess not nope okay okay so
something's going on at work but
apparently I don't have a phone to pick
up and find out so I got to go to work
left and right and do things that's all
this game is oh what's this a cure
deadly okay
let's go to work by the way to take the
birthday boy you're exactly right this
is exactly how J walks around the rlm
offices did it do did you do and he
waits for a little text prompts yes and
if I have the option to skip work I do
it yeah edit now question no no we're
fucked would you do
getting our funding pulled all right
talk to me people
well they don't even want to talk to me
anymore Oh cuz he's good work
oh no look at your bar graph it's not
really as dangerous as they say um
remember jack you're you're delayed oh
he's already seen the bar ground no no
the lab is locked I'm coming over here
the lab was locked the lab was locked
just gotta jump off the roof
so much worse than we thought up there
he goes nice nice laughs look at the web
we're down to four days now one chance
oh you know I'm not even shaving anymore
you're not a doctor a point does he
complete my head if anything this game
is great yeah your six-year-old god no
it's the white Oh so I've always the
daughter why don't have to go to school
today uh see ya honey all the paper just
say the NS died oh man lemons if I go
past the car here can I do that no again
got to go to work okay
oh there's panicky knee how can you tell
it's panicking Jed is it coming up with
my cuz they're jumping up and down not
even dressed for work anymore
there must be something we can do look
at the board it's hanging off a wall
like hey just leave it what's going on
so live still a lot dammit what else am
I supposed to do then go back up to the
roof see if anyone else wants to jump
off okay
there's another guy oh good no listen go
and be my family I just got here there
has to be something I can do that's
right J don't listen to the man try to
land again
it's locked well now I can't even open
it okay oops oh oh where did I do you
won the line I think Oh
this entire game be over and would have
ended positively if I just didn't skip
work that first day maybe is that the
only variant and all again there should
be others I don't I I'm a scimitar it
doesn't remember much hello Molly
doesn't want to get our bed maybe she's
dead yep
maybe she's dead nothing going on in the
bathroom no oh no no oh my god I was
gonna head to the lab oh it might be on
to something but they'll understand if
you want to be with your family hmm I'm
not gonna accomplish anything being with
my family though come on go to work well
you could accomplish you know spending
time with your about one I want to save
the planet though okay
oh what's going on she's to shave a
blond beard or is she where I'll wait
should I leave my wife should I skip
work for this dis hussy haha it's
entirely up to you no I'm not going to
wait what if she has the keys to the
last she might oh maybe she's got this
I'm gonna check I'm assume it's still
locked maybe she has the keys oh it's
open
you want to work I just went to work
made your dress oh mama they're plain
sad oh no oh no my wife killed herself
oh shoot expensive touch commercial you
know what it's the arts not funny oh
there's little Molly she has no mom
anymore where's mommy dead he washes
over back oh god it's gonna work I'm
gonna put you to bed you stay here while
I go try and save the world
nope nope she's just gonna follow me
she's your little tumor now we're gonna
die together
I don't have a free babysitter and
should I show her what happened in the
bathroom let's see oh she's gone oh well
I mean I dragged her out oh my god is in
there oh there's not even a newspaper
anymore no why bother yeah
oh there's an across I buried her oh you
she's buried okay just one guy left
look almost everybody's dead the car the
car's got a tire oh oh how do I choose
left or right affray imagine I don't
know no I said - anything mouse okay um
oh do I take her to work and see if
there's a cure ya know might not be her
Joey just hang out in the park and die
together it's a tough choice this is a
tough choice this you know what this
choice will say a lot about you as a
person not necessarily I bet if this
were real life I would react differently
but for the sake of the game I'm gonna
try and save the world here yeah we're
gonna go to work so Molly so if this
were a game you wouldn't try to save the
world
well I don't know Jays also not a
scientist sir
oh I'm not a scientist what if she has
there something in her blood that'll up
dead person sorry on the roof that's a
corn on our back I blues brains out my
god can you throw Molly uh-huh now
nothing up here all right let's go to
the lab we probably should have gone to
the park but oh well Molly look at the
dead people
oh my god you get one chance does that
mean you blow it already no this is the
last day okay
oh I'm walking slower and I'm not even
putting on my sock are you greater too
or is that just me no I think I'm the
same oh she's coming with me again
good this is their second chance to go
to the park probably no God no I'm sure
it's something different today what does
the chant think of my decisions so far
good sweeten they seem okay with it
somebody get rid of that car that
Michelle there here's the real one so so
either spend some time with her or what
if today's the day that you figure out
the cure yeah what if Molly helps me
with the cure somehow or what if you go
to the park and realize that not going
to work
is how you you save everyone how would
that happen though what if what if I
them it's the machines that you're
working on there causing keep them on
I've never played I've never put I've no
idea what's going oh this is a tough
decision
fuck it I'm going to work and keep
alright oh all I doesn't want to see the
Dolly's done yeah she's done it for her
somebody got rid of the bodies unless
their cells are just dissolving from
though that could be how other there
can you okay
let's warm up I'm done for the whole
game is just me slowly hi oh that's
amazing
you wanted to do more game I gave it to
this is great and I can't do anything
yet I'm just sitting there dying is that
it something I haven't right I'm not
sure it's not letting me do anything
is this the end of the game
hey I think this is it you just have to
sit here and be dead
are you dead
oh yeah I'm dead just got the music
keeps playing you just sit there oh my
god this game is art I like it
this was great you know what Wednesday
what that first day just get four I'm
sure it was if you go every single day
yo really you can save Molly okay it's
just cuz I skipped a good first day yeah
it sounds about right
what's the chat but they're crazy
they're crazy they love it that was
great
I very much enjoyed that a poet bomb I
totally blew it and killed the world
there's another one it's not really
along the same lines this is a web-based
game called a thousand years I think
it's really interesting yeah your power
in the game is to sit there and wait and
time just goes by like there's a hill
you can't get over you just wait there
speed of time like tree will grow and
you can climb up the tree oh okay that's
interesting you have a thousand years
you can speed up time as much as you
want the only have a thousand years is
get your destination okay alright well
there was that that was great