real SPOOKY horror stories ultimate edition
October 29, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YJ_fUzD4yhw

but hold on Wow things are happening
game or that's that's kind of cute
Oh for maximum scare headphones
recommended Jesus Christ
you know watches Jesus Christ
this game was a was a gift to me
um and it's called real horror stories
Ultimate Edition and this we're gonna do
this we are gonna do this we're gonna do
you know
alright real are stories hey someone
sent me a message saying that they got
this game for 20 cents turn speed thank
you for subscribing I'm sorry what turn
speeds heard speed thank you for
subscribing I'd adopted to the stream
real cool my god no time you want to
play this first you want switch places
out go ahead first
my real Oh roar
Lucas farts I did not see the footage of
alien isolation being edited I only saw
the final video and a little bit of them
playing the game so I think I got a
sense for alien isolation but who knows
I might have a more positive reaction to
it that's true I don't know it's because
I'm not coming from the same perspective
his Jack and rich cuz I don't play games
and when I do it ends in disaster like
when I tried to play lollipop chainsaw
the day we filmed the discussion we
before we actually did the discussion me
and Jack played it together for like two
hours five hours in like that and Jay was
in here for like what ten minutes we
have time so my god yeah yeah yeah
that's about all I think I said is this
all it is Rui
I use that in our discussion because you
came in and said oh yeah
okay and Jesse came in
the exact same I'm prompted by you yeah
first I know this looks good yeah
yeah it looks great and then Mike came
in and said the exact same thing
unprompted by even so it's just like
this is the this how it works real or
you can tell this is a good game because
it's not in twitches database so that
worries but for me I'm not sure what
percentage of that is sarcasm all of it
100 okay okay here it is real horror
stories we're gonna play Oh which name
is Colin incidentally the the purple one
what's his name sir sergeant
Zima okay okay oh this is spooky already
stories tell that forest many lives have
been lost there you are now at the
entrance of terror
do you dare tell off to a great start
hey Karla how you doing
oh is this actual real horror stories do
we know like is this real life things
that have happened yes I think you might
need arrow keys Jack I think it's a
point quick while the idle machine the
dock of the Dead footage will hopefully
be on the eventual blu-ray release I
want people to see it because we spent a
lot of time and work out it most of it
got good there's some good stuff in
there earlier the chat was talking about
our we're so in love that our love is in
love oh we have a feeding frenzy so yeah
where is that song it is this right now
it's just in the movie but maybe we
should release it as its own yeah sure
we're asking about we should do
something with it it's a catchy little
song I'll find my files I study I still
have the files Frodo the Feeny franzine
edit Oh my hard drive so I have it yeah
we should do something with it make a
little video and put it on YouTube or
something
oh god no Colin I was not taking the
flaps for my birthday anyone would flap
sit there like the flapjacks or
something I that's so that's an inside
joke and it'll remain an inside joke how
do i do anything in the game addictive
birthday boy yes we're there probably
will be a limited space con VHS release
I enjoy making the VHS props you like
it's fun didn't know we're doing as far
as blu-ray or DVD or most likely it'll
be well there'll be a digital release of
course but then a blu ray/dvd combo i
think is probably the best way for us to
release it I'm not sure if Jack is
experiencing horror or confusion I'm
leaning towards confusion I have no
fucking idea what I'm doing
I can't move and I can light a candle
and I can poke at all train keys on the
keyboard
I tried a bomb and then every once in a
while a spooky thing happens
maybe that's all that's supposed to
happen this was cheap right oh there we
go how oh did I do it and you did it
you won the game we won the game you
have to click on the doll 50 times oh
did you click on the rope that time no
maybe it's cuz you clicked on the rope
oh my god I'm scared
no way okay it's a picture of a lady
girl great okay somebody sign press tab
jack
oh it's Pookie thing oh really this is
what happens rich Oh God or Chan is
scarier than this oh I lost and lock oh
I didn't lose why I don't understand the
tab thing miss azano peeler soda from
the 1980s that's the joke I'm sorry why
I so what do I do
ah this is tell me you're scared right
which horror game will be the best of
the wars a hometown markup we're getting
there that's a good one we're getting
there what the fuck guys this is your
game do you see you see the little baby
grandma Oh a skull fell down that's
funny I'm not supposed to laugh at
oh are you sure you don't want to play
the Ghostbuster is that an option
tonight ah let's hope it is because but
now fuck you ah
pregnant woman found butcher killer
unknown so I click on it again so
remember before when I looked up the
definition of what a game oh wait hold
on this might be the first game thing oh
look at the holes let's a puzzle it's a
puzzle
here it is guys here's the ferret first
actual game part of the game oh yeah are
you telling me this game was only twenty
cents
thank you for whoever gifted this to me
ah because there's no any the one you
just drop before that one that clearly
goes up next oh yes hey first of all I
can put together goddamn puzzle this is
a ghost face gonna pop up the minute you
put this together uh that has to happen
Rob obviously that has to happen this
this fills me with a lot of I'm not
gonna I'm not gonna lie to you here
Oh Andy they like scoop together when
you get him close asking to get a gothis
so you're putting together a puzzle of a
spooky headline of a newspaper yeah yeah
Jay yeah that's not okey this no I'll wait
well is the one of the far right goes in
that corner alright no virus so don't
under that one it's just hey hey hey one
yeah that goes there back there I can
put the carrot god damn puzzle this is
just scary for me we need to play a
different game oh oh
nothing is more frightening than puzzles
this is this is the scariest win
those 95 time killer game okay wait
that's for the last piece in guy's
solitaire scary ruin is what's gonna
happen what are the bets search for
missing child so once I put this piece
in is a child's face gonna appear yes
okay but bloody eyes okay buddy I count
face but gonna do it tab what what what
that's the scariest thing that could
have happened I have to do it again wait
oh no now this is a mission blood fuck
you game you whoever made this him fuck
everything about life oh my
Jesus well this is I mean this is like
being stuck in purgatory and that's
pretty scary sure you know it you know
sometimes really for sometimes it's the
stories you write yourself Joe a
petition mmm jesus fucking christ
there's a sequence in name random street
for where they get stuck in like a time
loop and they keep living the same
moment over and over she look like that
that's spooky
it is spooky if you're in the time loop
you don't know any different but they
slowly realize that they are neighbor
and on the street for is good stuff even
though it has absolutely no blood oh
okay okay we're doing this we're doing
this I don't know why we're doing this
but I've got to do something on a
Wednesday night that's what I always say
fuck well usually you know you should
try do something productive so I have
fuck that I oh that goes oh that goes
there productive it's been a very
productive week I don't know I can't
speak for Jack what they happen again I
clicked away or something
if you oh fuck if you click down here
yeah okay set you back alright
I got this now okay you have you were
having a productive week jegos it's been
a very productive week so rate you you
can you know is a good night to sit back
and relax yeah I know lots and lots and
lots of editing has been happening this
week with it some various projects so
that's great oh yeah I don't know about
you though I was just speaking about not
us no talk about you that's fine have
you have you had a productive week Jack
Ray feel that this is okay to unwind and
put together a puzzle over and over I
feel I feel like this is entertaining
enough to be okay I feel like because
we're doing it um and I might have to
send an angry email to whoever made this
game top left the top left top left
piece goes in that that bottom corner up
no no uh-uh yep yeah take a fucking
riches below amen I'm all over this
puzzle and anytime rich starts backseat
gaming you know it's gonna be good nice
one fine I'll show ya I'll let you click
aimlessly for the next 45 minutes we all
want to move on with our lives okay okay
oh it boomed at that time boom it boomed
I heard that it was a it wasn't a child
it was an adult oak that was that click
to save but it didn't have the bloody
eyes it did have the bloody face mr.
awesome the name random street movie
with cartoonist kid is parked five then
he gets attacked by super Freddy pretty
dumb but I liked it
very scared yet Jack well is issue but
is the gimmick are those real headlines
why they call in this real horror
stories that might be the case that
might be a real headline of sorts they
probably didn't make that in which case
that's kind of a bad taste it's him
so no alt tab does is legacy well shows
you what you can't click it just shows
you what you can Chloe so what's the
game then click on the click on the box
click and little skull comes out oh I'm
digging I'm digging oh the thing
happened
great fuck you fuck you game ah it's a
cute girl ghost she looks so happy
I just want as I had to scoot over so I
can see some of the spooky game see some
of the spookiness live yeah that's a
ghost that's creepy isn't that spooky
and look their skulls are here now you
click on this one oh uh Oh No
huh this is the game that's amazing this
is the game well maybe then you need to
click them both together oh one of the
crosses we were clickable too or no no
it's only these two now did you dig
enough on the skulls yeah can't click on
that many walk there's nothing scarier
than yellow squares can you drag them oh
yes can you hit them with a shovel yeah
but I click a lot I can only click on
the graves oh now I could forget there's
an allure to this apparently I clicked
on Hindman oh this is amazing
ok ok whoever made it this is a
practical joke they did not think this
was really scary this was like an art
project and they were like we're I'm
gonna test the limits of what can be
considered a game Oh dick dick Nichols's
stop stop stop playing the game that's
what the ghosts are saying ok lutely
there Oh
whoa yeah I don't know what you're
talking about Jack this all looks pretty
scary yeah it's super spooky that's a
big fire I guess it's scary if you're
afraid of spiders guess is never that's
the height of horror I think I did it Oh
jack by the way I'm not playing this
game I own I I'll write reviews let's go
it just came out eh I meant this good
cuz that's scary that's not someone the
chat is saying this game was released on
April 1st
Oh so hey okay so yeah it was a jump J
wait till you see this jump scare oh I
just oh wait no I didn't see it wait to
see what's gonna pop up he's pretty
scary whoa
yeah this is not a real game what else
you got hold on I mean now I'm into it
what else will they come up with yeah
you kind of want to you have to make a
pentagram yeah does anyone else feel
like Halloween is over already
because trick-or-treating and stuff was
this last weekend cowboy was so watered
down at this point
hmm I mean the fucking Christmas
decorations go up they went up like a
week key talents Yeah right
oh I don't know probably let's feel like
by having a Halloween happened last
weekend so but now by the time we get to
this Friday everyone's already done all
their Halloween stuff that was like a
real game thing
obviously it was obvious that I had to
draw a pentagram but it it didn't let me
like I couldn't just click random bugs I
actually had to draw a pentagram with
the mouse like that was a game that was
that was a bit of a game element
you're right klompen bingo XCOM could be
considered a scary game there's there's
aliens an FTL that that's a horror game
okay I made it past that bar so I can
quit now fuck this game okay we have two
options yeah what time is what what
aren't I good sentai eighty eight forty
so my god it's early kena first of all
get out of here stop it just feels long
because you were playing five nights at
freddys oh my god
exit games stupid can you find an
emulator of any sort of night random
street or Friday the 13th NES games not
high club not in the time we have and we
have other we can think of we could take
a break we could take a break and get
some emulators you play whatever you
want right now and we'll go from there
we have to I I have two more options for
spooky games I really thought those
might last a little longer than 59s um I
guess my mistake for thinking Jesus fuck
jeez fuck hold on just wait
we have either a we have outlast which I
don't know anything about but a lot of
people were saying because we were so
harsh on alien outlast is the game that
really does it this is what atmospheric
or is fear course is not the appropriate
atmosphere though for that to work okay
then let's play a fun game and that will
take a break and see if we can find some
emulators or real cartridges of games we
own try to find some of it so really we
have some in doing the back somewhere so
bring it did you bring it controller
our
