The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth (Part 3)
November 9, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NxiieL2mIrQ

house yeah I really it's it's really
important to me that we beat mom tonight
okay because we've started this don't
shit my don't shit your panted to play
don't shit your pants
how to play that game why am i grandpa
Evans in the forum no your grandpa Evans
yeah though they know it's grandpa Jay
yeah Jay is the grandpa kind of to
grandpa's it's weird
anything it continued he died I guess
technically everybody has to grandpa's
but you know what I mean right
technically everybody who doesn't live
in the South has to grandpa's hey now
hey that's first of all that's funny
secondly hey now hmm oh yeah you know
what I did know I did want to talk about
big hero six I saw big hero six
um and it's good you know anything about
big hero six rich I know it's Marvel
property and it's an animated movie
knowledge but all I know and that's
that's about it it's good but it's not
like it's not like Pixar good you know
mm-hmm where it's it's a really fun
movie and if you were the kind of kid
that like we're really into like robots
growing up you you're gonna you're gonna
flip through your shit right out cuz
it's all about echidnas robot you know
and it's super fun just a boy in his
robot but it's it's light you know like
one of those things you're talking about
earlier where it's like too many
coincidences it's it's one of those kid
movies where like it it misses a couple
logic leaps and if you think about it it
actually upsets you a little bit but but
then it's like adds a kid's movie and
it's fun like if anyone has I put it on
the same level as How to Train Your
Dragon I don't know if you saw that
it's it's on that level words you know
it's pretty good but missing a couple
things you know missing a couple things
or I suppose a couple things we're
adding just to not make it great but I
mean big hero six has some really great
action sequences and of course it's not
a cool robot stuff so yeah I would talk
about it more I don't want to get in too
spoilery stuff I can talk about it more
like next week because this was opening
weekend so I was good at any spoilery
stuff but uh I can talk about it more
next weekend and get into the dive a
little bit deeper into that territory
like specifics of why like what makes a
movie like that a Pixar movie versus
just a regular kids movie you know
mm-hmm but this is definitely on the
side of just a kids movie you know it
teeters it teeters but eventually falls
on that just a kid's movie saying just
because it misses a couple light things
like you know something I can talk about
without getting too into spoilery
territories is it's obviously about
building a superhero team right you know
that just from the trailers but it also
wants to be about a boy in his robot and
so the team comes together really
quickly you know yeah so quick that we
don't really get to know we don't really
get to know much of the team very well
and and so that that whole the whole
like them coming together as a team
feels really tacked on
where it's just like now is the time in
which the team comes together so let's
get the team together you know it's a
little upsetting but that's just one of
those things somebody is saying how do
you not bomb the double bomb it submit
game did you miss something
oh sure well so like you'll see this in
a second right underneath me right now
is two bombs yeah so I could have bombed
right here I've gotten two buses and
gotten two bombs you know what I didn't
do my math right and they're absolutely
right
that's kindergarten man I know no I
didn't you know what I was thinking like
oh I could bomb this but then I just get
a bomb and I'd use it over here so it
doesn't make sense but no I would have
gained about you guys are absolutely
right Jack's the big dumb dummy uh Jack
yes Jack used his crocodile brain
I now regret making those emoticons but
oh yeah that was a big dumb move and I
feel bad about that but listen that was
the break sometimes hi rusty
um man like in a kind of cheat with
these guys but I'm sorry good sometimes
getting the lamest things just to make
sure that I don't lose any hearts it's
fun I know it's fine but it's like this
is the bad part about streaming is like
I would if I was just playing by myself
I would totally you know you just you do
whatever you do to whatever you need to
do to win the game right
but like because I'm streaming like four
people it almost feels like I'm cheating
like playing it safe you know yeah I
know I'm not cheating but it's just like
I am playing it safe
people are getting the action it's like
guess what we want to win this run I
know if I were streaming FTL I would
probably never farm for experience I do
farm you find a ship that really can't
get through your shields and then you
just let people train that their
different stations look let's shield guy
build-up experience you let the pilot
develop experience sure
yeah if you have an ion weapon that
won't destroy the enemy
you just keep firing ions at a blank
spot in their hull just to give you a
gunner experience and then you got
everybody you get a really rank good
gold
oh that's devious I like it
I now have penetrating shots rich Oh
I don't necessarily know what that means
I probably go through people maybe they
don't go through rocks
we'll see you will find some people
let's shoot some people with these
things
Oh lots of coins Hey Dude they go
through people that's great that is
really handy and very powerful lots of
coins over here in a store over there
but I want to keep my key I want to give
them like yeah I need that later okay
just take your word for it okay just
yeah just explaining the strategy you
know
Kizer so and it's like I should I should
use it because I have thee in in the
lower left-hand corner you see that the
thing that's the rusty key mm-hmm that
means I'm more likely to get key drops
that's what that item does and so I
should feel so what I could do you'll
see this in a second okay go back to
this room who know what I should do is
get that soul heart
you rock over definitely so what I could
do is bomb these rocks over here to get
at these coins which I'm going to do get
these coins so now I'm gonna use a key
to get into a store and so I was
debating whether or not I wanted to use
my key to get into a store or save it or
the bonus rooms later but now you have
excessive keys now I have excessive keys
I'm gonna get in this or too much if I
can get if I can get five more sense if
I can get another bomb if I can get
another bomb I can get this ladder item
which very nice alright so sure chip I'm
not talking about the Fantastic Four I
haven't even seen those stupid-ass
movies I have someone oh there there
there's icons see of people that want me
to speak my wisdom on the fantastic four
movies which I haven't seen
oh they're terrible what uh what else do
you need to know more yeah sometimes the
chat just gets in on weird things don't
mean you know just true you know what
you know what they are they're generic
oh fuck now I'm thinking about the
Fantastic Four nothing
yes oh my god I just got a very powerful
item oh my god
I'm very happy with that it's that
stupid tail again
what's a dead do I want a cat head what
does this goddamn tail do alright I
don't let him I gotta look stuff up
people said it gave me invincibility but
I just didn't I don't believe it
that Guppies tail is that what it's
called
wouldn't want a review just talk about
them I haven't seen them they look
stupid
they're very generic like the Roger
they're basically the Roger Corman
versions without the Roger Corman fund
without one of them without the fun of
them being low-budget that's exactly
what they are okay as a one in three
chance to replace a pickup with a chest
or golden chest went ROPS or one in
three chance to replace it with nothing
at all I don't care about that what does
guppies head do you tell me in the chat
they're still talking about fantastic
for guppy transform hype what is that so
it I don't know
we just said guppy transform hype oh
here we go when combined with two other
guppy items Isaac will turn into guppy
and he will also gain the Mulligan
effect and the ability to fly
oh okay so like if there's a cat head in
a cat tail so if I can also get the
guppy paw I turn into guppy I don't know
what that's a good thing or not have you
done it before
then it'll East be interesting okay well
let's do it then
let's do it
Oh somebody's saying there's an other
box behind the statue no no I got that
one already
but thanks okay thank you for looking
out and the child is also saying guppy
is amazing okay great well that will try
it okay I want to go back through and
see if there's another bomb because I
want that ladder right there's another
bomb this guppy head is really nice it
gives me these little these little blue
flies around me okay
jorpe damaged or something they absorb
damage and they attack people so they're
basically like homing missiles okay
which is very helpful all right well
we're just gonna get out of here I don't
get the ladder which sucks okay with
that cuz I have good items and we could
help here we go here we go now
Star Wars seven guppy is amazing that's
a great title rich is not impressed ooh
look at this room this is fun this is
the other thing like they prevent some
of the rooms like this is the weirdest
room just water I can't go in the water
right really need a room you'll see it
you'll see it right now
nope nope you don't see the room with
all the water
it's not water is that okay that
something's just like black empty space
good water okay somewhat more pressin
that's a completely useless room haha
yeah can you show me more useless rooms
nothing but useless rooms it is it's
very it's a it is a 100% useless room
you're absolutely right but it's a
useless room that doesn't exist in the
other games
therefore funny it's fun for me as it's
fun for me as a fan what the fuck just
hit me something something it's actually
one thing
one thing that I don't dig about the
remake is all of these rooms have oh oh
q fuck you fuck you fuck you I I just
floated over an item and so I stopped
shooting the enemy because I picked up a
goddamn item ah you know what I was
gonna say it's something I don't like
about the room is it's full of these
little particle effects and these little
like wiggle worm things and like drippy
stuff to add atmosphere to the room but
it's they're moving items that distract
you you know you see something move and
you immediately started shooting at it
but it's it's just like a background
item nada not an enemy so I'm horribly
sorry
you should be ah
so how old is John Williams is he still
doing the the Star Wars movies yeah he's
doing are they gonna have to find a
replacement by the time the new trilogy
is up
I'm sure he's written stuff down you
know this is what I wanted to sound like
composer for for episode 8 will be Rob
Zombie composing at John Williams score
super falls I'm sorry did you say super
force yes it's gonna be one of the
tracks super force first of all this is
brilliant
second of all have you thought about
composing for the new sellers yes I have
they turned me they turned me down
instantly hilarious
do you want us to get ahold of Rob
Zombie for you
they're just trying to make jokes I like
it you know what I like your jokes and I
like that you're making them like all
these things like all these things okay
act flies Guppies head for the wind by
the way these attack flies yell they uh
they're the bee's knees
I say that and then I get hit by some
shit Emma okay okay not feeling that
terribly optimistic here you know what
pocket Bronco I made the wrong call or
the right call I don't know I I decided
to use my I did that already I decided
to use my key on a on a treasure chest
and it didn't give me a heart or
anything I'm sorry I'm so sorry again
as you should be let's just say yes I
have 400 of the Fallen okay we can deal
with this that's all that's a lot of
flies yeah
get it I did it oh I got an achievement
oh my god
oh I'm copy I got it I got a guppy item
I'm a cat now rich you're a cat oh my
god rich I'm a cat
is it amazing is it as amazing as they
say um it's kind of amazing I think I
can float now okay super amazing this is
this is a like a really important thing
with this game is these sometimes you
get this is why I wanted that ladder so
bad it's so you can float over items
right and so now I can move wherever I
want on the field okay and the enemies
are still bounded what makes it super
great is there are some items that you
just can't reach unless you have unless
you have this so now I can go get this
black heart for example oh yes this is
great now I could get that key now I can
get that bomb and everything's great
we are now on track for the Macon's so
now I have a decision to make I have a
tactical decision to make rich okay help
me out of my tactic of the same I don't
know if I can help you with a binding of
issac tactical decision but well I'll
lay it out for you okay so I have a
decent amount of money 16 cents is a
decent amount of money yes and I have
one pea yeah do I and I need some hearts
right now like I'm I'm down some hearts
so doing right unlock the store
to see if there's some stuff in there
yeah do i unlock the chest to see if
there's some stuff in there or do I save
the key for the next level which will
have a room that will give me another
superpower or that I need the key to
open how likely are you to get hearts in
the storm um kind of likely there also
could just be like a bad guy in there
but I'm kind of likely you know there
could be hearts in there sure I really
okay that sounds fine to me okay I think
I might choice would be storm but I
don't know if I'm the person to to make
this decision you know I did it oh very
interesting decision here rich Oh Oh
like I won't be any help at all but now
go ahead well well no we talked about
this earlier okay so I can either buy a
soul heart which you know is just two
extra hits which would be great yeah or
I could buy a PhD which is that thing
where all the pills will be good pills
PhD I think that's the correct decision
is now I'm a cat with a little doctor's
mask and so that is adorable
so basically adorable things are
happening and
all right let's move on now okay now now
we got a run rich now we got a run now
I'm feeling comfortable but I shouldn't
feel comfortable I should be on edge
need to be on edge always prepared
always prepared for what's around the
corner all right
nice all right we already got another
key so going to the store was the smart
call rich look I'm glad I made that call
yep made absolutely the right call
I'm just watching this thinking what the
fuck is going on that's fine that's fine
I'm a floating cat surrounded by flies
with a doctor's mask on what do you mean
you're confused I don't see flies did
you loose flies yeah oh yeah cuz they
attack things you know for me they're
they're homing pedals okay okay
oh okay I'm on the way I just oh that's
right that's right so also right now I
have an army of flies around me you have
an army of flies and you have a
high-powered weaponry yep yeah that's
all everything's coming up millhouse yes
on this run that everything's coming up
millhouse where it's like oh my god and
I just got a golden key which means I
can unlock any door on this level with
no without losing any keys Oh would have
been a complete waste to save that key
then absolutely okay also check this out
always listen to rich Oh rich you are a
tactical genius even when you have no
idea what's going on also like is this
this these flies are a little slower
than I am so do you see how they're kind
of like they're like following yeah yeah
love that look at this this is me
there's like a billion of them yeah yeah
I'm gonna fuck some shit up whatever is
in this next room is gonna get fucked up
ready kind of weak enemies but that's
okay it got fucked up I got locked okay
all right let's continue to fuck shit up
Oh
fucking shit up
all right and yeah look at him fly look
at him fly
turn up your goddamn mouth nice okay
gotta pay attention gotta pay attention
I'm in full I'm in full-blown defeat
Mountain mode so rich you're gonna have
to you're gonna have to carry the
conversation here what do you want to
talk about mine
nothing absolutely nothing is on my mind
all right right now I'm thinking I'd
kind of like to be playing FTL yeah yeah
yeah I've been icing up deal
Wow well this is this is cool - that's
just nice in general when you're playing
it - by the way I said yeah yeah I got a
try I know somebody sent me that save
file with the Vulcan cannon so I haven't
tried that yet but stola it's still
sitting in my mailbox
yeah I sent that to you right yeah yeah
you did I just haven't gotten around to
it okay I still want to find a good FTL
editor cuz like I said I've unlocked
everything and I'm at the point where I
want to play around with mods yeah
that's great that is great oh my god I
have this is this is an insect seed by
the way we need to
yeah it's pause it for a second here's
this I don't know learn in succeed even
is so well right now I have the fly
thing right what does that do
so the fly thing you know gives me all
the flies right nope yeah can you hear
me well I can't I can't hear what what
but why you started to cut out okay what
does it's so the you know I have all the
flies around me right yeah and then now
I just got a spider buddy which spawns
these little attack spiders and so I
wanted to pause and give everyone the
seed I'm playing on now 0r2 to na k7
okay great
so go ahead you've got a you've got a
bug army I have a bug army that's just a
tax shit for me right now which is great
because then I can I can just
concentrate on dodging you know huh and
because I have the floating mabh op I
can float over all of these spikes which
would normally hurt me and everything is
great and wonderful and here
how do I feel about the crystal ships in
FTL compared to how crazy hard they are
to unlock well I mean it's just the
status thing to have them the most
overpowered ship in the game might be
mantis B that's the one that's it's a
mentorship that's got a four-person
transporter oh yeah and you can you can
fuck some shit up with that the Kestrel
itself actually isn't a bad starting
ship just the one the one they give you
the one you start the game with because
that burst laser - is really nice and
that's that's that's like an endgame
weapon you start off with it you pair
that up with something good you're good
to go of all the questions to answer FTL
again oh yeah I don't give a shit about
the fucking daredevil movie so you know
ask me about something I might care
about no first of all it's the daredevil
TV show or are they talking about the
Ben Affleck daredevil movie I just
assumed they're talking about the Ben
Affleck daredevil movie why are you talk
I didn't pop the Ben Affleck daredevil
movie okay I didn't even know there's
gonna be a TV show there's gonna be a TV
show yeah that's part of um the first I
heard about it oh okay that that's part
of that's part of the next wave okay
good good for them I don't know other
shrek businesses but I'm highly
suspicious about that I don't know what
you sure yeah yeah it's coming up a lot
and I'm not going to answer it that's a
good call
I want this thing because I think this
red star makes me more powerful but I
only have three heart containers you
like Hellboy you know I have problems
with Hellboy rich do you remember a
Hellboy yeah
yeah okay gives you three black hearts
really until the poisons a ton of damage
I'll boys a fine visual yeah I really
enjoyed the Hellboy comics he's got that
crazy arm
rich yeah do I give up one break never
yeah permanently gone a hard container
but I get three black hearts no no no my
carts are temporary
it hurts forever all right you got it
I'm with you on the lemon party what the
lemon party oh right
okay all right
good strategy yeah you know what I don't
think that Guillermo del Toro can direct
action I don't think that is his strong
point I think he he is a he's brilliant
at bringing like his strange of visual
visions to life he's great at that but
he that man cannot direct action and
Hellboy needs some good action it kind
of fails it's it's been so long since
I've seen Hellboy I can't I can't really
get specific about how I feel about it I
know I saw it I was like okay here's a
new enemy mega fatty he farts and
diarrhea's and vomits on you
and I meet him oh and I get an HP up
extra heart container oh my god
everything's everything's great rich we
are defeating mama on this run I say
that and now I'm probably gonna lose but
I don't give a fuck I'm so excited
yeah I'm playing a part
good good Pacific Rim does not fail it's
you know Pacific Rim is fine but you
know it's not it's not it's not great
and the action scenes are you know fine
everything's fine about it Pacific
Pacific Rim is not like oh my god I have
never seen this enemy before there is it
that's exciting
oh my god there's like a freaky devil in
this room Jesus Christ
that was scary as fuck when was it
decided that I know everything and have
a super strong opinion about every comic
book movie ever made
when did that happen I don't know well
you know your comic book guy so I think
they just yeah I'm a lapsed comic book
guy for the most part that's true that's
the other thing that do you talk about a
lot is not you know being into newer
comics in a while yeah yeah I think it's
just one of those general newer things
where like you're a nerd talk about nerd
things you like nerd things don't you
what about what about Star Trek what
about Star Trek watching some stuff on
YouTube and I watched something about
Jeffrey hunter okay actor and do you
ever see the Star Trek pilot the cage
no no this was the he was the captain in
the Star Trek pilot it wasn't it wasn't
it wasn't shatter and
happened was they wanted him for the
party but his wife came in and said
Jeffrey hunter is a movie star not a
television star and she basically turned
down the role for him
yeah his career went down the toilet and
he died a few years later after
complications from an injury he made
making a low-budget Spanish movie and
hopefully divorcing his wife but yeah
yeah that's right yet he was he was
Christopher Pike and I've always
wondered what Star Trek would have been
like if Jeffrey hunter didn't turn down
that part sure because he wasn't he
wasn't a slap a hand like like Shatner
is you know he was like a real actor
yeah yeah and I always wondered how Star
Trek would have turned out differently
with him with him at the helm and in the
the classic original Trek series you
know I wonder if it would have them if
it would have hurt him because you know
the Shatner was a slab of ham but but
he's which by the way I'm using that
from now on whenever I describe a really
cheesy accident that was great while he
was it was also you know because of the
budget the show had a bit of a cheesy
feel to it so it fit you know uh-huh and
so with a serious actor being surrounded
by cheese would that hurt it that's
that's an interesting point but I would
still love to see and like an alternate
universe where things went down
differently sure where where would Star
Trek be now not only how would the
original series have been different but
everything that came after how would
that be different when you still have
had the next-gen sure yeah so that's
that's my nerd thought you know they
talk about nerdy things yeah yeah
you want me to talk about a nerdy thing
he's your nerdy thing an obscure pilot
from Star Trek have all the nerd you can
handle it's not that obscure I've got a
shock you aren't familiar with it you
know what I was never really into
original Trek okay okay
mostly because of Shatner you know
mm-hmm and you know it's just it it was
it was right it was always riding that
line for me between cheesy and and like
good sci-fi where it to me it didn't hit
its stride until next gen obviously I
like next gen more but I still like you
know classic truck spots toxic braids
frickin character Kirk is fun
despite William Shatner being a slab of
ham but Hart is just such a great
protagonist this old man who values
diplomacy right that's that's so
refreshing yes yes it is I do I was just
checking here if I take the bomb buddy
which is just basically a reusable bomb
a large bomb I take at even though I get
rid of my cat head well the cat head is
the thing that gives me all the flies
and so there's no way I'm giving that no
no that would be dumb yes cuz I have an
army of flies right now yes and that is
hella powerful so I just said hello well
you can switch that out right what the
bomb and the cat head you can switch
that out it will yeah yeah absolutely
all right you can take the bomb head and
just blow up everything
ladies level so you can get it all the
stuff oh hey yeah I could do that it
doesn't
doesn't just buy a bomb um you only get
one you know like and then you have to
clear out rooms to get it
and so I'd rather clear out rooms and
get more flies in my fly army okay okay
is right like as of right now I just
have this massive fly army and that will
destroy anything that I get in here and
I'd much rather have that been you know
just like the ability to bomb something
well even even for one level you know
like what level is two flies will they
follow you between levels - yeah yeah
that's the great thing about is like
biggy they go from room to room and
level the level
that was a really neat room that just
happened is uh those like there's like
all these floating skull heads that you
can't hit but they can hurt you and so
you have to find the things that you can
kill in the level and once you kill the
things you can't kill they all die okay
me that's a neat little enemy edition I
will have stit
I am really out of my depth here Jack
that's okay that's a carriage that seems
like a neat thing it's a nice you know
what it is it's a nice challenge praise
Shatner for red letter media existence
no well I guess generations the
generations review you can blame them
for Plinkett reviews existence I guess
and therefore red letter media
existences Oh possibly possibly yeah
possibly
I think that movie would have been a
turd without shatner this is what I
guess this is the all part of the thing
right or like we're in an alternate
universe mm-hm
so you know that movie was a turd for
that movie was a turn for a lot a turd
for a lot more than just Shatner you
know yeah but with that movie have been
made under in this alternate universe
with Jeffrey hunter yeah you know you
might not even have gotten there these
are all the questions
or anyone curious I don't have a map
this one that's that's one of the
downsides to this one is I don't have a
map I can reference and so I'm basically
just blindly going through all the rooms
to make sure I got all the shit I want
you do that you do that thing you do
that thing you're doing Jack I'm doing
it you're doing it fine you're doing a
fine job of that thing you're doing I'm
doing and I'm telling you all this I'm
doing all right I think I got everything
let's go go to that bad guy I don't
think this is mom yet but if it is if it
is mom we're prepared for and if it's
not mom we're prepared for anything else
that comes rich talk about that DC thing
with the 52 whatever I I don't even know
what the fuck DC's doing with their 52 s
their new 52 s their final prices
they're their ultimate final crisis's
they're truly this is the actual final
crisis final crisis and and it's time to
reboot our universe again because it's
been six months beyond comprehension
cuz it's beyond comprehension oh my god
I'm just shooting twice big being a DC
fan has to be frustrating all right am I
wrong about that I you know I'm it's
hard for me to say just cuz I've never
been a DC fan mm-hmm
but I can only imagine that yes it's big
it has to be incredibly difficult to be
a DC fan but and I think you can just
say that about anything you know like
with all the Marvel reboots with all
with just being any comic book character
as soon as another artists get to take
on the book it's not the book you fell
in love with yep you know so yeah it's
it's hard it's hard to be a fan of
anything nowadays it's cuz they're gonna
take it and take it do something
different with it
nothing you can do about it being a fan
oh wait okay here it is last level last
level I don't think I got a mom right
away no okay so once I get to this enemy
its mom okay so they're gonna continue
playing it smart playing it cool we are
gonna continue keep it on keep it on I'm
good so far there might be some times in
which Jack does not say anything that's
because he's concentrating Jack also
talks in the third person sometimes
these are just things that happen things
that you're just gonna have to deal with
it's the game even particularly
challenging at this point Jack oh it is
it is big what you know like obviously
right now I have a huge advantage I have
incredible shot speed and power in all
of my shots and I have this army of
insects but you could still the the
biggest thing right now as far as did I
just do
I took a pillow and it gave me hearts
but I lost my hearts I don't know what's
with that oh did I get another heart
container but I love oh okay I get it
think I don't I don't know it doesn't
matter what happened I know I I have no
idea what happened this is what I'm
saying I took a pill that gave me hearts
but then all of a sudden I didn't have
all of my heart containers full and I
thought I had them all fall before him
so that pill made you drop all your
hearts what is that what that pill does
it's a fucked up pill I thought you
could only get positive pills I thought
so too that's why I took it it doesn't
matter like doing good enough where it
doesn't matter and I just found another
heart so say you're full again I'm full
again but that was just very strange
yeah why would you want it why would you
want to know well doesn't matter I know
they think we're okay alright it doesn't
matter what are we talking about being a
fan of anything something something
something fans something something fan
DC fan fuck you over eventually a fan
yeah that's any fan doesn't pay to be a
fan of things it doesn't
you know or as a fan you need to learn
to just like the one thing that you like
where you like okay I like kind of think
of something okay like like Batman like
like anything right like yeah Batman the
Animated Series is a fantastic Batman
that's my Batman as far as I'm concerned
yeah and I just need to make sure that
when another Batman comes up I don't
fret if it's not my Batman you know
right because it might not be my Batman
spider-man isn't my spider-man anymore
that's true apparently apparently I'm
grandpa rich now okay that's another
fine example
no that's fighter man is not not my
spider-man stupid Andrew Garfield you're
you're all gonna get old to channel
that's gonna happen
damn right oh well one day you're gonna
hear about your friends kid is is going
into high school and you're gonna like
what the fuck yep yep and there's
nothing you can do about it and that's
okay you wasted those one things what
this is a little worm guys and we're
running around now you killed whatever
it was really quick they died so fast
anyone see what it was oh yeah yeah no I
I am incredibly incredibly overpowered
what is this BFF people have any kind of
be able donate at the o2 oh that's right
I can donate at the store that's right
oh I can and the machine broke
when I write right is there a single
person that says this Superman is his it
BFF and I okay I don't know what that
does but I did it
I can't donate anymore I broke it is
there another donate ah no I don't think
so if you if you donate enough money to
these machines in the store it like
upgrades the store okay and I've had but
I found a dollar so I've had a bunch of
money and I forgot to donate last door
okay go back a flash store no no cuz
that son you can't go you can't go back
in the world oh okay it was another
world okay what does this BFF thing do
you know what it doesn't matter as long
as you don't lose your flies I'm les
it's time to get rid of that because
reasons I don't know no I got my flies
they don't like I can I can only respond
them after I do well it did lose I lost
a half a heart but there's another world
over he had plenty of bombs but I should
save those bombs from take the bombs
from one machine blow that up upgrades
followers oh great
oh my god so BFF makes my followers more
deadly and I have a ton of followers
Oh God rich berry berry Opie run which
is great because I wanted to win the set
okay
okay like I wish is happening flying
seems like the bomb flying is really
where it's at
there's a lot of times like items will
drop in the middle of a room and then
you know to get them is the big old pain
in the ass unless you can fly so yeah
flying is really where here's here's my
question
okay if you're so overpowered yeah why
is Isaac still crying he hasn't fallen
yet that's a legitimate question god
damn it and I demand an answer that is a
legitimate question it's because he's
still running from his mother okay it's
a real answer to that oh my god oh oh my
god I have so many fucking flies love it
I love it I love it okay here we go
we're gonna go fight mom we have full
hearts we have an army of helpers
and go fight moment a catch-22
yeah tears of joy that makes sense or
I'm doubtful sad tears of joy are you
ready already
no I needed at least five more minutes
oh I'm sorry we're going oh no what
we're doomed now because you weren't
ready yeah oh my god that was possibly
the fastest I've ever been
this was the out of the line for Isaac
his mother was supposed to good run see
wrong yeah is it anything else no it so
I mean there's more now intervened
sending an angel down the cutoff a
disaster down to his mother's hand and
just like that here in a second it was
over okay
you know a cartoon yeah we did it we did
it that's great
so now that I've eaten mine when I play
again that there are now two levels
after me where you go into mom's uterus
okay and then you have to defeat mom's
heart oh my god this is a fancy cut
scene isn't it yeah it was pure instance
guys we did it it is pure instance yeah
that's the uterus yeah yeah oh yeah it's
just called the womb and so yeah now if
I play there's two extra money you still
have to beat mom like I just did and
then after you be mom you go into the
womb and have to face one two levels and
then defeat mom's heart okay so that's
great it's all good fun and now I look
now my save file has a little cute
little drawing of Isaac with a defeated
mom which is great it's just super cute
yeah and then you can see one finger
game you can see all your stats you can
see all of like the stuff you found
which is great you see how the items
something I saw someone asked if each of
right now like you can just see pictures
of all the items that you have and so of
course you know the goal is to get
randomly get every single item in the
game and there are hundreds someone
asked a good question which is why can't
you we see the stats of the item
this menu that would be really fun with
the stats view but anyway ah that felt
good it felt good ending the stream on a
win by the way were ending the stream
because did you cut the mic that
would've been a good spot to cut the mic
I didn't cut the mic because because I
didn't oh okay that would have been that
would have been a really good place to
cut back I kind of regret not doing that
but those chits I missed my chance but
you know now they get to hear you be
really smart maybe really down which I
think they'll appreciate more
let me just cutting out the mic right it
says zero mom kills because I have not
technically defeated mom I have to
defeat her heart when I play again
Majora's Mask what teaches you lessons
of life sure never played majora that
was that's a game that I'd like to we
play I guess that was the one I had the
really superficial reason for not
playing it that's right because you
don't like my link works right I hate
Kid link its model another than ten to
64 games that's really funny
mm-hmm yes fine that's a finery you know
like if you don't like how a game looks
you shouldn't play it I think that's
fine
I think that's a fine criticism don't
you think or no
