Wikipedia Wars (The Begin-a-ning)
November 30, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZWXc22QpswM

okay Wikipedia Wars real real quick
bong Doug Bongo Doug says rich wants
your ex-cons dreams about the game
yesterday any starting advice it's a
good evenly the best the best starting
advice I can give you is grenades are
your friend don't be afraid to use them
liberally and that's good XCOM starting
advice don't don't take chances on shots
if you can easily get rid of something
with a grenade all right clear browsing
history first probably I never use this
browser but I will I'd by the XCOM board
game chat but I'm probably never gonna
be able to find somebody to play it with
I've heard some interesting things about
the ex-con board game not necessarily
good things I don't know anything about
it because I'm never gonna find anybody
why bother
Frank well so what have you heard I've
heard it's it's good but it's very um
it's it's very top-heavy as far as the
rules are concerned okay and so I don't
know that means it would be a good or
bad board game I just I just I heard
it's a lot and so they know that's
that's the other thing is just like
convincing people convincing people to
play a game where it's so intense up
front and it's so isn't like a board
game or some more like a warhammer kind
of thing it's it's a board game but it
has like a voice-activated thing like it
gives voice commands really yeah huh
I've heard good things in the board
gaming community as it as it is the
board gaming community as it's okay I
saw a great I saw a great suggestion
is getting from Dark Souls 2 to mustard
now is there a limit or you just see how
long it takes what is the so there's a
couple different ways to play the game
hold on we're gonna sit we're gonna
start at Dark Souls Dark Souls 2 was was
the initial on so here's here's Dark
Souls 2 there's a couple different
variations the variation I'm gonna play
is number of clicks and so we're gonna
try to get the least number of clicks
possible and you know usually if you're
playing against someone you play um you
play you know like who can who can get
to the next one with fewer clicks right
there I did it - you did it in - no I'm
completely bullshitting you you got me
okay so you did well you it was very
convincing you always call yourself a
bad actor but you are very convincing
okay let's see here
Spike Video Game Awards that might get
us somewhere so so then it's these blue
links that I'm talking about all of
these links in the main article of a
Wikipedia page link you to other
Wikipedia articles and that's the that's
the key you have to stay within
Wikipedia in order to get there so this
is the game so it's a little bit of fast
reading and it's a little bit of just
kind of finding a way to get to the most
generic thing possible this is actually
gonna be really hard but I could go
video game I could just go to like the
general video game thing and see if I
can get to like a food video game and
that it might get us to food so there is
strategy involved there's strategy in
this made up game okay I'm gonna go to
general video game so we got one we got
one move in general video game
oh this was a bad idea already I can
tell this is already oh my god
I did it today oh you know we should get
do I have music here
someone made music for us never told you
about this yet uh yeah I haven't heard
it yet though someone made music for us
I don't think I have it on this side of
the computer just to use in our chances
like this and I really like it it will
be featured it will be featured in the
next previously recorded so you'll get
links then okay let's see here
game controllers handheld devices arcade
games you know what you know what know
what I'm gonna try for dark souls2 are
you are you in Wikipedia right now yeah
I am
Bandai Namco Games ok Namco's Namco
should take you to pac-man uh-huh heck
man should make some reference to fruits
which could get you food oh my god
that's great oh wait one click man AAMCO
I got two Easter eggs ok Easter Egg oh
no it's Easter eggs India I need to get
to you damn it Oh
see also oh oh no no this is gonna this
is not working
Apple Macintosh all right Namco Games
I'm doing right now list of Namco Games
so that's - I'm gonna have a Macintosh I
meant I'm at four scroll all the way
down to the bottom here maybe I see
pac-man I can't see no I'll have to
click on rather more recent pac-man
pac-man rally since 3 I'm at 3 I got to
McIntosh Apple I mean I'm literally in a
food when I'm at 5 your honor
okay
hahahaha that's for all right
no I need fruit give me fruit fruit I
need fruit fruit god damn it where are
you keep it you can't fit maze
intermission switches animes no I don't
want enemies I want fruit why can't I
find a fruit
I know I know they're gonna make some
madman right figured I'd get the freebie
you know give them some gotta give ya no
mention of fruit on the pac-man page
okay Apple it's me to six I got to
McIntosh Apple just to Apple wait where
are we going again we're going to
mustard okay here we go here we go
cooking cooking might get me there oh no
we got this we got this I'm here I'm in
Apple I am in regular Apple Apple okay
fruit to Apple and I think if I go to
cooking I can get there or did cooking
go okay so cooking is seven though I got
to cooking Apple oh I'm so on for I'm
looking for a fruit reference dammit
oh oh here we go brown sugar raisins
cinnamon cinnamon is a spice and so is
mustard right right okay I went to
cinnamon I'm at eight I think I've hit a
dead end on the pac-man page there's no
dead ends well I'm thinking I'm thinking
with the best way to get back on
something here yeah you got a roll out
here you're oh you're still in pac-man
well yeah I'm at four because there's so
many blinks on this pac-man page it's
ridiculous okay from cinnamon I'm
getting to spice by the way
okay come on come on there's mustard in
here there's mustard in here I'm sure
there's mustard in here I'm in spice
come on where are you
chilli powder mixed spice Old Bay
seasoning
oh it's somewhere in here it's got to be
somewhere in spices most food is a spice
isn't hers here's a link to Popeye that
should take me to spinach so I'm at five
now you went to fall by yeah love it
some reason there was a link to Popeye
on the pac-man page come on spinach give
me spinach yeah big money big money no
whammies no whammies how could there not
be a link to spinach on the peg and the
Popeye page there's not a length of
spinach on the population yet and I'm
like a quarter of the way down place
decide upon hamburgers are often served
with lettuce bacon tomato onion pickles
cheese and condiments such as with two
fingers up so it's seven it's okay I'm
at nine and I'm only on Spike I'm not
getting there I am NOT getting there no
okay how I mean I have to relent because
you won right you can keep going till
you win No so here's how I think we
should do it here's how I think we
should do it this time because you know
like they can't see what you're
head-to-head yeah and so what is gonna
happen is I am going to be your webpage
okay okay so okay well you're on mustard
right now right yeah I'm going to
mustard so uh mustard mustard condiment
okay you are the most recombinant you
see the spoons full of mustard right yes
yes so I am going to act as your eyes
I'm gonna be your motto okay so from
mustard
so the chat where does rich need to go
from mustard and and so like basically
just talk out your moves and I'll click
along with you right sure and we'll
count your moves and then the next move
I need to get there in less spaces okay
that's how that's how we'll play the
game so let's see if they say where you
need to go sir game P says rich Evans
MLG Pro okay oh okay oh that's a good
one space space can space kamau is
saying you need to get from mustard to
Ginga scon oh right and go OK from
mustard we're gonna click on
southeastern Europe you see it there in
the second paragraph southeastern Europe
boom that's one southeastern Europe yeah
I guess southeastern Europe southeastern
Europe up that's gotta be some kind of
larger map and we can get to China on
here right oh yeah you're devious you
got you by the way you know how to play
the game already look at you yeah yeah a
B only blue links only blue links I'm
looking for something that'll take me to
somewhere in Asia
serving on United Nations no no you had
a coast no no it's not bangs much
helplessly thought it was East Europe is
not very helpful right now how do you
get me out what is this here but you
have something you might need to just
need to hop to another country that's
not I'm thinking about but we'll see I'm
diggin who would have had would have had
some kind of dealings with with China
you know by the way John Kehoe you're
right this is way more entertaining than
five nights at Freddy's
oh wait wait down all the way near the
bottom where it says regions of the
world to those counters that need to be
like in the article like like scroll to
the very bottom devoted yeah when this
is Balkan Peninsula and then there's one
owner that's his regions of the world
who does that count I'm asking you let's
count it let's see what happens
so we're agents are world we'll go with
oh there's a little there's a little
show/hide by the way next on the right
hand side if you show that it shows you
the different regions and that doesn't
that would that that doesn't count as a
quick that does not kind of click a
sweet Asia Central Far East eastern are
you going oh what is China considered
whispers Asia goes Anna I do sorry just
Eastern or South Eastern just give me a
country name you jerk maybe central
maybe China central or maybe yeah we're
gonna we're gonna click on central
Central Asia we're gonna is the click oh
I think we were incorrect but that's
okay incorrect about what no but yeah
well it's fine
this will get okay so now you are two
clicks that is two clicks here Genghis
Khan
angus Khan oh there's a lot of stuff
here there is a lot of stuff here this
is great there's this health section
I don't think Richards gotten here yet
find on yeah the history section what
I'm looking at right now I'm actually oh
I see it it's actually on this page
uh-oh oh no maybe not no but I see
something that'll get you there I think
I see something that'll get you there
we'll see if you see it well be that be
Mongols right this fuse from Mongolia I
wasn't in Genghis Khan
I oh I'm not helping you I'm playing
against you all right that's fine and
don't read the chat I'm on a different
tabs okay click on Mongols you're
clicking on wait where is then that's in
history for Central Asia
it says Mongols Mongols I'm here I don't
see Mongols there do you mean I Mongolia
no it's as Mongols and there's Genghis
Khan right there Mongol I see Mongol
conquest I'm gonna I'm gonna hit back it
back here's here's the page I'm on I
never left Central Asia after I clicked
on Central Asia right now alright so
this is the history section Oh during
the 13th and 14th century the Mongols
conquered and ruled so you clicked on
Mongols that's three
clicked on Mongols and Genghis Khan is
off to the right on that page and a
little side thing oh my god so you guys
in for clicks yeah nice from mustard
mustard ticking his Khan in for clicks
rich Evans you're the greatest
oh my god they're saying you can get
there from Asia that's great okay so
that's great you got there in four
clicks so now chat where are we going so
rich you get to now choose one of the
chat suggestions to go to from Genghis
Khan sure sure
everyone wants red letter media so we're
gonna go with letter media that's that's
winning the vote by a large margin oh my
god okay to red letter media oh and by
the way I see people asking people are
asking about whether or not you can
search the page
you know like use a control F and search
the text though there you go hood there
are house rules something we came upon a
bunch of times going to do that but I
didn't after I saw Mongols okay
something we came across a lot last
night was 3d like gifts of models and we
always thought that all the 3d models
were really funny and so our rule last
night was you could only for every 3d
model you came across you got one search
the page but you know I think you can
okay Genghis Khan it's a red letter
media here we go
oh it says right here Genghis Khan was
an Internet video producer so I think
this is no
you don't think no mmm okay see what we
have your perceptions ooh here by the
way a link I could click on is
mediocrity I get it I get it you think I
have no response to that that one that
bit of slander Oh films depictions and
modern culture here's how we get there
by the way up here is how we get there
I'm liking that he's in video games he
is in films ooh by Pat Morita Pat Morita
is a clear link to red letter media I'm
sure well it's well here's the real
thing Pat Morita is a name I know right
cuz that's mr. Miyagi I'm just I'm just
just jammin with you I know you're
drinkin with me but I'm still gonna
gonna let you know so if I get if I can
get to like Karate Kid that gets me a
safe zone
Karate Kid you know like you know that
right right
wait no damn it
well what no no vice you're not helping
me don't help me
let's see here okay film's Genghis Khan
under the blue sky at Morita getting is
kind of proud son made in Mongolian no
we don't care about that Mongol all
right I'm doing it I'm doing Pat Morita
all right
boom Pat Morita
what was he oh he was in Happy Days
right
so we're at one click we are at one
click with pat morita okay okay oh and
he's got a bunch of his filmography this
is great this is great he was in the
karate dog that would okay that wouldn't
I don't think that I don't think that
will help you that won't help me that
won't help me he was in was it yeah so
now I need to know I need to look if he
was in something that red letter media
has reviewed that would be great that
would be super super great or perhaps
something that George Lucas was a part
of the clicks are counting down but
clicks are kind listen I know I'm
working on it
all right all right I got a read here
Alice in Wonderland night Patrol I
haven't time ran out Genghis Khan you
word i lord i many of these things I
don't know anything Ovie's here is it
this is gonna be terrible oh no oh no I
might have done a terrible thing at
Murray's I might have been the right
choice rich I don't know how many people
have ever said that in their life okay
okay okay okay okay
improve it improvisational comedy that
won't help me that won't help me Pat
Morita
you're not helping me Ron Howard Ron
Howard is how I get there okay ready
click number two is Ron Howard Howard
all right this is how we get this click
it's it
we are now on Ron Howard famous director
wait how many you got there in four
right yes so I at least need to get
there in four mm-hmm you you got you got
to clutch to go I know so like there is
a film director tab which will obviously
get me to George Lucas which will get me
to Star Wars which will get me to you
right I don't know I don't know that's
too much lunch
no he was in oh yeah see I'm he was in
um goddamn George Lucas movie he was in
American Graffiti okay
he was in great American Graffiti I bet
George Lucas his name is in this well
well we'll see yes here it is Howard
played Steve bolander in a George Lucas
coming-of-age film so do i do we think
that red letter media is linked on
George Lucas's page you know I'm sure
George Lucas probably deleted it if it
was himself I'm doing it
George Lucas here it is film career
philanthropy awards and honors
where's criticism you know he deleted
that whole section oh well I mean I can
get to the Phantom Menace but I'm at
three clicks all right you know what I'm
gonna do I'm gonna I'm gonna want to
search the page here no okay damn it
okay no okay red letter media is not on
the page damn it damn it damn it
I am Weiner you are the winner but we'll
see I mean obviously I can get to all
right so I go
- episode 1 The Phantom Menace is for
and that gets us to reception here it'll
be in reception right it might it might
what if it's not well then then you're
really shits Creek I'm on The Phantom
Menace page and she needs to be I could
tell you the red letter media page
certainly links to the photo Menace then
it has to link back doesn't know does it
doesn't and damn it oh no I'm like oh my
god oh my god it's not here
rich is the alarm sounding in your head
oh no I really thought this was a
surefire thing ah how do I get here then
I I don't know well now it's oh this
I've already done for I've already done
for clicks you get to like film review
in general right
there's critical reception there's a
Roger Ebert will you be able to get you
to some kind of more generic review
section critics think I think your best
bet is Roger Ebert I would think so too
alright 5 is Roger Ebert Roger Ebert
Oh yuck is an American film critic I
can't click on film critic can I I mean
that's just way too vague you see
there's something better there I don't
know that that's a horrible place to
start
oh I mean I've already lost
so now basically we're just gonna see
how big a hole I can dig for myself
right I mean I think this was a hard one
I'm not gonna I mean yeah red-letter
means not a big page it's not a big page
but I should have been able to do that
online Film Critics Society red letter
media is probably not part of the online
Film Critics Society or er are they do
you think I've already done five wait
I'm doing my own mole you're doing a
little thing this is bad you think you
get there from inacol news who maybe oh
hey we have a rogue null rogue No thank
you for subscribing I hope you are
enjoying wiki Wars did you change the
title I did I did I updated this dream
it is now or if yours and maybe rotten
tomatoes so wait what you think it's
bill I'm on it I'm looking on a nicole
news right now to see if I can find a
way down
oh that's where you are I think I got a
I think I got a yeah I think I gotta get
out of here I'm gonna tailspin I am in a
tailspin and there's no getting out I
don't think anything links to red letter
media ha ha ha ha why isn't it we're not
important enough for that oh no it's
true it's really true let's see here
let's see if we can do this rich we now
we have a mission by the way now we have
a mission it's just hit movie Boozer
Metacritic rate this film the Online
Film Critics Society I'm doing it six
the Online Film Critics Society now this
is a terrible place to go
oh my god this is terrible
oh this is the worst place to go this is
the this is the Chad have any ideas how
can we do this oh yeah if we can get to
simon pegg you're right Simon Pegg and
doc of the Dead
or do I just click on something on the
link called the World Wide Web are the
Golden Globe Awards Golden Globe Awards
slant magazine the Internet Movie
Database L threat the moving arts Oh No
okay we can do this we can do this we
can do this we can do this I am going
I'm going to Z oh go ahead what do you
got cuz I got nothing fine Simon Pegg
fine Simon Pegg get to doc of the Dead
okay well I don't know I don't know if
you do it through Simon Pegg or not but
if you can get the back of the Dead yeah
yeah yeah if I can get the doc of the
end oh yeah you're right I should have
done know but Star Wars film cultural
impact I did not see the People vs
George Lucas yeah I didn't see it I
didn't see you you you thought for sure
there would be a link from the Phantom
Menace of man sided that's what went
wrong my hubris was my downfall see the
prequel fans like hate red letter media
with like a ridiculous amount of venom
sure and I'm sure they patrol that page
and delete any reference to Romania sure
every prequel fanboy is policing that
shit I absolutely believe it yeah I've
moved on by the way I've clicked another
one where it's
seven to the Academy Awards I don't know
you know where I don't know where I
don't know where I'm going okay
this is the absolute truth or the rings
rings maybe best visual effects best
short film what am I doing here rich I'm
gonna tailspin
why is The Hurt Locker filmed every The
Hurt Locker has the best wiki guy I've
seen The Hurt Locker on every single one
of these pages all right Eric Emmy I'm
not saying dock of the Dead on simon
pegg page oh that they could just mean I
haven't seen it well he should he should
have like a simon pegg filmography right
filmography year just just the last few
years even it's not listed really yeah
damn - from 2012 to now nothing's duck
of the Dead um okay it won't be in the
television section here we go games
here's what we do here's what we do
current current categories in Academy
Awards
there's gotten what's documentary right
okay okay so a where is it
Best Documentary Feature so this is a
list of best documentary films so we
good so that's eight nine is just
documentary films that's where we are
now
modern documentaries let's see where we
can come up with here modern
documentaries supersize me Fahrenheit
right right right this Armando films
and documentaries
see also oh no no bad idea bad idea
Oh Oh Jack bad idea Oh Jack this has not
worked out well for you jack is terrible
at this game
oh wait has Simon Pegg been in a movie
recently has he been in a big movie
recently at World's End start tricking
the darkness how recently do you want
well I see a I see a link here for
box-office uh-huh I'm clicking on it
that's ten why'd you even ask that you
know he's been in movies yeah I know but
anything big where is like list of
highest-grossing films would he'd be on
that and maybe clicking on it listen I
know I don't know if any of the Star
Trek see either of the Star Trek's he
was in made that much okay well here we
are this gets us somewhere useful so now
I'm on the list of highest-grossing
films right so we can go to avatar but
obviously we had a really bad luck with
episode 1 mm-hmm
on here is I'm sure I'm sure what is
that a Star Trek movie even on here no
it's not this is just getting worse this
is Oh would it be on the Indiana Jones
do you think they talked about Indiana
Jones Crystal Skull do you think it was
reference nothing there no well wait I
don't know it might be this is the thing
like we had bad luck with with um I'm
doing it I'm doing Indiana Jones you
need you need to find doc of the Dead I
do need to find dr. the dead I agree
that doesn't look like it's gonna happen
oh oh this has a bunch in critical
reception this has a bodge okay hold on
ronzo oh this couldn't get us two Rotten
Tomatoes the Saturn Awards Empire Razzie
Awards at the movies jumping the shark
South Park South Park now they wouldn't
that wouldn't get it there would you
even I mean so pried up it's it's it's a
link it's a link I can click on your
you're an intelligent human being and
you know better I died I'm just thinking
I'm just thinking rich that's all I'm
doing is thinking and oh this is know so
this cuz I just know I want very much
one but here here's gonna be the fun
part is you need to get from red letter
media to somewhere else
uh-huh as soon as I can get to red
letter media well see if I can beat 55
yeah let's hope let's hope I can get
back to George Lucas this is all I can
do Chet Chet saying at least somebody in
the chat I'm sure other people have
found ways to do this to Genghis Khan -
John Wayne twentieth Century Fox - Star
Wars - cultural impact of Star Wars the
People vs George Lucas - red letter
media
okay so then thirteen is going to be
back to George Lucas which that was
already on 14 is then 14 is then Star
Wars mm-hmm 15 well let's see if you can
beat four Jack you need to beat
wait I'm in legacy where's cultural
impact Oh God everything's gone
everything is gone you you just want to
stay uncle no no I mean listen now it's
this is the mission right all right I'm
here I'm here at star wars and people
have already said we can do this in Star
Wars it's I think the information
production history prequel trilogy what
you write by the way what the fuck
Lord chaos 2 3 7 1 thank you for
subscribing for this exciting round of
wiki Wars
well how are we there's no cultural
impact
there's no cultural impact at all there
is critical reaction but that doesn't
get us anywhere we already know that
expanded universe other films animated
series literature games fan works fan
works JP versus the world says put me in
a game coach I know I know I'm so sorry
Jack it's the World Series you've you've
given up seven runs in the first inning
but I'm still playing they're gonna pull
you does that count
first was this is not in here by the way
people oh my god wait where is this this
no no I mean it's
but where is this linked to hold on Oh
bond which Lucas
there's this sighted oh my god wait this
is this is waged in legacy for Star Wars
yeah it says main article cultural
impact of Star Wars so it's another
clique god damn it legacy cultural
impact okay so that's another clique so
now we're at sixteen people versus
George Lucas is 17 and 19 degrees of
separation then over here to see also
red letter media reviews so so 18 I got
there in 1800
previously recorded on the Wikipedia oh
really
hey thanks guys sweetness paid Jack
Packard aired a solo live stream under
the previously recorded band on Sunday
nights the format changed to hack and a
half when the rich Evan started joining
him on skype by the way you guys are way
up on it yeah if I can't make it they'll
still them there will still be Jack solo
streams if I can't make it
yes I'm so yeah okay so rich yeah oh
yeah we I mean yeah we have to do better
than that
oh my god Elvis Elvis has a great idea
are you ready rich yes you have to go
from red letter media to Tamagotchi
alright do you remember what time all
rights are
yeah there's little virtual pip things
right
let's see epidemics 1 we are working on
pre-record much we are working on it oh
my god wait red-letter rich are you
reading the red letter media I'm on it
right now what am I supposed to be
looking at on the red letter media is a
film video production company operated
by independent filmmakers mics tu casa
previously GMP Pictures jaebum
informally it brings blank screen cinema
and ginga's calm previously of manga you
guys are great don't listen you can't
edit don't get media page while we're
playing the game get that out of there
get that out of there okay what are you
doing
alright I'm the red letter media page
scale down - previously recorded okay
we're gonna try clicking on rogue like
on rogue like that should get me to
games generally Jorah
oh pardon me
why isn't Genghis Khan ever on the
stream he's too busy for us I'm sorry I
don't know my mother
oh he's right there oh thanks Genghis
for stopping by that was genuinely very
funny thank you for that whoever did
that but but please correct Wikipedia
it's important what's the time I got you
out
are you still on rogue-like yeah I could
it's not gonna be a regular video game
though I figured might be own video
games are better than film criticism so
I figure I'm closer
hmm there's a link from 1980-1988
in video gaming there's a release in
1980 oh you try - what year do those
goddamn things start coming out mmm cuz
it could be real quick if I knew the
year I go to 1980 in this probably links
to different years right I mean 90
whatever and go right to Tamagotchi oh
that would be timing that'd be great
damn it would be great if you knew damn
people are saying that it's it's easier
than you think because Tamagotchi
is a roguelike which would be hilarious
right did I go for it go for the year do
I try and look for something that'll get
me to like virtual pet games you know
this is all this is all up to you I know
I'm I'm thinking it out to myself let me
I mean look at the different links they
have here around the robe like thing and
see if I can find one I think is the
best way to go about doing this
I'm a deaf cheating no the symmetric no
action games platformers no no no yeah
there's a lot there's a lot in here hmm
oh my god
there is there is something pokemons
yeah that's what I'm thinking
I mean that's the that's the smart
choice unless there's something um I'm
clicking on Pokemon pokemons it's too
late I've done it that is number two red
letter media to rogue like to pokemon
shit just got real pokemon media
franchise published by japanese video
game company nintendo owned by the
pokemon company yada yada a Game Boy
Game Freak Mario merchandise trading
cards Hey Hey You Pikachu was that the
one were you you had the microphone you
talked to Pikachu yes okay that's an
option hey look at you it looks like a
desk thing will you raise the Pikachu
right sure
Shauna I mean I'm gonna look don't worry
about that sure I'm putting that I'm
putting that in my index no I like it I
like hearing earring you know you're
explaining your math and I think that's
right that's why I should be doing for
this rather than just silently of
reading here no no I'm just kind of
reading through to see if I see anything
better
are you date which plays Pokemon says
that he might be linked on this
although not while rich is reading I'm
gonna scroll down and see if
twitchplayspokemon is on this page which
would be great yeah there is in early
2014 an anomalous an anonymous video
streamer on Twitch launched twitch plays
Pokemon an experiment trying to
crowdsource playing subsequent Pokemon
games starting with pokemon red hey
that's great congratulations twitch
plays Pokemon you've made it to the big
league you are easy we can get to you
from red letter media in three clicks
that's pretty exciting still seeing what
all links they have on him
hey don't edit the wikis I'm reading
this I'm reading you chat don't edit the
wiki's diamond and pearl doesn't help me
by the way dick the birthday boy would
like us to mention that there are 600
people watching - nerds fritter away
their Sunday night on Wikipedia
absolutely but by the way I'd like to
think that we're learning a little
something you know like it's trivia it's
it's uh you know you read you some of
the Wikipedia articles gain a little
knowledge Oh dick the birthday boy I
want rich to play a Pokemon game
I love the Pokemon games if I have not
said so yes
they sound dreadful you know I really so
I really want rich to play them I don't
know if we will do it for like a another
classic game episode or if we'll just
stream it but I really really want rich
to play what are you coming up with rich
what do you think I'm thinking hey you
pick at you but I'm still looking
there's this is a large fucking wiki
article here yeah yes it is
cultural influence there we are or is
culture oh that's what I'm reading right
now cultural influence that's a good
that's a good place hey the show reboot
is mentioned they're rebooting rebooting
I'm assuming that's a joke it's not a
joke
I mean it's it's a pun but yes they
someone sent me a link to an article
they are remaking reboot which I'm very
excited about
I don't think um region Munda ridge neck
I don't think Pokemon is grinding is
grindy yeah you mentioned that
Pokemon is kind of grindy I don't think
so I think you level along with the game
I'm clicking on Hey You Pikachu okay oh
I'm gonna go back up to the top here
back up to the top here Hey You Pikachu
is click number three I need I need to
find virtual pets yeah okay
I do have an alternate way to do this if
it's not and I don't know if you're
gonna get it here there's not a lot here
well yeah but I didn't see anything else
on the Pokemon thing that was your get
me sir so yeah anyway I like I I like to
think about grinding as like when you
are doing a mundane task solely for the
purpose of raising numbers and I think
in Pokemon they have that balance right
where you're constantly moving forward
you're challenging new enemies even
though you like you're raising numbers
of your Pokemon you're constantly
getting new Pokemon you're switching out
your team you're learning new moves I
think they balance your progression oh
sorry go ahead
no no you finish your thought I just my
way you know I've come to a quick
decision okay well they balance the
progressions very well so it never feels
like a grind to me but also they're
really cute little monsters
where are you rich what are you doing
all right over on the right-hand box on
Hey You Pikachu yeah
genres life simulation game that is
clique number four life simulation game
alright life simulation games simulation
game oh this might this might be it this
this might be is yeah this might be in
well wait till I see it already
there's section for digital pet section
five five red letter media to Tamagotchi
in five moves nicely done
rich that's right lessons of life
simulation right that's great that is
great I think Mandrake was here said I
did it in three what did you do Mandrake
what was your path what was your pants
we're gonna yes I'm Jack is gonna do one
last one before we close out the night
just so I can embarrass myself again but
we I want to see what man Jake did in
three we're waiting for you Mandrake Joe
your work
all to the bottom of the roguelike page
okay okay
hold on back back back back
roguelike scroll to the bottom of the
roguelike page and
Oh video oh my god there is a whole like
links to video game genres oh really oh
well there you go
and I bet that gets you to that probably
does get you did the life simulation
dating sim open world yep that's that's
it okay well see now we're learning
something new Mandrake was here props
you okay wait so now I need to get back
to Tamagotchi all right start naming me
some stuff here and rich gets to choose
the next destination I'll pick it out
but you guys got to pick something I
said that's kind of what we're doing
right I can't come up with it on my own
you can't come with it up with it on
your own unless it's really good I mean
we can do whatever we want but yeah
we've been taking them from the chat and
so you just have to read the chat and
and see if there's if there's one that
you think will be either exceedingly
difficult or just weird enough to be
funny okay first of all you guys did it
again the Tamagotchi is a handheld
digital pad created in Japan by a Korea
and ginga's Khan of Mongolia wait but
seriously you have to stop we're
vandalizing Wiki that's great I think I
think I'm gonna pick another one okay
Ernest Borgnine Ernest Borgnine Ernest
Borgnine oh yeah okay I'm just gonna go
to Genghis Khan no actually ginga's Khan
is not clickable I'd have to click on
Mongolia first oh really okay okay let's
see what we got here let's see what we
got here
I will not I will not cheat knowing that
I'm cheating I just want to see what the
Genghis Khan page says the kangaskhan
thanks to like Tamagotchi right oh okay
there is a film section yeah there is a
film section Tamagotchi the movie I
thought Tamagotchi movie yeah that's so
weird
that's so weird it is it's very weird
consoles no that's not gonna help okay
Tamagotchi digital pets the virtual pet
alien species alien I won't help me get
to her in his Portland gender I'll just
look you know what I'll just look up man
and it'll show me Ernest Borgnine cuz
he's a man oh okay he's a man man yeah
flash that won't get me there
I'm just basically like reading there's
very little blue links party style games
Gameboy your games I think I need to get
to the movie I need to get to the movie
section here so if I click on Tamagotchi
I could you know I could just click on
North American but that get me somewhere
no no mm-hmm
thick criticism and controversy that's
not gonna get me there okay okay I need
I'm gonna click on Tamagotchi the movie
all right that's one click - Tamagotchi
the movie according to the chat the
Ernest Borgnine page has not been
vandalized yet do not touch that arrows
Morgan I afraid I want to get there for
realsies on my own oh my god this was a
terrible place to go
no I'm just gotta get you to some kind
of link about the film in general and
you get to film you should be able to
get to actors I can get to Japanese or
animated film oh no one has updated this
page in a while there's no links
anywhere oh you had a dead end almost
almost I could get two animated film I
am it yeah
well question has he voiced anything I
don't know I have to go animated film
animated film is number two oh my god
history of animation this is not this is
not good I can get so now I can get to
like filmmaking this is taking too many
this is taking too many clicks rich shit
happens sure if it's Jack you gotta deal
with it I can go not not everybody can
search wiki as efficiently as rich Evans
can I can go down you know like those
purple links at the Dan at the bottom
and this might have to be a house rule
that these purple links don't count
because I can just go to any film and
genre right now okay which I might just
do I I did it that first time yeah so
now I can go to any film genre what film
was Ernest Borgnine in I don't know he
was in he was in bass ketball I know
that he was an air wolf that was a TV
show
yeah no II movie get any B movies maybe
a budget major studio blockbuster no dub
I jitan any animal found footage
aníbal oh I can go to cannibal uh-huh
which might get me to cannibal the
musical okay which might get me to to
bass ketball okay that's what I'm gonna
try cannibal films that's three clicks
cannibal films this is a real thing this
is how I'm doing it I mean this is
probably not nope
this is not the way to go no these are
real cannibal films not cannibal me it's
a cult
oh okay back to film genres let me just
double check here let me just double
check that cannibal the musical is not
in here animal Holocaust and history oh
come on come on nope I'm resisting the
urge to backseat wiki because I'm
playing against check was it five on the
Tamagotchi right now that I did you
drive yeah and so that was clique number
three for me okay God darn it you you
can do it jack I know I really thought
that cannibal the musical would be
listed in cannibal films this is so
frustrating
is this more or less frustrating than
rich and I dying constantly in Dark
Souls that's the real question that was
entertaining yeah I mean what would you
do rich
for Borgnine were yet right now I'm in
cannibal films how'd you even get to
cannibal films down and the purple inks
for film genres genre yeah
genres and in there is cannibal and I
thought I could get to cannibal the
musical but apparently he can't I can't
even find cannibals no cannibals is a
genre apparently no nature
outlaw biker pirate prison Road samurais
exploitation slavery slice of life snuff
crush sports spine where it says list of
films by genre
yeah somebody might have removed it I
don't see it what wait where are you now
I'm in film genre then there's a little
purple bar it says list of films by
genre yeah do you see by theme theme my
theme none s bloatation what where have
I gone rich I can't where have I gone
how did I get here I don't know how did
that get here how do I just um tell me
where you're at and I'll just go
directly there cannibal film I am in
cannibal film you have to help me out of
here I can't don't know how I got here
cannibal film Oh alternately known as
the cannibal genre the page cannibal
film does not exist is what I get I am
here wiki slash cannibal underscore film
yeah as I am here you cannot say that
somebody tweeted the page is what
happened we've had more vandalism you
guys are changing
it's like cube that movie cube have you
ever seen
no I haven't it's weather there these
people are it's like a science fiction
horror movie and they're trapped in this
giant cube structure which is a bunch of
cube shaped rooms and they kind of like
shift and rotate and rooms have like
death traps and them but there are the
rooms themselves are always moving a
wrong around sure rooms don't that used
to connect to each other don't anymore
so rich it doesn't count as a clique if
I hit refresh to see what they've done
to the page to see if I can get you can
do that I can do that I you can do that
oh it's still here by the way i refresh
it doesn't look like anything has
changed in be cannibal films
okay that's fine no age okay how do I
get out of cannibal films it's still
here by the way so I don't know how you
have not been here oh wait I found it I
found it I didn't I I only had one end
in cannibal oh well there you go yeah
alright okay oh I need to find Ernest
Borgnine right yes from cannibal film
you sound disappointed in me and I don't
blame you I mean I made a bet yeah like
I made I made a gamble like Oh cannibal
films cannibal the musical Trey Parker
Ernest Borgnine done right like easy
peasy
alright a man called a horse waiting and
errors what where are you
actors yeah cannibal films scroll down
this thing says actors yeah a man called
horse a man called horse and called
horse boom I'm there all right where can
we go from here
now we can go so that's four click so we
can go western film
Western film is pretty good I'm sure
Ernest Borgnine was in a Western film
did this get nominated for any awards or
anything weird like that's nothing of
course not
we just need we're in a weird place
we're in a weird Wikipedia place and we
need to get out come on hold on you're
trying you're trying you do the slow no
oh no I'm scared
I think think about your options jack
your options rich we need to get on a
roof right now and hunker down on the
roof we need somebody who's won an
Academy Award as Ernest Borgnine won an
Academy Award according to something I
read in the chat he has oh that's great
so now it's your Terrace right maybe
where's your Harris let's don't know I
don't know who won an award or wasn't I
don't know who Richard Harris is I don't
know names is an old name he might have
won something at some point okay let's
do it
Richard Harris five boom oh yeah he
looks old academy awards section
memorials okay yeah he's won Best Actor
in a leading role best actor and leading
role I need to find Academy Award
winners and we need to find Ernest
Borgnine okay so six is Best Actor in a
leading role
all right now I'm not gonna look at the
chat anymore because that would be
cheating at this point I just know he's
won an award I don't know if it was Best
Actor or supporting or what so do we go
leading or supporting and as not a
leading man right premise is one one
right now I with with only that we're
still in the same clique or no actually
another click seven is Academy Award for
Best Actor that's where I am right now
where is
the best actor winner thing link earn
that's I just felt Ernest Ernest Ernest
Borgnine there is remark right you
thought it alright I had to control F
but I got to Ernest Borgnine in eight
clicks the most awful fucked-up way
possible I'm sure there was a much
easier way than eight clicks okay you
guys have got to leave this alone are
you on the artist Borgnine page no I did
not said you found it what do they say
you get two Ernest Borgnine read Jack
Packard pronounced Bork 9 was an
American film and television actor whose
career spanned more than 60 decades he
was an unconventional lead in many films
of the 1950's blah blah blah
he played rich Evans in the 1962-1966
series half in the bag
and co-starred in the mid-1980s action
series
Airwolf he is also known for being the
original voice of Genghis Khan before
Robert xodar on SpongeBob SquarePants
you guys are just terrible okay now
everyone in the chat needs to promise
that you're gonna put it back the way
you found it because I think it's really
funny
what is that is that the air wolf theme
hey rich
yeah look look above Ernest Borgnine
picture Ernest Borgnine oh man oh well
that's right he plays the voice of
Mermaid Man on SpongeBob SquarePants I'm
sure there was a much easier way to get
to him oh man I'm sure there was a much
much easier way to get to him than the
way I did it worked you know what it
worked
I think I think we're gonna end it on
Ernest Borgnine because that seems that
seems very fitting um you can do it
through knit listen I think that was
really funny
but seriously go change you back in
everyone should donate to Wikipedia it's
a resource that people use a lot and
don't donate to so donate to Wikipedia
help them keep their own their
wickedness going their wickedness going
to help them keep the information
flowing but also change all the
information back to the correct
information you don't have to change
your bag if you donate donate they can
worry about it though
donate it back or donate
I like that okay okay
I believe we um we're gonna do a
Wednesday so hopefully if everything
works out we'll do a Wednesday but we
might not we were trying to figure out
filming schedule for something that's
coming up but if not soon or not who
knows and soon or not they'll be a
best-of that I mean I yeah that's the
worst episode coming up soon and out
they'll be a best-of or soon or not
there'll be another previously recorded
but thank you to all of the new
subscribers we really appreciate it
thank you to all the old subscribers and
thank you to all of you who just came
out to watch and change the Wikipedia
page is that really that made my night
we're all terrible people as but you
know what we're not terrible people if
you just put it back right that's this
but in any case thank you all for coming
out have a nice one
