Rich - Armchair General (Part 1)
October 19, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NpKCz4Hul8k

or I was absolutely miserable during
wrote are you and only you everyone else
that agrees yeah yeah can you are you
going to name this FTL the lessons of
life don't you know the lessons of life
learn the lessons of life you try what
and just what a weird insults I I know I
know hold on I'm gonna refill my water
I'll be right back you talk to him
wrench okay um hi hi this is awkward how
are you doing chat I'm doing okay I I
heard that RiffTrax did wrote or did
they do they were they upfront about the
fact that we did it first because
apparently that's something you have to
do right by God why is my second most
played game Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
you know what that I'm not saying that's
a great game but I'm a Teenage Mutant
Ninja Turtles fan and it's a short game
to play through so it's easily
replayable and I I enjoy it well enough
I can I can overlook the flaws it has
due to my Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
nostalgia and the fact that the co-op
multiplayer is completely broken doesn't
bother me as I play everything
single-player anyway so that's how I can
have that many hours in the Ninja
Turtles game as far as why I don't have
that many hours and other things I've I
play a lot of things that aren't on
Steam I was very slow
again steam because it basically is just
a big di RM service and you know I have
a lot of older games that I like to play
that just aren't attached to steam my
thief games aren't attached the theme
doom not attached the theme FTL I would
have so many fucking hours logged on to
FTL I don't know what they are because I
play the version I bought off of gog gog
comm they sell a lot of games and they
are all completely drm free you buy a
game off of gog it's yours
you own it do what you want with it you
don't need steams permission you don't
need origins permission don't need that
fucking you play thing that that Ubisoft
has you just install it when you want
and play it when you want you can even
do it offline so there's there's my
answer to the the the Teenage Mutant
Ninja Turtles rich just give us your
catchphrases we don't care about the
TMNT I'm wearing panties there you go
catchphrase yeah I gotta say this is
what I come back to yeah why didn't you
make that one of the quotes like you
used to do that the freeze-frame with
the text quote I'm wearing panties no I
thought people don't like that really
they don't like it well it's because
they didn't understand they didn't
understand then I was trying to give it
I was trying to I was trying to do box
quotes yeah but you know just put it up
on the screen and so but yeah they
didn't like just the just like the the
freeze-frame in title stuff I thought it
was funny but people don't like it just
fine you keep right on doing it jack I
mean I had one in this the episode the
box quote OVA technically a game so I
wouldn't freeze frame on I'm wearing
panties because I just gameplay thing
right yeah I just I wanted to talk about
the Pope's which we're lacking yeah no I
I've received a lot of negative feedback
on the pause for the quotes
and in general I pay attention to what
people say and you know it's it's not
like I felt very strongly about them one
way or another okay okay oh I don't know
if people hear that Jack what life
lessons can we gain from alien isolation
you're we all have a finite amount of
time in life and so 20 hours in in 20
hours you could I don't know build a
boat
mm-hmm you could paint a painting you
could go talk to that gal or that guy
that you've been thinking about talking
to you can do a lot of stuff in 20 hours
and it shouldn't be wasted then that's
the that's the life lesson
all right odd ways through 20 hours my
ak1 lost in Technicolor they both called
it early for crew members well we're
getting there
we're getting there I know we're getting
there I don't want to forget cuz they
called it very early and they seemed
excited about it and you know if we're
gonna make somebody crew members it may
as well be people who really care about
it so yeah sure no give me one second
here just have to change some stuff
around in this stream my life lesson
from 20 hours of alien isolation was I I
could have been playing FTL that was my
life lesson every every every moment I
was playing in a cancer I could apply an
FTL right now I could be playing FTL hey
Avery told Iverson yeah I'm all radical
thank you for subscribing we super
appreciate
well this is the thing right this is the
thing about time and how we choose to
spend our time oh we got to choose a
ship well your is your run this is my
run and by the way my run probably gonna
be uneasy
okay Jeff do you have anything else
unlock up I don't cuz I know I don't
to be fair this is your Windows version
and your Mac one has stuff unlocked not
this first I understand I think I think
the chat does deep down inside the chat
knows but do they all right I'm going
I'm going Kestrel so first things first
okay wait what were the names mi y AC
one one my AK my ex is gonna be our
captain I was the only guy lost in
technicolor and there's been a sea of
other volunteers so what arbitrary way
do you want to pick the last one the
first person who says pants
that's that's what I call my fiancee
what pants yeah I call her pants okay
and okay I thought okay you say okay
there oh the real Quaid oh the real
Quaid that's funny I'm just I'm just
gonna call you Quaid oh my god
Thank You Kotter damn you've just
subscribed previously recorded and we
appreciate it
okay so we got I was there to pick up
the slack jacket thank you we got my AK
we got tech and we got Quaid so now
something very important the ship here's
my here's my here's my suggestion for
the ship you'll see in a second tell me
what you think about it
you know I'll tell you in about a minute
but it actually comes up by my vote
before I see it is the don't don't if I
don't don't Jack they're both fine boys
this okay so the don't don't
or the USS panties this is a no life
lesson okay people people like the
lessons of life life the USS life
lessons
okay okay
USS life lessons done lessons of oh
that's gonna better hold on
bless the ends here we're gonna misspell
stuff Lucien's
off life okay area was the ends of life
boy fect okay advanced addition content
enabled let's get this started
everybody knows the story by now I'm not
going through that story for what FTL oh
oh yeah I you know what I did rich I
skipped the cutscene it's true and I
would do it again I skipped it I'm gonna
do it again yeah we gotta intervene
so to defend that outpost you know or
die trying
I'm not feeling this already
why what happened already they have a
they have a drone that's taking out my
shield and I have a beam weapon go over
wait wait wait wait let's go for the
drone first there we go nice got it I
got a ridge okay everything's fine
okay now this can't get me with the beam
weapon
we're just gonna do that again it's
targeted make sure that drone is not
working because the beam weapon can cut
through my shoes yes for anyone who
wants to know why we're going for the
drone the beam weapon is basically
useless right now beam weapon cannot cut
through shields
I would like to damage a little bit just
so I can hit their beam weapon more
effectively but you know sometimes you
just got to play this game slow I've got
like an ng on they're repairing shit
quick no I got it I blew it up it's fine
it's crap oh and the Oh excellence crap
from the outpost who I defended there's
a fire already and BB C I'm not much
help him I'm like a minute behind it any
news that pops up here or so oh there's
a fire in shield that's fine that's fine
if something comes up you're gonna have
to explain it to me as it's happening
they they shot out the cameras and so I
couldn't see inside and there's fire
there's a fire in there apparently and
it took out shields but I just spent it
now we'll go in and repair stuff pear
repair
our oxygen working yes okay our oxygen
is where hands fine they want me to
choose
XCOM or FTL no ultimately I would go X
come ultimately I love ft although it's
it's good FTL is great in like short
chunks you can you can play a game of
FTL real quick a game of XCOM will take
considerably longer yeah yeah okay okay
I'm a tea scrap on the first jump ooh
sweeps a tea scrap and I just got to a
place where I can sell missiles first
ground keep it and a hundred missiles a
scrap honors grant yeah just in case you
like that's spending money if you run
across the store or something okay so
rather than rather than upgrading right
away sure but do you see those amounts
I'd have to sell all of my missiles to
get thirty scrap do you own or do I just
sell five and get 15 scrap so five I
hate missile weapons they're good for
the first sector they're not bad though
and I wouldn't want to be completely
empty on the first sector absolutely
until I get another weapon I can't get
rid of all the missiles alright so
they're charging their FTL oh they're
hacking my engines already that's not a
big deal
no what are they armed with they have a
oh they have oh they have two beam
weapons it's not even a big deal
oh yeah the only problem is they're
after us you are going inside I would if
they only have two beam weapons I would
go for an engine and inner engine or
piloting so the decide to retreat they
can yeah missile their engine so now
they can
and I'm missile two there right lasered
their shields so another an open target
so basically I'm gonna I'm gonna fuck
him up I'm gonna fuck him up right about
now
good and they're dead good yes you know
what that is good Oh 121 scrap already
oh it's that's nice let's start start
with the engine and you know engine or
shields it could be a coin flip I like I
mean you know shields are a guaranteed
defense against like lasers beam weapons
and blast but missiles go straight
through shields and the only thing
that'll dodge your missile was engines
yeah yeah that's true okay scans reveal
a large asteroid field nearby short
range scanners may discover useful
material while we wait for the FTL to
recharge I am going to explore the
asteroid field because we've been doing
pretty well so far
okay we've yields nothing of interest
that was a fine that's fine cool but we
get a distress call over here so we're
gonna go to the distress I love distress
calls let's see here you follow distress
begin to a tiny asteroid belt you find a
small ship struggling to maneuver
through the field elbahr shields are
down and we won't last long
try to shield them with your ship or
don't risk the ship I'm going to try to
shield them with my ship worst-case
scenario you lose five points a hole but
you gain scrap oh I only lost four
points of haul and gained 11 okay yeah
you can always get an event that'll fix
up hold ya and then you're actually up
ahead and if that happens so yeah yes I
am four people ask I am on skype right
now yeah if I sound weird or something
blame blame Skype
yeah every once in a while you sound a
little a little bleepity bleep robot
a little robot esque I am robot I know
what how dare you guys insult aliens
isolation like that
and by how dare you guys install the
aliens isolation like that I mean thank
God you guys are reasonable people how
the hell did it get nines I can't figure
that out it has gotten a bunch of really
good reviews and I have no idea why no
idea oh all right
mercenaries oh just mercenaries seems
you're having some trouble with the
rebels I'd like to help you but I can't
afford the upkeep required of this hunk
of junk I'm flying maybe we can come to
an agreement we can hire them to delay
the rebels fight the ship or we have no
need for their services
how many do you think you could make up
you think you can make up the scrap with
the delay with the two extra jumps
essentially I am gonna delay the rebels
then do it if you make how much is I
can't see how much it is but oh man I
can do I get two jumps here and then I
can hit a store right before the exit
okay yeah oh god damn it
delay delay that exit as long as you can
item and we're at a son which means the
son can hurt us so we're gonna just try
to destroy these people as quickly as
possible
is my plan because every single solar
flare is gonna cause a fire on our ship
and that's gonna be a big old pain in
the ass it's manageable
it's manageable I would rather not have
to deal with it he's just got the the
one laser all those are easy I've always
got a drunk take out drone okay as long
as you take out one or the other well
you know what I'm gonna tell you
something this is this is sage advice
okay in that case where you've got the
the laser that can't get through your
shields and you have the that that blast
thing you know that's gonna hit your
shields and and take your shields down
but not get through your shields yeah
you're better taking out the laser
because if his blast can't get to your
ship anyway
worst case scenario best-case well work
yeah worst-case scenarios you might
dodge a few shots and your pilot levels
up okay don't don't underestimate having
the well-trained crew a small civilian
ship flies over as soon as you arrive
you are prepared to fight but they just
inform you that they're out of FTL fuel
and can't jump give them three fuel or
apologize and wish them luck and
continue on what are you looking like
I'm fuel I got 13 I'm pretty good and
I'm about to hit a store with a hundred
okay 40 okay some sometimes these
fuckers just update your math which is
infuriating absolutely and I wouldn't
need it right now anyway because I'm
almost done with the level but maybe
they'll give me some good they might
they mine I gave them the fuel
thank the gods we can finally get out of
here we're jumping straight home so take
this extra weapon
whoa what'd you get Oh a healing burst
that's well that's it that's if you if
you get a teleporter yeah
the healing burst is nice myself a
teleporting healing unit that can
instantly heal oh yeah you you send your
crew over you start killing people and
then when you're running low on health
shoot that room with the healing beam
and your your boarding party will go
back to full health okay and you you can
keep killing people
Healing bursts and and some mantises and
a teleporter yeah yeah you're in for
some fun times okay now oh I think
you'll you'll see this in a second I
have a five a fun decision to make here
because I'm in the range of two stores
yeah and and for the record I am skyping
and I am watching this delayed I'm
watching the stream with you guys so
yeah I can't I can't see what's
happening us it's happening yes and and
I just see someone talking about IGN's
review of alien and they're the only
people who apparently played alien I
don't I don't believe that any other
reviewer has played alien because okay
so we have one store that's further away
but I could still jump to the next door
and hit the I could hit both stores uh
it's worth it to find a good weapon but
it's like if you hit the one store it's
like hey I'd do it tick hit bolt hits
yeah it hit the one and then the one by
the exit hit the further one on the one
by the exit yep okay all right I'm gonna
do it
I don't think I'll have time to go back
to the first stores the family uh you
will it goes straight there right no I
mean yeah it go straight there yeah that
mine packing
we have mine control and hacking are
easy to find it stores
another three oh not three three sets oh
my god requires four power
yeah it yeah it did three is sucking two
is amazing but three sucks we have a
heavy laser one yes I think advice some
fuel and see what's at the other store
yeah okay about to fuel I don't think so
you may as well buy all the fuel don't
fuck around by all of you'll help you
buy all the fuel all right you're right
you're right alright let's go to this
other store backup battery I don't like
the backup battery again I've never oh
my Oh a new weapon what swarm missiles
and I don't like that we got a heavy ion
heavy ions good IV is good we got a
Hermes missile I don't care about that
we got a heavy ion I am good
I like ion weaponry I love I am if you
get two two ions are great so then the
question is like duo how much power does
that take it requires two to two of
those are really good
is it enough where I could get rid of my
Artemis yes like so much I could sell my
Artemis yes and get the heavy ion and
then I'd have enough to fix up my ship
and then upgrade some stuff what else is
available as far as equipment there I'm
a drone control cloaking which I don't
have enough for and backup battery again
okay and then to missile things which I
don't care about I know I know people
seem to love cloaking cloaking is great
but I can't afford it way if I sell yeah
yeah I asked a lot of money right now
and I can't I can't what I would even if
I sell the Artemis I can't afford it I
would I would buy the heavy ion sell the
missile okay upgrade upgrade your your
ships weapon slot one so you can use the
the laser and the ion with you I'm with
you and get some fuel I don't know if
you if you want to bother with repairs
that's up to you I mean you're still on
the green right and I'd want to upgrade
my engines at some point too and engines
engines or shield your your call
I have enough to where my engines one
okay there we go
okay great so I've just done all of that
I have I now have the heavy ion and the
burst laser which is a pretty killer
combo yeah I got three engine slots and
a whole bunch of fuel so actually I
might be able to go get some more fuel
yeah all right and and I think I had
enough left over to fix one slot that's
what that's fun
all right now to the exit
don't don't pooh-pooh a nickel you say
that all the time I love it when you say
that ooh scanners are showing
intelligent life forms on a nearby
planet no match for them can be found in
the database I kind of want to
investigate you land a small shuttle in
an enormous field whose only occupants
are a small brightly colored six legged
horse like animal could they be what
your scans have picked up tried a case
really try to communicate okay yeah um
yeah best-case scenario you actually get
another crew member with that one you
try to communicate in every possible way
but they just can't stay in this town
judging me with their large
expressionless eyes you prepare to leave
I and I apparently I left all right
okay so nothing happened if you if you
try to take one to sell it it might turn
violent in your ship and hurt somebody
yeah if if you do the communicate
peacefully either nothing will happen or
they will take you to a crashed ng ship
and you get a free ng oh yeah that's
good all right I'm gonna go - I'm gonna
go civilian sector unidentified hostile
sector civilian sector what does it
hostile and civilian it's hostile
civilian Oh civilian hostile civilian
yeah or else I can go and do what you I
mean you're what are your preference
what kind of sectors do you like I like
hitting the red sectors early just cuz
you know usually the red sectors will
have a higher output yeah and so right
now it's either ng or civilian and so if
I take the civilian path I have more
options like I can take the hostile set
a sector and then if I'm doing really
well I can take more hostile sectors or
if I'm not doing as well I can take some
civilian sectors so your call I have no
strong preferences if I go to ng control
though like it's an ng sector and I
could get some cool shit
decisions I'm gonna go with my gut on
this one and go to civilian okay that's
what my gut says rich okay listen I
honestly have no strong opinions on that
shirt so all right let's do this I
haven't done the math I'm not sure if
you can get more scrap out of a red zone
or not I know there I know there are
more stores in the green zones
oh my god
what do you hack your shields were you
sure did but that's okay because we have
the ion
what's he runnin with weapon-wise
nothing anymore I took him down
obviously a missile launcher of course
apparently lost in Technicolor I can't
see the thing he's firing at so we're
missing all of our shots but that's fine
that's fine there we go thank you
all right now he missed a couple he
missed a couple important shots but
that's fine oh yeah nice scrap yield
from then you know a technicolour your
your penance now is repairing the
shields that's what you get yeah you
know what if I have to train somebody to
fix things okay you know you have one
guy designated as a fixer yeah
Gunnar's not a bad one because that way
if your weapons go down he's right in
there all ready to start fixing them
absolutely well shields are good because
nobody gives a fuck if the shield guy
leaves his post well but I've never seen
that much of a benefit from the shield
guy I I've never had an issue with with
shields not recharging fast enough that
10% you get it helps okay
overhearing their conversations it seems
that they might need to take possession
of an enemy ship intact yeah we need to
try add transporter for that oh I can
offer my services you can but they'll
just say go away you're gonna have the
right equipment I mean yeah all right
the necessarily me alone Oh a distress
signal let's go there
ooh distress somebody's in trouble
Oh oh no it's this one again we have to
we have to try to shield them with our
ship that's fine that's fine sometimes
it works lost again better though we
only took one damage to the hull but got
40 scrap oh you know that fix fuel damn
dog do we have enough to prayer shields
were made 5050 but we need a hundred
times greater shield we don't have quite
enough
if we had a hundred scrap we can upgrade
our shields let's save it up save it up
saving it up all right
I think like I said try it oh you got a
fire going doing yep sure do thank you
for noticing that I I wouldn't spend
immediately if you haven't done that yet
I have not I don't don't try and I try
and hold on to a hundred just in case I
run to us run into a store and they've
got some kind of great fucking equipment
sure and I have not I
nothing nothing would piss me off more
than getting to a store after I just
spent ninety scrap and they have a
fucking burst laser - sure that would
piss me off so much
putting out the fire you unbothered rich
was so cool about the fire safety there
always is it in your engine isn't in
your your your oh my god it's just
spreading out of control like that I got
it already
don't worry all right all right all
right out of control I took this has
been bugging me for a la octo Jay says
the whale tanks weren't made out of
transparent aluminum Scotty traded the
specs for that in return for plexiglass
Mike Mike is aware of the gaffe what do
you want him to do about it
a couple of years late October but Mike
knows Mike knows bad he made a mistake
and it haunts him daily mostly because
we keep bringing it up hey Mike what
about that transparent aluminum and he
just shakes his head
octo Janos Mike isn't here what's up
with octo J today what's up with octo J
today's calling us Mike I don't know I
don't know idea what's up
I'm not being mean I'm being sassy and
for the record I get my PC parts from
from New Age usually I think I've heard
of or talk about building pcs and
whatnot and I do not I do not know any
sort of coding which I have made some
fantastic decisions
that's the thing you should know about
me I have made some fantastic decisions
in regards to my FTL run I went into
that little nebula and I fight two
little Scout ships with no shielding
yeah and I mean it's just it's worth it
for all the scrap that I'm getting yeah
ships are easy prey for easy targets
absolutely boom
crap oh now I got 130 scrap we'll
mention for those shields I'm gonna wait
though I'm gonna what would rich Evans
do I'm gonna wait wait what happened
tell me tell me the scenario Jack what
are you waiting for
oh I want I want double shields and so I
okay I have enough scrap for the next
level of shields bot you can you can
start building them just just try to
keep it at about a hundred yeah
but unless you run into a store oh yay
oh no mercenaries I want slaver ships
yeah I know I know bushes are you what
are you going to fight them anyway
you're gonna hire them to stall I'm not
gonna hire them to stall
can you would you be able to hit
significantly more jump since the
question no or you are you right next to
the end I'm right I'm kind of right next
to the end I could explore a little bit
more but I got it could be for naught
okay
or I could fight him well I if you don't
fight him it's a waste of a jump yeah
all right let's fight him let's see what
happens and they got that annoying super
she'll keep that in mind but eye on
weapons eye on weapons do more than
usual damage against the shield the
super shield
okay oh they missed their first couple
ones
oh they're super shield is already down
sweet they got nothing punk asses they
thought they were gonna delay the rebels
for you she's well they would delay
their the rebels with their own idiocy I
guess accept their offer
am i generous am i generous what are
they what are they offering to fuel one
missile and 17 scrap fuck no alright
fuck you guys you know I'm gonna do I'm
gonna blow up your oxygen just cuz I can
with that I know your weapons are coming
back online I don't care you Ted okay
great we still got a fuel and got 22
scrap worth it for killing them and a
store yes
yes that's why you don't blow your wad
peaceably oh here's what I can do I can
just given these guys quotes Jack yeah
I'm so generous rich Evans that's why
you don't blow your wad
oh rich have you beaten FTL on a hard
difficulty I have no knows it's that's
that's new with the advanced edition
right hard hard yeah I'm pretty sure it
is I think the original just said easy
and normal so I haven't played around
with hard much yet and it I'm gonna be
honest with you kind of terrifies me
okay I'm terrified of FTL on hard hey
rich
yeah we arrived at a distress beacon
near a small asteroid belt and find a
ship with pirate markings partially
crushed between two large rocks they
must have been illegally mining the belt
without proper equipment do we try to
dislodge the ship by shooting at the
rocks or destroy and loot the ship I
mean if you don't if you don't have a
beam weapon you're gonna take damage
doing it and they'll blow up anyway okay
so I should just destroy anything to
show you you might get lucky trying to
dislodge them but like if you have a
beam weapon that's a guaranteed success
sure sure sure I mean you'll take some
whole damage I mean if you want you
could just blow them up is that an
option just shoot them yeah I can
destroy and loot the show you could do
that as it's evil it's definitely what
happened you decided the pirate is not
worth saving and fire a few volleys into
their hull before you can scrap the
remains another pirate ship flashes over
that's a new thing for me yeah I've
never had that happen
perhaps they saw your deed or perhaps
they want to claim the spoils for
themselves but whatever the reason
they're charging weapons
actually this is better I'd rather fight
a real ship what are they got they have
an oh my god they have a good drone shit
okay all right hold on they have a fire
twice kind of drone shit okay they don't
have a drone anymore that's great
and shields come on shields
you down next great all right yeah
they're fucked they're fucked now that
was scary though for second person well
they took that did take down your
shields their drone was taking down my
shields and then they had to or then oh
yeah and the fuck you cannons and the
fuck you cannons so but you know what
it's fine now they ain't got shit ain't
got shit now and they're about to die
dirty pirate scum can you unlock pirate
ships can you be a pirate some of the
sea layouts have like pirate paid jobs
yeah um
good sorry I'm sorry no no no problem we
get fuel we get 28 scrap and defence
drone mark wanna punish we gotta gotta
get some people in to repair we got some
home damage here rich talk about
enterprise did you like it listen okay
did you hate it Jack we ever did you
ever watch other press here's the thing
about me I I think you know we've talked
about this you know this about me I
really like Star Trek and I did not
watch it even a single episode of
enterprise
I thought the pilot was fine and and
then that show got really bad really
quick I've watched about three episodes
and watched like the first three
episodes and then I haven't watched
another one sense wow that bad yeah yeah
yeah yeah why worried about that okay I
do that oh I totally can
and I do that here's the question rich I
can hit a store right now and I have a
hundred and seventy nine scrap I'm doing
good in the store Department huh
or I could try to hit one to hit the
store hit another one and no no that's
not gonna work on this oh wait wait
what's what's the what's the problem
here wait wait wait here's what here's
what I'm thinking can I hit another zone
before I hit the store just to try to
you know get the most scrap I can I
would hit the store first there's so
many beacons by the exit if you're if
you're close to the exit and you think
you can make it you can make that
decision then but I wouldn't put myself
into I wouldn't put myself into the hole
early you're right play it safe play it
safe Oh crew members crew teleporter oh
all right all right let me know what we
got free mega purchase okay oh man we we
have a lot we have a lot in here okay so
we have teleporters well that's control
we have hacking but more importantly
rich we have two Rock crew members and a
mantis crew member what's on page two on
page two is fire suppression
automatically puts out fires throughout
the shift yeah yeah can see respirators
crew takes half damage from low oxygen
and reverse ion field have you ever
tried a boarding strategy before Jack oh
absolutely I love boarding strategies
and tilt so if you board a ship and kill
the crew instead of destroying a ship
you get exponentially more scrap so here
we have two amazing fighting glasses and
a teleporter the Mantis the rock man and
the teleporter would be amazing with it
especially with your healing burst but I
would need to fund something expensive
what do you have to sell whoo I got that
defense yeah then we got that defense
drone yeah
I'm a defense drone that gives me 25 and
I have the heal beam which of course
could be a major part of my boarding
strategy but if I sell the defense drone
for 25 if you're on with the big
strategy I'd sell that defense drone
before you sell the fucking he'll burst
oh sure sure yeah I'm with you I can do
this it means putting off a lot of
upgrades I mean your shields still a 1
your engine stole only what upgraded one
little blip yeah but it means going all
in on this boarding thing it does it
really does but it also would mean a
shit ton of scrap okay wait let's do
some man I know 110 110 200 I need 200
and right now I have 180 and I can sell
for 25 okay I can do this
I'm doing it okay I'm going all-in okay
ok crew teleporter these rocks are that
much different mantas Rock and I'm gonna
fix too so I'm back in the green great
ok
all right we need some we need some
subscribers here it was gonna call it a
fearful sludge boy boy and who else we
got John keel oh god yo first two people
I saw him called it right right it
sludge Bowl I'm John keel oh you are our
fighters now got a teleporter they're
gonna die you're good I mean that's just
something you guys have to deal with is
your and inevitable death do you do you
have any leftover scrap for repairs I
have absolutely zero scrap okay okay
right now I have zero scrap and I need
to take away an engine just to power the
teleporters
Mario Mario you say you call dibs they
were the first two people I saw and
obviously I I'm prone to errors maybe I
didn't see you but that's that's what I
saw
yeah no hey if that's what you saw
that's what you saw no I don't like this
look we're all in it doesn't matter oh
we're in an asteroid field crocodile
brain vs. lion brain who wins that was
another part of that guy's rambling
comment with the life life lessons life
of lessons yeah
it's day so there's something wrong like
crocodile and lion brains yeah I have to
go back and find that full comment it
was beautiful it was just beautiful oh
yeah you should have put somebody in the
sensor room before you just went in
there blindly but okay okay absolutely
because my guys are dying well get that
start channeling that healing burst why
did you start oh my god you're going for
the the the the boarding strategy and
you didn't start charging up your
healing birds Jack it's because I'm dumb
rich and are you still shooting up the
ship no I'm not shooting at the ship
okay okay I'm just gonna keep moving my
guys
what did they hit me they still got a
missile launcher up you can shoot you
can afford to take the time you shoot
that oh no here I can get it back now I
can get him back now
I didn't lose anybody I didn't lose
anybody it's fine it's fine right okay
okay cool the heal beam is a missile
weapon yeah won't be a pain in the ass
if I didn't go through shields so you
know yeah and somebody brings a point up
and it's not a bad point if you if
you're using the you know with the
boarding strategy and you don't want to
shoot the ship anyway you may as well
use the ion weapon or not the burst
laser and I used both I just wanted to
take down I just wanted to take down
their weapons okay hold on
we can still we can still salvage this
mission yeah you totally can we totally
take off the first laser put back on the
ion
I on their weapons my heal beam is ready
to go at any moment come on get over
there
I'm kilo now you're probably trying to
repair engines right now oh yeah I got
this I got this
es so little help easy peasy
wanted okay good good I want it but I
still need to wait for my my thing that
cool down and we're in an asteroid belt
the ship only has two hits come really
come on you okay good I got him I got
him that would have been terrible
well if you lost him to a stray asteroid
yeah yep there's some risk involved yes
but we did it we did it I got some fuel
got some nice grab John kilo says jack
is going to abandon me at a dying ship I
can see it already
sludge boy says last time I served in
FTL I was stuck in the shield room I'm
finally using my fist like in real
science fiction so alright I find a
small space station that appears to be
abandoned town let's move in to examine
the station you docked with the station
to look inside however no sooner do you
open the airlock than Pirates burst in
meanwhile scanners pick up a previously
undetected pirate ship moving in for the
attack oh no there's intruders on board
yeah you can deal with that you're gonna
go mantas in a rock man it's just two
it's two engineers oh my god
Oh what
this is gonna be fucking dumbest pirates
ever that's fine
and they're going for my sensors really
you're going for sensors fine do what
you do Oh Oh what are you doing mantis
Oh
all right here we go we got by the way
rich after one hit they were looking for
surrender already one head did board
your ship with engies that's true I will
not accept surrender I'm going to kill
them hold on we need to fix some oxygen
no we need to repair our oxygen there's
some fighting happening pretty exciting
stuff you don't understand this question
okay what it's what is rich in Jay and
I'm assuming they mean jack what is rich
in Jay's favorite Mick G movie what does
a Mick G movie Mick G directed a bunch
of like okay who is Mickey gee he's a
director he did he did Charlie's Angels
okay okay he directed a bunch of
schlocky action in kind of the early
aughts I can't think of any other movie
he's done besides the chart Charlie's
Angel
so that tells you how important McGee is
to my life
oh he did terminate her for Jesus Christ
look him up look at my bridge oh why
didn't you borrow me ah that's a good
question because I was fighting there
guys and then by the time by the time my
guys got done fighting their guys their
ship was our only unlike one thing is
why is weapons for time you get it done
yeah I could have I could if I well you
know what I started thinking about
making gee that's my problem
that's my problem right there all right
all right let's go let's gooo jump next
sector this is this is a sector called
abandoned sector you've never been to
one of those I don't think I've ever
been one oh you already went there yeah
it was getting bored what you can't
board what do you mean I can't board
Lenna ships they don't have oxygen
Lanice ships they're the new race for
the advanced edition oh my god they they
work in oxygen less ships
if you try to beam over you'll just die
oh my god rich then oh I've made a
terrible decision yes you have this is
why Jack this is why you tell me
everything you take all right oh here we
go by the way by the way rich this is
the common okay
from that guy oh good the alien doesn't
have eyesight you dumb fat skinny fucks
it's pure instance look crocodile brain
like lion brain don't play the game
uninstall it you boring twats don't
don't about stuff you don't like do you
know lessons of life talk about stuff
you do like twats
I'm gonna copy paste that right now
thank you fearful sludge boy by the way
thank you
this is that quote is going on my
tombstone okay you've heard it all here
that is my my single dying request that
quote is going on my tombstone the alien
doesn't have eyesight your dumb fat
skinny fucks it's for instance the
crocodile brain like wyan brain don't
play the game I'm sorry no that's great
I'm filled with such a bridge do we want
to be nice to the lana's that attacked
us well what's the offering 21 spread
and to fuel to fuel but I have 23 fuel
yeah is he offering missiles
he offered one missile and plump up time
doing it
blowing up commencing
our next round for blowing up my area
okay yeah I got to fuel 30 scrap that's
pretty good I gotta hit up this store
though now I can hit one more sector
first I could add one more sector first
I want to go here then here Bath fuck'em
do you ever show mercy rich yeah if
they're offering me fuel like a decent
amount of fuel sure show mercy for that
or if they want to throw in a weapon
which I've seen happen once or twice
I'll take a decent weapon your scans
have picked up alanis vessel in the
system it appears to be navigating a
rich debris field harvesting the
minerals do we attempt to harvest attack
the vessel or ignore the vessel not sure
I'm up to you I'm gonna attempt to
harvest okay as you attempt to navigate
the debris you come too close to the
line of ship and they proceed to try to
harvest you that's good then we get the
blow somebody up yeah
I'm okay with this and that makes me
happy not as not as happy as don't don't
you like something you don't like
lessons of life crocodile brain it's the
crocodile brain part that makes me to
have like lion brain my crocodile
trained like lion brain don't don't you
review a thing you don't like
the review was worth it just for that oh
nice so we we destroyed that fuck that
trying to get us and we got 40 scrap in
a fuel we investigate the debris we get
an extra tool t2 scrap and three school
sweet oh that was well worth it so now
we are really good now we are really
good to jump to this store alright
oh you near a store good good yeah dump
into this door Oh Lana screw well here's
the deal with here's the deal with
Atlantis you have to know this okay any
room they're in slowly loses oxygen
right so with using using them as though
there's two there's Todd oh that would
be in a slug to to Lance would make for
an interesting boarding party oh my god
you're absolutely right I've never tried
it I don't know how well it would work
in practice but in theory two guys
sucking the air out you get like just
beam them right into their fucking
oxygen room sure drains oxygen from
rooms slow movement but no damage from
lack of oxygen that's honest that's
expensive and you already spent a lot of
money on a menace and a rock-men yeah
but like I could move my man says to my
shields cuz I need someone I know anyway
you're you're at a point though you're
starting to really need general upgrades
