Strider, Laser Robots WOO!!!
December 10, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ln7tk2Qbk-E

did you guys know that Capcom still
makes games I just discovered this I
remember kept gum from when I was a kid
I couldn't even tell you what games were
Capcom games oh yeah you name one you
know what what is one from like like an
old Nintendo era won't be a Capcom game
okay then I know Megaman I remember old
videogame company logos the same way I
remember old sod like movie production
company logo oh yeah like for the
longest time I thought the 20th Century
Fox logo I thought that wasn't just a
part of the start of Star Wars no that
was it's just always been the beginning
of Star Wars
it won't be no no no no oh how weird
yeah
Oh it'll start with a Disney theme I
think in the castle they did for Tron
that was a different type of movie yeah
but they did like the Tron version of
the Disney Castle that'll be weird yeah
it'll be the Disney Castle with like Tie
Fighters flying around it but they'll
probably do something like that yeah oh
hey we're playing straighter this is
Jack playing this game yeah what what
ranking what what difficulty jack normal
okay I'm gonna be normal fine I've never
played the game before fine choice one
gunman I don't know what you're talking
about I don't know what stalker is is it
a movie I haven't seen it if it is well
they they have seen it pop up a couple
times he's asking me specifically but I
don't know what it is I don't know what
it was maybe he's got the wrong fuckin
title that's possible
you don't great so far Jack I'm just
learning to analyze I'm giving you shit
okay so that's what I do I like it so
apparently this game even though it's a
2d side-scroller can't couldn't run on
Rich's old computer I mean it's it's 3d
graphics it in a 2d picnic insisted on
having a DirectX
I'm sure just check in now there's a
slight move there's a slide down moving
down and pressing X hey hey hey hey Jim
when you press it down oh look I wish I
could use the d-pad can use the oh here
oh okay I figured out d-pad is always
preferable I'm game for - yeah I ate
Donuts the the war documentary thing I
didn't get tricked into doing it it was
a friend of mine was the producer on it
I did not get tricked I knew when I was
doing actually fun story about that they
were shooting the scene where it's all
these people protesting for an
eight-hour workday and then they all get
shot and killed and this is what really
happened then I sent to the director
Tony as like what are you gonna do for
when we get shot he's like oh I don't
know you guys fall over and maybe we'll
let some digital blood later I was like
screw that I got a gallon a fake one in
the trunk of my car right now I got it
and he goes nobody goes why do you have
a gal with a big one your cars and I
said four times like this
so then I brought my fake blood we
poured it all over everybody that's
great nice I didn't care wasn't mine
they didn't care I guess so it was mine
yeah the making of Milwaukee it was like
a multi-part documentary that aired on
the PBS I think so yeah I didn't think
as a friend of mine produced it and said
hey do you wanna come down and do this
thing you're saying fake what I swears I
swear I made it myself
rose up Carol oh yes Caro syrup and food
coloring
I like that you have fake one at grade I
didn't that point I don't remember
actually why I headed my trunk but it
was it been there for a while what were
you think Jack oh it's alright a little
too dumb for you yeah I mean we'll see
how are you saying playing it uh normal
so not now it's meant to be yeah yeah oh
yeah yeah it's it's good fun you know
it's it's a brawler tell my stories a
hack-and-slash if you will where swallow
might have to swallow swallow yeah
because that sounds like a nun nautical
term oh no we can't go out fishing today
there's a swallow out like a Boston
accent it's like a Jaws yeah I kind of
like this word it's like a big open
level and I can just kind of curl and
flip all around that's doing love how
the enemies go into that like black dust
cloud and when I kill them
that's super deep love the cartoon the
cartoonists I wish I had a double jump
and it upsets me that I don't have a
double jump well they're appearing there
are freaks yes might be something like
that I can only assume but I want it now
oh oh oh oh most iconic movie of the 90s
probably pulp fiction
yeah address park Jurassic Park yeah as
far as as far as groundbreaking I mean
just Park started big dumb night new CGI
okay kind of change changing surgeries
yeah well that's the thing
iconic to whom yeah it's hard to say
what's that kind of I would say pulp
fiction as far as just a great movie
from that from the 90s as far as then
the influence it had on you know folks
today
yeah but it that influenced things in a
bad way I know great of a movies it is
that's true I don't know yeah I guess I
don't know what mechanic would mean
Jurassic park's what they realize oh we
don't need a story at all
well no Jurassic Park is a fine story
and it's idiots that saw it and said Oh
people must just like the CGI dinosaurs
started that trend of crap yeah yeah
these guys respawn is that one yes oh I
thought I was trying to kill him
oh okay
yes company gets the Brady Bunch movie
that was the most forgot almost the
Brady Bunch movie yes yeah I think so
it was kind of a hit when it came out it
did well enough to get a sequel never
being clever I know yeah that's true
there's a lot of movies like that that's
like when people say like when they see
a trailer for a new movie that comes out
that just looks terrible and everybody
like bitches endlessly it's like just
imagine in two decades no one will
remember that movie anyway like every
decade has terrible terrible movies but
those aren't the ones that stick around
I will I might argue that while pulp
fiction um
pulp fiction is iconic especially to
filmmakers who are now making movies I
would argue an equal importance with
clerks as far as iconic Chinese movies
yeah I couldn't think of like like
Clark's Pulp Fiction El Mariachi I
always kind of grouped those three
together you're now though I guess
technically should say Reservoir Dogs
not pulp fiction but that whole era were
in like independent films we're starting
to get known yeah like there's a thing
that people could do Oh opens you kind
of go to the other but I think Pulp
Fiction was the real one where it's like
Tarantino my god fateful fiction with
off Reservoir but yeah fiction is the
one that really got notice yeah yeah but
we wouldn't have we wouldn't have all of
the next wave of independent filmmakers
if it wasn't for carts yeah
which clerk clerks is barred to me now
just because of how much I dislike Kevin
Smith absolutely but at the time I mean
that was a huge influential movie it's
like Oh anyone can make a movie and not
just that like it it invent I mean it
didn't invent it solidified the
pop-culture reference as witty dialogue
yeah which of course is a terrible thing
it didn't seem like a terrible thing at
the time it's like hey they're talking
about things that I talked about this is
neat and different they're doing that
together yeah now it's oh this is
insufferable isn't that I've never
watched the Big Bang Theory but isn't
that show kind of like in Star Trek
that's the joke we know Star Trek isn't
it that kind of type of shit oh oh you
did some miles so far jack yeah but I
don't know Oh asshole
I love inglorious bastards that's
probably one of my favorite movies of
Tarantino's it's interesting because the
movie is only like five scenes five or
six really really long scenes it's not
my favorite right it's one of my
favorites my favorite is Jackie Brown
and that's a lot of people's least
favorite I think I like that let me I
was too young
it's go that's the thing it's his most
mature movie and he's never tried to do
amateur movie sentence she's gone back
to his usual style I mean it's a tucking
little romance at the center of it
between these these you know aging
characters Pam Grier and Robert
Forrester it's it's a good movie
that's the block button I remember
seeing Jackie Brown in the theater when
it came out around Christmastime with
like my whole family I was so pumped for
it because I love pulp fiction and then
like and everybody was like oh pulp
fiction pulp fiction like it's this you
know really sort of kinetic like hi when
you watch Pulp Fiction there's a lot of
really slow stretches in it but people
remember the more visceral parts of it
and then Jackie Brown is all the boring
parts of Pulp Fiction that's not moving
so everybody was like why didn't we see
this like we wanted to be and we wanted
another Pulp Fiction everybody was so
mad that I made them all go see a movie
the chance mentioning matrix but that's
that's too close to 2000 I mean it's 99
yeah that's our 98 maybe possibly 91 of
the Phantom Menace commodity Oh God
98 somebody look up what do the matrix
come on I mean the matrix is an early
2000 yeah I don't think of a matrix is
via Heinie's movie
well yeah it technically it's a 90's
movie but it really was little B that
ushered in you know the 2000s more than
anything the arts and I know that's what
people say if it sounds so weird right
it's the most acceptable thing I've
heard yeah oh yeah Tony at one yeah
that's right people are mentioning
Wayne's World Wayne's World is the 90s
absolutely yeah I don't know what they
call these decades anymore really
century bullshit there's so much easier
once we have the roaring 20s again
anything get better turbo Jesus when do
you think the decline of The Simpsons
started I'm gonna say after I stopped
watching it I guess I don't even
remember when I stopped watching it I
just kind of got Titan above it after a
while they're not terrible people talk
about it like it's the worst thing ever
now the ones I've seen or okay but none
enough where I want to keep watching us
I don't know it's been around forever
they've done everything there's no
reason for it to continue
what would time this is better question
this point I wouldn't stop making money
so ever it'll die after the voiceover
actors die over they'll replace
something and it'll keep going kids
can't age yeah absolutely
Herrmann South Park did that thing where
the the kids went to the next grade they
were third grade for the longest time
and then one season they were in fourth
grade and that was grown as you know the
sitcoms once the kids get old and
awkward that's how they introduce new
children at least accom did that mary's
account brought in new cute little kids
never nope that was always the death of
those shows
then they bring in a little redhead kid
on Diff'rent Strokes yes I'm Gary
Coleman was getting too old they brought
it some little redhead kid wait give me
a break did with Joey Lawrence Joey
Lawrence doesn't give me a break
yeah I don't know that I know I don't
remember what you give me a break it's
very started okay you I know I think I
watched give me a break I would have
been pretty young yeah that's I always
associate John Lawrence will blossom
concept are not good shoe a concept art
that's what you find my concept dark
jacket
oh yeah seven do you remember seven I'm
married with children they run that
little kid for like a season Oh then in
the next season they just abandoned it
didn't they say like the half of the
season was just a dream or something and
they just reverted everything that they
had set out because it was all terrible
what is your I see any of those serious
about in the first place I honestly
don't remember it might have been
partially a joke I don't remember there
being like like self-aware jokes on it
though so I don't know it's been a long
time since I've seen any of that stuff
well she was just ready to be obnoxious
was the joke yeah I probably haven't
seen any of that sense of Airds if it's
their suspect
oh yeah Katie Siegel she was pregnant so
they made her pregnant on the show and
then she had a miscarriage so they had
to write around that so but I was at the
same time in 7 min on the show - I know
I don't remember but I do remember that
she was pregnant and then she had a
miscarriage so they had to rewrite the
show and that's when they did leave was
all the dream thing but there was more
going down like like - buddy was trying
to be a rapper baby it was like a
do-over like once yeah I'm so fortunate
that I had to happen is the results of
you know the actor sent me to
miscarriage but I was trying to be a
rapper because of course he was I'd be
curious to go back and I don't know if
I've watched married with children since
it originally aired I think it's all on
Netflix definitely heaven yeah I know I
liked it at the time yeah chances nice
job yeah I did right job thank you I
figured it out
no now people are saying I'm a doubter
again for some talking about deveined I
know I'm talking about kiddies sinkholes
it's what oh it's true yeah I learn new
stuff that it's part of life
mission can you smaller oh yeah yeah
yeah Jack from John Ritter what does
that have to do with the case to go hey
oh I don't even
I vaguely have an idea what that show
okay did they try and do the show after
he died so really yes not only what a
couple seasons uh really came in
maverick Tom Selleck the dad what's the
time
I don't know James Garner okay I don't
know any of this stuff you're talking
about James Garner who was brought in as
Kaiser girls dad okay I think that was
the period where I just was not watching
TV at all there was a span of a few
years where I just didn't watch anything
nothing matters I probably would not
have watched that show anyway but I
don't know why I know this
no David Spade was on that show too some
people are saying is it hasn't David
Spade been on like every sitcom he
always shows up like in the second or
third season we need to spice up our
show let's get David Spade
when Andy Dick I remember thinking Andy
Dick was really funny on Newsradio
before anyone knew who Andy Dick was
yeah I like that show yeah Phil Hartman
he was great on it he's dead - hey
stopping it down real tragedy oh yeah
that was Phil Hartman was great though
Harvin was a goddamn genius and he
wasn't even like wasn't one of the big
stars on SNL god no he was like he was
almost like the supporting player he was
always the most reliable performer the
he was so great well he was just he was
the setup man he was the everyman yeah
he was what SNL needed Dana Carvey got
more attention on SNL yeah
then fell hard Dana country's to happen
he doesn't he's not as diverse as filler
my point is I my point isn't I hate Dana
Carvey I don't want to start it is so
Harvin got second billing under him yeah
yeah Phil Hartman was weird because he
could never like I can't picture anyone
ever trying to make like a movie like a
vehicle for Phil Hartman right now yeah
like Dana Carvey they tried that always
failed he never had any like good
leading roles but like yeah no one's
gonna say you know who'd be great as our
lead character which is fine like you
need character actors you need those
supporting roles actors and there's some
people who are really great and they
take a role that might be completely
boring otherwise just a side character
and they make it interesting just by the
fact that it's them Nick Miller is
another one mr. Futterman from gremlins
that guy pops up in a movie and
automatically doesn't matter how small
the role is you're like hey Nick Miller
yeah oh yeah but they're missin the neck
piece was going
but back when your sort well shit man
damn it you didn't spend your sort about
what it is no I just like I have no
control over like I can't
excuse my my a grabber doesn't grab on
to me that's what you want him to say
you want him to say how do you do
turbo Jesus yes I am a fan of Louie have
you guys seen Louie and your watch that
show oh it's so great it got great when
he stopped trying to make it a comedy is
that like the early episodes are more
overtly funny than it eventually went
until he found his groove you're talking
about like two three episodes in maybe
but I love that show I haven't watched
the newest season but yeah it was great
I was gonna say you slider to those ones
that weren't quite I'm riding a dragon
I'm riding a robo dragon okay Chet says
this game looks great at least some of
it yeah it is you know what it's a it's
really fun it's a little I mean
obviously I'm a little light it's barely
it might get more complex and I'm
playing it on normal and I'm sure
there's a ton of like companies but this
is a this is a super grand just like
pick up and play again yes you just want
to pick up a game and press buttons and
kill robots and shit this is the game
for you I saw a video this months ago
and I thought oh that was fun yeah one
of the first gifts I got from family oh
yeah yeah I couldn't play it so bad you
couldn't play
Howard and I've not watched Game of
Thrones I've never seen it I'll talk
about I have a man crush on Peter
Dinklage so eventually I should watch it
didn't even hit 800 fucking game huh
fuckin fuckin fuckin bro I've never seen
it I haven't get the HBO's neither do I
neither do i neither do i luckily we
have some friends of HBO's they let us
come over and watch it Lisa loves those
books for Game of Thrones books yeah
that is really upset that george RR
martin is taking this sweet-ass time
write them lily has one left right is he
ready in one last book or sort of stole
he says there's only one else but yeah I
think it could be he I guess he can do
it everyone and he says constantly that
he's gonna do whatever the fuck you want
shotgun like right now right now Game of
Thrones is a huge property but he's
writing some other bookings like guess
what I'm he doesn't give a fuck about
another house
oh yeah
looks like he's up there it could be
already yeah lots of wheat we just
talked about those rich my seconds ago
yeah what was planned but he had talked
that it might take more and but yes are
basically is the shoulder of catching no
HBO though like I know they do this with
like Curb Your Enthusiasm where it's not
like a network TV show or it's a new
season every you know fall right a new
season starts like they can take their
time between seasons and he's done that
with Game of Thrones yes okay you know
II don't we only get it's only like 12
episodes right normal cuz yeah I know
hear your enthusiasm I think there was
like two three years where he didn't and
then he just came back and made another
season cuz he wanted to
it's fine sure in-game 13000 second
point it's a fine - it's very um I think
you step oh great it's very confusing
groans if I didn't have Lisa Murphy hood
right all the books explaining who
people are and what they were doing I
would be very lost all the time okay no
I haven't seen madmen that's another one
that everyone says I need to watch I
haven't gotten around to it eventually
there's a lot of shows like that yeah
Mad Men is constantly hit I still have
it I've still only seen the first season
of Breaking Bad but keep me need to get
back and do it I just haven't I don't I
don't watch a lot of TV
I haven't watching the gum oh yeah yeah
it always looked weird to me cause it
was like hey do you want to watch a
Batman show without Batman it's a really
good James Gordon oh really yeah
okay yeah I don't know if I care about
James okay he's the only clean cop and
he's trying to hang on to his wounds
permanent okay and his partner is just a
slime bag okay all right I just remember
I saw the the commercial for it and it
was like every Batman villain was shoved
into the commercial to the point where
it looks like it might be obnoxious well
this episode
let me ease up a little bit okay was
pretty primary show okay
please there's these guys yeah you know
was going to become the Riddler and
Catwoman but it's not like it's like a
new Wonder Wheel okay that's kind of
what felt like from the commercial so I
was like oh this is gonna get old Quaker
there's there's kind of like bizarre
cases yeah episode there's somebody who
by tying a weather balloon to them with
handcuffs and then what a gloom takes
off in the air and they just fly out oh
my god that's kind of slowly rises up oh
my god that sounds great that is great
no silly yeah many people have gotten
too accustomed to things thinking that
things are supposed to be the realistic
CSI yeah I like like bring back the more
fantastic old stuff bring back their
weirder things it can be a little corny
corny corny in itself is not a bad thing
and it's just a matter of how you know
how you do it yeah I almost almost
spoiled this is one section okay so I'm
not gonna say anything let's all watch
Gotham so there it's good fun
oh yeah we out last night we had rich
finally watched too many coats that's
great
I think it's reached that point now
where people talked about it so much
that now everyone's like oh fuck too
many cooks but whatever it's it's a
wonderful short film I'd watch it again
yeah it benefits from multiple viewings
the only thing that sucks about it is
the song will get stuck in your head
forever q man okay it was finally out of
my head for a while because I watched
the you know I watched it several times
in a row when it first came out and then
the song was in my head for days and
then it finally left but the downside of
that is that it was replaced by the gone
from Dawn of the Dead which has been in
my it which has been in my head for 15
years so too many cooks I was almost too
relieved the garlic hasn't been in right
now there was an episode of Star Trek
next generation where there was this
music box song that Troy kept hearing
over and over and she was going crazy oh
yeah just constantly but that's me with
the garden
back up
yes a like portal champ here he's
comparing me to many cooks to the gang
gang gang them style what I didn't like
the Harlem shakes videos cuz he's just
thinking about it like a gimmicky viral
video and it's more than that well and I
suppose there are similarities in that
they are all interesting to watch but no
well the Harlem shake is a Bible yeah
that's the pure viral just weirdness and
then spreading yeah both Gundam style
and too many cooks have craft behind
them Gundam salvo is mostly because
we're not used to that culture and so
that's why we're sure you're fascinated
by too many cooks it's a creative short
film that just happened to go viral yeah
yes there's a difference between if it'd
be like comparing like Harlem shakes and
guardians of the galaxy because they're
both really popular there really isn't
much of a similarity one's a feature
film and one is just this weird viral
thing so tivity coats flying short film
it's weird to me that you call it a
short film I do call it a short cab I
think it works as a short film it has a
story and it's thought I don't know
because that's the thing is I don't
watch a lot of that Adult Swim stuff
like I've seen some things and a lot of
it feels to serve random for the sake of
being random sure and to any cooks is
way more thought-out than that I can't
cuz the whole difference these things I
can't go through it I went to the other
side but then I got to a part where it
looked like I needed a double jump Lucy
this isn't behaving in the game you can
hate one no no no I don't want to make
it seem like I'm I like it and that's
what matters yeah no I'm good you go now
please
okay fine this is not bad game design
and be making me exploit it just really
nice actually
I think they're going down yeah yeah I
saw someone asking about Black Dynamite
have you seen Black Dynamite Jack have
you seen that movie Roger it's a parody
of like blaxploitation 70s microwave
taste movies it's really funny it's one
of the rare parody movies that come out
in like the last decade that's actually
it feels like a good parity movie oh
it's so funny okay yeah oh you don't
like Charlie thunder I liked it here's
okay you know you know what makes that
movies Robert Downey jr. everything with
his character is brilliant ya know yeah
it got a lot of praise when it came out
I didn't think it was that great but I
thought it was fine it made me laugh
okay that was a health upgrade what the
fuck oh my god thank you Mercer's friend
really appreciate it I'm sorry was that
poopy slipper poopy slipper 69 this look
for 69 okay all right looks like you
didn't do that to a slipper don't worry
about it or did you I can empathize say
sorry just for something that I
personally cause sorry sorry your
slippers got the poopy
ha respawning enemies
b.o.b hello P slippers so they're asking
what is the next best man
soonish eventually ish we have two that
are that have been shot
so we'll see I think a great I think so
too
the bull you know what the wolf be
specially they're both very special
episodes we got a little sidetracked
with t-shirt orders that kind of ate up
a lot of our time
a horrible boy yes tomorrow everything
will be released tomorrow new play gear
review comes out tomorrow hell that
reminds me in regards to the new key
takes we do still need a couple more if
people that people want to send us in
some more new details we could really
use a few more
I just didn't go far enough Lester
family okay I forgot that I could climb
how many more do five more how much c0
you sure son zero I'm sure that sir
okay so zero point I'm in the palace not
looks like it I didn't want to go man
that's fine I like just one thing it's
just it's just something jump around
isn't much up here willing strategies
good then then kill all things yeah and
that's fine occasionally you want that
absolute no neuron no hey don't you know
why cuz it's it's a fun character it
feels really good to slice someone's
like a yellow does that require there's
something satisfying about that yeah I
don't know oh there's a things guarantee
no get in there oh hey okay apparently
need to climb on the other side
no no I'm like there's like a little
rumble when you're slicing someone who's
everything the combat feels very nice
there we go um so it all works also
you're like a cyber ninja thing which
you know rate this is named destroyer or
as a cyber ninja called Strider
ah that's you know that's probably a
question for the know I think there's a
double jump I can get the probably us
well I think that's the upgrade to this
level okay
there's what I assumed because on the
other side there's something that I
can't get to without a double jump okay
okay or I some sort of pose might be
Metroidvania as where maybe you come
back later that's that's what I'm
assuming
I told them we had enough no no that's
not true that we need a couple more oh
oh we can't get shorted on our copies of
new Keith couple more like four or five
mores well just yeah just a few
now if someone wants to send us new key
on blu-ray we will gladly accept that
it's probably worth a fortune because it
doesn't exist that was gonna be my
question but what what do we all think
Spielberg's lamest movie is you haven't
seen it recently yes agreed
that's all moot though cuz that's not
Spielberg okay he didn't direct it I
won't be curious to revisit that movie I
haven't seen it okay I'm gonna say 1941
that movie fucking sucks it's
disappointing because it's got its like
Toshiro Mifune and John Belushi and like
Christopher Lee like all these great
people in it and it's just like watching
money burn on the screen that movie is
so painfully unfunny and the whole thing
looks like it was shot through a like a
like pantyhose like the whole thing is
like hazy and ugly I hate that movie
that's not Spielberg was he not oh no no
he just did the first one and that was
it
I know people are saying Crystal Skull I
forget that that's feel Bert yes it is
and that is definitely Crystal Skull
okay there you go
his heart was not in that movies
okay well that's the obvious one let's
take crystal skull out of the equation
so that came up this is an interesting
talk oh yeah that's true that's true
yeah crystal stole almost goes without
saying yeah I'm gonna say 1941 yeah you
higher over son I've never seen that one
some people say hooked is lame I
remember liking hooked but I haven't
seen it since I was here yeah I haven't
seen it since I was a kid no hooks and
hooks are good enough concepts and
executed even though it's supposed to be
like realistic Peter Pan is still
executed with the Spielberg in like
heart sheriff so high I'm independent oh
I think it's a fine movie I've never
personally been yeah big of a fan of it
it's a fine movie but I never laid never
it never connected whether they never
clicked with me he's made some pretty
great movies producer like what would
you say that's true he produced gremlins
I guess I kind of forget what he
produces Back to the Future that's true
poltergeist yeah yeah you have pretty
some pretty great movies but he's also
made some really great news I'm just
wondering if once that he's just just
produced
like I'm wondering if I had attractive
features if I enjoyed that more than
anything else I've seen that section
that he's actually directed um oh boy
let's talk I do really love jaws like
gremlins is one of my favorite movies
ever
when grandmum's is great I definitely
like gremlins more than I like any
Spielberg directed Rafiki I guess
now a sinner man brings up a good point
he produced ghosts poltergeists which
means there's a lot of talk that he
actually directed most of that movie
well he wasn't supposed to be the
director but the director was tobe
Hooper I'm a detective Chainsaw Massacre
who outside of Texas Chainsaw Massacre
is kind of a hack so there's a lot of
talk that there was a lot of like
fighting behind the scenes and Spielberg
basically came in to try and save the
movie because it wasn't going well so
some people say that Spielberg kind of
ghost directed that movie this is
interesting this is news and if you look
at it it looks like a Spielberg movie
yeah it definitely looks like a
Spielberg movie more so than a tobe
Hooper movie
no lost world that's pretty lame yeah
yeah you directed the second Jurassic
Park movie men that is pretty lame I
haven't seen it but I don't think AI was
received that well yeah hey I has some
good things in it I just remember it
felt like it was ending like five times
and then just go away
hey Isaiah is a very interesting movie
to watch because you can see exactly
where Kubrick left off yeah Spielberg
comes in yeah and it's it's jarring but
it's also kind of interesting oh shit
someone brought up that Spielberg
produced the Transformers movies I
forgot about that
oh I completely forgot to produce those
yes Spielberg's Twilight Zone segment
does suck which one was his it's the one
with the old folks home and they'll turn
into little kids salty pure Spielberg
why is it in a Twilight Zone movie
because I'm sure was it just feels so at
a place with the other stories in that
cuz they're more you know that like
darker horror type stories I'm just
doing the Twilight telling woody was the
birth of amazing stories probably oh
yeah that's the Spielberg produced that
I liked a lot was amazing story
oh great jack
I feel like I'm doing great is it
improving as you get more moves um I
haven't gotten anything bad
great great yet all right all right so
no comment I played it a little bit I've
gotten spurs you up okay Sam mange talks
about the Twilight Zone movie we know
where this is going now we already
talked about that
the John Landis segment we talked about
that under previous stream we won't go
back into that all right so so for the
record you brought it up chat now me
that's true no no you're not you're
talking about I'm talking about other
people talking about it that's different
no I can't name a bad Stanley Kubrick
film I haven't I even seen all of them
but I've liked everyone I've seen can
anyone name a bad Kubrick film I haven't
I haven't seen it good I don't know that
people know Eyes Wide Shut though didn't
really finish it ma he mostly finished
it it was basically done when he died
but I like eyes wide shut no it was it
was all in this it was edited yeah I
think there was there some final
post-production work still be done but
he shot the whole thing happen what is
it whatever an actor or somebody
involvement of sometimes it's always
like near the end of their revolver
fortunately
I'm trying to think of like a yeah yeah
that was Heath Ledger like Jedi make it
either
yeah I was thinking of the Dark Knight
and I was like oh he died well after
that was done but now I'm like Eyes Wide
Shut I'd like that movie lon
you know we recently wasn't further
walking film faster what was going we
saw 3000 wasn't one yeah that even I
mean it's it's good but discuss some
problems so I think you got the problem
can't they both be true you're you're
tempting fate it's a great mm wasn't a
great movie but it's got some problem
what would you say your problems are the
day I mean obviously very slow yes
that's great little monkey stuff with
her yet it's all the stuff to inspire us
you almost up in space it's like long
slow shots and people just say nothing
and - do you do have to look at it in
context of when it was made though yeah
I mean it was that was a cinematic
experience yeah no one had seen anything
like that yes but you do have to keep
that in mind there are some segments
which could have been eased okay man oh
god you mean I haven't even seen some of
his early movies let me see what he did
right before 2001 the chronology of his
movies I always get confused
oh yeah fear and desire killers kiss the
killing paths blurry Spartacus Lolita
strange lump before 2001 okay yeah dr.
Strangelove den 2001 10 Clockwork Orange
Spartacus is a fun movie
I've never seen Spartacus oh it's fun
I've never seen that's good it's not
very cool Ricky what's sure well he yeah
he didn't movies then become Kubrick eat
so a little bit later in his career here
okay but also I don't want to leave this
long big probably 2001 um the entire
thing everyone remembers about that
movie the the sentient AI yeah help help
has nothing to do with the movie like
that has nothing to do with like the
movies about evolution and that's that
partially on evolution and that's the
evolution of you know even becomes from
monkeys to man so yeah but it's not big
like I always assume dude you know I
guess I was half paying attention or
whatnot when I was it was late when you
watched this when I was on army what
else yes okay
hell is a tool but I feel like I always
assumed that house for second version
was because of the monolith house forced
evolution you know any other like pal
turns into like a helpful or computer to
a homicidal computer right because it's
trying to oh because it knows that
they're gonna kill him oh okay
it knows that it's gonna kill him or why
do they want to kill how again I forget
that bridge the same check please stop
that's probably yeah it's probably a bad
idea to try to talk about 2001 while
you're played a video game to see
exactly right oh yeah sorry I'm having
trouble gathering my thoughts but the
hell sub story has very little to do
with the actual plot of them
which is finding the source where the
movie doesn't have a its traditional
plot then begin with which is fine yeah
which is fine it's just it was just it
was unnerving watching again I'm on the
trunk just stop as an adult and just
being like why oh why do we care about
this house stuff like they're on a
mission to you know Imogen is a large
party so it's all the work Jax is going
to talk about why he got caught you know
what I've never seen the Godfather Part
two until really recently now I've heard
everything
oh oh that's weird
I've never seen three how why would you
see three I think we talked about this
once before okay because my grandmother
could never leave me home alone oh she
was ridiculous and overprotective and
she wanted five three okay so I and you
went to seek out other three yeah I saw
two in a theatre I saw a 35-millimeter
print at the the Egyptian Theatre in LA
that was the first time I ever saw it
like that's the perfect way to see it it
was great I think it's a you know what
I've seen the first one I have to
re-watch it I haven't seen in probably a
decade
and I I'm I think I could watch it and
recognize that it's a great movie but I
didn't connect with it in any way where
is this like I like I felt like an
outsider where it's like this is good
but it's not doing anything for me yeah
I don't like the second one WODs
I need to go back and re-watch the first
one almost
you know you're like a upgrade haha well
you know you you know where to see Oh Oh
No see yes they're talking you you know
where the secret you know where the
secret things aren't video game oh damn
it where it's like it's like oh here's a
round that's not the main ROG I guess if
I go there that's where the secret all
right yeah
Nico : did i watch any movies this week
I watched exactly one movie this week
and after talking about no no not not
related to because that's not a movie
right I watched one movie after talking
about 2001 and Kubrick and Spielberg the
movie I watched this week was the gate
part two they made a sequel have you
guys seen the gate oh oh the gates great
that's a great like children yeah it's
like it's like it's a good kids horror
movie and it has some creepy stuff in it
but yeah they made a sequel and it's not
available anywhere I don't even think
it's on DVD but the whole movie was on
youtube so i watch the deep part 2 the
other night it lacks everything that
makes the first one charm even but it's
still kind of an okay a little movie I
know a lot of people that no one's seen
it but a few that have didn't like it
but that is alright the gate is a
children's horror movie yeah no that's
the cell that's the cell
yeah no the gate is an 80s movie Stephen
Dorff is a little kid yeah yeah the day
rod pulling out this old tree in the
back of this kid's house and underneath
like the the hole where the tree was is
the gateway to hell basically and all
these little demon creatures come out
and it's really good it's a good little
kids movie
hi-yah and then they made a sequel that
said um apparently it was shelved for
like three years cuz it wasn't nobody
wanted to see it it's that bad does it
continue the story or just like the game
it's the if you I don't know if you
remember but there's the main kid and
then he has like his best friend
oh god I don't even remember how it ends
I don't think it's a dream I think he's
like that why they I remember there's a
giant monster at the ends that they
defeats and then I think the house goes
back to noir oh yeah with like a rocket
that's right and then I think the house
goes back to normal after being
destroyed or something oh god I don't
remember I could be wrong but the second
one is the kids his friends from the
first movie the whole he's the main
character the second one okay and he
he's convinced that everything that
happened that was every bad thing to
happen the first movie happen because
they didn't do like the satanic rituals
properly so he tries to do it again
because his dad is like an alcoholic and
he's unemployed and so he wants to
summon up the little demon creatures
because they grant wishes and he wants
he wants his dad to stop drinking and
get a good job and that's the quality of
it it's really weird but it kind of
works does he feel bad for the kid so he
summons a full demon creatures to try
and make his life better and they grant
these wishes but the wishes go bad after
a while oh yeah
but he just can't move to his left or
right jack straighter they just can't do
it
I mean you can't come to me oh I know oh
I guess I get with you
yeah yeah that's bad
what the fucking fuck it's Joe being mad
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciated
conversation good good that's all we got
right I can guarantee I'm the only one
you've ever heard talk about the gate
part to a king they've dedicate
semesters to it
Lucan sequel favorite I don't
oh god I know you won't even know how do
you determine whether or not sequels in
legitimate good sequel alright most
sequels are cash grabs that's the reason
they exists so then the question is just
what's your favorite seat yeah
aliens um oh boy what would be my
favorite sequel maybe gremlins - my
favorite anything aside from gremlins -
I don't know oh my god oh my god just
bread he summoned the fire eagle and
it's not taking him into the sky I think
it's a laser eagle I have no idea
yeah it does everything from I guess I
have no idea all right the way I hate
said well do a lot of jumping try this
out this is - this is gonna be a jumping
maneuver because we have the segment
oh if someone mentioned Empire Strikes
Back oh I've heard some people say that
they don't consider Empire Strikes Back
a sequel it's a sequel of course it's
the only reason it exists because the
first one was successful it's a sequel
and yeah that's probably the best sequel
that's better than first movie it's not
yeah it's not only the best sequel it's
called what are the best movies ever so
yeah Empire Strikes Back yeah yeah more
than Empire Strikes Back I mean
obviously I'm assuming you like
rothmeyer Strikes Back before the aliens
but okay as relative to how much I like
the first one okay
I like aliens a lot more than I like or
good yes well I still like Star Wars and
Empire I gotta like Empire war but not
there's not as great differential okay
that's fair enough
how does this work
the LP and yeah keep sending this thing
I don't jump while you're jumping it's a
jump didn't it
this controls do this moves no just no
just try try again
I'll be in the bottom - wait so the
right thing gets to the meter oh okay Oh
slowly over time I get ready oh my man
yeah
so just kills enemies oh you're fine
killing enemies on your own right
fucking laser sword
what yeah I need to jump there well
isn't so when you just stand still and
press why this is still taking zero now
you pressing like well why does it okay
why doesn't ever cut ba jumps ain't no
wife in an uppercut that's you palpable
also also a good hop in /w ever got
okay I was just in love with the ability
to us I mean she's not a reviewer I
guess technically we're not either
honestly I don't know I hadn't really
thought of it yeah yeah the specific
reason why I just now hasn't worked out
that way hasn't come up she didn't
mention to me recently shit that she say
I don't know we were talking about best
of the worst or something and she said
that she thought she would be really bad
on it so really yeah so I don't think
she has much of an interest in doing it
either my dragon friend oh the new
Terminator trailer what did everybody
think of the new Terminator trailer
remember I'll be back remember that yeah
I don't know nothing about it looks
interesting to me like some franchises
where it's like the first movie feels so
self-contained it doesn't need to be a
franchise and that first Terminator
movie is a perfect little movie it's a
rear tube is good I like to rate a lot I
don't like it more than the first one
but even that like it could have ended
there the whole line thing is like we
need to stop Judgment Day and then you
see the trailer for this new movie and
that's a line on the trailer again so we
can
Judgment Day like we're still doing this
like I don't know sound like to a lot I
don't think that interesting no it's all
about Sarah Connor yeah the fact that
she's she's she's she should be more of
the main character that she is because
she's great in the movie and the fact
that because of the events of the first
one she's like this crazy person like
that's great and even though it like
everybody shits on salvation like at
least that new is trying to go in a
different direction
but now we're back again we gotta travel
back in time and protect Sarah Connor no
Sarah Connors a badass it's like I just
like it's so boring
that's what it looks like and that does
not interest me at all especially
especially like I don't know like back
to the future is a comedy like you can
get away with stuff like that but yeah
like when it's a time travel movie like
The Terminator like and they accomplish
their goal at the end of the first movie
and then you have this new movie come
out or it's like oh fuck that never even
happened anymore yeah assuming that's
what they're doing which is what it
looks like it's like yeah it's
completely erasing the the best movie in
the series like I don't care I
as a Star Trek fan after onine say well
but at least with that it wasn't that
they erased history they just are in a
different timeline ready I mean this is
nerdy's kind of establish head okay you
change history
you've changed history okay that's in
the TV Cherie series that's how it works
okay now because things were kind of
upset about that then if they kind of
pulled the old different time you know
time travel than the show's always
change things are different now we have
to put them back yeah yeah okay but yeah
I mean especially with terminator world
that's the entire point is travelling
back in time to change the future like
more so than it is with Star Trek like
they knew time travel on Star Trek but
that's not the entire focus yeah that is
the focus of terminator yeah then just
the effects like that I mean I know it's
a teaser or whatever but why is it that
like between the Jurassic Park the
Jurassic world teaser and the new
Terminator teaser like why did effects
look so much better
20 fucking years ago like the CG of
these new things just looks terrible
because so flashy and the uncanny
uncanny valley yeah there's something
about a model that looks real because it
is well specifically talking about a
Raider and Jurassic Park like there was
CG in those movies and the CG in those
movies looks better than the CG and the
trailers for the new movies because know
you sparing things they don't know well
they you see in Jurassic Park yeah they
use the CG exactly how they live
Marthe yeah they weren't they weren't
pushing the boundaries right yeah yeah
it's a good balance impractical I mean
like oh yeah billion we have this creepy
alien instead of just walking around
like a normal creature would its gonna
jump all over the screen I like that
that's one CG goes wrong that's exactly
what happened yeah apart it was well
we're not going to use a puppet to do
this so we'll just have the computer do
what the puppet would have done yeah
yeah
why would you make what have you 20 -
what's the traffic in this future city
is so dense that you won't believe that
cause I'm eating each other consulate
which yeah I'm sorry oh well maybe
you're not supposed to go over here oh
yeah good I came for your eyes well
obviously this was part of - then you
have to get this didn't say you have to
go do this is the only place left to go
it's my backup
yeah the other place is um the other
place is the fanny the jump the double
jump forwards I don't have people are
saying jump slide later oh that means
there's no joke oh can you slide in
midair jump and then do the slide move
No No maybe maybe there's a jump slide
you can find I'm not sure I haven't
gotten this far like my time with a new
computer for the most part I've been
spent trying to get my old games to even
run right so I played this for a little
bit and I started up Blood Dragon right
that was about it
I don't I think I'm supposed to use that
fire or the laser bird thing but I don't
know how to use it it's a good thing
videogame characters can't feel pain
poor jack would be history's greatest
monster all right anything about jump
slides and how Jack and goodbye her
because I have no idea jack Oh over here
is Vic the birthday boy and cap so he's
screaming right past it
so else in all caps you passed it I
passed to go back to red thing go back
to red thing use the eagle on the red
icon on the map use the evil in the red
icon back okay come on yes that's right
you shit your pants to be eagle on the
red icon map okay
oh my god you went you went to his left
oh okay I guess I guess that makes sense
okay I'm fine sorry for being a
crocodile brain it's fine they say
you're fucking local says don't forget
to play Thank You Cameron Mitchell any
chance of seeing more Dark Souls with my
new PC is a possibility yeah but like I
said there's like a laundry list of shit
I'd probably like to play No so gonna
win also some certain assholes we know
kind of ruined Dark Souls for us who
ruined Dark Souls Magette
oh is that when they were giving bad
direction i yeah yeah well the present
advice wasn't bad but resistance yeah a
little resistance yeah yeah a little
resistance all right 20 the game was
sent you ages which game did you send me
ages ago you don't remember offhand
particularly I I will not forget to play
killer is that like so that's another
one I could not play yes I know it's a
suit of 51 game I really wanna play
oh yeah oh you're ready I'll call to
look that I took a bit like metal gear
but that much more about actually by the
way you can say that about most gear
yeah that was a DC fighting game called
injustice totally not Jake you should
continue to watch the stream and then
when it's done then watch samurai cop oh
that's the order of events you just get
the same really right yes it on blue
right well although it's weird that you
would buy the blu-ray without seeing the
movie I guess you just put that much
trust in our judgment the blu-ray is a
little pricey though is it it's like
really books or someone's a normal
person editorial um it depends it's gone
down a lot like 15 I've got some scream
factory DVD Hulu grace for like 15 bucks
oh nice make it 20 25 for my breaker or
movies
yeah austere fresh out yeah yeah like
bigger stuff well you know what niche
property you can charge more for I guess
I was not paying attention to that
cutscene oh I I will say though I did I
am curious to see the quality of samurai
cop on blu-ray yeah we should we should
be getting some copies we don't have
them yet and why should you be getting
copies J no because our interview is
featured on the blu-ray yeah it's true
that's great
hates trip they want t-shirts and then
they could play you guys the t-shirt is
$30 now it is overhead we've all theirs
yeah and their quality t-shirts this is
that cheap crap you're not putting out
30 thousand t-shirts yeah yeah those are
the kind of things that bring costs down
by the hour production run no a hundred
or two yeah
no we're not trying to you know gouge
anybody but they're you know we have to
make back what it costs to get them
printed and you know process the orders
and mail them out and do all that labor
and stuff so we're trying to be
reasonable here reasonable that sounds
we're we're not out to screw anybody
over we don't want to do that we
appreciate you guys and they are
legitimately nice they're good shirts we
don't have any sizes that I can wear but
but they're good that's your penis oh
yeah this isn't like a print to order
thing to it's like you order one and
they print it like you had to order them
first and hope to sell them right
mark Besson yes there will probably be a
limited VHS run space cop because I
enjoy making the the VHS covers that's
what that's one of my favorite things to
do yeah they're all slightly different
but they'll put the stickers in
different places and do different things
so yeah they're always every VHS tape
I've made has been slightly unique I
very much enjoy doing that
crocodile rain
about mediums or some medium yeah
mediums are the red letter media shirt
or sold out well there you go start
packing on that holiday wait you're fine
turkey Turkey turkeys lean though oh
then gravy you eat all the gravies
french fries get some poutine poutine
once in my life and I thought all this
can't be good but I ain't gonna give it
a shot and it was good mmm
he's gonna hunt Oh Nico Cola I have to
answer this question because it's one of
the biggest regrets of my life
Zef Caniff i've ever been to a showing
at the cinah family theater in LA I went
to LA a few months ago one of my main
reasons for going there was they were
having a Friday the 13th Marathon on
Friday the 13th I was so excited so i
pre-ordered my tickets I was and that
was like my deciding factor and that's
why I was gonna go to LA for vacation
get out there was kind of jet LAG's and
I was hanging out with a friends it was
the first day in town was the night of
the 13th marathon and we decided oh fuck
it like I'm not let's not go let's just
hang out we'll have some drinks so we
didn't go find out later because the
Senate family is a small theater it's
like seats like a hundred people or
something like that
apparently Quentin Tarantino was there
just like hanging out and chatting with
people and I completely visited why did
you not go because I was I was worn out
from traveling and I was hanging out
with a friends and
let's just keep hanging out like I know
that was one of my deciding factors for
coming out here but you know what we're
having fun regardless so you're just
decided to skip it and then yeah I
missed out on lots of lots of fun stuff
so I do it was the Tommy Jarvis trilogy
is what they were playing which is
actually the what is that part by four
or five and six Corey Feldman and that
other guy Corey felt then two other guys
every movie it's a different guy really
yep but yeah apparently Tarantino was
there just hanging out Noel
oh wow yes mr. glitch I blew the entire
reason I flew out there
it wasn't the entire reason it was the
deciding factor blow it
no I re I broke your floor lady no he
was in part 4 but he's awesome Tommy
Jarvis ok what would I have told
Tarantino that's the thing though is
like I probably wouldn't even talk to
him like I don't like bothering people
I'm not particularly starstruck ever so
I probably would have done anything but
I like that thing you get yeah I don't
like doing not only being that guy but
just you know being in the area of him
like would have been like hey there is
that's kind of neat hey I I recognize
that so blades a lot some waves in the
future I guess they haven't quite
perfected laser cutting
like everyone in do twitch chat is that
guy Jake is that guy
I have the fan wants to talk to oh well
this is the forum this is a proper forum
that's true yeah yeah yeah this is
something we set up specifically like if
Tarantino is doing si a QA yeah then you
like oh yes now I will talk to ya know
Tarantino was just there because
apparently he's a fan of the Friday the
13th sequels yeah and the fruits and a
family is an awesome theater so is the
next time next time gadget I'll go to
something that's in a family whenever
I'm in LA next which probably won't be
anytime soon
I might be a big dum-dum me big I
thought it was not that big I tell me
dumb oh yeah oh nevermind man tell me
don't go a little bit I was trying to
I'm trying to do a secret
hey it's fish Evans I had that Africa
yeah I think that's the most like it not
that we get recognized all that much but
I think occasionally when it does happen
the person will go red letter media neck
they don't address you by name they just
they say that letter media you say hey
and that's it yeah it's very rare that
happens though fuck off
I do which is real people like not be
able to come up it's in everybody's hold
your own kit recognizing space cop car
oh that's funny
space captain isn't even a movie yet his
father was like what the fuck man that's
what it
if you are humorous a friend they did
send me a message I'll talk to you
that's fine that's fine unless you're
just trying to like jerk or something
weird but no no okay
I got nothing to do
but you want to tell them the fucker
there's something I don't want to talk
to I just won't talk to them yeah well
yeah there's no reason to be a jury
usually I had somebody just send me
something like I'm not talking work yeah
that's the thing when people do that
like they were the only way to beat them
is to not engage yeah like that's what
they want is to get a reaction out of
you I don't know what that impulse is I
want to try and annoy this person like I
can't even wrap my brain around why
someone would want to do that but yeah
that's the only thing you knew is just
nothing don't let it affect it
no cool or fake then shouting into them
nothing oh I like the sound it yeah I'm
just gonna try hitting it for a little
bit that looks that looks too special to
just be a walk through a door or
something vent on the right Oh
do I do birthday parties no just your
own how much money do you have that's
the right answer rich
I'll do a birthday for $1,000 and travel
costs whoo Wow
that's in this pretty chic Oh Krieger
yes in regards the comments under the
the OE Oh bitch fest I'm the rich Evans
reaction video oh I don't even know
what's going on there there's weird
things going out on the comments on our
website right now I don't understand it
at all but there's there's lots of lots
of bickering amongst three or four
people I don't know what it is comment
section comment section well well it was
under the t-shirt video oh maybe I don't
even know I don't know what started it I
don't know what it's about
make sure your cake is no nuts in it yes
that's important you can just sit there
quietly
people are saying follow the arrow Jack
what they're saying there is literally
an arrow there's literally an arrow ah
on your use your little blue blip on the
radar
yeah oh yeah there is literally no I
know I'm just exploring yeah I think
jack is just having fun yeah no I'm not
I'm not used to taking it that serious
I'm not lost I'm looking for secrets
rich which games would you like the
livestream Hermann no no definitely I
might like try off your son come close
to that one a couple times I've never
actually done it I might try and redo
ones and games I've done on before No
More Heroes maximo one see if I do
stream a note that fun it's gonna be the
dullest fucking stream ever because my
phone concentration is gonna be going
then again so before one you might not
bother
I don't know what that open that hurt
her at all
like great fights
yeah we can very nice and Carter :
he's bright and colorful and nice all
right
is that fun there's no big strategy here
okay I want to play at wrong game the
continuities into bloom Sun wasn't the
star it was uh first box for each box
later
oh okay I'm a character in that game wow
it's a first-person shooter where you
like throw the disc to but you
definitely can use my block this first
person seems like an odd choice for
exotics I don't know how you would fare
with it because your emergency game
brothers right person thing so I'm gonna
drive around a light cycle by cycle
something like that okay at minigames
that conveyed its own separate thing you
don't have to play the main game you get
you can get how come you can just play
the light cycle portion
and get behind that I'm alright hey I
got the fucking double jump yay oh this
is all I wanted all right I'm good now
this is fun yeah no this is fun okay I
want to go back now can't go back why
water they didn't look especially deep
it just looked like a good fun action
platformer yeah yep
I now they got dum dum know this shit's
happening now it's for real you're
welcome would you try some Robocraft
sometime I don't know what the fuck that
is how do you save paddies
hey auto-saves auto-saves when when does
when does it autosave I'm not sure cuz I
don't know I have been paying attention
I guess that's that's why they say the
spot okay
hi hey guys we're gonna take another
break we're gonna take a break but um
we're chuckles has a Christmas card
Oh won't be back figure out what we want
Bob we're gonna play down we'll come
back and play it don't shit your pants
what the fuck indeed Atlas is dead thank
