XCOM Enemy of my Friend (Part 7)
June 25, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ROJhGZV_I4M

you learn ready to go Zhang step 1 get
on roof step 2 - - -
step 3 world is save someone knows how
it works and I'm really glad alright
that's how it works we are playing on
classic classic difficulty and we're
kicking ass this is Jack's first I
showed up late this is Jack's first time
playing this game like ever he did the
tutorial yesterday and I've been back
seat driving the hell out of him uh-huh
about work we're doing pretty good I'm
learning how many people have we you
know what before I know this will be the
last mission but before we go we will
pay our respects at the fallen soldiers
memorial okay is there really yeah yeah
in the barracks Jesus Christ
we will honor the fallen
not too far up not too far
yeah I usually avoid having people go
further up than my Scout and I know
she's squad sight but you might want to
move her up and do a better position to
shed like all the way up and for that
one Rock probably wouldn't be bad with
the mountain and a little hill ahead of
her
I'm sure okay this triggers everybody
I'm sorry okay over fuck on you on your
pistol so we can overwatch you overwatch
and overwatch all right now we should be
getting into some shit yeah my ears oh
oh all right rich will you guys ever do
anything Mass Effect involved no I never
want to play another game in that
fucking series ever again is dead to me
Oh our nasty position they have Lisa
fuckers yeah
that's alright that's alright what do
you got you can't you can't hit them
with a rocket with her at least that's
the other one okay wondered okay well
let me see if we can get him not with
her but what what does everybody else
have so I'll stop this habit like can
you flank him removing like just back
and to the side
oh he's a sniper so you can't move from
anyway yeah but maybe I can
let's see Shinzon what do you got your
just support so I could you know I might
be able to move shins on somewhere over
here
yeah all right kill the other guy of
course huh I don't know if you could
float you might be able to flank from
there we got a hundred percent shot with
them yeah yeah with her so is that guy's
dead
this is so you don't have to worry about
the one that's exposed oh yeah but I'm
saying Shinzon I think if I if I put
chins on here I can get this is good
we'll see yeah that's worth the shot so
let's slingshot but it might not have a
lunch site because it hills was a
weird-ass Hill providing first things
first let's take out this guy no you can
take him out at any time if things go
horribly wrong you don't want her to die
if you for whatever reason you can't
kill that other guy oh sure yeah okay
alright alright well let's give this a
try that she she is your your star
quarterback and whose honour no no I
what's her name shake ya shake is is
your your Aaron Rodgers and you can't
risk bed injuries your seasonal and
you're making sports analogies I
literally have no idea what you're
talking about
really Wow why don't work ups worse than
someone else
I can always grenade them it would take
two grenades it takes two grenades he's
got four health array it only takes off
three okay you get an upgraded grenade
later but for now you don't have that
you could rock it you got the second
rocket that shredder rocket holy sure
like if nobody else can hit him you can
shred a rocket him oh yeah that's right
it was something else that first
okay okay okay that's fine that's fine
no targets no targets all right can move
you may be into the red zone
but that's fine well are we gonna use a
rocket on him I mean if this guy misses
like that you can move her to her space
that's completely exposed and then you
can block at him and sniper the other
one that's an option not something you
should I'm just he has two rockets yeah
and he can hit him or you can each throw
a grenade they each have grenades right
oh yeah I am and that would be a
guaranteed kill the two grenades thatis
90% of the market with the rocket that
fucking 90% is just gonna well that's
why you can use two grenades yeah and
then he still got two rockets that is
that both your heavy so they both have
you know you have three rockets between
them two grenades here it's it's not the
worst thing
no no okay I need to move
well can you leave the gray if I would
just toss out there if you're gonna no
no there's no no target available well
goodnight girl thing tried ro no phone
there you go
she can't she says no targets cuz she
can't see him alright grenade you can
throw wherever you want
oh okay good okay so now it sank fish
yet
oh all right great all right everyone's
a lot everybody's a lot hurt yeah yeah
no no damage alright and that was that
was a really nasty spot to have those
floaters pop up cuz I totally had the
high ground so that was good good let's
keep moving guys
not super psyched about all this cover I
know what we work with what we got on
the move
all right well maybe five my commander
all right overwatch everyone oh it's the
overwatch it's better than nothing it's
just a problem when you forget you have
the pistol selected I know and then the
next term you shoot somebody with a
pistol instead of your sniper rifle man
coming from over there oh oh choose the
direction so TJ all right oh oh right
there oh well that made it easy
yeah that made it real easy yeah
all right where's our chins on shins on
you're gonna be our man you're up here
we're just hanging up with inside of
that cemani when he turns before that
dies I shall because they might sight
that's bullsháá but he couldn't reach it
next time
yes good okay but also yeah
tation love to get mutation over here
but f uck it went
you up - let's just get everybody next
to each other and hopefully nobody
grenades us
hi looking dangerous absolutely
oh god we've got plenty of over Watchers
I want to tell on to people up there
alright alright see what happens
alright good they paid off
alright now you can quick jump up that
tree out of my way
nobody alerted nobody alerted yep oh man
where am I even going what am I looking
soon scorch marks in the comm yeah
that's where the UFOs skid along the
ground oh that's right I'm looking for
you yeah I forgot you guys got to kill
everybody in the area so you got to go
back and get those fucks eventually over
there where Oh Tom was coming from
that's right she may as well head
towards that other belt
sure hey you said decent cover all right
yeah you're fine there for now you over
this cover me what's over here
nothing great over watch you can stay
you can say I and you stuff some of my
points so move you over here see if we
can trigger anyone oh wait it's gaining
a tree and
it's like a little too far out for my
taste that's fine that's good that's
good yeah I want him I want to go there
Sylvan alright yeah we're gonna on what
coming
we're coming aliens here we go ahead
head towards that and no you'll probably
stumble along now
this is one of the from up make sure
that
Jesus Christ let's get my sniper in a
good position yeah just you totally
gotta move away over at the right time
even - sure behind it something useful I
mean then I hear something
something here's something all right
there's so much shit blocking her view
all right
eyes on everybody let's do this she
can't shoot through a mom huh yeah shoot
you're a mountain why not carry work
I've had no carry upgrade that the prize
was sniper rifles pretty deadly but I
don't think it'll go through a mountain
all right
that's an endgame technology for you
solid copy so a Gabby central wind
jamming central wing damming starfox
such a way I think it's jamming central
wing janitor it's one of the radio
messages you get come on get up there
I can we not get oh we have to like
climb around here
whatever I'm being careful Christ this
is so nerve-wracking it's great yes it
really is I come on up here get your
sweet ass up here
jack is sexually attracted to shake
loose TV it's true you heard of you
first
we've been streaming since which six do
we start yeah I'm Sarah right around six
a little late as usual
but yeah we're we're coming up on six
hours now love some pure treatment yep
which is you know that's a good gaming
session all right here we go fuckin man
cuz they're fin men oh my god oh my god
they're jumping and flipping all around
like crazy Matt didn't end of it all
right let's see you got anything you got
nothing
can you see any of them do they all run
out of cover the rider up LifeSite he
gets it back and all right you can see
the one but if you want to maybe move
shake over or you gonna put her on
overwatch maybe a little run to the
right but she can't see any of them oh
yeah yeah well we gotta move we gotta
move shins on so we can move there's
that tree you're right oh yeah Wow oh
yeah okay I'll take that I'll take that
hey you better cover we need better
cover
I want he's got a full cover it's not
bad no no but I want I want her it
allows you to have that spot I know
don't move his ass
whose ass and a hunker down somewhere
right cuz you can't move but he shoots
anyway alright finally good just like
you know wow yeah yeah I'm just gonna
move back there get him out of my
fucking away I got it you can't see
anybody either what's around here I'm
not gonna - oh my god where'd you go
you lost line of sight versafine you can
set everybody out overwatch yeah yeah
they might run to you oh I'd bring him
yeah coming back out so he's at the edge
at least like not not that exposed but
but like at the edge that Rockies
standing just one over I was sure yeah
she's completely exposed yeah drama I
can't overwatch cuz I moved so move to
the pistol over well to that okay she's
got gunslinger so sheltered decent
damage at least let's see what they do
are they coming in ain't coming in you
have more people here yeah yeah
Banzai come on saying no saying no I was
there
it's probably not gonna stay in the open
so all right I'm sure they tell you oh
it's raining death over here that's very
true
oh Jesus
oh okay Zhang's poisoned that's all
right that's all right it's okay it's
okay
now a medkit will stop poison
oh okay
that's not pretty that's not very good
not the worst not the worst you know
what you could do Jack Jack gave me the
look the what are you doing like a
though yes would you like to would you
like to backseat game or do is Jack
gonna have to figure this out for
himself
oh my god I'm so scared I'm gonna run at
them I'm staying right here on the open
right exactly what I was gonna tell you
great great I was really hoping okay
okay okay all right
all right everybody think Jax is going
to do without my help if if you're if
you're if you're thinking I'm going to
die you're probably correct and I don't
know if they altered it her enemy within
I haven't tested it but I know having a
med kit makes people immune to poison I
don't know if that was ever you know it
seems like a weird thing I don't know if
that was a by design or if that's a
glitch that they fixed how do how do I
deploy a medkit once she like okay you
see that spinning ring around zing
yeah you have to be within there and
then you use it like one of your powers
okay oh that's no good
well I mean he's not gonna die any time
so and he gonna hunker down so I'm
looking for a here's nothing this is not
bad cover over here okay I mean it's not
great cover but it's literally all I
have and then I should be able to met
him up yeah we'll be over to keep notice
no it's not that you okay over here you
could met him up but I mean I would wait
a little bit she might get hit again
sure all right med kits gonna heal I
believe it's for when he's only got one
little blip done if I move if I move her
into the rock move her through the cloud
she will be poised doing a poisoned well
I can't but I just can't believe that my
sniper is out of line of sight not
really obsession because of that
mountainous trainer he's the the thin
man is a little bit to the left and she
can't see because in the moment right
that's it's like if I move her here then
she's a little exposed or is she yes
they get flanked that shit is like yeah
very easily okay ten men also have I
believe the most movement points that if
you call them that and they can move
further than anything else
well then we're just gonna concentrate
on getting our people's a good cover and
and here we go all right coming down
come on down here come on down here get
down there you're gonna come through the
cloud yep okay
that's fine that's fine okay
watch oh no you can get down 200 better
solutions alright then I'll shoot his
ass okay oh oh yeah okay oh no idea of
what you're making these noises oh
that's no yeah no it's fine it's fine
everything's fine I'm fine how are you
everything's okay here are you
okay well I think we're using the medkit
yourself yeah yeah oh my god have
Rockets I do
that's very true and they have high
ground and they have insanely good aim
i fade really to heaven ten men that
there's a the weapon they use is the the
light blaster rifle and that it's not as
strong as the regular plasma rifle but
it does have like I think 20% extra
chance to get it maybe just ten but they
have great aim and for the early game
they do decent damage
there we go I'll pull it up kill the man
till he's dead
until he's dead well we can give him a
shot
nope alright that's fine say doesn't
doesn't X next time just teach you all
about statistics no it just makes me
angry
check those a great response
okay
going on
and go
yeah I know I said statistics I meant
percentages whatever
or exam is right there I thought oh well
you've moved her on the light side
so oh well you know if you know where he
was you can still shoot that area and
he'll still be there
Wow all this move over here and do it no
no I want no because you're in center
well all right come on back well fuck
let's uh hunker you down
that's your health is fine you're fine
everything's fine huh
it's not final you don't think oh my god
no it's none good significant oh my cell
phone I thought yeah yep she got thin
man
no targets available she doing herself
oh you're going to stabilize stabilize
okay
stabilized is only for somebody who's
critically hit sometimes sometimes a
shot that would kill somebody won't kill
them oh they'll fall down on the ground
you remember remember that that first
UFO with the sniper was dying yeah yeah
no med kit you can stabilize them they
won't get back up but they won't die
okay okay will will be fucked afterwards
they get like post-traumatic stress
disorder ha ha but yes thin man is a
Burger King man that's a proper verb you
play Dex calm you know that Jesus Christ
oh my god yeah yeah we're not doing
we're not doing great oh here we go this
is nice
there you go we're not doing great all
right no we got to get over here that's
for the jammas
no let's just wait move everyone first I
don't even know what they were afraid
him just I swear to fucking god what are
they referring to oh fuck who knows I
set them on I think it's one who was
complaining about med kit so I did like
a med kit fetish oh okay well he doesn't
like my med kit philosophy I used the
med kit now we didn't save that sniper
that we would have died trying to save
with a med kit and that we would have
one less grenade to get through that
mission with where we might have used
all of our grenades but no no we
should've brought a med kit
okay all right okay
I understand
headed there down okay
I think it I think it well you know what
what's going on yeah he's hurt something
and we got to reload oh yeah especially
one more to move one more to move all
right
okay we're fine there I'm there I
reloaded her already
and this is like watching the Harlem
Globetrotters and in what way the Harlem
Globetrotters are talented and graceful
that is everything I am NOT oh yeah okay
we need to go do you see any Sun waves
no but this is the general direction of
where it came from so I'm just thinking
it might be up there oh the thing the
MELD yeah it's already lost you can see
up the top corner oh well sure yeah well
that we prized it head that way
oh wait that looks like something maybe
I'll find out
let's not go that far
I think they were referring to you
somehow he's doing fucking amazingly but
just like the Harlem Globetrotters okay
okay this is your first time playing
classic Jack this is great okay this is
fucking great that's great yeah I you
know I'm feeling pretty good about it
I play games sometimes I know what's
going on watching when I play them all
right okay okay great
okay great oh all right there we go
did you hear that it's the first thing I
want to do so
bribe what's going on the people on the
job so lost in your world here over over
here the sound waves are coming to
here's a crashed alien ship so I need to
get over there and this this is a bigger
ship that this is a bigger ship which I
take to me that there are bigger enemies
more enemies there might be bigger I'm
not sure what they brought with them
sure so let's see let's see let's move
on mutation up I take a little bit of a
risk cuz I don't think I'm gonna
activate anything as far as like kinda
I'm gonna leave people a little more
open than it normally would like to okay
but I don't think I'm gonna activate
anything this turn don't think doesn't
mean you won't exactly and I I hear that
I just want to get my people there we go
that's a nice sniper perch perfect
that's exactly what I was hoping for
okay perfect
so now we can have people kind of chill
out for a little bit just make sure
everybody's yeah you're good
all right so we're gonna chill out for
one turn everybody chill chill right the
fuck out
we need your pistol for overwatch and
then we're gonna start moving in okay
all right start moving in as soon as
this next turn goes around all right
alien turn oh all right if they're still
there here we go okay here we go
moving in technically our Jenny responds
to a questionnaire I have not played
this game at all tonight technically in
practice I was kind of driving Jack
Karen there is all Jack it's all Jack
yeah Rick whose riches has been coaching
me house for a while there was a
downright backseat driver well you know
during during portent the death mission
when I lost a lot a lot of people let's
be honest I had to get you out of there
jack you had to pull you away so so I'm
okay with it
oh my god
so I'm okay with it
in general all I could have over watch
this night for that time oh uh oh well
okay so but I've been okay with it these
past couple missions I have been taking
on my own that's all over watch okay
which is why we're gonna be a lot slower
my use I mean kind of bullied my way
into the game I told you what to do all
right
snipers are ready to go let's do this
slowly but surely well here we go I can
see with this oh my god it's gonna look
like that your health huh what happened
there luckily my god like a that's it
yeah it looks like a force field no no
rather they had another oh you're gonna
rock
right oh my god why haven't I met anyone
yet
attention it's like I just wanna it's
like I just wanna fucking enemies oh I
know where the enemies are
they're waiting for me to come to them
by the way I know that on their terms of
their turf
okay well that's okay we got two snipers
we got a nice fan oh man I know I know
he'll that bitch is almost dead oh she's
almost dead because your precious met
kids can only be used once it's like I
have a decent support and we already
cured somebody else I guess everybody
should have a bed kid
sure I'm no grenade absolutely no no
scopes but okay okay going good god man
jack-jack is is he's got his gamer face
on right now he's I can tell he's
awesome he is totally invested into what
is going on and if he wasn't before
today he is right now sold on XCOM
absolutely be my guest
absolutely oh my fuckin Christ
all right well fucking over hot lunch
every Friday he fucks hyperbole is great
all right we just need one of these
fucks to do something all right guys all
right you got to go into the beast Jack
I'm with a beast I'm going you're
leading with your your weakest guy
that's a ballsy move there jack it is
but Halsey move but my other guy has
rockets okay and so that's not that guy
oh she's out okay okay now my other guy
has his two rockets well he still got
both yeah that's good that's good yeah
which is why I just want someone to
fucking come out well don't let him die
no no no no no
fuck
don't don't spread out too much because
when you do run into somebody I know
you're trying to find them but you do
you're not gonna have the strength and
numbers to counter them so don't don't
let your guys get split up too much now
or we're gonna all come converge right
here now okay but good fuck man that's
that's not backseat driving that's just
my general advice I gotta move my
another sniper up a little closer to
there's no good cover that's a big tree
oh yeah that's the victory okay
all right get you behind that tree
hennequin he's gonna die yes yes by the
way absolutely I'm absolutely going to
die every time rich insists Jack not let
someone die that's the death note wait a
day in the roof I get on the roof I
don't think you can but it is
theoretically possible that there's a
floater up there oh oh right oh oh
there's the thing theoretically yeah
don't they typically don't spawn on top
of saucers but I've seen them fly up
there sure game over man game over
all right
and now we're gonna - you as far as
those it reference to the flutters being
on the roof they stole your PlayBook
yeah they know it's up like that I don't
like that I don't like that I don't like
that I don't like that all right
I go into the middle I love this game so
much
I do you - you come come here to the
middle I'm here to the middle fucking
easier - I don't care
fuck yes they're in the saucer Jack I
know I know you're in shut up and I
don't blame you and that's a fine way to
play slow is good I love watching you
freak out here though I love it
great great I'm glad you love it and now
just I just got I got no fucking cover I
don't I know all right all right
everybody everybody hope hope fucking
tight old fucking tight a little bit
closer all right here's the amo all
right see how nervous he is now that he
thinks they're on the roof
think about what that does the aliens
thank you that's fucking right as far as
webinar get the enemy within expansion
uh it doesn't really make a difference I
mean the way enemy within is designed
it's kind of like the FTL advanced
edition that's it's it's still enemy
Unknown they just added shit to it
there's no more enemy types none of
which we've seen yet by the way Jack oh
yeah yeah yeah we haven't seen any of
the new aliens other so there's new
aliens there's some new council mission
type stuff but there's also all of the
old XCOM content in there see miss you
may as well play with him first
hi
I were moving in great society comics
doors and I know that's what I'm
debating the soundwaves I know I'm
debating oh my god ship fucks
fuck you fucks for fucking making this
game this beautiful game this beautiful
fucking game and I know he's not
watching tonight but thank you Jake
Sullivan you hurt for making X comment
via another thank you
once you get the blaster launched here
the game is pretty much over I'm
assuming they're talking about the first
XCOM good lest you launch your isn't
that overpowered in this one and that's
not even when the first X comes over the
first X come that game is over the
second you get psionic powers they've
they've you don't know any of this jack
but you can eventually get mind powers
nice yeah yeah and then the first guy
it's it's nerve to consider playing this
in the first game once you've got it the
game was pretty much over because you
can use your mind powers mind control
one alien and then have that alien walk
around in through him you could like
mind control another alien nice then you
could have like a chain of mind control
going throughout the whole fucking map
and then then you just have the aliens
kill themselves space you have them you
have them all throw their weapons onto
the ground walk over to you and then you
can just shoot them one by one so my
mind control has been nerfed
considerably as it should be it sounds
like oh yeah yeah
see the difficulty I go through that
door
why not because it looks solid oh god
it's like the doors in the front of the
saucers okay were you you oh you never
got used one though
yeah they tap open like normal doors
okay or you can or you could run through
them but check
I understand I would I would take all
your guys and pick a side yeah I'm gonna
I'm going here and it doesn't look like
anything's gonna happen so I think I
think I got my game plan Jimmy jammed
here we go here's a nice line of sight
there we go I shouldn't be able to see
some shit now I am NOT disappointed that
they nerfed mine control it did it did
kind of make the first one too easy the
thing the thing with XCOM no in general
and it's true of this one too
the difficulty curve actually goes down
by design because you keep getting
better equipment better shit better
soldiers eventually I get fucking mind
powers and at some point the game
becomes really easy but that's that's
kind of the point though because the
whole theme is taking their shit and
using it becoming more powerful it's
it's it's it's satisfying when the
aliens that were beating your ass and
and the tables are just completely
turned at some point it's like when when
you get to the point where you're
slaughtering than men you get a council
meeting and you got you got a good group
of guys and you're just tearing through
them that that feels really good
that's I think that's the point of any
good game right is is empowerment and
yeah yeah and learning through your yeah
okay had this is good you're just gonna
hang there
okay all right next turn
we're bustin through busting through the
door everybody get ready in response to
a question I don't think within is that
much more difficult there's there's a
great mission they add it in the middle
of the game it's really difficult but
man is it fun and I'm not gonna spoil
that the new enemy types they added I
mean the the cloaking tentacle monsters
are kind of a joke once you know how to
deal with them and and for as hard as
they might be that the mech toys are
just fun as hell the fight we're
probably not gonna see a mech toy
tonight should I tell you what a mech
toy does a mech toy yeah that sounds
made up
all right you know the little sectoid
yeah with those little tiny aliens
you'll get some that are in my robotic
bodies they're a big giant fucking vets
mech suit nice so this little cute
little gray guys but he's got like a
just a giant fucking robot built around
him and they call that a mech toy is
most of the sec toys yeah oh yeah
I like it
yes you get harder opposition and
eventually much stronger people be the
endgame it's actually really easy I I'm
actually the thing I hate about this
game I won't spoil what happens in it
but they really needed to beef up the
amount of enemies in the last mission
the end the end game was just kind of a
joke and it's that's sad I think this
could be a check like for anyone who
doesn't play this game and has just seen
me slowly crawl my way with no fucking
enemies for the past what seems like
eight hours it's like an alien and like
like an alien's movie yeah you know you
know that they're they're fucking in
there and there's some where and
stalking you yeah yeah oh great great
alright everyone else hang we're gonna
open this door next round you're gonna
go crazy now aren't you you're gonna go
medieval on some aliens I got my snipers
already we got some bitches ready fuck
fuck fuck fuck fuck
time to go Jack I know I'm to go alright
there we go there we go you're building
it up too much do we go oh never
disappointed that's it
okay okay all right all right I hope
he's got friends around the corner
that's just kind of like okay
trader rocket does for damaging cause it
started to take increased damage from
all sources not necessarily using this
yet but nice to know I have it this guy
this guy is just here are you doing
shins on
oh oh there's yeah there's more room
still I can't waste my rocket yet okay
let's start be fairly easy to flank any
would be it certainly would be my Jack I
know you're all about flank I love the
flank
that's what I'm just so I'm just looking
for the right you know like guys that's
good that's fine that's it take your
time and enjoy the game I you know what
I'm going Goods that when I get you
around here we kind of can
well we review XCOM at any point bombing
there's no kind of giving it a glowing
recommendation right now yeah it's
fucking awesome that's the Revere does
I don't know every what francium and
shoot him in the face
what if I told you I don't know what I'm
doing most of the time not this all
right though no not chin son all right
who's this guy mutation you can do it
here we go here we go
no pay come back here yeah all right
83% you can flank him with somebody else
just remember she's the one bad aim
yeah point-blank fucking hit chances 83
hey that was it that was it I know I
know that was it I'm sorry oh no it's
okay I'm glad you didn't tell me I
wasn't sure okay when you're when you
shoot it you up bowed down yeah somebody
able to die in the crash Oh
unless aliens on a ship you shoot down
the one that just lands that just lands
okay okay do you think you will play
this more on your own um probably
probably I don't know you know uh all
right
see her aim is okay now her yeah her aim
is shit to begin with it is I just go
home target you got an extra shot to
miss with with with bullets warm so I
you know how much targeting you yeah
because if she misses then at least
somebody else will have a better shot
clam I think I think that's a good use
for a heavy with shitty aim okay yeah
that in fact that last mission right
there convinced me a lot about this game
just how real it was uh huh you know but
now I can definitely see myself like
getting overconfident and having that
like having that armor and and yeah
knowing a little bit more of some of
their tactics and then maybe like next
time Oh like I'll just sweep everyone
and then the time after that I will get
my ass handed to me you you haven't seen
half the shit exactly exactly
you haven't seen a cyber dis you're
gonna fucking sector pod
you remember 80209 imagine an 80209 was
competent and had missile launchers all
over the place
all right guys here it is oh yeah here's
the memorial the memorial wall oh look
at that sir gimpy ten kills five
missions Master Kenobi nine kills five
missions black my aqueon us Jon kilo
Kaos Lee and slugs boy and hormon who
was no one I think I just free forgot to
reapportion possession
oh yes Harmon you all fought so
valiantly most of you died in operation
morbid stranger ah and your death will
not be in vain I'm somebody will
continue this very same game at some
point yeah on your own or whatever I
think so I think you know I will until
until I die right yeah that's the hook
cuz it's Iron Man mm-hmm oh no that was
for a real time strategy game
that was so intense and this like all
this does is convinced me that the
Banner Saga is terrible yes because you
play a lot more realtime strategy
tonight well turn come is turn-based
turn-based I can't find any certainly
not any there are as good as this Hey
but but you know just how much I was
into this combat and how little I was
into that yes and under very similar
situations when we're playing with each
other and in this case we have a lot
more people watching us but you know
like it's a situation that's not
necessarily conducive to this type of
game but still I'm crazy and XCOM yeah
good good just because the combat is so
good and and yeah yeah that's is the
world is very nice it's it's it's all
the tactics and the movement and and the
flaking and the do you want to use a
grenade you want to try and take the
shot you got so many options on what you
can
yeah I suppose the banner saga where
your only options were really to run up
to them and and hit them with the shield
or hit them with them whatever yes yeah
yeah all right I know you guys want an
encore but Jax Jax got a little fat I
hope and I'm an old man we have seven
hours stream today oh it's been fun
everybody I had fun thank you very much
for showing up oh yeah here we're gonna
get out of here we'll see if we can find
a a little outro song okay let me get
outta let me get out of XCOM for a
second how do we get out ex I'm like
through this there you go
save and exit fireman so you gotta save
an exit
okay this exit no no no you did it rich
it was Jack doing it rich rich got me
through yeah I stopped steering Jack a
few missions ago rich rich got me
through the first hump yeah and and that
that helped a great deal I think I I
think I started at an advantage
I started to add an advantage because I
had rich coaching me absolutely but I'll
give no fucks oh I got some ex-cop cards
you guys can't see that but I got some
ex-cop cards two of the same one which
is kind of sad yeah you know I trade
I'll trade with someone he would be fine
all right let's see if we can find let's
see if we can find a sign is there a
streaming schedule well we try to stream
every Wednesday man yo due to
circumstances we probably won't be able
to do every single Wednesday but we try
to have a group stream on Wednesday and
then Jack usually does a solo stream on
Sunday night that's right
Sunday night
that is right
I said on Sunday night Jack can go on
top of as many roofs as he would like ha
ha ha it's true
okay it says yeah yeah Sunday Sunday is
a much more low-key stream I just dream
whatever I feel like and and yeah
Wednesday we try to it's weird Wednesday
we try to get a group together and I
think next week Wednesday we're going to
try to do a multiplayer game this was a
this is a pretty heavy game I said after
we after we do DuckTales 4j uh after we
do DuckTales per day of course okay if
we have duct tape well DuckTales is a
lighter game yeah so next week will be a
lighter game
yeah I'm looking for tea table but I
can't find it
you're searching for tea - I'll search
for lady team - lady Tito that's right
lady
t-tom and you might be smelling Todd
different way than she does I don't know
because yeah you guys keep here it is
you guys keep linking me to the YouTube
video but there there is something
better than the YouTube video there is
the weird live one that's weird
yeah the live ones rated T that's how
you spell cat lady
oh no eh Utah yes
oh here it is here it is oh my god you
guys I found it I found the real song I
have to hear the YouTube one I shirts
different it's different it's a little
different
alright let's make sure this isn't crazy
loud
all right let's see if you guys gonna
hear this
if the
Glenn goes crazy for a second on Spotify
yeah fun yes I am singing this yeah the
YouTube video has like other instruments
and crowds are weird it's different not
this
yeah the lady kiha this is a good scream
I've I need stir this is real game next
week will be lighter and more fart
around I think seven we try fighting
again ask that one of us knows very long
yes see ya this is rich registering
accesses that's anis I give this dream a
ten out of that bomb thank you thank you
bye bye yak
they'll cut this off with our kind of
video all broadcast
I don't cut anything past broadcasts at
all like the highlight videos I just try
to stick with and they'll be out there's
two there's two sections of the twist
very previously our past recorded and
highlights if you go to the past report
and it's just a full unedited stream and
the highlight video I just try to cut
the game I try to cut all the street
yeah you get you can go to the some of
the highlights where it's just like you
know like just Jay playing Binding of
Isaac or just crazy taxi one out of ten
what what is that service Adan occurs
hearing the cat lady peace out for the
first time greatest thing in the world
you miss dartle
we just told you there's an art come on
you can watch it
you can watch the archive
and congratulations Tito the cat lady
that little hit came from curse of the
wolf it plays during the lesbian romance
scene which is not a joke
crazy it plays during these sincere
lesbian romance scene of curse and
curses the whole go
god bless link Emma's in scape if you go
to Victoria Gilinsky dot-com you can
hear that version Victoria as you would
expect Victoria to be spelled and
Galinski is gee al i n sk y dot-com go
to her music and you can listen to the
song I don't we always thought lady teat
ah it's Tita the cat lady and T ties te
e tah one word and the cat lady and you
are welcome play that for your friends
being the coolest kid in town alright
but thanks for coming out everybody yeah
it's been fun
have a nice night
