Invisible Inc. Jack Run (Part 1)
September 13, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2iUNJwPfz-4

hey guys we're back on oh hi oh hey
everybody and also I see someone posted
though a still image of my lack of chest
hair I mean that's like upper chest I
don't even think that counts but you
know that's what there's two things here
yeah one why are we spending time
talking about your chest hair sure sure
- why are people taking screenshots of
your chest to prove that you don't have
chest hair these are all weird things to
have happen but with our fine questions
- yeah yeah it's odd yeah it's very odd
one thing I do want to like reiterate
hurt or iterate in general is like I
don't just because of the drug talk I
don't think it's a good idea to do drugs
that's the one thing I learned about
doing drugs is most people that's how
they find that out is from doing drugs
right when they grow up and they move on
yeah yeah I will tell you like one of
the that was one of the like slowest
times of my life as far as like
creativity was concerned I did nothing
the years like you know moving to three
years at high school like right right in
high school then after is what if it was
my pop period and I made nothing really
really because then you have someone
like Kevin Smith who says you know he
wakes up and smokes pot and coke spot
all day yeah but then you look at the
shit he's doing so he tries to say it
makes it more creative well and you know
I think it's different for everybody
works for some people it didn't it made
me paranoid and and isolated I I would
go away from people when I did it and I
didn't make anything yeah so that was my
only experience I don't condone drugs I
just want to make sure people know that
I guess
no I don't want to seem like I'm an
advocate for drug user I understand I
had some good times with some friends
but I still do that and I don't do drugs
very good so done there's our PSA PSA
all right let's get back let's get back
to this is your neck actually confirmed
for Newark absolutely absolutely
you're still bitter about losing yes I'm
sorry did we no we didn't even like the
head okay all right jack is now playing
I'm gonna plan easy because that's the
only way I can do anything
I'm ready okay we have a hot keys ready
gotta have my hot keys ready to Smith
you have some strange patents in the
global market oh man they're picking up
some strange patterns is a global market
guys so we've got a server farm I think
that just gives us more of a mission
option B no the server car gives you an
incognito a hacking with programs oh
okay that's very sorry security gives
you a high level item like a high levels
looking for us to a daughter or
something okay the executive journals
opens more missions okay the Nanofab is
the the good store that's got a lot of
neat shipment and the vault is of course
money okay oh the vault is very guarded
so I don't want to do that yet I'm gonna
go to the detention center and see if I
can get another guy in my team
all three he's probably gonna get a
miracle Derek yellow best guy I hate
them and I want that I want to never do
them I think it's like 90% of the time
it's just a generic prisoner you got
someone yeah that was like we don't like
the second time I've ever gotten another
character
jaquise okay
all right steal that power yo incognita
gotta steal that power internationale is
her name okay what's it here that's a
big no she didn't have any more points
left
close that door oh I like to make sound
effects
oh that's right I'm a jungle oh I forgot
about that you're a Juggalo I think I
sent that in one of the past streams I
was down with the globe I say if that
makes me a druggie just because of that
are you are you down to clown until you
dead in the ground is that a thing that
said I want to say that's an ICP sign
down there I should know because I'm
their biggest fan but I don't remember
oh yeah Jay why don't you know come on
okay now I know his name is Dekker the
guy in the overcoat Decker Decker Decker
I still don't see enough of a similarity
to Blade Runner to say that's a
reference
sir he's got a coat that's not yet
what's gonna Nate alright alright I
think it's probably a reference to oh we
looked it up was it was Deckard
there was a dexhart oh I already forgot
Deckard the movie and then Eckhart I
don't know we looked it up I forget I
always fall asleep before they ever say
his name god dammit Jay ring do that
again yeah yeah it's Deckard okay that's
the same I mean yeah it's he's heading
back that way we can get the other side
of the door fine
yeah I'm just you know what I'm doing
take it down take him a fuckin time see
if you can get further than I did what
level did you get to ah you got to the
third mission fourth or so I think the
fourth yeah okay you got to the fourth
mission that's so that's my goal
you know you got to do close that door
where can I hide okay so here's the
great thing about this game is you can
just hide right here and then walk right
past it the greatest intern
International close that door
Internationale is gonna head this way go
see if we can peek through this door
that Power Juicer or sensory thing that
that finds other objects Wow well it
doesn't matter like there's no cameras
or anything you don't know that to use a
problem can I just use it yeah you got
if you got an action pointless we're not
gonna use it anyway
oh sure no there's nothing okay that's
worthy no was it worth it
yes okay I believe you all right okay oh
and now Deckard does not have his
pickpocket ability yet no I'm just makes
fake starts wobbling thanks great she
starts awesome pickpocket and she opens
lock doors so here's how you get past
them so he's gonna walk back this way
next rinse all I do do ya idea great
that's great
okay lady pants get in there empty room
empty room I went oh there's a console
oh yeah I already stole that that's
something in there huh fucking hell all
right lady pants wait always you always
have to shut that door go there then
lady pants you're gonna go right here
and he's just gonna walk right by her
can't even get in there now
all right intern here we go guys it's
happening we're doing it this guard this
guard doesn't know what's happened he
doesn't know what's good he's a dickhead
be safe bakit
my feet smell like roses whose be my so
when I put your feet smell like see
people that's the weird stuff smell it
would be finding us just ignoring
questions about what feet smell like
Harriet chest hair those kind of things
why don't we just ignore those chest
hair isn't appropriate because I guess
if my chest was slightly visible during
the last video we are objects to these
people that's comedy objects objects but
I just want to make stupid videos shit
did it see me no you want by the same
database nice
so now because internationale Leslie
lady pants right here has the special
pack the power supplies from far away
thing I'll send her in this direction so
she can get those dogs and then I'll
send Decker in this direction so you can
see what's over there all right nice and
close that door can I talk about mustard
some more well there we go mustard is
disgusting you guys open up a can of
bees you open up a can of us this is the
most violent condiment witness last time
you tried it have to try it before I
know I hate it got your minds i J no it
seriously cuz there's lots of things
that I used to dislike that I've grown
too you know hey let's change over time
there's there's not liking things and
then there's sizing things I used to be
that way with some foods and now I lose
I I like a lot
III want to say ten years okay I'm not
gonna try it again for your sake cuz
last time I had mustard I almost throw
up I I can't stand the stuff actually I
probably accidentally had someone like a
cheeseburger in recent years and
okay bear no this is a always fuck up
your order it's it's a weird thing to
hate that violently to me because it's
it's a my old taste it's not like
something like spicy or something I
don't know it's a weird one to me but
whatever oh I still hate Oilers that's
the one food that I want always say then
read what that one does doctor okay
yeah-oh kills demons those things that
when you hack them they're like that's
like a virus and it does I don't know
what the virus does various things
sometimes they like open let more cards
in the web Oh
sometimes they reduce your movement
speed yeah that would be nice I want the
mid gel all right
hey you do what you want to that's
fucking right all right I'm gonna stay
there stay there stay in an
international I can't move mustard is
not the condiment of Satan mustard is is
the earthly embodiment of Satan but it
is the form that Satan takes when he
enters our world there is evil deeds
let's you have a very strong opinion on
mustard yes I do
I think you have a strong opinion on
that sir than I have on anything I am
mustard as a demon extra man
I used to be a super picky eater when I
was a kid growing up but yeah at some
point in my 20s my taste buds opened up
to a whole new magical world yeah filled
with jalapenos and hot sauce and don't
think I still don't like her olives and
pickles
you don't like olives and pickles oh I
fucking hate olives I am picking love
olives oh there was a time in which I
was a wedding DJ and a lot of times in
order to save money the bride and groom
would choose not to feed us
oh those fuckers that's the worst Oh
it's ending you just stand there behind
the booth watching everyone else eat
while you're playing Love Shack and it's
just bullshit well I just suppose it's a
little bit different for a DJ because
you're I'm thinking of it from when we
used to shoot weddings and we're there
sometimes for 10 hours and they don't
feed you yeah
that's bullshit a DJ's like what four or
five hours maybe I mean it's still kind
of bullshit I mean it's still kind of
bullshit yeah but anyway what I was
gonna say in those instances like we
can't leave it's not like we can go out
and get food right uh and so I would
survive off of coke and olives I haven't
put olives in my coke just the sugar and
the sustenance from the olives my honey
oh that's horrible
well I mean yes yeah I'm gonna clarify
something for the chip okay mustard is
in fact worse than the Amazing Spiderman
wanted - okay I thought that was
important I ended oh shit there's two
guards in there
I mean who would watch does he have
miss Cartman this guy didn't see me this
car did no there's a safe place you go
close the door no I'm gonna take out
this cart he keys not you don't have to
take out any guard I'm gonna take him
out well then he's just gonna wake up a
few turns and then you're gonna have
alerting guards running around do you
mean you can hide behind then just close
the door and hide behind that desk can't
you again
now he's gonna come right here yeah and
he's gonna look around he's not gonna
see because the desk is gonna be there I
can hide right here yeah but see me yep
can I add right here
I had no the further ones if you do get
spotted you can run on the other side of
the desk okay rich apparently your
feelings on mustard are quite very
special very controversial people are
going apeshit fuck them people a result
of what foods they can can't like I
didn't think mustard was that popular of
an item I don't know is it mustards fine
I'm okay with it you're gonna be
horribly disappointed to learn that any
hot dogs I may or may not eat a space
cub will not have a buster yeah we've
been very you know courteous and putting
mustard on the hotdogs just going yeah
just ketchup plainer ketchup er you know
you probably if you really wanna
simulate mustard you could use squeeze
cheeze I'll be fine with that
Oh squeeze cheese it's too late for that
now yeah I know I think we've shot all
the important hot dog scenes but I see
and I'd like I really like Chicago sound
like the peppers that no thanks for all
the crap on and that's something I would
have hated when I was younger
absolutely the peppers and onions and
should not I would have hated it but now
oh so my mic might taste heavy evolve
since I was a kid but mustard is just
that's the one thing yeah I mean a
strange we're not gonna apologize for
hating Muslims you know that you have a
very controversial opinion on it okay
you're allowed to have that opinion but
am i apparently not
he doesn't see you nothing oh man now I
want a chicago-style honey no and
there's that place there's a place in
Milwaukee that like that the hot dogs or
whatever that's closing down that great
hot dogs no hot dogs is in Chicago
there's a place in here that there's a
place in Milwaukee that's a great hot
dog place it's closing down I don't know
what that's a call obviously I didn't go
there no it's not Martino's is it huh
yeah no how does the Chicago okay that
that is a place that's closing down
camera yes old will CGI the mustard
under the hot dogs in space cub
excellent because what we need to do is
that more visual effects to the movie
get over here
what are you trying to go I'm just
trying to move them oh oh you can click
and drag the map now that's nice
Oh before I even notice that before it
like just moved wherever your mouse went
that's a real this is a fantastic
addition before it was really sloppy but
I think that's cuz you're not doing full
screen oh sure yeah I hate for the full
screen way where you just like have to
like drag your mouse trouble I'm suing
both working full screen but I like the
drink yeah the drag is out of it I mean
I mean I like moving off to the side
having to move to it oh yeah that's
right yeah you know what I think gay I I
should have taken out this guy viral um
Kickstarter 1 million for CGI mustard
the budget of the CGI mustard will be
substantially higher than the budget for
the actual movie
because this yeah I don't much like
pickles either and I don't think ketchup
goes well at all the cheese so so
ordering cheeseburgers is always a
headache for me
you can no mustard no ketchup the
pickles I would like some some lettuce
and some mayonnaise
I do like potato slices I like lettuce
and man on a burger the California
burger lettuce tomato mayo on a burgers
I think those aren't ketchup together
good eye here's is my thing I've never
liked to catch it okay it's sugar the
sugar paces so what's what's your what's
your problem here John here's what I'm
thinking right yeah so this guard is
gonna walk back to this station right
and look back this way yeah see a
stationary guard or patrolling guard
he's a stationary guard that means he's
gonna be staring right at those safes
yeah but then I got this asshole to
worry about ya know but he'll get back
here and he'll turn around he was facing
this way sure well he's gonna be looking
at the same set you can get in there but
he's gonna be looking at safes
but what do I do you have to either deal
with not getting those safes or you can
quote but I don't know if you'll be able
to get back out in time sure yeah all
right well you know what I'll take it
we'll take it to the next we'll take it
to the extreme
okay that at least gets me a knee in I
still go off of muster and we got a deal
like this asshole if I if I take him out
will he hear me um no but I got the void
taken guys out I have to why you mean
those saves I wanna hey your funeral
great now what about the other guy who's
looking right at the safes I'll deal
with that in a second oh okay okay who
got the best card insufficient funds
now I got the funds oh I just deal with
money first but now I can get in that
red door something listen it's something
it's something I also just sit on him
for three Tara go this way Deckard can
go that way yeah yeah camera my camera's
gonna turn on this next turn
I will not stream by wedding on twitch I
mean this is smart coal if I want the
marriage to last I don't think I can
stream it on Twitch I think that's
that's off-limits
oh this might be an empty room where's
the fucking objective it's gotta be
through that door then this is an empty
room
what's your objectives supposed to be
isn't it C okay is everyone in agreement
on ranch dressing that it's great is
that your opinion rich do you like ranch
go say it's fine it's good it's a world
where all pro ranch dressing yeah how's
that that's that's important we have to
find an agreement on something here okay
so I think we can all agree that ranch
dressing is good it's good it's not
someone ring what about sour cream
what's sour cream consensus I'm fine the
sour cream here's my hair so here's our
employer mind on french fries sour cream
on four just sour cream on french fries
that makes perfect sense cuz you put
sour cream on baked potato yeah that's
true so I don't think I've ever had it
but I'm sure it's funny now I'm sorry
that doesn't blow my mind you know okay
that makes perfect sense they're
somewhat related the routine is
delicious houdin's which is french fries
with gravy I mean anything we're gravy
that's true I've had it once and it's
surprisingly good it's great
yeah meat separates its fucking cried
shit worried me how can it not be the
best
I got it there's a door over here
additional cameras I know I wouldn't
check sour cream straight into my art I
don't know why but I find that really
funny funny but probably not very
healthy I would not recommend you
actually do that now okay
the concept is amazing what is your
objective Jam I don't know oh that's
dead-end camera right there well no I
mean you don't remember what it was when
he took the mission
I don't want did you take I don't
remember
oh god I don't know what I'm looking for
who's not here go into incognito mode
you can see dead ends like you know
yellows a door right so you can actually
double check see if you have actually
there's a door jambs you guys have
streamed dark souls right you remember
that you played there I play dark souls
I'm working with everything when you're
gonna do it we're never going to do it
again nobody I got begin here's why it's
because of you assholes and that was one
of our very first streams oh yeah and
they'd rather comically gave us terrible
advice oh I a screen remember yeah and
and that and we had a pretty bad time
playing because you guys are giving a
shit advice oh my head it was fun
but it kind of ruined Dark Souls but
just a fly oh okay it's a detention
center yeah I get in there yeah no I
can't by the way the answer's no I can't
that's okay I know what I'm gonna do
you get in there with a cloak yeah next
turn
all right I don't think you're gonna
make it out of it with that prisoner ah
this is this is a cut your losses and
run situation absolutely not I know you
won't take my advice I will not take
your advice but I know why because it's
dumb I'm going to give my advice to you
so you can ignore it okay and I can rub
that in your face great
later when everybody's dead okay you
think I'm gonna die I think you're good
I think you might lose one of them and
maybe decide to run though if I lose one
I just died fuck it you're not gonna get
through this game with one guy I got I
got this okay so here's what I'm gonna
do about the dog see now this is the
dart and I cloak use cloak okay cuz I'll
stay cloaked throughout the whole thing
so I can move here and you won't see me
let play more ex-con just shove that
down my throat until I die what that's a
comment that somebody barely likes us
playing ex-cop oh you want you to play
it till it kills them yes let me name
yeah we can questioning their life
choices but Deena oh it's generic
prisoner - ah fuck you generic prisoner
oh what'd I tell you it was gonna be
Jack what'd I tell you
whatever come here lady pants what can
you do you can't do shit ah fucking hell
I won't just hang out in here hang out
in here ladypants
fucking fuck I go check that shit out I
guess there's nothing over there great
Deckard come over here now where you
going
you're stationary this is great this is
gonna be great what assholes in the
stream tonight being assholes yeah
alright just assholes that happens it
happens
I saw someone earlier was asking about
half in the bag we have not done one for
a few weeks because what's in theaters
can anyone name anything they're excited
to see right now what is in theaters or
seriously can you name one like what
Kate what's coming out this weekend I
bet you can't think of anything can you
oh my god I can't see so that's
partially that there's really literally
been nothing that is worth doing a half
on the bag on the closest would have
made me Benson city too but oh sure um
and that was a couple weeks ago now but
other than that there has been nothing
so we've taken a little break focused on
space cop we powered through some stuff
for space cop worked on editing the
samurai cop interview there's work going
on and a half an hour best of the worst
yes there's the best of the worst that's
mostly edited should be done soon no
we're working on stuff but half of the
bag is kind of you know we'll get back
to it of course but they're really it's
really I can't remember the last time in
the time that we've been doing the show
where there's been so many consecutive
weeks when there's been nothing to see
the reason is drunk drop yeah there's
the droughts of the movies what see
that's a good point
yeah Lincoln what what came out this
week
nothing nothing nothing and I guess I I
read an article either this last weekend
or the weekend before was the least
amount of tickets sold for a weekend
since 1988 not like amount of box office
money just the least amount of ticket
sold because there's nothing I don't
know how this happened
are you doing I know jack I got this you
got this you don't even all right all
right you don't even know how much I got
this I'm probably I'll be honest or I'm
gonna do it so spectacularly that you
won't even know then I'll believe you're
dreaming what hit you Oh after Jays far
as Toronto and some festivals and
independent movies that's not really
half in the bag
occasionally we'll do a smaller movie to
spice things up but for the most part
it's for the for the bigger releases oh
he's checking that door she's stuck in
there I got this okay okay I'm just
doing this in case he comes in here okay
- possibly
overwatch you don't hear your ex is
close enough mate yeah maybe yeah it's
fucking right maybe I'll take maybe I
could do this I believe in me
oh shit I no longer believe in me okay I
got this I got this
this Deckard have a no another shot
again what's a sweet charge like on this
no you just he'd just use it he's got
two more turns so ladypants is gonna
have to come in here and take him down
keep it up yeah she can do that don't
leave the door open
never leave the door but even when
you're gonna walk through it again close
that fucking door now you're thinking
with tactics yes baby pants go done me
okay I think she finds the fact that you
call her miss lady pants demeaning you
should stop tonight that's what I mean
it's me yeah okay all right I'm okay
with that I'm okay it was into it but I
you know what ladies can wear man pants
jack
ladies can wear any pants they want I
just hate the name Internationale this
is the name that's her name oh it's
international
lady pants is better yes so I now take
mine
alright but what movie do you see on the
horizon for half in the bag oh god
what's coming out there's nothing gone
girls coming out soon I think David
Fincher's name out and that's David
Fincher so I'll go see that he's really
good at taking bland pulp pop
entertainment and turning into really
well-made movies I'm not sure what else
is coming out I'd have to look into it I
know there's nothing this weekend
there's this question yeah would you do
the Angry Video Game Nerd movie for half
of the package no no I probably wouldn't
I would feel very weird doing that for
half in the bank
I thought it was an interesting question
anything it's fine yeah it's it's a
worthwhile question but no I would I
would feel very odd about doing it yeah
it's not the normal type of movie we do
for for half in the bag so to make an
exception just because it's another you
know Internet where your guy yeah it
would be odd okay doesn't mean that's if
if I ever see it I won't discuss my
opinions on it somewhere maybe in the
stream or whatever oh sure I never have
and then quick cuts I just having that
time to do any quick cuts not head time
I know the idea of mine it was that it
should be something we can do quickly
and simply but I haven't even had time
to do that which is unfortunate because
I've actually seen a lot of really good
movies lately
thank you might do it I'm gonna I'm
totally good you might do it you're not
getting a third hair drive you're just
getting that stupid fucking orange
jumpsuit what is he getting like 600
bucks that's it yeah fuck him it's fuck
him no I mean I'm doing it there's
nothing there's nothing to stop me
that's that's apparently all this
freedom is worth to his family 600 500
bucks
fucking that's usually about where it is
for me I fucking hate those guys and I I
don't try very hard to save them close
that door I didn't close it when
International went through just cuz I do
miss bringing deckard I just want to
look the stream down then I wanted to
close that door but a new Deckard was
going through so it didn't matter
I understand do you yeah you gotta close
in doors yo its lack of fucking movement
points
somebody somebody likes quick cuts
because they get to see you were closed
up you're welcome that's the point of
quick cuts okay
got everyone out did it
finder's fee will be a nice boost okay
I'll take 900 that's something hm
give me some upgrades here most
important thing is steel from behind as
far as I'm concerned that is the most
important that's the first thing I crave
absolutely all the time 100% then I go
stuff yeah yeah it's more movement
points it but I don't have any money on
it so yeh feeling saucy over the vault
I'm feeling saucy
I mean the vaults these smart thing to
go for cuz that's where all the money is
and then you go to a Nanofab if I could
put exactly the only problem is that is
very guarded yeah you know what fuck it
doing it I'm gonna die I'm gonna die you
got a death wish jack has no sense of
his own mortality yeah okay Jack is not
as good at these kind of games as riches
and I'm trying something that's a little
more difficult bad one thank you fine
you're fun but I'm fine everything's
fine I'm fine and everything else is
fine how are you that's a that's a quote
from Star Wars Episode one The Phantom
Menace right Oh J everything's a quote
from Star Wars Episode one The Phantom
Menace that's true gamer okay
could samurai cop take Lent in a fight I
don't know Allen's he's got some skills
well it is prime or no and either I
don't even think it matters yeah that
man is still in fine jail I didn't meet
him in person because I was watching
Star Trek
lyza comments about that because I at
the end of the interview I showed the
photo the group photo we took in every
was like where's rich did you make him
take the photo there's a lot of comments
about I have my rich was not there when
we shot the interview unfortunately my
choices were samurai cop war TNG reunion
with my fiance yeah the choice was kind
of obvious and maybe you're not as big
of a fan of samurai cop yes yes that's a
fine choice it's a fine show but that's
why rich is not in the photo at the end
we didn't make him take the photo
happened to be there when we shot the
interview I like I like making him take
the photo better an empty room oh no we
had to make him take the photo because
we don't have any tripods here we don't
have any tripods at our production
studio we couldn't just set the camera
on a tripod right here's the thing about
that fight though Matt Hannon has some
tactical experience because he used to
be a bodyguard yes Len is like a third
degree black now yes yes
Landon trains in martial arts all the
time still to this day lends it so
anyway right I think so yeah that's
that's the logic of not saying I would
now want to see them fight though I want
to see them partner up oh that's that
that's it who is physically larger um
bulk Matt is taller that's taller that's
more masculine head is probably more
muscular all right then I get it the one
okay more muscular now the samurai cop
back when he made the movie he was more
muscular now he's still in good shape
but he's not quite as as muscular
okay yeah
yeah did you see those photos oh yeah if
anyone really wants to see a lot of
samurai cop watches ice bucket challenge
video if you haven't seen that have you
seen that Jack no I don't you have it as
your wallpaper hit computer don't you if
you want to get at the two artifacts you
do see what happens they're worth more
now than the update I used to be only
100 bucks now a few hundred or four
hundred each or something weird oh my
fucking god
it's married one versus the entire rlm
staff you mean all of us taking him on
at once against him or as little win
one-on-one even either way he would win
absolutely 100% 100% mine wins all the
time
they both stationary yeah yeah that's
gonna be a clusterfuck there's ways
around that here's what I have here you
know you don't you know you here's that
here's the thing with with the
stationary guys now once once they go
back to their starting position after
they check something yeah they they
don't turn back around to face the way
they were facing before right so if you
can get that guy to walk out and when he
walks back he'll be facing the wall so
if you step just into his cone of sight
now and back out of that room he'll go
check on it and turn around
mmm and you can end up doing that for
both guys yeah that's a good idea that's
that's a smart idea
Oh someone's asking about the painting
the famous painting which one the the
baby painting oh I don't know what it is
we've gone over that well they don't
know I streams before okay
well it's a baby painting of me that's
rich is a baby person who made it
completely unknown
I've asked relatives nobody remembers it
might be of mystical origin it just to
be
it really is amazing that thing that
thing is still around yes that's great
but mike has a fixation that's really
the truth mike has a fixation with you
in general like if I ever move or
something weird I'll have to like fight
him to get that painting back the
painting of you the painting of me now
that I've owned since I was that well
here we go well any of the aerilon guys
be in a future London cabs and ski
joints if he asked he has not asked
isn't it why are these working on
anything but I would be honored if it
ever came up and then timing worked out
and stuff absolutely I'd be in one of
lines movies you something that's just a
dice for all I'll take it okay
okay I I drop my baby pain to the office
but simply because mike has a fixation
hey well what else am I gonna do with it
yeah they get the same thing with the
other guy it's fine you can probably
just hide on the other side of them that
the console thing a few alert you
station
okay I'm giving you tix a trip oh now
have this turn that's right that's all
right I can just fucking stand right
here and nothing Paul I didn't close the
door
you can fix that you can fix that I
didn't call her the daughter itch just
run back out I think J painted the
painting in the fourth grade that's what
happened that year that I don't remember
I went into some sort of time vortex the
bank when Rich was a baby and I painted
that picture yeah it all makes sense now
even though I am older than you
ya know when didn't do a vortex this
would have been that's why he doesn't
remember I don't remember if there's
sixth grade when you were in the fourth
ma that actually makes perfect sense
hey it said he was stationary yes
no he just walked where he's up against
the wall they go back to the where they
started from if it was one score away he
would have yeah just jump in and high
you can go back out the door or on the
other side of that thing you go back out
the door you can conveniently close it
but then yeah yeah I have to ask that
anyway okay great great great great why
can't why can't it be even with the
tiles why can't the camera not be here
not be here but being the middle so
everything is nice to me this is because
that would be weird with the walls no
that would be perfect with the walls I
want it to align I want everything to be
aligned what about what about the walls
behind I guess you could just make them
transparent but I screw you isometric is
great I dislike it yeah
hey I want that corporate say melting
those rich after space cop one of their
films would you want to act in none
because you are a professional working
actors I'm retiring you're inspiring
after space guy okay let's pair that's
fan that's here that's your opus don't
you leave the world with rich why is
your life and everything and it's so
disturbingly creepy and weird who asked
that question there's nothing creepy
unison graves women graves you should be
ashamed sorry being weird
we all have weird shit when we were kids
that's a normal thing I'm sorry my life
has been so much more interesting than
yours no space got to there probably
will not be a space gap - unless someone
just pulls up in a giant truck full of
cash and dumps it on us the lesson
learned from space cop is don't do
sci-fi yeah my lesson is don't make
space go
stealing everything yeah I did have an
idea that this is going back to way
earlier when someone was asking about
the rlm Arkady volume 2 DVD it really
said not bad but a different DVD that's
an anthology where mike rich and myself
each go off and we make our own short
film like 25 minutes or so and then we
have a little wraparound thing that
connects them all the DVD of an
anthology DVD or we all go off and make
our own short films that are completely
unrelated and we don't work on them with
each other and just see what happens and
see if you can stick to bigger maybe
like an interesting experiment yeah I
mean it'd be an anthology they don't
have to connect necessarily but it would
be better than some sort of intertwining
theme and instead of just going into one
after the other you found then you found
another way to cut them together Oh will
I come back and forth between there oh
that would be really tricky doing this
that's mine would suck so bad oh shit a
lot of money I got it all all right I
got it all right then close that door
what'd I tell you about the stationery
girls away that's a great way to do it
yeah I didn't even know you can do that
rich Evans please Louise the man he's
the man you talk to when you're when
you're breaking into a building
oh there's two guys in here are we gonna
do any more commentary track so we'd
like to yes eventually we will well
probably we should do to the second
alien vs. predator movie I don't think
any of us have you ever seen a rich no
no I've never so good none of us have
seen that I didn't I didn't see the
first one why do I get it I get to the
first one I take that back you know you
saw before we we watched it before the
commentary
yeah watched it once straight through
because Mike I slobbers once before that
I saw the theater unfortunately no and
then I hadn't seen it since but yeah
I've heard the second one is it's
r-rated so it supposed to be
and I don't know a lot about it because
I don't care all right didn't care now
I'm more curious but at the time I
didn't care when it came out
wait that was the objective I got the
objective
now the objective okay sorry it's okay
video game world
okay
okay all right everything's good
you know I got a ton of money but yeah
there's extra parts of the map to
explore well you're a little arm one
normally I'd chastise you for that but
yeah you got time now yeah yeah yeah no
I mean if I can get a couple extra
hundred bucks I can get some more shit
yeah you've been proving me wrong so far
jack with my competence yes your mild
competence my my I thought you would
just be dumb and bad they're not quite
as genre bad they're probably another
camera on the other wall oh sure I'll
turn her and I just
oh wait what's was there always a door
to there's a door there to I don't need
it I want to see if I can get in here
and see if there's anything first before
I before I'm really dumb yeah I don't
like fucking around those day ones yeah
yeah close that door
alright let's see if we can get him here
now
especially if you go through all the
trouble to get in there it's just like a
console to hack right oh yeah there are
but that's okay right over here yes I
can hide behind this treadmill that I
should not be able to hide behind I'm a
really good spy okay well someone asked
about a commentary track for Ghost
Busters I don't think we would ever do
that because the entire commentary would
be this seems great yeah this seems
really great too man isn't this movie
fun this is this a great movie there's
so many good quotes in this book and
then we were just start saying the
quotes yeah yeah and that would be the
commentary track oh I was here I went
for it three by three was it worth it no
not really no no I don't know half
fucking whatever I'm getting out here
I'm getting out of here all right all
right mr. man pants Jack can't get on a
roof there are no roofs oh no that's
right that's why I'm doing so bad at the
game there and over there are no roofs
how am I supposed to be good at this
game earthern Oh Mike what is it oh
there's a camera I'm sure I was citizen
grapes we did a commentary track for
Ghostbusters too you can find it on
their Bandcamp page we actually did it
shortly after harold ramis died which
maybe isn't bad taste but it was it it
was right after he died was it rest in
peace
we were all in a Ghostbusters movie
that's true so we wanted to watch the
one that sucked and shit on it not want
me on someone we have stuff to say about
it exactly like I said is the first one
all you would be doing was Sam and it
was great so there's there's things to
discuss with ghostbusters do have you
heard the new news on ghostbusters
ladies the the the reboot or third one
or whatever it's gonna be now it might
be an all-female Ghostbusters which
honestly like it's still something about
any new Ghostbusters yeah bad idea but
that at least says a slightly different
spin to it I still don't care but yeah
yeah exactly at least it would be kind
of different I guess I don't know how to
do that
what can I go here no I'm still from
something you're trying to do yeah all
right then I wait gremlins 2 is a
perfect sequel gremlin soon that's the
most insane and amazing sequel you could
possibly get J is alone I think in this
opinion but in this maybe in this room
maybe no other people think it's great
wait are you saying that gremlins 2
isn't great I don't like it I like I
like the dark tone in the first one the
dark yet comical sure I could answer so
we're doing to see a sequel that just
tries to replicate that or would you
want to see one that goes out of their
way to insult everything that made the
first one great when I was young I just
wanted to see them replicate that maybe
I was wrong okay but I hated that movie
as a kid for not being gremlins one oh I
guess I can understand that but it's so
especially now looking back like it's
you know you don't get sequels like that
again yeah I don't get sequels it I mean
it is a risk the entire movie like the
idea of making something like that it's
a fun movie yeah but just making fun the
merchandising there's everything that
made the first one memorable and good
the second one just shits on
yeah no it's great I think that's an
interesting way to take it instead of
just a standard seek or the gremlins
show up in another town I respect your
opinion
mmm tremors - the tremor during their
worse - Ashly isn't that bad
have you ever seen it I do fucking
gorgeous that's one with mini trim yeah
yeah yeah I didn't like that cuz I was
kind of like oh they saw Jurassic Park
that is not as cool as the larger no no
no but it also was a direct-to-video
sequel so they had a quarter of the
budget how cool is it but yeah but Fred
Ward was the main character of it
the second one and I like that cos Fred
words great so I'm a third they made a
third and a fourth and the fourth is set
in the Old West
what yep oh and they're working on 1/5
1/5 or a reboot probably a reboot
1/5 really big you know why my good
friend Bobby turn up turn was up for a
second lead really yep
it was between him and a friend of his
both in the same theater company okay
and he was down to the wire they went
with the other guy but he was ready red
and kind of a bopped Turton in a tremors
movie lobby sure it would be great into
tremors maybe great in any movie that's
very true he might still be in more
movies tell him that I hae be in movies
you know who agrees with you the most
Bobby turn on weird that's what we were
talking about over the weekend he was
talking about the tremors 5 audition oh
that's great
I have played the Ghostbusters videogame
and I I loved it it's it's better than
any kind of Ghostbusters 3 they're gonna
throw together whoopee yeah yeah I've
seen videos on YouTube of the game yeah
where it's all the you know not the
plane parts but the just them bantering
bus that's the good stuff yeah it was
neat
it's like getting a job with the
Ghostbusters yeah okay now now we're
ready
bigger both got pickpocket and they both
got a bunch of moving the points not
your son that was it now we're set
because we're still playing a video game
how we reach always that always uh it
always amuses me how little we talk
about the video game but really it's
just background noise sure we if you
have anything like to sit near you I
don't think you wanna say about the game
coach I mean I'm talking about tremors
more we made a whole video about what we
think about this yes this is just us
enjoying it so a spoiler alert if you
haven't seen the most recent previously
recorded rich and I really like this
game security dispatch what does
security dispatch to a high level item
oh good let's go there one time right it
skipped cutscene
there's no cutscene it's just a lady
talking but that's that's as close to a
cutscene isn't getting those that I
skipped it taken drew and I don't know
how much more story is going to be in
the final product I don't think there
needs to be a story yeah there's there's
a bunch of things that they need to
tighten and there's a there's a bunch
more variety that's needed I think I
think more context of what you're doing
and why are you doing it would be good
though and that's not necessary from you
perform any was not necessary for you
yeah I do I do this by story unless
they're integrated perfectly with the
game um for me like comparing this to
something like an FTL which is also you
know like you know your random stuff
random stuff
the thing that makes FTL different is
every run is a new tactic you know like
depending on the weapon drops that you
get depending on how much scrap you get
it's a new tactic every single time
I'll wrapped around the same game
mechanics in this game I find myself
falling into the same tactic every
single time I play yeah so I get a
little bored in the long run because you
know it's like of course I'm gonna go
with pickpocket and extra movement
points every time we're gonna kind of
play the same way even though the levels
are different yeah
so some variety in items that's that's a
fair critique yeah hey hey
thank you all right all right
let's get this party started ha yeah
what time is it even is it late for tea
it's only 8:40 it feels like it's super
cold out here only three hours that's
true you know what that's true
I should not have walked in that was a
dumb idea was that dark I did that once
just a beep save and like three guys
walk and it's staring right at me
that's the thing take your time somehow
though I got through the fucking mission
the guards will see you alright but I
have a good hiding spot I feel good
about my hiding spot and I can get I'm
good
international over here and that's a
good idea if someone comes in this door
they probably won't see if they come in
this door the private ones here ok and
you're a pretty seedy looking fellow
rich that's sleepy I don't think I know
what CD Baby yeah that's probably the
last thing I would ever describe you as
ugly see I'm not sure about CD
CD I think they're trying to say that
your you look like you look suspicious
yesterday
I'm so sure you want mustard
