Hack & a SPACE QUEST 1 (Part 4)
December 8, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VxEnOoo3nPk

dream number five and no child bride not
all spider-man movies suck only a couple
of them I would say the Remi ones are
they're fine the movies I don't know the
great spider-man movies I think Tobey
Maguire is like the 1950 sitcom version
of Peter Parker I think like the first
spider-man movie definitely has its
flaws the spider-man 2 is pretty
fantastic they really found their
footing lost it for number three and
then of course all the spider-man movies
after that and really really are
terrible see I'm not that fond of the
dr. Jekyll and mr. Hyde presentation of
Dachau oh yeah you're not a fan of like
the arms having some slight the crazy
bitter man is fine but I mean he was he
was evil because of accident not because
of being evil you know that's okay yeah
yeah but that made like a there there
was like a deeper thing there where you
know like the arms were telling him how
to do and they were their own like
self-preservation thing and he was yeah
he was getting me like manipulated but
his mind was still intact and so that's
the real thing is how do you have that
kind of genius and how do you have that
kind of like parental relationship with
Peter Parker if he's an evil person so
like I could see them making that call
for that balance oh that's another thing
with though the ramming moves that
everything has to be a paternal fucking
relationship I don't know I just think I
think it works I think it works for
Peter Parker I think it works for
spider-man I I mean I'll take spider-man
to over any of the amazing spider-man 2
any day yeah well the amazing spider-man
czar ass yes their asses suck in fact I
don't know if we talked about this do
you know what's really good is the the
new cartoon the ultimate spider-man
cartoon I leaned towards spectacular
from a few years before I don't know if
I ever sound that one oh I love that one
that's like that's like the the
spectacular spider-man is - spider-man
as Batman the Animated Series is the
Batman not quite as good I'm not you
know not going that far but sure it's
it's the damn fine spider-man show
spectacular
all right that's good I I really dig I
really dig altima you know they get a
little more into the shield stuff they
get into some team-building stuff which
is really nice Agent Coulson is there
which is always a plus in my book you
know in any case now we're actually
streaming rich mm-hmm this is an
exciting time this was six six tries
that was a six attempts to stream I
don't know I don't know what happened I
don't
I tried switching around the streaming
servers because we were having some
issues yesterday and then suddenly when
I was messing around with the servers I
lost I somehow deleted my twitch
streaming key so I had to re-enter that
there was a whole big debacle but we're
here now thank you for showing up
everybody welcome to the very special
Monday night stream finishing up Space
Quest and I have to go check my phone so
hop right back you have to go check your
phone yeah it might be about tomorrow oh
sure sure well then apparently guys rich
has some better things to do so now rich
has left me to fill some time which you
know is exciting I guess I can't tap
dance as well as rich
but I can wait maybe I can do some like
mouth like you know like I can do that
tomorrow is go Oh
tomorrow is go yep tomorrow wasn't out
earlier great but tomorrow is go mhm
that's great they don't know what
tomorrow is yeah but I'm excited it's a
mystery it's a mystery full of amazement
mystery for everyone
for anyone wondering I I see some people
in the chat asking what my snack is I
have a big glass of water and a MKE
brewing hop freak as I usually have
yesterday I didn't tell you what my
snack was but it was dragons milk I am
eating tater tots and rich is eating
tater tots and I am insanely jealous I
love tater tots I think one of the
greatest things as an adult is finding
like nicer restaurants that serve tater
tots I do you'd go out to eat and and
you know you order burger and fries and
like oh we don't have fries but we have
tater tots it makes me feel happy in a
way that I shouldn't because I'm an
adult I really need some cheese was you
know no when I was a kid on Christmas
there was the adult there yeah and then
the kids got tater tots and cheese was
cheese whiz on tater tots fucking great
you're crazy
that ruins the top well you can't you
can't you can't saturate them you got a
you know some form of moderation but no
that would totally overpower the taste
of the tots there's a cheese makes
everything better there's like a greasy
spoon restaurant over here it's formerly
greasy spoon restaurant and now I like
they tried to upscale themselves it's
like a bar restaurant
they had tater tots and they had a
dipping sauce of sausage gravy okay and
it was something to be desired and I
don't think they have it anymore which
is really upsetting
sounds like poutine little poutine II a
little teeny so I had ones it have a
shot that it works over God I mean come
on come on
mm-hmm okay well I think we were ready
to get it's again our space quest on
rich alright
and because of our I guess we could try
it I did download a new Skype had an
update today that's oh that's very
exciting
well go without not risk the problems
okay because we had so many problems
yesterday with our stream we're not
gonna be screen sharing with rich so he
he's gonna have to watch along with all
of you people Space Quest I'm make look
what is it gravy child brine which I
love crazy which one because lame that
Jack is gonna be largely on his own
which is exciting for everyone okay
so we go to restore our last save was
Space Quest oh nine Space Quest 21 also
we should start enough it some sort of
pool as to how many save states will
have don't tell me and soon I'm gonna
stop paying attention to the chat so you
can't inform me of like the consensus
but you guys started a gambling pool of
how many save states we're gonna have
that sounds a great idea
alright and I am going to officially put
I'm gonna put by the chance to sleep
right now so I can no longer see the
chat so they can't spoil anything for me
alright and Space Quest oh that's right
we're at the bar where I've already
forgotten how to play this game although
oh I need to eat because you need to
type everything
get off skimmer
boom and we're walking wait the first
thing you always do rich I know this
yeah look around okay you are at the
south edge of coolants flats the area is
protected from predators by an
electronic barrier which runs around the
perimeter of the settlement here's a guy
talk to guy yeah yeah you could try that
bird talk I don't understand your
requests there's a guy here I want to
talk to him
talk to man man not guy okay I said look
at man compared to some of the beings
you've seen lately this one looks fairly
normal except for the fact that he seems
to have a cylinder for a head okay talk
to man the man is not interested in idle
conversation he's only interested in the
skimmer oh okay oh he seems to want to
walk towards the skimmer but I'm
blocking his path you think okay I'll
walk with you you're you gonna save
right right before here so yeah you're
pretty safe any he goes sir yeah this is
a genuine fault and sand skimmer I've
been looking for one just like it
I wonder if you'd accept 30 bukka's IDEs
oh okay can I handle oh it doesn't he
says I don't understand haggle
maybe I spelled hang on wrong he spelled
haggle how about HH GG Olli I think okay
H AGG Ellie I don't know I don't
understand Hangul okay ask for 50/50
vodkas IDEs I don't understand 50 okay
I don't understand okay what am I to
talk to man well maybe you can't haggle
well he wants to give me money how do I
take money up take my try cell cell
skimmer okay cell skimmer I don't
understand cell um try talk to Matt
again see what he says no he's not
interested in talking fine oh no I I
left to go to Long now he wants to leave
oh no I want to sell it I want your buck
azides I don't need this skimmer anymore
or maybe I do
hey wait come back sir sir Sir can I
tell shots bringing up a good point yes
no spoil everything
you slowed the game down for the skimmer
thing you can turn it back to normal
help oh yes thank you thank you chat for
that speed normal okay
yes I thought I was walking abnormally
slow wait I want to sell my skimmer I
don't I don't know okay guess what you
missed your opportunity I think or I can
restore which is what I'm gonna do
all right okay get off skimmer boom I'm
off the skimmer okay here comes the man
he has a cylinder for a head and he
seems to have some pretty cool
sunglasses this is all I'm saying
I'm not saying my sunglasses aren't cool
okay say this is a genuine falton
skimmer
I've been looking for one just like this
would you accept 30 bukka's IDEs just
take yes yes glad we could do business
hope you're staying in Milan's flats is
an interesting one
okay graden look around what's the name
of the tongue gülen's flats change the
order of that flat Siouxland rich
Richard Edlund Evans great flatulence
that's I mean that's adorable
okay great let's um let's look in here
you got to change the speed back to
because you reloaded oh that's right it
does it even okay here we go
doo doo doo doo doo oh man they've got
ZZ Top up in here mm-hmm reference look
around this is a seedy little place
galactic riffraff are seated at the bar
the bartender drops by occasionally to
serve them a band is cranking out some
of the more popular tunes in the
quadrant there is a slot machine
standing near the bar you notice a
sweeper in the lower corner of the room
all right it must get messy here no one
seems to notice or care that you have
entered the bar okay right now you're on
your own Jack figure out what to do it
look at band okay onstage are two
heavily bearded gents and a relatively
clean shaven drummer they're one of the
hottest bands in the quadrant wave
Freebird
slot machine talk now okay oh oh there's
the sweeper robot oh no oh my god I
think a guy just died oh he died at the
slot machine oh oh I get it I know one
I'm gonna go check out the slot machine
oh here we go
oh if you get three let's go on
crossbones mm-hmm f-for bets $1 I tend
to quit f6 bit well I'm gonna bet $2
how long before Jack loses all of his
money I win $6 nice nice
all right I'm gonna bet another $2 oh we
got a knife we got an eye oh sorry
okay bet another $2 oh no skull
crossbones
oh no skull bones oh I'm getting out of
here I'm even right now I'm even okay
okay and it isn't good even's good nope
what did I do f10 f10
oh no this might be an issue what you
can't get out hold on I can't go I can't
get out every time I press f10 because
this is a Mac f10 is usually mapped to
these sound controls
oh and so every time I press f10 it just
mutes the audio to cash-in press f10 and
I press f10 and it just mutes the audio
hold on
I don't have a screen f10 does nothing
huh f10 is doing oh wait
that I click off of it is that are you
in Windows 7 I am in Windows 7 go to all
programs go to the Start menu
okay go into the Start menu all programs
all programs accessories accessories
actually sir I'm looking for
accessibility in the ease of access ease
of active access okay I'm spring
keyboard nice yeah yeah nice now we're
talking on-screen keyboard check oh hey
everybody you get to check out my sweet
onscreen keyboard right here way that I
just lost everything else where'd it go
here it is all right on screen keyboard
hey you know it's not on the on screen
keyboard f10 what yeah it doesn't have
function commands forgive are rich oh
fuck
you were you were way up on that by the
way yeah you were way up on that and you
kind of you kind of failed Jack Jack
on the keyboard yeah there's a thing
under ship that says FN a key a virtual
key sure hit that oh snap
I'm all over everything you are all over
everything
oh the hey the Blues Brothers are there
nice okay talk to bartender the
bartender is only interested in selling
his wares he is of no help otherwise buy
beer drink sure
five right top to bartender I did and he
said he's not interested in talking
oh no no buy drink that does not compute
bye tell me okay we're turning the sound
off hold on
sorry Blues Brothers I find this I find
this I find your sound to be annoying
and I apologize okay
Oh what'll it be III got beer and it's
to bukka's IDEs I tried to buy beer
already a jerk
okay well buy beer where am i why am I
not in here what happened I don't know
I'm Glade I can open what the fuck
indeed rich yeah what is wrong now Jack
who would subscribed Oh
hobo savant her subscribing we really
appreciate it
okay bye beer that'll be two bucks thank
you very much okay great look at beer
this is a vessel of acrid yet buoyant
caronian ale okay drink beer the beer
tastes like carbonated ziffel sweet
what however considering recent events
you could learn to love it okay great
can I get drunk possibly talk to men no
one here seems willing to acknowledge
your presence maybe they're not too fond
of humanoids
okay let's look at this sweeper robot
sure look at sweeper the sweeper is a
small motorized device which scans the
floor for debris and removes it within
moments of detection there is nothing
special about it otherwise all right all
right I don't know what I'm supposed to
do in here well there there there
there's more to this town than just this
bar - oh okay well then let's get out of
here first I gonna go explore dude doo
doo doo doo doo get out of here okay
I'll turn the sound back on now okay
here we go here we go what's over here
spaceship get out of here spaceship get
out of here spaceship look around you
are at the north end of uhlans planets
there is a building to the east okay
let's go east dude all right to do to do
do was to do doo doo doo doo doo I'm a
walk-in
there's a building called droids be us
oh that sounds fascinating yeah welcome
to droids be us the finest Emporium for
mechanized beings in the quadrant we
have a complete line of droids for any
purpose imaginable well almost any all
top of the line but I suppose you would
probably be interested in these sale
items please walk this way most fine no
respect for the space janitor that's
fine listen I'm an honest man I got an
honest job
defending the galaxy okay let's see
what's going on up here that unit is a
good all-around jar droid sure it may
seem a little dinged up but it's not as
bad
as it looks there is still quite a great
little companion and for only 40 bukka's
ODEs 32 with coupon oh okay how many do
you have
I only have 30 bukka's oils okay okay
this model is ideal for flight systems
operations it will pilot any modern
fighter or Cruiser and it is one of the
most experienced droids we carry I asked
for only 45 bukka's IDEs or 36 with a
coupon I got it from some gambling type
who was required to pay up or perish oh
okay so I need more bukka's IDEs
this is good yes this is good we got an
all-purpose droid in a flight droid so
I'm assuming I'll need that flight droid
perhaps yeah ok ok I'm back downstairs
by the high end ones that one's a
collector items is one of the very first
droids ever built someday that rare
piece is going to bring a small fortune
at auction it's not for sale ok that's
no problem
what's over here well it's this guy we
call that one the peacemaker it's used
primarily in security it's a crime in a
crime situation it is capable of
apprehending trying a sentencing and
punishing the offender on spot swift and
effective only 368 bukka's heights oh ok
fine see ya let's see what this guy is
that compact unit is often used for
mining it is short and stocky and quite
strong for it sized it is designed to
work in areas which may be hazardous to
non mechanized beings 325 buck avoids 4
years of service ok yeah we need the
chief models cuz obviously Jack what
just cuz I haven't heard you do this in
a while yeah what is the number one rule
of adventure gaming you're right we
should save the game that is the number
one rule 22 Space Quest 22 great alright
we have now saved
gambling we looked around a bar we
looked around droids bs now we're gonna
see what else is in the town okay you
are standing against the protective
barrier in circle yes okay today we're
playing the text adventure games
oh I'm not able to pass okay great great
J hey J do you want to Skype
do you wanna Skype so you and rich can
have a conversation while I play
adventure games because then you can
talk to people instead of type at them
it might be slightly easier for you what
let rich know in the chat I have closed
my chat so people won't give me spoilers
you spoiling sons of bitches always
spoiling my adventure game oh I found a
spaceship look around
I don't know that J is gonna Skype in
because he just said it's halftime
what what's in what sport is Monday what
sports
there's Monday Night Football now yes
wonders never cease look at Ship and J I
did not tell them to ask you that what
are they on I don't know yeah they know
something's going on tomorrow because I
get a text from you they want to know
what it is now then now they are trying
to trick you
oh no don't fall for a J oh is he gonna
Skype in does he need my skype name i I
daughter I'm guessing Jays gone when
halftime is over oh sure okay this is
actually not a bad looking ship it
appears to be a drill drill Leone rally
on a model Cruiser they have a
reputation for quickness and reliability
can I get in the ship oh I don't know in
ship you can't board it because you
don't own it thank you game thief Jack
well you know I don't know if maybe I
own it maybe it's uh someone will let me
borrow it oh here we go Tiny's used
space crafts there you go
howdy bucko can I interest you in one of
the finest little used space ships in
the galaxy you look like a man of
discerning taste oh I should do a voice
form you'll look like a man of disorder
diced what do you do a lot of consulting
tests no we don't like that he's gotta
be used car salesman like a Texas boy oh
this is quite a unique little unit never
been flown over Mach 4e it was owned by
a little old lady from gal Strom if you
have to fly it or you have to fly it to
believe it and she can be yours for only
99 bucks odes
okay lost budget model I like that I
like the budget model look at this good
oh don't let appearances fool you this
baby may be a relic I mean I mean a
classic but she's as dependable as the
day we got her and just think you'll be
the only one in the crotch quadrant with
one huh guarantee it
she's a beaut isn't she this little baby
can do a spin around the planet in just
under an hour look at the lines on that
bodywork they just don't make them like
they make this one anymore you know what
I mean and she's a real bargain at 185
buzzards okay so I need some bukka's oh
it is the more on this door yeah I think
so I think that's what you need
yeah talk one sing turn turn sound back
on sound is back on okay there's just no
um yeah sound is back on there's just no
sounds Oh remember these games they
don't got much to them people
you can see actually in the top right oh
yeah it sounded us yeah okay I have to
go back to the bar I need to earn some
money how can I earn money so go is
there anything on the other side of the
bar I was sure I guess maybe on the
right side of the bar and I don't
remember if you can go down from that
screen either
I don't think so cuz I think these
fences will stop me yeah okay I can't go
down from that screen those fences stop
the predators from getting in and me
from goose down oh here we go what is
that look around this is the back of the
bar at the southeast end of Uhlans flats
look at writing no rafidhi graffiti ruff
Phoebe it's bug graffiti g ra yes no i t
fi t ayat yeah graffiti no it doesn't
understand graffiti alright oh wait
here's a bunch of dust okay here we go
what's this look at pile there is a
strange pile a very fine white powder
here it's origin puzzles you it has a
strange burnt smell to it if the origin
that's the guy pick up pile our search
pile I want to search through the pile
that might work
search pile that does not compute
okay pick up pile the extremely fine
dust seeps between your fingers there is
no need for it anyway especially
considering its origin well shit
okay look at hole are you sure you want
to look at that yes
say what listen you can't ask me a
question and then be confused when I
answer that question can I go up in
there no you know there's like a vent or
something here maybe it'll look good no
that's fine that's fine thing to check
out you're you're getting into the
spirit of the adventure game P in your
sight now what do you mean it's right
there
well this dust has got to be something
right oh wait let's look at my inventory
gadget glass plant survival kit ooh can
I um can I put dust in kit that does not
compute no okay all right I got to go
back in the bar we got to make us some
bukka's eyes rich all right all right it
did it did dant dant dant dant dant dant
bump bump bump bump bump bump bump bump
I'm gonna have to turn off the sound
again or else we're gonna hear that off
on you well then I guess like if it's
but if it's good for you guys the
question is for the chat is is the music
unbearably loud oh I'll tell you what
they say in a sermon okay I still think
I think the sound is off what is it what
does f10 do I'm the man act again the
sound but I can hear it and the sound is
on but you can hear it okay cuz there
there is sound coming out of it right
now they should hear it
alright alright
they can hear some people saying it's
loud people saying it's quiet but oh
well okay I think I know what I have to
do here okay maybe I don't
uh-huh so this is the second time I've
come in here and there was a guy at the
there's a guy at the machine and he got
burnt up alright so I probably have to
either get to his ashes before the
sweeper does or get to him before he
gets burned out that's my that's my
assumption so I'm leaving the bar okay
and I'm going back in okay there's
another guy there okay okay
gonna walk over to him oh yeah but he
just got vaporized
I'll there's nothing here that huh or
maybe I have to do something with a
robot well I don't notice out oh okay
and look at robot I don't want to word
this I need to mess around with that
robot I honestly don't remember a lot of
solutions here okay no and that's okay
I'm gonna I have look at robot the
pre-typed it so now I'm gonna leave
again we're gonna leave again exciting
okay and we're going back a and there's
another guy there don't they see all the
guys dying they don't care these are
tough space hombres yeah you're right
people die in here all the time
oh no he's still alive man no one seems
to be willing to acknowledge your
presence okay here we go okay I can stop
the robot if I go right here ah robot I
stopped you look at robot this sweeper
is a small motorized device which scans
the floor and DeVries friend removes it
from women moments of detected there's
nothing special about it otherwise I'll
are you sure you want to look at that
Vittoria it's a it's it's a shame I've
played all these old senior games it'd
be great if I could like figure this out
with you that's the thing we need to
find a game like this that you haven't
played reddit right and then you could
help me figure it out but you kinda you
probably know the answer this yes or no
yes yes and no okay
use Army knife that does not compute io
why can't I pick up the pile
how about open robot nope pick robot
it's not advisable trying anything
aggressive here since you are
outnumbered okay okay yeah Oh in the bar
about how about this search of robots no
that does not compute
it's gotta have something to do with
this robot
I don't recall what's in your inventory
cartridge keycard Bukka Zoids Army knife
gadget glass plants and a survival kit
mmm
it helps if I pause it cuz then it turns
off that's stupid music mmm we do here
and now they wanted muted yes yes hold
on I will do that immediately you know
what should have done that earlier
here's what we'll do guys here is what
we'll do
I'm gonna turn on some classical music
but what everyone's saying to leave and
come back when the Blues Brothers are
playing so they like that music yeah
I have I've just turned down some
classical music to have on in the
background now here we go
so now we have you know this is rich
this is thinking music oh okay
III so here I have as you can see him
I've stopped the robot from sweeping up
the ashes I've gotten in his way
and you're thinking you can do something
with the robot maybe or may you know
what maybe what I need to do is now go
to where the robot was maybe like the
robot blocks a path over here or
something not nothing not remembering
maybe maybe maybe you could do something
when the ashes come out the back oh sure
maybe I don't remember maybe okay well
let's go back and see if anything
happens
all right beginning our slow walk out
back you could knock the speed up if you
want well that's right these games asked
jewel whoa power walking yeah
try fastest I don't know if I can handle
that can't no trap nope I just did it it
freaks me out look at pile drains pile
here burnt smell yeah yeah all that is
the same ok well ok so now let's try
this little this little power rock is
great oh my god The Blues Brothers are
dancing ok ok guy just got vaporized now
I'm gonna head out back
see if I can catch the pile being made
probably not probably not know there's
just a pile there ok it was a thought
and it was a good thought so the
question is do I have to gamble you know
director gamble is it is this like a
random thing you might as well so
anything else you could do with the
bartender what was he what was he
selling was he wasn't just beer yeah he
only sells beer and no one wants to talk
you know let's try this let's try get on
stage say what no ok you can't do that
maybe I could perform what I was
thinking like I could do a dance for
everyone talk to bar tender the chat
will not shut up about don't shit your
pants uh-huh
we're not playing that right now not
right now no everyone keeps insisting
it's not a screamer though
yeah yeah sure by the way we believe you
trusted sources are saying that I'm yeah
it could be like it's enough people are
saying it I'm willing to buy it
ok everyone's saying it's a text
adventure ok well you know we'll do it
you know what we'll do it
because why not okay hold on for a
second are you good you can shut up
about it now yeah we'll do it can you
can you save in this this menu here for
the function ID right now I have to get
out of here again
indeed who just subscribed rich um a lot
no and I by the way I won't hold on
ai urs is AE look you pronounced yeah
you're saying rage 2 K thank you for
subscribing with your weird-ass
unpronounceable name yeah your rage okay
thank you for subscribing perfect
oh wait where did my keyboard go reach
how do I get back to my keyboard go back
to the menu all programs all programs
accessories no eases access that was it
thank you on screen keyboard the bottom
keyboard on the taskbar yeah right click
on it pin this program to test bar nice
and you can unpin when you're done with
this game
great okay
so first what we're gonna do here is we
are going to function f10 out of here
and save because it has been a while
since we have saved
23 great okay so now we are gonna gamble
I'm gonna bet $3 come on bet $3 did I
die f8 oh okay I need to use this
keyboard apparently okay after function
I bet $3 chery chery yeah we won nine
dollars gracefully can you you sure you
can't save from here I might be able to
oh I just won $15 is there a quick safe
that you can hit oh I can say that's the
same way of doing this okay I just won
$50 so you want me to save again oh yeah
whatever you won big
okay I just won big so yeah yeah okay
great let's go again eyeball cherry oh
it's hopeless
is what it's then cherry death okay I
won $3 that's not bad
Jerry Jerry Jerry yes I have $55 super
sweet save 24
okay here we go
and function f8 whoo diamond diamond
cherry suck methane come on I think I
want those diamonds not a chance
come on come on come on Oh skull oh and
I died but that's okay because I say it
luck Stern has cost you dearly as life
seeps away you long for the simpler days
aboard the Arcadia thank you for playing
space quest
ha ha ha ha restore 24 all right back to
$55 I say I tell you my saving Jack yeah
what I'd return you win yeah and I did
by the way okay
you said back to 55 where will you add
total win at your best
5500 yeah it's fine yeah okay von
eyeball sit that I bow I want $30 i
sweet $79 I'm gonna save again save 25
or 25 is all right all right feels like
cheating doesn't it I mean I'm sure it
is cheating but you know whatever
cherry skull skull okay that doesn't do
as much good I'm into cherry cherry oh
come on come on diamond skull no no no
come on skull diamond no okay we're not
doing good here rich dudes all right
that's all right
I guess this is just part of the game
though Ryan we need that money
oh oh no it's hopeless also rich make
sure you check the chat to see if like
my my classical music levels are okay it
should be quieter than everything else
but if it's too loud let me know
quiet for a second
sounds okay okay great I'm just gambling
then I've lost so much here that I'm
gonna I'm just gonna restore and go back
to my like $77
I've just been gambling this whole time
oh wait eyeballs nope not a chance I'm
gonna I'm gonna do that I'm gonna
restore back to when I shared money sure
the same as winning seven is the quick
restore I believe oh okay five and then
you'll have to go type everything in at
five an f7 okay great
luzhin there has to be more to it than
this you know
like ooh oh come on diamonds I need some
big money here
diamond diamond eyeball oh not eyeball
anything but eyeball all right let me
make sure we didn't miss something here
of it oh oh I won big again I have
eighty eight space book so I can buy a
droid if I want but I think I want a
spaceship I think I need enough money
for both right all right I'm looking off
something right now okay
because there are there are there are
miscible things in this game sadly so
I'm just gonna make sure oh we've
already learned that there are miscible
things yeah
diamond diamond cherry oh all right yeah
are you looking up a walkthrough we
missed something
okay do it like is it something I need
to go back at to a save state for or
like yeah
oh no what did we miss oh one you sold
your skimmer yeah you have to turn down
the first offer oh my god yep we have to
go back that far we have to go well I
mean other than a little bit of gambling
you just explored and you already know
where everything is so by the way that
bad didn't I try to haggle I'm putting
that one I made all right hosting haggle
I guess you should've just said no oh
now we need to remember which save state
it was I think it was 21 I think so
well let's see if this is right yep all
right
get off scammer
Rich's big dumb dumb head rich you big
dumb dumb and by the way we're gonna
give you an official next prereq up so
it updated yeah I'm now officially four
sixths of the way done okay and I'm
really excited about that out of there
you learned from Frog fractions jack
yeah I could have said two thirds I
could have but there are six segments
and four of them are 100% edited like
all the graphics and all the everything
so that's really exciting so Jason's I'm
not paying attention for a few minutes I
come back and Jack is still fucking
around in this bar yeah I know Jake I'm
sorry I know okay wait
Jamie's these games are slower paced so
you end up fucking around in areas for a
while
mmm tried to figure out what you have to
do and we're trying to figure it out
without the oh I just said no when he
walked away rich well maybe he'll come
back go go to a different screen and
then come back sure okay that would be
what I would think okay great yeah I saw
I said no and he's like fine be that way
jerk and I was like yeah yeah
the one the one thing I hate about some
of the earlier Sierra games are miscible
items you have no oh that's okay okay
let's see here the bartender drops by
occasionally I serve them a band is
cranking out some sweet popular tunes
it's mess in here great and you and you
hence turn the speed back up this I've
turned the speed oh wait I have to ask
let's turn the sound off again quickly
oh no actually the speed was on fast so
it's okay we're back to exactly where we
were at the start of the stream hooray
who cares if that was an hour of wasted
time alright alright I left the bar I'm
gonna go see if I can find that dude
well you know you know you know that you
don't need to fuck around with the robot
quite as much yeah we already explored
the town so you know could've been worse
oh yeah yeah it's none this is the thing
we know a lot more now like we know we
need bukka's OIG's for the droids right
now we need bucks for the spaceship I
just want to know when this guy is
coming back oh oh there he comes
hold on okay this is my final offer and
I'm only doing it because you look like
you need it pretty bad I'll give you 30
bucks and I'll throw in this swell
jetpack I only used it works works great
in zero gravity you'll love it is it a
deal yes or no yes alright boom now we
have a jetpack
