More Spelunky - Hack and a Half
November 30, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rc5SJlAu8qU

it's quite possible that right at this
very moment we are streaming but as
always we like to wait until it actually
starts streaming before we say anything
to the contrary there are things to talk
about for sure oh Lord
there you know what there's everything
to talk about loading video over there
we go you know what there we go
oh my god right or was that that was a
ace a can of pop oh great I ever oh good
they can they can see us they can't see
us you're right and by the way you're
right we should we should absolutely
send out our inaugural tweet there are
some things we need to discuss and there
are some things we need to discuss but
first and foremost can everyone hear me
can everyone hear the game music can
everyone hear rich is my audio quiet is
my audio loud all the normal thing let's
wrap all that crap all that Craig yeah
so yeah rich you check to see if if they
can hear us all while I do our weekly
tweets rich sounds computery but I don't
think that's anything we can do anything
about I think that's a skype issue great
yeah yeah a little is it yeah a little
computer we should note I I've upped
through through some some strong-arm
tactics with my internet service
provider I have upped both my download
and upload speed which is something I'm
very excited about
so overall things should be smoother on
my end today I think I might need the
Internet if I'm going to stream I really
think you might Oh
I checked I checked my bitrate and it
was something like 0.48 she's really
it's really low for uploading Jesus
Christ hey machine gun
heavy thanks for subscribing we very
much appreciate it yes we will have to
we will have to get you better internet
but everyone everyone can hear us
despite the fact that I some digitally
so me and Jack have been talking about
having some more formal rules for the
the beach at right yeah you know for
like I guess to lead into it the the
Wednesday stream was really fun oh hold
on I'm finally getting this stream over
on my own now okay great okay so I have
to meet those ideas okay great the
Wednesday stream was really really fun
but we definitely noticed that the chat
got a little rowdy and especially near
the end there was a lot of
back-and-forth with the chat and with
the moderators and so yeah I guess it
had been a while since like we had laid
down official like rules or like general
like everyone be excellent to each other
kind of rules and so why don't we go
ahead and do that now rich you know it's
not gonna be like a totalitarian
government I mean it's pretty simple
AAB no no homophobia huh right no racism
it's pretty easy yeah it's pretty easy
um no racism right before we stream I
mean we're having a discussion like I
mean there are things we say hmmm and
I'm personally I don't know how I feel
about getting a rules against saying
things that we might say ourselves I
don't know about that
yeah I know we're talking about the word
retard right
right and a lot of people find the use
of that word offensive and yeah I know
but I also noticed that this is
something that I say occasionally
absolutely
absolutely and you know what describes
something is being retarded I do that I
have been guilty of doing the exact same
thing
I have also oh actually someone really
cooked what about ironic racism and
ironic homophobia if you use you know
what words were talking about if you use
those words you will get banned irony or
not the context is hard to pick out in
text yes you know and so just just avoid
it just avoid it yeah and someone is
saying no sexism as well please that'd
be great that would be great don't well
ends and this goes along with the whole
thing which is to me it's all about
don't
slur a group of people which is why you
know like I've seen in the chat there's
a little debate about the word retard
and all of our other rules are basically
just saying don't slur a group of people
for comedy sake or for not comedy sake
right and so for me and I know like like
you just said like for you I've used
that word and it is a word that I'm
trying not to use in general because I
know it's offensive to people and I know
it makes people feel bad so I am
actually trying not to use it it's it's
ingrained in me and like I I say things
you know but and so for me it's
understandable like if our mods want to
want to crack down on someone who's
using retard a lot I think it's okay
rich is is thinks like I think it's okay
for mods to crack down and rich thinks
that it's okay for people to say that
because it's something that we say right
yeah yeah and so it's it's just one of
those things where take note of what
you're saying and I like I think like
I'm gonna kind of trust in oxygen and
John kylo to to kind of look into that a
little bit more and if someone says it
specifically to someone else then then
yeah you know go ahead ban him
right definitely definitely if you're
calling somebody retarded yes yeah it's
just you know it's it is a tough
situation about like drawing the line
somewhere right because the things that
are offensive to some people are not
offensive to us and and vice versa and
so we're just trying to make sure that
the chat is a cool place because we like
chatting with you guys and our
moderators are there to help filter your
chat so we get some good questions so we
get some good interaction and so John
kilo and octave J are doing a good job
of that and so let's just be respectful
of the job they're doing in keeping this
entertaining another thing that I'm
gonna say is a no-no yeah is spam spam
if you're yeah basically if you're
asking the same question over and over
again I don't know to some degree you
want to make sure you your your chat has
been seen your your your comment has
been seen your question is out there but
if you do that for like an hour on end
stop doing it a lot of times we a lot of
times we don't answer those questions
because we don't have an interesting
answer right and like if you're gonna if
you're gonna ask me what I what I think
about the TV series Fawlty Towers and
you're gonna keep asking me all night I
might not be answering that question
because I haven't seen the show yeah and
you know we're trying to keep our
conversation going we're trying to keep
the questions interesting so yeah you
know no spam if you racism if you go
like oh yeah if you go like compass x
times if you like say five times if you
type the same thing five times we've
probably seen it and are choosing to
ignore it wait an hour try again yes
but that being said like you know again
octo J and John kylo are doing us a
favor by moderating you guys and so you
know just try to be cool to everyone
about everything and listen to them
because they are helping us out a great
deal another thing that I saw after we
went out of subscriber only mode on
Wednesday was a lot of people
complaining about subscriber only mode
and we need that because the chapters
like to click the chats going like too
quick for us to read it and and interact
with you guys there's no point in having
the chat at all
subscriber only mode helps us it doesn't
it's it's only done when the stream is
really getting crazy it's only you know
like subscriber the subscriber perks
what the fuck in deed Frederator thank
you for subscribing we very much
appreciate it speaking of subscribers
you know what I'm looking at is the main
point of subscription is supporting us
there's not a ton of like physical
benefits you know you get the emoticons
we get supported which we very much
appreciate which means we can keep
creating more and so we want to make
sure that subscribers do get a perk so
when the chat goes nuts it's gonna go
and subscribe or only mode again I trust
our moderators to you know put that in
subscriber mode and take it out but when
necessary this is a thing this is a
thing so what what what is the the final
verdict gonna be an end on return this
is the one thing we should write right I
don't know I you know like I said I I
really was thinking that you and I would
be in agreement on this and so I you
know it's one of those things where we
agree on almost everything about this
about telling other people they can't
hmm
but that's not to say somebody in the
chat like abuse that and be a jerk about
it
call somebody retard whatever right
right that's the thing I I would I would
like for people not to use that word
rich is okay with it and so because we
can't come to a consensus it's it's
going to have to kind of be okay I guess
but here's the here's the role of that
rich and I can't agree on do not call
another person a retard yeah and you
know about that just because just
because we've kind of talked about it
now don't go overboard now yeah if
you're gonna if you're gonna repeat it
yeah for the sake of repeating it
because we've kind of been lenient on
that one right yeah or or like Don
Gately says just call someone stupid
that's yeah you know it's it's tough
it's it's a really tough call and
obviously it's so tough that rich and I
can't come to a consensus and so we're
gonna just ask everyone to be cool with
each other which I know is a really hard
thing
the only real rule should be don't be a
jerk that simple right don't be a jerk
wouldn't it be wouldn't wouldn't that be
great if just everyone was not a jerk oh
well so yeah I guess I guess that's
where we're gonna leave it which which
might not be might not be like a great
place to leave it cuz we're kind of
indecisive on it but you know well very
decisive on a few things
we're very decisive on a few things what
is this I mean I I have been reading
your chat while we are talking about
this and yes I see you guys
and go crazy oh now we're in slow mode
this is great that's good let's go yeah
because then we can actually read what
you're saying yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
let's see here
don't be a dick even if it's your
birthday there you go I'm gonna you know
what I'm gonna get started playing
that's what I'm that's what I'm really
gonna do here what what are you playing
I am starting off with a little spelunky
I had so much fun playing spelunky last
week that I wanted to do it again and so
I plan on it and I'm just gonna start
with smokey I'm just gonna try to get to
I'm just gonna try to get to Olmec I
didn't do that I didn't do that last
week and so that's gonna be my goal this
week so oh yeah and twitch plays Pokemon
subscribers should be exempt from slo-mo
and I believe I have that checked so if
you are a subscriber you should be
exempt from slow mode if not octo J make
that happen again
just a small perk of being a subscriber
you get exempt from some of this stuff
did you pick this up here rich yeah I
haven't played it washout but I did pick
it up I came up there's a longer story
tab which I guess it's I guess you'd
start with the new PC which for anyone
wondering about the new PC I have boxes
sitting in my office at this exact
moment at um we don't have all of them
yet no we are missing a couple of key
components here what are we missing
we're only missing one thing I want to
say we're missing the motherboard
so the motherboard I believe so I can't
even go now then right yeah right where
where the see this is where this is
where I'm going to start going into
spooky because I did mention that
earlier yeah okay god there is one of
our component missing
oh no what's then um I broke down on
Black Friday yeah
there was a deal on new egg uh-huh I
splurged and bought myself out of my own
pocket salt would stay dry
oh my god rich yes and that is on the
way that should be in Tuesday I think
it's the each day for delivery Oh My
lordy that's so exciting
hey also wait we had a I we had to want
the fuck come on you were talking l
Hawkeye thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciate it so much so that
just because he's subscribed and also on
Zack Peterson because you to subscribe
to rich bought a solid state hard drive
Oh
120 gigabytes Samsung Evo which I guess
is the the mid-tier Samsung solid-state
drive i I paid $59.99 for whoo that's
hot yep yeah it was a good a price I I
wanted one and I bought it and steam
sales are going on so I I I know I'm
getting a new computer and even though I
know the games on the ps3 I bought the
Arkham games cuz they're on sale five
five dollars each
because I I want to use that fancy
physics they have a PC version so I Irie
bought the Arkham games and I bought
some lucky hard drive and then another
$25 but but the problem with that is I
now have to make $5 last me a week
well I mean worth it right yeah it's
worth it unless you like eating yes
I'm wondering how long I can make my
package of hot dogs last right dogs
macaroni and milk I've got oh well I you
know who I'm sure is very excited about
this is the chat going going full solid
state has got to be putting them in a
tizzy
so congratulations rich you have forced
people to go into a tizzy I mean it's
not not like you don't do that every day
no matter what but I I splurged I did I
really do that
yeah I got yeah I gotta get this it's
the good price is too good I don't have
a great computer except for the hard
drive yes so I did it and now I'm like
oh god I can't believe I did it
what's what's done is done
congratulations rich I hope you and
yourselves that hard drive are happy
together
I hope oh I'll put it in and I'll be
like oh that's that's all the
performances oh that's not true yeah all
you're gonna be talking about is how
great your games load you don't
understand before it took me like like
45 seconds now they're loading in 10 or
15 seconds it's amazing it's like people
don't people always mention like the
times really good yeah I like a pure on
do you yeah oh why why not I don't know
power consumption over here I know I
don't think it consumes that much power
and I have never had a computer overheat
just cuz I left it on sure I don't know
like well and when you turn it off
doesn't the on and I'm about to either
sound really smart or make a horrible
mistake turning off your computer
doesn't that reset some RAM for better
performance ah is a thing that I heard
once and I believed it to be true I
guess it might not be but well I I don't
recall ever noticing something like that
happening but I blame or whatever I like
I mean when I got it when I go to sleep
I usually leave like a playboy sock
iTunes or LC oh do you yeah yeah all the
time
all the time I leave with white noise oh
okay a lot yeah well I think we all just
learned a little something about rich
Evans right now
people are very interested in your
sleeping habits I'm sure they're you
know people are interested in everything
we do it's true it's true
have you seen rich apparently there's
this movie coming out and it just
released a trailer recently have you is
that a Titanic - is that finally coming
out yeah yeah Titanic - just released a
it's more of a teaser trailer because it
doesn't come out for a while yeah yeah
people seem to be really excited about
it now did you see force awakens
Farrelly yeah yeah why why is everybody
bitching about it so much are they
bitching about it a lot of people are
really cuz oh I know I'm a dummy I had
somebody in steam you know they were
they weren't big a jerk or anything but
they they basically want to be to
validate their opinions like it's
terrible it's horrible please validate
my opinion rich Evans really yeah yeah
we had a perfectly polite conversation
about oh sure
people there are people out there who
aren't happy about that trailer really
yeah I think they're nuts I thought it
was really cool here's my official
opinion about the trailer okay go ahead
it confirms everything we already know
yes we know that we've already seen
pictures of like sets and things so we
know they're going for a very original
trilogy vibe you know we've seen JJ
Abrams direct science fiction film
before so we know how it's going to look
yep and we still don't know much about
the plot yeah basically we we know
everything we knew before there was a
teaser trailer yeah we knew we knew the
Falcon was gonna be in it we knew there
are gonna be eggs wings yeah they look
great you you could kind of just assume
that somebody was going to have a
lightsaber
I don't know about that who's got a
lighter they're unhappy with the class
card yeah yeah I guess I could see that
it is kind of laying button you know
whatever they're doing what it makes
mice it's not as as weird as like
double-edged saber or anything that's
well that was see that was also lame in
my book so yeah oh yeah the double saber
very lame yeah
the cross guard kind of makes sense how
many hands get chopped off in Star Wars
one to be precise we never see Anakin
losing hand you just working on not in
any Star Wars movie are you kidding do
you see what I'm doing here okay I mean
I get it I'm insinuating that there are
certain movies with Star Wars in the
title that are elaborate fan fictions
and not actual movies I just the way the
way you were phrasing that just made me
sound stupid which I don't think was
what you were going for no no I was but
I but I agree with that
oh yeah see look at there I'm thinking
I'm stupid too is there the prequels are
not Star Wars movies they are elaborate
fan fiction and and some people and I'm
assuming these are prequel fans were
complaining that the stormtrooper guy
was not a Jango clone and you know my
opinion on that big fucking christ
yes what what the purpose of that
trailer was to say this movie will not
be anything like the prequels yeah
absolutely by the way it's it's like the
first goddamn shot in the trailer is
letting you know that these won't be
clone troopers these are stormtroopers
and they're just normal dudes yep my
sister preferred being yes they so the
first thing they did shit all over the
clone troopers
and everything anything else is like
here x-wings
like x-wings here Tie Fighters you like
Tie Fighters
there's the Millennium fucking Falcon
everything was saying this is gonna be
more like the original trilogy than the
prequels were that was the only purpose
of that trailer mm-hmm and I'm fine with
that that's what I want yeah when I go
to see the Star Wars movie I want to see
x-wings TIE fighters oh shit wrong
button
yeah know it you know what it's it looks
it looks very JJ Abrams by the way which
is fine which is fine you know the only
the only issue with this is Trek movies
were the the scripts yeah and and Loras
lawrence kasdan is writing this one
right oh I have no idea I don't know
names I think so I believe the guy wrote
a part okay yeah that could be I don't
know names no you know the and even Star
Trek everyone I I assume is in agreement
that Star Trek the Star Trek is a
competent fine movie it's just not a
Star Trek movie you know but it's a fun
space adventure movie everyone agree
here it was the Star Wars movie ya know
so now he's gonna make a Star Wars movie
and it's gonna you know what it's gonna
be it's gonna be fine the movie is going
to be fine I don't know that I'm you
know I I'm not saying I think it's gonna
be great based on that trailer I'm just
saying I didn't see anything in that
trailer that would make me like be
unhappy what right oh yeah no and by the
way sir campy welcome sir gimpy our one
and only mod which is something I say
because he was our first mod is asking
us if you if we've seen every single
person and their mother has tweeted at
me and had red letter media the the
George Lucas version of the teaser
trailer have you seen that rich it made
me smile yes it was very funny it is
very funny and yeah that's its Ritz
that was a nice gag
um well someone else did a spoof of the
trailer right oh you fuck everything not
doing not killing it rich that's that's
fun and one one one other thing I want
to say about that you know the cross
neighbor that everybody hates yeah I'm
okay with I don't you know love it he's
cool because let's go to girl Faber
you know I'm it just doesn't bother me
yeah well one thing I I noticed about
this and I kind of like is design-wise
it looks very much like a like a
medieval kind of long sword less you
know less like a katana sure and more
like just a slow piece of medieval
weaponry that gives me hope that the
fighting style in these movies will be
more loved like actual sword fights and
less like crack bellies you know what
that is a really good point so when I
saw that I was actually happy happy for
that reason oh that looks like a long
sword we're probably gonna have actual
sword fights in the movie yeah that is a
really good point
vanna kill a giant spider here yeah
that's really great yeah that's a that's
a fantastic point you know it's just one
of those things where and I saw someone
in the chat say that it looks a little
fan art ish
yeah but any Star Wars artist because
you know the already been made and they
thank you
oh they're slightly it's gonna look like
somebody's fan art yeah oh yeah and by
the way it is just fan art like JJ
Abrams is a Star Wars fan Wow
you know there's no there's no helping
that even if even George Lucas it was
fan art like he was just making a movie
based on other movies that he made not
off of any personal goal the oh that man
that was the other spoof that I saw
someone someone did a lovely like
different things that could come out of
lightsabers and it was like a Swiss Army
knife
coming out of the blade and and other
fun like gup-d woods and swirly mob ops
and I thought that was really funny but
in any case yeah yeah you know it's
gonna be it's gonna be fine everybody
Star Wars is gonna be fine
the chat is full of it so I can I'm not
gonna bother to scroll up and read the
comment was it as some of your talking
about learning not to buy into hype and
I'm not I'm not buying into the hype I'm
just saying what we've seen hasn't
looked terrible which is which is
different then oh my god I gotta see it
now I mean my my excitement for this new
movie is still I'll go see it no I'm not
I'm not super ultra hyped up for a new
Star Wars movie yeah yeah it's fine
looks okay so far that's that's where
I'm at
yes my my level of excitement is exactly
where it was which is I'm probably going
to see this movie and it will probably
be okay which by the way is the absolute
truth like this movie is going to be I
I throw this guy into the world
it's my question how do I throw things
again and that's you know that's that's
a far cry from Revenge of the Sith
because Mike and Jay actually had to
drag me nearly kicking and screaming see
we vacuumed the city they came over and
they were like wow we got to see Revenge
of the Sith and I was like no I'm not
going so they basically dragged me to
see that movie kicking and screaming
sure that's really funny whose skeleton
how do you feel about the Jurassic world
trailers um I am calling it it's the
thing that's gonna kill Chris Pratt's
career I don't know kill ya he'll be
okay when guardians 2 comes out sure I
don't the I finally saw it yeah and the
only thing I could think of was these
can't be the final line readings in the
movie like Chris Pratt I think is a good
actor and has done good in this role
that he is playing like this is the role
that he plays you know kind of the cocky
badass right with the sense of humor
yeah yeah and every single line reading
of his from the trailer was the flattest
thing I've ever heard it's just like oh
okay I guess he's done now I guess he's
done being being this generations
Harrison Ford and that's that's fine I
you know I didn't care about this movie
in the first place but I wanted to throw
up the minute I heard hybrid dinosaur
yeah yeah it's a little it's a little
karna sore and and you know what made me
want to throw up i I don't know if this
was faked but I saw it like somebody
posted like a tweet from somebody
involved in that movie that the reason
it's a hot there's a hybrid dinosaur in
Jurassic world is because they they want
exclusive rights
toy coz anybody could make a
Tyrannosaurus Rex toy especially hybrid
dinosaur only only they can make the toy
for the hybrid Tiran ago he drew down
sure that would make sense it made sense
but it made me sick to my stomach
ya know it um you know the question is
like what would a uh like what would a
Jurassic Park movie be like without all
of the Wonder and adventure Jurassic
world like a Jurassic Park sequel yeah
cuz we've already seen it yeah like
Spielberg does wonder and amazement
better than anyone and that's what
Jurassic Park is it's Wonder and it's
amazement mixed with some intensity and
and man this is gonna fail I mean it's
probably gonna do very well I say fail
as in I think it's gonna be a bad movie
but of course it's gonna do well because
it's a sequel and people for some reason
love fucking sequels to the first not
enough I'm pronouncing this name right
Don Gately is saying why why are they
why are they calling a Jurassic world
they're calling it Jurassic world to
make it sound like it's something fresh
because because the last two sequels
weren't that well-received
yeah so they called it Jurassic Park for
nobody would give a shit but if they
call a Jurassic world I don't know it
sounds like a reboot ish and that's why
yeah another two sequels and they were
could've bad and nobody cared about him
but they call this one world and now
people care for some reason no I it's
it's that I you know I was not I was I
wasn't like I wasn't avoiding the
Jurassic world trailer but I was not
seeking it out and over the weekend I
was hanging out with some people and I'd
saw the Star Wars trailer and I was
showing that to them and they're like Oh
have you seen the Jurassic Park trailer
no and we watched it and it's just like
really this is this is it and this is
what we got going on that's fine you
know I I feel bad for Chris Pratt is
it's my take away from Jurassic world
hey he's hot enough right now that he'll
be fine yeah you think oh but you can
bounce back as long as it's next two
movies are crap
jerem he can bounce back all right all
right that's fair Jurassic world would
have to be like a bomb on the level of
like Howard the doctor Ishtar sure
before his career is killed yeah cuz
it's so it's it's still there money Jack
I know and that upsets me they know what
they're doing in marketing yeah not
necessarily in filmmaking but in
marketing then they've got this shit
down
oh you're Ryan
you're right you're right and when
you're right you're right I knew you're
always right I'm right I'm right
frequently Chris Pratt is hot your
rights in center man I didn't like the
trailer because it wasn't 2d pixel art
side scroller you're absolutely right
this is not Pixar by the way this game
is not big for its cartoon why not well
no you know it's yeah I don't know you
can't you can't win jack oh oh rich I
gave up trying to win a long time ago
come on come on get out of here again
that winning jibber-jabber this is the
internet no one wins
yeah Skellington yeah
I I guess to kind of wrap up trailer
talk the I was slightly hyped my hype
level for my hype level for episode 7 is
raised slightly because of the trailer I
I am now mildly I now have expectations
is what I will say before you know the
movie could suck it could it could be
great and it wouldn't faze me either way
I now have expectations that I think the
movie is going to be good see all we got
the trailer was the look and styles yeah
and it's exactly what I thought it would
be so it changes nothing for me hi
alright well there you go so so far that
movie is looking exactly how I thought
it would look which isn't a bad thing
the question is story story and
characters after the prequels god I want
I want characters of the Star Wars movie
so bad oh wouldn't it be great human
beings with emotions and motivations
wouldn't that just be the best thing to
have in a Star Wars movie wait Rachel
someone is asking a mildly important
question in the chat oh shit oh shit
Oh which and I think it's a snarky
question but I would like to address it
and the snarky question is Dec enriched
what will you do if Jurassic world is
actually a great movie I'll enjoy it
first of all you nailed it rich this is
this is my impression based on the
trailer yeah that's what we're talking
about I'm talking about the movie itself
we haven't seen it obviously so yeah no
he's good I will enjoy it yeah that's
what you do with good movies is you say
wow this is really good
but you know we've seen the trailer and
the trailer looks really bad no no no oh
yeah exactly that's the thing where it's
like then they did a bad job selling
their movie yeah but if Jurassic world
is like the greatest thing since
Jurassic Park you know what I will
really enjoy that because I really
enjoyed dressing part um you know don't
don't confuse cynicism with stubbornness
you know like my mind has been changed
on things that I thought were going to
be bad and then turned out to be
fantastic do you know what was a really
good example of something I stayed away
from for a long time and and then ended
up loving what spelunky this is really
true I haven't been able to play it and
say I loved it but yeah when I first
heard about it I'm like yeah yeah um
what why oh my god it's great and this
is the thing I I kept seeing like
trailers for the game and you know every
once in a while and see someone play it
and I really and I still actually really
dislike the art style I don't like how
things look in this game you know they
like the a cartoony like this guy's big
nose the big cartoony nose I dislike the
art style of this game and so I stayed
away from it for a long time because I
based it off of its looks like they said
on its first impression right which is
how you do things and as soon as I got
my hands on it I realized I was
absolutely wrong
Oh shotgun I got a shotgun
and it actually really doesn't give me a
terrible amount of good but I got one so
we can admit one we're wrong about
things absolutes doable it is doable not
only is it doable I do it often because
I'm wrong often but didn't you have a
pickax to that did you lose it oh I
think that was like the last life oh I
didn't notice you dying yeah okay I died
so so ya know
Jurassic world prove me wrong make a
good movie
I would love to see a good movie you
know what I love rich movies hmm
dak is a human being yeah I'm getting
word that subscribers being exempt from
slowmode is something we have to set now
that they except I guess it's not set
it's not I guess it's not set that way
okay here I can I can switch that year
of glad I'm not wrong about Christian
Bale as Batman he is terrible at math
but you know what that's my opinion and
opinions are different than facts this
is a real thing hold on for a second I'm
going to make sure that we are in
subscribers are exempt from slowmode do
I know exclude subscribers from slow
mode is enabled subscribers are not
affected by chat slow mode that I just
looked it up in my subscriptions
dashboard you guys are fine you guys are
fine okay everything is fine but I
appreciate your concern
I appreciate all your concern all right
all right here we go
shoot in oh yeah shotguns are fun
shotguns are fun which is a real thing I
just said but it's also true shotguns
are fun have you ever been skeet
shooting
never in my life I've never fired a gun
you've never fine oh that's right you
didn't come with us first of all man
Drake was here thank you for subscribing
I want to say again because I think
you've subscribed to us in the past but
in any case we very much appreciate it
skeet shooting is super badass and a ton
of fun so I highly recommend it if
there's a skeet shooting range near
anyone who's listening high lyrica I
mean I highly recommend shooting guns in
general in a safe and controlled
environment of course but you know yeah
I know I'm too naturally clumsy iiiiii I
just know I will accidentally shoot
somebody in the face if you give me a
gun so it's something I avoid i mean
rich no offense to you and your natural
abilities or disabilities but you might
be right never never handle a gun and
never touch something you can't afford
to replace those are the two rules that
live by
yeah um jaws of Zadar is asking if I've
ever shot something that's alive I have
been hunting before but I've never shot
anything that is alive
I and I love 100% of my actual shooting
a gun has taken place at firing ranges
or skeet shooting ranges and
so I've never shot anything that was
alive that it's not say I haven't killed
anything that's alive if anyone
remembers ma by Jack used to be a
butcher story so I just know if I went
skeet shooting dad you know I would I
would hit one of the plates and then I
would turn around and say oh cool and
accidentally shoot the instructor in the
face I know that is exactly what would
happen but so I just won't do it
oh I'm not saying you're wrong but you
know I know my limitations oh oh there
is okay rich I'm gonna do something
awful okay
there is there is an altar here and
there is a damsel then I'm gonna
sacrifice to the altar to get a prize
all right and it right you Davis jerk it
was kind of worth it I got a compass
pretty important what sure yeah yeah I
used to be a budget are you are you a
fully fledged trained certified
card-carrying butcher jack not now no at
I don't know if there was a
certification I was a professional
butter like I think I worked and you
could take you could take an animal and
render it to meat chunks yes okay yes I
had the skill to bleed and rent and
remove the meat from an animal though to
be fair I only I mostly worked on
chickens and a pink so you know I could
probably work my way around a deer or a
cow like a larger animal but it would
probably sloppy so if that means
anything you did grow up on a farm
soon it was related to that me being a
butcher no no actually no no not that
rendering chicken sucker okay no no
actually I didn't do any of that on the
farm
because it was like a small farm and and
we didn't do much of that that was not
that was later in life someone in the
chat was asking what what is the best
cut of meat and you know you have to you
have to ask what animal but of course
we're talking about cows let's be honest
I can tell you the most overrated cut of
meat which is the filet mignon flank
Nick none the flagger that old flagon
Big Nog is a pretty Dern
I got a split frog over here yeah okay
oh we're fine we're fine
he jumped talking about we're talking
about flying at big Dom's Jack what
flagon been done yeah you're right
here lady there we go okay um okay I'm
back with it I am back with it flamin
yawns are an incredibly overrated cut of
meat it is true that they are tender
while not having a lot of fat on them
which is which is a hard thing to do but
the flat often renders them fairly
flavorless mm-hm and so for me I like
rib eye rib eye has a good amount of fat
tissue inside the cut of meat and that
that fat will actually like render off
and inject its deliciousness into the
rest of the meat while cooking and so
the rib eye is my favorite a lot of
people bone-in rib eye if you can see I
think I think the thing with with filets
and people is the kind of people who buy
green meat
Shuman they're shocked when it's the
shot sweat stuff because it's 99.9%
fat-free yeah yeah and it's the fat but
they don't realize that's why it's tough
yeah the fat gives it flavor the fat and
the bone a lot of people forget that
cooking something with the bone in it
also gives it its flavor and so yeah if
you remove the bone and you remove the
you remove the flavor you know fillets
are still a good cut especially if
you're looking for a lean cut especially
if you're looking for a small portion
for those of us who are figure conscious
filets are a great option because the
portions are smoking but no I'm not
risking I'm not risking a Piranha Plants
get out of it
piranha plant hey everybody's
everybody's are fantastic somebody just
sent me Saints Row 4 thank you very much
I didn't say your name but I don't know
that you want your steam name out there
on the whole internet everything here
Thanks
also all of my meat talk has gotten us a
subscriber so perplex a date thank you
for subscribing also that damn hippie
probably thank you for subscribing even
though you probably only subscribed to
to complain about all my meat talk also
in the chat hold on I have to do
something I just got a text from someone
I just got a text from someone and I
need to make them a moderator some jerk
I have added a moderator it's Jay this
is the real date yeah yeah red letter
J's this is the real Jay he texted me so
I know it's really him also Howard hand
thank you for subscribing we very much
appreciate it
okay are you doing Jim J and Jack were
you aware that there are now rumors
floating around that that mike has now
broken rib he's currently in the
hospital I mean he's in the hospital but
for something unrelated haha
I'm just joking uh that's great why is
there a rumor floating around that mike
is in the hospital I don't know that's
such a weird thing they invent a rumor
for yeah it makes no sense yeah what
else are you gonna do when you're bored
you make up stuff about people right ah
that's great
now let people let people think whatever
they want about whatever they want all
the time
heard that where are you I heard you
I'm close to the the the secret shop
which I know means a lot to you rich so
the secret shop yeah that means so much
yeah
oh are you going shopkeeper again I am
gonna try not to kill the shopkeeper
I might die okay ah
Oh dams yeah might do it dumb thing I'm
gonna do a dumb thing that's okay
shit shit shit shit get out of here I
did a little bit of a dumb thing but
it's fine I had to blow up the
sacrificial altar to get to the secret
shop which makes which drops a whole
bunch of enemies and I lost some Life
Points but it's fine myself good life
points and I'm at the shop
everything is happy and I have a ton of
money though I can buy some stuff what's
it worth it oh yeah yeah absolutely 100%
worth it I mean no jet pack which is
upsetting to say the least
doesn't have a single best thing you can
buy in the game the jet pack yeah yeah
jetpack jet pack is always worth it so
now the question is do I go for the ankh
yes all right we're doing it we're going
on that's the thing that potentially
gets you to the secret level right yep
okay yeah go for it good for UNK you
know what did it already bind the ankh
and some climbing gloves we're doing it
we're doing it too in it you know I'm
saying I know you do I know you know
exactly what I'm saying oh stop
probably gonna die but you know that
happens in life I'm gonna try not to die
somebody in the chat is asking me for
your email so they can send you a gift I
don't know why they're not just asking
you for my email yeah they want to send
you a gift
my email is public knowledge and so go
ahead it is Harlech a jrl ack at mac ma
c-calm and that's so cool just you're
right here work we're both here what you
asked me I think I think you know I
think they know you are checking the
chat more because I'm playing so I guess
that makes sense
okay okay I will accept that it's true
Harlock is also my steam name it's also
my twitter handle that's kind of my
thing
get some work just stick with it yeah
and for the person who said at max yeah
my god oh I didn't anger
oh shut that oh god damn it did you
anger the shop people no I heard some
asshole angered the dammit dammit dammit
dammit
an alien blew up on the sacrificial
altar and if it blows up you can end up
with what I have now which is the ball
and chain right so right now I have a
unwieldy ball and chain hook that to me
uh-huh which means I move slower I'm
hooked up to this ball if I carry it I
move incredibly slow it is there is some
good which is I can kill some enemies
really easily I throwing it at them
you get that from blowing up the altar
yeah so any weird details in this game I
know well you know it's all it's all
about it's all about randomness you know
like this game has a ton of things that
happened or that might or might not ah
fuck messed it up well good thing I had
that on cuz I died uh oh oh oh oh no I'm
dead I'm dead for real no here it goes
oh damn it damn it fucked up I did I did
I got the ball and chain yeah I feel bad
about that oh okay
okay we're gonna do this we're gonna
give us a couple more tries and then we
can move on to something else
well my steam name for the people asking
is charred but my friends are currently
full yes every every time I give up my
my steam name my friends list just fills
up instantly so I'm cool right now
you're here right Casper what do we do
when we fall you're absolutely right
yes the same with my esteemed friend
list it is a little full at the moment I
do I do try to clean it out every once
in a while but you know the neverending
tide and that's fine so if you have sent
me a friend request on Steam I'll get to
it eventually
I'll try it I'll try to get to
eventually yeah we'll find it we'll find
something else fun to play we'll find
something fun to play after this playing
this last week really got me invigorated
to play it more this is just a great
game that's a game
oh you know I'll save this for later
oh I'll save this for later uh-oh you
know someone was asking me we talked a
lot during the Mario Kart stream which
went up recently on YouTube that was
right after the Zelda episode and so
there was a lot of talk about like art
in video games and like what is art and
whatnot
and someone asked me over Twitter about
the half-life games and whether or not
they are art and I think we need to
reiterate with everyone that we thought
we looked up the definition of art and
art is anything any creative work and so
the answer is of course there aren't the
proper question is whether or not they
are high art and so you you you get hung
up on high art I do I do I'm not against
it but I'm mostly carer from having fun
sure well you know mostly well that's
two separate things we're talking about
two separate things one is the
entertainment in one is the art right
and so I don't I think there's a there
is a world for both of these things
games both entertainment and art and I
am mean I don't get hung up on it it was
just something that I happen to talk
about during one of the games and it's
something that I really think is true I
think that games can be art and I enjoy
finding that meaningful bullshit in in
video games
and the half-life series which is a
series that I really enjoy I don't
believe is very high art I think that
it's a pretty standard pretty standard
first-person shooter it's a great game
but there's no like there's no
overarching theme other than shooting
the thing until it dies you know which
and it's it's a really fun game it's a
game I really enjoy and I think they
handle I think I've mentioned it as a
game that handles like storytelling
through gameplay better than most games
I think they handle you know all they're
starting to tell storytelling is done
through game
you never leave your character there's
no cutscenes except for a little one at
the beginning and a little one at the
end oh shit so you act like you can't
have art with a cutscene you cast not
true you can have art with a cutscene
god dammit
oh wait oh no no I can do this I can do
this
rich jet pack yes jet pack level one all
right Joe in level one jet pack and a
compass in level one prepare the high
string we're really excited about this
what what is the compass do what Oh the
compass the compass points you to the
exit and yeah there are some levels in
which finding the exit slash remembering
where the exit is is very difficult okay
okay so say I bought it but I've only
played it for about ten minutes yet so
okay taco Fox says jack is really
insufferable when he tries to define
things like art of games and you know
someone I asked so shut the fuck up did
you you make it some like you have a
limited narrow definition of what
qualifies as one art in a game no no I
think it has to do X in X way
well you're pure game are deaf
and once again art is any creative work
any creative work I'm trying to think
about like a really simple game like
pong is art you know pong is a creative
work right mm-hm
so no my definition of art is very very
wide
I am trying less than Kate thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
I'm just trying to have a conversation
about you know the merits of good game
and aims it make you think more about
life and bullshit what whatever I'll
stop talking about it I don't care we're
having a discussion Jack yeah it's true
it's true these are true things that are
happening we are having a discussion but
in any case I just wanted to make it
clear that like I don't like a game
doesn't need to be full of deep complex
themes and messages for me to enjoy it
much like the half-life games I just
enjoy those games you know it's like
it's like No More Heroes I contend that
there is a a a meta-narrative going on
in that game that I find interesting and
but it's it's all in cutscenes yeah yeah
no and you know it's that's that's a
situation where like we've talked about
like my I'm I tolerate cutscenes but you
know a cutscene in a video game a movie
as part of a video game is like a big
chunk of text in movies I think it's
using antiquated technology to tell your
story and whether or not No More Heroes
has this
this meta-narrative which by the way he
sounds like it does you know that's fine
I think it's great I think it should and
I think that it can be considered a high
art but but yeah then we're talking
about two other two separate things like
high art and video games versus like the
directions video games need to go in
order to make their own way in the
creative world yeah change them stones
change them stones you ghostie a bitch
there we go
so that's a deck hates mixed media art
um maybe maybe it's my simpleness maybe
it's because I'm so simple that I can't
handle two genres to media's at the same
time that could be
yeah so that's all I got there you know
what that's all I got there you know
what else I've been doing rich which I
know will come why uh big surprise to
you I've been playing well shit out of
Smash Brothers yeah yeah I'm shops I
know I know I know it's a big surprise
for you but Jesus Christ have I've been
playing the shit out of Smash Brothers
it's like me personally I know I've got
that new computer coming yeah I'm like
the look I'm reluctant to start anything
because I know at any moment found that
last couple packages are gonna show up
so you don't even why anything I know
this well I'll just wait that's really
funny I love I love that you're just
you're just not playing stuff on your
computer right now waiting what the fuck
indeed rich I'm in the middle of
something can you see who just
subscribed yes
Frenchy Libre thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it
Frenchy Libre Libre libr e Libre Libre
alright what are the other it's it's
something fly breathe
Frenchy lively thank you for subscribing
that's it rich Frenchy library you
subscribe that's a we did we get your
name wrong hope you enjoy it hi I'm
ghosting I'm ghost and rich be you gem
farming I'm Gemma farming and I really
shouldn't because I have the jetpack
like it's just so easy but I really
should kill some of these enemies
make sure they are not in my way when
the ghost comes
I don't want to use that bomb I don't
have one bomb oh here comes okay good oh
they have one bomb you know you might
eat what do you hold you know what are
you hold me on do it for in case in case
I get a snake level and if you remember
what a snake level is it's it's the one
where there's a pickaxe at the bottom of
a snake pit uh you need a bomb to be the
bomb to get out okay you need a bomb to
get to the pickaxe I didn't kill that
snake that's gonna come back and haunt
me later haunt me later get it oh shit
oh shit you asshole come on it's fine
everything's fine I'm ham what happened
did you fall asleep I did I did I died I
didn't even know you get knocked
unconscious that sounds amazing it is
it's great if you fall from to greater
heights you get knocked unconscious and
you lose a hard point yeah and I get a
little cocky with the jet pack and when
you have the jet pack you can fall from
any height as long as you hit the jet
pack burst right before you know right
before you land but your timing was
terrible but my timing was terrible and
and I fucked up but that's okay I do I
I'm still alive everything is fine gotta
look for all these gems that I left
oh now ghost is gonna come back late
smart wait it out wait out the ghost
wait out the ghost here ghosty okay you
got one of these why didn't you get the
other one you you dumb ghost
so smash brothers man have I been
enjoying it mostly because it's exactly
like every other Smash Brothers game
I've ever played only it is as I know it
would be only it's a beautiful
high-definition and you know it's got
some good characters and yeah I know I'm
an awful hypocrite
yes you can't deny that yeah you like
what you like you like what you like
what the fuck indeed rich I'm dealing
with a ghost screen scrolled I couldn't
read it okay osteoporosis Linda thank
you for subscribing uh at least it was
Linda not that fuck up Betty
oh god right they know better if it was
if it was Baby Gone
let's be honest if it was Betty that's
an insta ban
Oh an undead level this is fun you're
asking me about oranges Revenge of the
eggplant uh-huh
it's an earlier movie I made with Mike
it stars a cast they're all fruits with
faces painted on them and they're kind
of puppeteered and you haven't seen it
because it's it's not that great it's
got some good parts but as a whole I
don't know that it works oh yeah okay
something fun that you might notice
coming up in a little bit is I just blew
up a gravestone which had a shotgun
underneath and that gravestone Marsh ker
was Ash and this is a zombie level like
that like that speech this game my mom
is adorable I'm not gonna lose my shit
over but that's amusing I and by the way
I did not expect you to lose your shit
over it I just thought you would find it
amusing
okay great we're doing good things we
are doing good things
right now we are concentrating on
finding the secret shop I have enough
money to get the ankh I have the jet
pack
oh no I want to wait on that jac what
work of yours are you proudest of what
video video related project that you've
been a part of I'm sorry what's the
question your your your your work and in
making videos then what do you what do
you promise them what am I most proud of
what are you most proud of
oh that's an interesting question no
question - so how much involvement do
you have to have had sure I mean I think
any anything that you contributed to
like you know I mean I'm not gonna take
okay anything you've contributed to
anything yeah absolutely
well before you go into this a horrible
glory thank you for subscribing so yeah
anything you've contributed to at all I
think you can count as a work you've
been a part of so what do you got rich
well I think yeah you know there's I
can't take too much credit on that
friend you do that at all that's big-ass
disclaimer but no plug of reviews sure
but whatever in the moment I had you
know those happy with those best of the
worst yeah
always happy to contribute on best of
the worst
all right that's a good answer I don't
think it'll other stuff we've done
Miguel and I don't know but right there
you click it reviews and best of the
worst
good I like I like being part of best of
the worst
I don't know that I really add much to
half in the bag you mean besides your
beauty and grace let's be honest rich
without you it's nothing it's just a
couple of assholes talking about movies
I'm a glorified mascot
yes but the best kind the glorified kind
goddamnit you see so you're asking me
about my bomb saving earlier right yeah
so here I used my bomb to get the
shotgun in the zombie level yeah and now
I'm in the next level I have no bombs
and the secret store in which I need to
get the ankh which gets me the secret
level is here but I need a bomb to get
to it and I yeah I fucked up basically
and so now I'm trying to find a way you
you can find a bomb Jack I can't there's
no bomb on this level there's a crate
which might have a bomb in it but I
don't think I can get to it because it
is surrounded by spikes there's a store
but they won't give me a bomb they might
give me a climbing glove which won't
really help me at all damn it fuck that
bridge I made the wrong call I was so
excited to tell you about like the a
shotgun thing that I took normally the
shotgun is not an item that I would take
but I was like oh rich would really
enjoy it which would get a cook out of
this charger I mean you should be is
what I'm saying
it's all your fault and I blame you
entirely well why can't you good mo is
your favorite thing that you weren't
involved with it did he answer the quick
started interjecting with the Plunkett
reviews what what was yours no I'm glad
you did um yeah I think that's a really
good question I don't know if I have I
don't know if I have a good answer is
unfortunately the answer where it's just
like I I'm really proud of a lot of
stuff that I did be the high five
montages which I don't know it seems
like a really simple thing but it was
just it that was something that I was
really proud to have come up with and
you know what helped it be put together
and and so and of course that did the
most to eventually make my career and so
like I kind of have to say that just
because it was such a big deal yeah I'm
trying to think of it was a keystone
moment not necessarily your favorite
thing you were you you're involved with
that is it or is it that's it and that's
what I'm trying to think where it's like
what has been yeah what's been my
favorite thing to be involved with yeah
but I mean that is also cuz like that's
that's like my style of working which is
like run-and-gun a ton of improv a ton
of figuring stuff out as we shoot like
that's how I like to shoot that's how I
like to work creatively and so yeah
maybe the high five Asia montages as a
whole mmm what I will say see you
largely you largely improvised that oh
all of them one even the other time it
passed me up your stuff - yeah with the
trampolines and everything that's that's
kind of interesting we that stuff what
have like a bit of pre-planning doing oh
god no no we we show up at a we find a
location
oh yeah and then we and then we just
figure it out when we're there and we
and we adjust as we shoot and it's just
like okay we can use this wall and we
can use this and you know we have a
couple like rough idea
but it's all just on the cuff mm-hmm
which is how I like to work so all of
those montages they they might seem
simple or stupid but like all of those
montages are super fun to make and it
means that I get to work with people
that I really enjoy so you know I don't
know how to respond yes it's interesting
it's interesting that you improv that
that trickshot type stuff yeah okay oh
there we go there's something to talk
about you you can like the trampolines
involved and whatnot oh sure Nomar you
know and it's all it's all like because
we fail so much like and people notice
especially like on the past maybe air
stuff where they're just like so I see
that there's a ton of beer stains you
guys obviously did not do this on your
first try and we're like duh you know
like many many tries because we figure
it out as we go along maybe you know
what actually maybe the the thing I'm
the most proud of is the pass me beer
stuff okay because that was that was us
trying to do to both do what we do and
incorporate branding and we we got away
with a lot with that we we went to Old
Milwaukee and we said we have this idea
and Old Milwaukee they were great to
work with yeah thought I'd use oops they
were great to work with but they did
want some things some things that we did
not agree with creatively mmm and we
stood our ground and we said no you know
like you know like one example what do
they what do they want yeah well why
don't one one light example that I can
talk
just because it's it's not super it's
not super you know like poignant they
wanted to call it they wanted to call it
passed me a beer bro
oh oh yeah you know like in their head
they're like wouldn't that be fun
you know like if we could incorporate
this this thing this slang that the kids
are saying you know this is this bro
thing into into it and we were just like
no we like that we think that would
sound really douchey we are not okay
with that and they we argued about that
but not argued you know we went back and
forth on that for a while right and
eventually you know we stood our ground
and I think that was the best decision
and of course you know the video was
successful and so we can in hindsight we
can say we've made the right decision
saucers is this is not a mothership
level there are some alien levels that
are that have like a mothership
interests and this is not one of them
but okay so now I'm just going for just
going for beating Olmec which I can do I
have a shotgun I have a jetpack
I have climbing globes so beating oh my
super I can't shoot this just for secret
anyway so what's important now is that I
get bombs bombs will be very important
when defeating Olmec what the fuck
indeed rich I'm just talking about the
game would you stop yelling in my ear oh
wait
sheev Palpatine thank you for
subscribing or how is it pronounced
Richard share sure you know what his
name is Palpatine fuck you George Lucas
he strikes at us from beyond the grave I
think his name is pal B you don't want
that came up that revelation that he
just made up because because JJ Abrams
is getting too much attend
and excitement over the new movie that's
what that was no George Lucas doesn't
care anymore come on he's a I'm sure
he's a petty jerk that's a terribly
being thing to say it might be drew I
don't know I'm just saying it's not
necessarily true it was a Titanic made
more money than him well I mean he's a
businessman and a filmmaker I know that
movie does better it is he's got an ego
undeserved ego you know don't we all
don't we all have an ego no I have
absolutely zero self-esteem
I didn't say self-esteem I said ego the
difference Oh someone's asking a very
important question which is why is
Jackson terrified of rich he's not who's
just in a bad mood it's reading bad
jokes to him and he didn't want any part
of it yeah and he couldn't leave yeah
basically
so no they're fine he was just fine he's
in bad mood and he's a kid it's tiring
is it a bad mood
jack has a very big ego yes for anyone I
see that in the image ad yeah yeah URI
goes fine I have a healthy ego is what I
tell myself because I talk to myself a
lot because I have a huge ego I I may
have zero self-esteem button but in in
the next best of the worst I I may have
had my shining moment as a human being
as a human being as a human being my by
my one my one accomplishment in life the
thing they won't remember me for unless
unless it gets cut bizarre a reason
uh-huh might might happen in the next
best of the worst oh my yeah yeah I mean
great I wish you I wish you well
okay the next best of the worst will
come out when when a certain third party
has just finished doing something for ya
nope no sooner no later so I don't know
when that will be out it's kind of out
of my hands
it'll be out soon or not it doesn't
matter we don't know how about that J's
in the chat he might know more than we
do I think he said something about it oh
okay
it's reading that's the reason that was
comfortable bringing it on a plan to
save plants a plane - cool
okay great great
we're doing great we're great things are
happening ain't gonna cancel yeah well
now we're this is this is the the last
stage the temple looks like a castle to
me ah could be it could be the art style
I could be there Sam but yeah now things
are getting real this is this level is
full of perils which is why I'm really
happy I have a shotgun shotgun really
helps in this level so sir gimpy wants
to know if we ate those burgers Jill J
grilled on the last best of the worst
everybody asked that question of course
we didn't they were smeared with with
burnt plastic yeah nobody would eat
those we ate before we film that right
those are leftovers that that was
actually filmed on my birthday my
birthday we just had like a little
cookout we had a little cookout and we
watched how they would come that was my
birthday and it was great yeah that was
a great time okay so by the way for
anyone who sees that Golden Triangle
thing next to me this is a part of how
you get to the City of Gold if you get
the ankh and get the special thing you
can kill and you bust in the last level
which I did kill take his staff turn it
in here further here and you get this in
you know but we're not gonna do that
it's a whole thing someone is asking
Gold is gold is asking who I favor in
Smash
right now I'm just kind of figuring out
all the characters I've been really
enjoying the meze customizing and
playing as me I thought I think that's
super fun little Mack is also white oh
my god what happened
get up get up get up get up I got hit by
something okay oh god damn it
a stupid fucking arrow trap okay I'm
fine
are you doomed no no I'm fine everything
is fine ah that's scared to crap out of
me and kind of a shape is oh I need my
shotgun I needed my shotgun that damn it
that just scared that the Hebrews out of
me
I jet packed up thinking that I was safe
from all harm never think that in this
game and and got hit by an arrow trap
and almost ate the whole run now there's
another reason that you need a lot of
bombs is bombs in this level equals
shortcuts which equals you not having to
fight so bombs which lead to you saying
oh fuck in a panicked tone yes okay
anyone who's seeing this right now if
you look on the kind of a bottom left
corner you'll see a little block with an
eyeball on it if that block sees you it
it attempts to kill you by smashing you
into a wall and I almost just dived but
using my superior videogame skill I did
not and I think I think I just made it
to all Mike though we're doing great
we're doing great yeah someone is just
saying I was gonna be crushed by stone
trap and I didn't I got away from it
because I'm awesome by getting two Olmec
have you have you redeemed your your
spunkiness if I come wet from the last
dream yes okay I've gotten two Olmec now
if I can win which I think I can I have
a jet pack I have climbing gloves if I
can win then we are in a really good
place
so right now I am in a very good place
having the jetpack is crazy helpful
oh I unlocked a new character and kill
them but that's okay he doesn't do me
any good right now okay if you have a
jet pack and you can get up on top here
on the whole microp it's basically just
treasure city and get all the treasure
you can doesn't matter at that point
oh sure well you know just for at the
end of the game you get uh you know you
get a high score and how much gold do
you have it's it's all like daily bests
and bragging rights it doesn't matter
for the game but just for your personal
best okay
and I'm like one of the achievements is
whether or not you can get like you know
a million gold in one run and there are
people who do like no gold runs if you
can beat the game without getting any
jewels or gold which is I think is
hilarious yeah it's getting gold I got a
jet pack I can do whatever I want
okay sooner or later I'm gonna have to
check in on that Olmec we're gonna have
to start start the actual last level I'm
just I'm just watching just watch man
it's gonna be great so the thing about
Olmec which sounds like sitcom the thing
about Olmec we'll be back after these
messages is no you don't like that maybe
maybe maybe it should come like it's
like cancelled halfway through the first
days huh sure yeah I can see that so if
you see the exit here is blocked off
because we have to actually kill Olmec
and the only way to kill Olmec is to
make him fall into the lava that is at
the bottom of the level yeah and the
only way to get down there is either to
use bombs to make a hole or if Olmec
gets on top of you he he comes down hard
and he destroys the bottom so if you
don't have any bombs you need to get
under Olmec and then get back on top of
him yeah
or back out from underneath him so so
you know you don't die because if all my
crushes here it's an insta-kill
I'm you need a ridiculous number of
bombs to do this yeah and what basically
I'm gonna use I have a decent number of
bombs so I'm gonna get a good start and
make a nice wide rich I'm gonna make a
nice wide hole great joke I know yeah
yeah listen you know these are the names
of yourself ashamed shame is not
something I've felt in a long time
by you know it could happen okay great I
have a really great start so now I need
to lure Olmec over here so you see the
love underneath here
I'll see you though oh by the way so
here's the super special thing assuming
you do all of the super special thing
that is like getting the ankh dying on
the certain level killing on you bus
getting his staff going to the level of
gold getting the super special thing
then what you have to do is kill Olmec
over this door right here ride him down
and good and that's how you get to help
it's uh you go to hell and you go to
hell that's the real last level is going
to help this this is winning the game
but this is not really winning you know
this is like you fight Satan yeah oh my
god see ya s-pen Berg thank you for
subscribing
we really appreciate did we do
okay I know Mike spawned some enemies
but that's no big deal no big deal we're
gonna ride this one out how do i okay so
gonna that was close
that's a close one oh no did you died oh
yeah
how did you died I haven't seen it yet
Oh Oh Mike got him oh my got me you'll
see in a second
I was stupid I was stupid unless I'm
assuming he's insta-death yep he's
incident maybe you just did it wrong no
no that was my fault that was 100% my
fault I was in a safe space I was in a
safe space where he couldn't kill me and
I was trying to go fast and get him on
top of me oh when you die in a game like
this it's always your fault
oh that that makes me feel bad but I
think that was good run we got to olmec
ah I'm a little exhausted so what's next
Jack I do can't be exhausted you must
play gaming I will I will play more game
I absolutely will we should figure out
what we want to play do we want to try
another run I saw some people mentioned
earlier Oregon Trail which is fun which
could be fun you know we've done it
before
let's see here here's what I'm gonna do
I'm gonna go I'm gonna cook over here
I'm gonna keep this sweet-ass background
music going now let's switch over to the
switch over to the animation here I'm
just gonna take a real quick look at my
steam inventory and see if there's
anything fun I think it's fun that we
have and that we haven't played yet you
know yeah yeah which I think I think
that'd be important like a new game
we've been doing a lot of repeats except
for last Wednesday what we did something
completely different I'm not gonna play
Isaac I've been playing the hell out of
Isaac on my Vita and I've played it
enough on the stream I will not play
Isaac for anyone interested I have
beaten Satan and I've beaten Isaac which
is very exciting
still nowhere close to beating him I'm
stream you died I'd say you did not beat
Satan on stream i did not beat say on a
stream on my Vita I'd beaten Satan and
I've gotten the heaven route where I go
up to heaven and I've beaten Isaac I
beaten myself well there's a heaven Rob
to of course what happens after you beat
yourself off ah
first of all funny you win not really
it's a win they know it was fine you
made a fine joke you made a fine attempt
at a joke I did get I got a couple games
recently one is a rhythm game so I don't
think I can play it on stream just cuz
I'll have to concentrate too much but
one that I'm looking forward to playing
actually it's called crypt of the
necrodancer and it seems like it's right
up my alley let's see what happened we
played in a while well or what haven't I
not played at all I have so many games
in here hmm I can't see what you're
looking at so I can't tell you it's it's
really true well why don't we do this
why don't we take a little break
something was something we can name
people after this always fun that's a
little something sure you're right to
the game I'm gonna take a break I'm
gonna run a commercial and when we come
back we will have a game picked out so
we will be back everyone
