Goldeen, I. N64 With Josh, Jack, and Rich
August 1, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kFASb8BI4sc

let me say it oh yeah there we go
Wow all right oh cool officially welcome
to the stream everybody thanks oh let me
turn on the n64 music again
oh yeah can you guys hear James Bond and
us talking that's the important question
or is everything messed up in the world
what what I can't get you talking you
hear anybody
hello dear write those out all day you
remember their soul I know I know I know
son I know I don't get what remove
polygons not gonna happen even know what
you guys are talking this is an n64 game
there's nothing but polygons and blur
it's the ugliest game imaginable so yeah
we'll wait
well we're going to show up and now
we're gonna play some love a fuckin
golden I am are you playing no else does
that I mean I pretty good I'm not gonna
yeah it's nothing look that shit man in
many years
this was definitely the n64 was
definitely post-collegiate time DJ had
one when when he and I were roommates
with the with the rotating third
roommate whoever it was at the time
played a lot of this back then I didn't
drink back then so you just played
Goldeneye yeah time wasted yeah yeah I
mean I played this shit out of Goldeneye
yeah we had 964 and and yeah me and
three roommates this is what we did
mm-hmm
I was too busy playing point to image
which I enjoy sure more nearly everyone
oh sure sure that's one there were a
baby those of us who do not have a
computer good enough to play wait you
know what this does have those then the
location damage oh yeah
red spots yeah is uh someone wants to
know is Josh a gamer no nobody would be
in Jack when we telling you guys no just
me and Jack yeah this this is this is
what it took to get me in here and I
remember I remember jack and I talking
about this when you were talking about
just just before the first pilot and
getting it all set up and like you know
if you guys bust it down to like Atari
games or vintage arcade games I'm there
um but this is about as far as I went I
am NOT the video game person left on one
second dictor birthday boy no no mustard
is terrible know what I hate mustard
what mustard is although mustard is
fantastic mustard makes me want to throw
up oh come on he's making a joke dude a
PC I know yeah I know I don't like the
comparison no offended haha my mustard
your friend if I must you angry about
mustard I foul
I I would say there's things foods I
dislike yeah muster times I would
actually say I despise Wow
you guys you hear it here first Wow rich
to spy system like not even I'd like do
you like do you like brats like hot
mustard out of back I don't like it
anything like it look like I like one Oh
like a grand jurors know a grainy spicy
mustard here's here's a sec my
girlfriend
she she insisted that I just never had
good mustard right
could you show you are these I could are
you know there's no one years and years
ago she took like it's like literally a
drop of Grey Poupon
tip of a spoon to try this uh-huh I
tried it i gagged for five fucking
minutes
Wow are you allergic to mustard no I
just despise it it's awful okay listen I
just flies mustard I'm very sorry I I
don't like pickles and I don't think
ketchup deserves of anywhere new cheese
so that's why I just Everman I don't
Mike you forgot plain just because it's
easier yeah because we've talked about
that where it's also allows you to get
if you're doing like a fast-food burger
get to your pressure burger no sure cuz
it's not you know the kidding ham
they don't make it like that I you know
what I prefer on my fast-food burgers is
mom mustard and onions only like no
ketchup I'm not a big fan of kit but and
I know guys this is a really interesting
topic seriously controversy so make sure
to LIKE subscribe but I vote the mustard
conversation yes please we're traveling
with your mustardy opinions they're
bridge ends he of the shitty opinion oh
fuck you yeah
okay I know I got an audience and you
don't take your fucking the mustard love
else well I just don't I never
understood ketchup so anger sugarpaste
no it's not it's intuitive it is it is
tomato and vinegar based with you in
some sugar and some salt
yeah actually this solves more burden
than the sugar because there's a natural
sweetness in tomatoes but catch is not
ketchup is reserved for unusually bland
french fries Wow that's the only time I
ever got ketchup dick the birthday boy
has a really good question will there be
any gaming in this condiment stream
mouth well the only way that got me here
was the promise that we wouldn't
actually play in a game that we were
just talking about condiments I actually
had I had I was exposing my opinion on
a1 sauce on my Twitter earlier this week
I actually was what's your name buddy I
love a 1 sauce but I also like a good
steak yeah and they want to you know if
you put a 1 on a good steak you're
wasting it absolutely so it's just like
I don't want to get bad steak and then
but I like a 1 and it's a conundrum
this was my problem with any sort of
steak sauce is why because steak sauce
is there to cover up a bad steak and so
just why have a bad steak in first place
you're listening to condiment toys NPR
yeah um but I honestly like the taste of
a1 sauce I don't think it's spoiling
anything to say that Jesse puts on her
eggs she does and that blew my mind well
fucking bed what yep very we were having
dinner out I can't remember is me
investing Jamie I can't remember a 1
sauce on your egg a one sauce and hot
sauce you know you know what's in your
most delicious
dad delicious sour cream on fries sour
cream on fries yeah Sam we're good but I
think again a bit sour cream on a lot of
baked potato you put sour cream on
pierogies so guess what sour cream and
fries that goes together like like like
like like playing a game Oh uh-oh are we
doing the single-player first or what
since all fuck single-player let's start
about a four player now I'm I am trained
on the mouse and the keyboard so I'm
gonna be flat-out awful okay great I
really like that okay so three players
I'm Ariel
or mole which I can't remember what the
scenario differences are going on twice
normal noise we're all trying to kill
each other
that's why would we ah level oh you'll
figure it out go get it Oh random to few
a.m. random random adapter
I musta mom strength yeah you a mayor
you're you're up and down
oh that's well that's weeks only this
isn't this is motion this is moving and
this is view I don't remember
okay I don't get you'll get it ah 10
minutes is probably fine weapons uh
let's keep it simple let's go with
pistols his rockets can kind of fuck off
a little bit until we don't we just
start yeah are tired of everything haha
we will pick our characters oh man who
are you gonna be are you gonna be Boris
I want to be on Cummings cuz doesn't
well oh you're on your own yeah I
haven't figured it yeah I don't know who
you is what is this Steiner real I'm
gonna be Valentin Oh gonna be a little
robbie coltrane wanna um okay health
normal everybody's got a press and and
oh I'm pressing wrong a desert press a
good is here okay control style
we haven't unlocked on odd-job what are
these things we didn't odds press a go
to the honey and press a I don't know
what that is sign on auto am on yes sure
whirls the darkness start this via here
we go go boy okay alright
why is my egg cut shoots oh this is
horrible
you're all relaxed what wait what doing
good why is your gun why is this so slow
cuz that's the game other yeah
oh I have my slapper does that help uh
you can slap people with it
think you Prezi you press a to get your
gun do you pick up your gun yeah pick up
a gun yeah where it's in the room it's
on the floor
yeah wow this is coming back to me
pretty quickly Hey oh you press the
shoot but that's rigor hey I it's it's
weird playing it on a TV like this ha ha
ha that is that is all I'm body armor it
looks because we're playing it on a HD
TV it looks significantly more it is
terrible ok career no you got Ohioan who
wants all you guys Jack just died Jack
is in the top right corner Josh in the
top left corner riches in the bottom man
I'm still pretty good at this huh that's
right no um booze Bellanca co-op maybe
oppressed are welcome here I'm gonna
slap the shit on him feel like I'm stuck
in molasses listen this is this is awful
this is the answer people love this game
no well we love it because it was all we
had
I'll I certainly loved it at the time
yeah if we if you didn't have a computer
oh my god where am I
I mean I'm a basement if you didn't have
a computer hey this is this is the only
way you could do a multiplayer
first-person shooter sure if someone is
going to correct who body armor body
armor where am I and where are you
that's I'm a little confused by them oh
there's a little map you guys is a
little map in the top right corner
oh and betta stuff I opened a door y'all
yes that's that's making more sense to
me there are hidden doors I'll gather
hidden doors fuck well I mean not
exactly well enough audio I'm a shooter
motherfucker crazy in the Facebook okay
now oh yeah I was just in the base with
yo fucking daughter within here so much
do you know what is this Magnum bullets
Magnum bullets give it up for Magnum
bullets no thank you
I'm picking up like shit tons of am oh
there we go
there's some fuckin ball yeah okay I
don't have a gun oh I would recommend
getting you where is gun is there on the
floor why don't you start with a fucking
pistol cuz you have to find a gun this
is retarded it's not in the room where I
spawned Oh should be again close to you
okay here we go I'm coming for you jab
yeah yeah yeah
you're screaming those restraining
the most Awkward strafing ever oh I shot
you like eight times that body armor Oh
ash body armor J closes I am I'm pretty
damaged that's right the good that you
could set it to a different you can give
it died certain amount of times and be
done how is this just a free-for-all
this needs for ten minutes okay it's
nonstop ten minutes non-stop ten minutes
let's go let's go let's go
Oh see we go I'm down and then it's yeah
I think it's a total of how many times
you die
get out of here
yeah it's making it really tough to like
get you see the stuff that's on the
floor you have conveyed Oh didn't get
you it's gonna get okay you know what
slackers yeah this clever Oh laughter
you straight to death son slap you you
ain't got nothing on these left Brazil
hi
hi now we're gonna have to judge all
come come for me okay gotta go for the
secret door which is not at all a secret
where are you where am I that's what I'm
ass I'm asking to do this is awful oh I
guess what I mean is this is my new
favorite game I'm done yeah all right
I'm done through the night oh oh my god
we can do some single-player campaigns
I'm gonna go play quake mmm bring it
you can play quake one day compute some
glass okay are you guys this is the
ugliest game this is via in the world
look at these walls
everybody is there one good-looking game
on the Nintendo 64 one no idea played
like two games on this ever and we have
them both named na straight straight and
coming back and straight that's hey I'm
good that's all I'm doing straining oh
fuck my plan my first plan didn't work I
you're playing this for shit jack ha ha
ha oh yeah we will definitely do a
rocket-launcher turn oh sure
this is just all right is there a button
to run ah you just push you push up
quickly
and it doesn't really push forward more
yeah but if you push it all the way up a
little move a little faster oh no that's
not me
I'm quite efficient - can't hit you can
good happen
ah the one thing I'm really not gaining
back that I used to have is a sense of
where I am and I used to know these oh
yeah I used to know this stuff well
enough to have an idea just like okay so
I go here and then I go to this thing
and nope oh yeah I mean I remember
memorizing all of the little bullet like
all the weapon drops getting up to the
other levels one level can't you I go to
grace
I think don't go to hallway it's easy
money
come here clear no karate chappie why
are you down my car dumped you like
eight times
yah-hoo apathetic one says the n64 had
one of the weakest libraries of any
console
maybe yeah just barely huh yeah maybe I
don't know it was you
considered to be a good game like I know
it's good shit something that controls
well I think would be my definition of a
good game well like it's getting some
shit lately but I still like ocarina and
I still like Mario 64 was a good game
I'm exactly as sin but it's a good game
ah smash brothers starfox motherfucks
starfox starfox I remember starfox
looking good Star Fox 64 is brilliant
game feel like I'm steering a bulldozer
our ice Rick ah
oh wait I remember something
like a name Duane's better it's gonna be
you you hit me running away
oh no that's really stupid I wasn't a
karate champion you can't do it oh
that's dumb that I really hit that
that's just Tom what do you even Presta
crunch ow
uh oh you press the a button to get rid
of your weapon yeah if not have anything
in your hands and then you're present in
your on your Friday job which is useful
knowledge when we do slappers only which
we will have to do as that it's fucking
fun
we're about your sister Emily
hey hey hey you ain't got nothin cut you
guys out see you in the head
motherfucker
Oh games are all right sake my first
redeeming second M Jack came in third
that's good work good work thanks
everybody yeah okay starting yeah okay
and that's the street and all right good
night mr. Rai - thank you so much for
coming out
okay so that's a plain old regular
regular stylee so now let's start
fucking around
um yes John Kela we would describe this
drive these controls as awkward hopeful
quite see the awkward supercut yes it's
meant a second um you only live twice as
something you died twice and you're done
the man with the Golden Gun is the one
that if you get the Golden Gun you can
kill anybody instantly license to kill
is any hit is fatal and so the fun thing
there is to do license to kill with
slappers let's definitely do that
and try that yeah let's do that let's do
license to kill with slappers only and
then we'll do do rocket launchers next
okay I pick different level sure
on their proximity mines and all sorts
of things you haven't fucked around with
you hey don't be shitting on the
gamecube gamecube we've had some are we
all still comfortable with our
characters ah Elvis delvis um we have
emoticons you get to use them
oh nothing doesn't look it up I forget
how you do it but you have to type in a
thing and then you type in another thing
you're good it gives you more account
it's pretty cool
I'm gonna be fucking bond I'm gonna slap
some Chin's bla bla bla bla bla Blee why
do people hit the gamecube I don't know
well this is the same level Oh a lot of
people there was a lot of hate for the
Gamecube uh and I thought it had
specifically specifically Mario Sunshine
Oh everyone hates Mario some time with
high goals - Mario Sunshine was great
oh what's that slap come here you come
here I'm kind of socking we that's
that's what the fun is you're so close
oh that was fantastic
that was weird
oh I'll project you got it thank you
forgot I'm reading the chat time thank
you for the ticket
to do pasta
you know I try to run away yeah wind
waker mario sunshine Luigi's Mansion is
a great game that I think does not get
is enough love as far as I'm concerned
again it's not brothers Mario Kart
Double Dash is a great Mario Kart game
ah there were so many good ok come here
oh we're really good at that you know
how they say when women spend time
together they synchronize their monthly
time that's nothing maybe we've
synchronized our finger puppets do you
feel weird ding dongs slap a bitches oh
I can't someone without dying it could
work I mean really proud of this oh you
can't hate this game work oh fuck you
this is just a goofy they were just
tonight no kill you for being goofy
Metroid Prime we don't have to stick
Australia Metroid Prime is a great game
thank you
there's a ton of great game queue we can
do you lose points for having died I'm
shoe man that no no it's just that how
many times can you kill the other people
the most I am terrible apparently
straight straight sticks too tall
I really wish there was it like at the
fourth window would show just an overall
sound of this because that would be
fantastic just three people running at
each other
Chaffin come here no you sign up okay
okay no oh fucking hell no you I don't
want I don't know Tosh and I do we get
each other did rich get one of us I
don't even know oh this game does not
have spikes no we just gotta learn about
it wish game Metroid if anyone that
feels like shooting out Metroid Prime
you get the fuck out of history Metroid
Prime move everybody should have Metroid
Prime great game I haven't I haven't
seen it and I just see someone saying
like oh I see it oh I can't jump down
why can't I jump down that's I had to
see him anticipate okay am i keep
missing why am I missing okay come here
Biddy
maybe this doors locked damn it ah Jeff
well we just keep killing constantly
Josh this is strategy
okay run from Josh we can but we can
just gang up on Josh and not kill each
other what's your lucky
yeah are you that was a fine you both
got bitch is true I'm gonna get my glass
room
oh my god I got you slept last fuck your
ass
Oh sticky I'm a spine I'm a spine
running away I'm running away that's my
bathroom lipless no oh I was Team
Fortress 2
oh you don't you guys honestly the
double kills I don't remember the double
kill oh you're both getting close range
we're both laughing yeah the shaky Jack
and Rachel ah
oh yeah yes I missed primal says Josh
before you shaved whose beard would win
in a fight
yours are James I love the just beards
guys they're out of our faces no such
thing it's just it's it's tough because
Josh I think I think what it's a
question of is like um like a trained
fighter versus of bear yeah I had I had
primal power yeah josh is the raw animal
power whereas Jay Mohr has like a like a
cut and sharpen oh geez oh no we died on
top of each other oh no oh you disappear
go running away from the ghosts okay
slack but anyway I would I would not
like to suggest the James Beard in my
beard or anything but friendly I've
heard him talk I've heard otherwise
I've heard your beard beard stuck I do
shit jack what you're scaring me it's
true
yeah Jay has the GQ beer absolutely
that's true
I'm sure Jay takes time to oh man he
rates his beard and Josh it has so much
animal power just in Josh binder that it
comes out of his beard oh why can't a
good panel you saw it it's cuz I said
fine
here I'll watch I'll watch the fight
from over here well Oh what just
disappear again
how is this cream everybody ha ha ha oh
this is fun right fine it's fun I'm
having fun I'm having fun this is this
game this is it's this is one of those
wonderful nostalgia trip how do I get
down
it's a wonderful nostalgia trip because
this is a game that I thought was
amazing when it came out
and now it's so obviously not but I
remember I mean I have so many hours in
stand oh my god yeah came out our
runways I'm ready Jesus Christ
Oh stay back
bigotech dear Lord
gotcha ah you can't be my tactics I'm
running away
ooh mad tactics you know mad mad James
Bond tactics oh hey are you in the
hallway stuff oh yeah ha so much slapper
bars oh oh
my AK I'm sorry Maya came here for the
mustard discussions oh hey listen listen
we can still talk about a1 sauce I you
know a 1 sauce barbecue sauce in general
really I've never much cared for
you're not like wings ribs wings ribs
nothing if there's like I enjoy wings
and ribs but not barbecue sauce Wow
barbecue sauce is vile
yeah I don't even Edwards anymore for
that just vinegar knows like well first
off that's not a problem for me because
I fucking love vinegar pan there you go
vinegar chips saw them on the mouth the
water is right yeah can't can't take my
tactics
amad spy tactics killing spree
dominating that's a quake right oh wait
a minute came in last place and Ellen
there at meet a dead parrot Harris okay
different level yeah not instant kill
and rocket launchers complex uh regular
yeah now the other thing is we can
change it to the active 5 points 10
points 20 points
oh sure let's do let's do five points
okay so that's quick yeah quick one
rocket rocket rocket also what enjoy
doing a quick one with uh proximity
mines because those are fun oh yeah yeah
what kind of magnet doesn't like
barbecue sauce and this guy right here
Oh show how show and with you without
you oh yeah over Judy house show rocket
launch air that's funny
rocket launcher rocket launch air that's
fine let's plug it sorry I'm looking at
that joke okay I went to a home and
played missed why would anybody want to
go home and play missed all right we
don't have the rocket lunches right away
okay yeah you gotta get around
put and ammo just keep your mind it's
been
this little rifle
are you guys getting miss you what
happened I don't know I don't have a
weapon
what is jumpin unarmed woman yeah well I
try I did
oh oh you ran up to Vinglish I do in the
face right you killed yourself jack did
I yeah how is that possible uh rocket
came back and got it
son of bitch all right
I don't spawn by where you are in this
one I am it's not any of those so rifle
it's just on the ground yeah you just
got a runner entity clients all right so
fine so we're you killed
it's come back here to you that would be
stupid
haha why would I do stupid oh oh right
just be good question Oh still this much
oh yeah this is a seeker right yeah duty
oh I'm diehard up in this do - - - - did
you do do do do body you're a dad I'm a
bad bad a bad but better better mo
killin
I got dumped dumped to go oh we go yeah
great silent are you so bad a lot did
you die it didn't kill me where are you
not only only we'll have a way to kill
someone stop
you don't know I bought him hate so much
you said you should something was that
bad
ah it's pretty bad no it's I mean but
it's like like when you're saying at the
time at the time I was playing better
games on the PC right I was right behind
you
Oh
fuck away cuz then you died oh well you
know sometimes let's forget it
hedge it oh ah - here vinegar I do like
salt vinegar chips actually I like
something okay I like a girl it's use it
in I use it about as much as I use
garlic which is to say it not
ah that's hair hey what's down there
little kick
look okay Fieldy Slappy's I wanna go
away
keep your distance I didn't have a gun I
can do like defend myself with jujitsu
oh oh oh dear oh rich quit being a hack
fraud and say something
um I'm it takes all of my concentration
to use these poor controls going the
wall over here
Oh what the fuck let's pull you up for
the fuck of it fuck fuck jack fuck hey
you guys like that sanic and knackles
game that they're cool you know I've
never played that particular one sanic
and apples are you talking about a
Macklemore makam look so what you're
talking about
um Elvis - Elvis gave me some great
advice I need to remove Kelvin you're
absolutely right
Elvis Elvis remove remove skeleton what
does that mean um it's a way to get
better at games
if you remove skeleton you can move
faster general
it's also paint people started saying in
the streets and
oh I emptied the clip on you and you're
still alive
and he put them at you on your still hot
fucking fuck fuck fuck bitch what
it's not what what do you I say oh my AG
has some great advice for your rich yeah
I you need to hunker down I wish I could
i missus hunkering down oh I like I like
tactics and nod ice-skating whoa
this game is like ice skating well what
do you want good see that's how you do a
rocket launcher yeah oh yeah we need to
rocket more people
yeah I'm trying listen pruney toes I
will try to stop sucking ah it's fine
he's not gonna happen
oh she is right where is that coming
from using a good question search these
a good point that Rockets how much
meteors our rocket launcher around here
somewhere right
yes Oh someone's gonna die
it's probably gonna be me oh no it's
rich
you get out of your telephone my rocks
can't get the Rockies I can't get all
Rockets son
oh I had I have at least two Broncos hey
don't step up in the head sister that's
all that is I'm trying to try to talk
big so you don't see my blog your bar
okay don't see my blade your blade
you'll see miss you come to class
oh you got nothing you till you tag me
with the with the rocket yeah I got out
of the way pretty quick yeah that's
fucking right I did
Ted tags you good who Rockets boomer
office oh no rockets
none of us unlike E my rackets your
rickets
oh my Rankin and the rickets why where
your fuck is everybody
oh right here hi know what Oh Rick is uh
I forget
yeah rocket launching for the wind is
what happen fun with this
doing alright guys this is good fun are
they saying step in the stream I don't
use pine resin yo okay hi members when
we played a game called Dark Souls
there's apparently many means o souls
game God and people now tell us Dark
Souls things right ah oops
okay okay now you know and you can't
camp in this game you know you got to do
you don't you gotta do you gotta get in
there oh you're right in there I'm
getting in there
I am I'll only serve you for so long you
know
ah well you should learn about getting
in here ya know know about the campus
not camping wait I lost who is this what
are you people doing here
where am I let's let exploded okay I
pick it I want three rocket Betsy
unsuccessfully at me yeah
where are you okay yeah I finally got
you know I got real rich you're rich I
wasn't me that's that's oh I was firing
at rich yes you were oh oh that was a
question sorry I asked a question I was
firing at rich yes that's how that was
supposed to work all right good getting
out of here cuz you know why I'm getting
in there that's what you get gentlemen
in you don't know what to get now that's
what I always say
I say you gotta get on with the game
never heard you say that I say it
literally all the time oh I just
remembered something I had to do okay
your life yeah okay well you guys can
keep yeah okay I'm gonna do
thank you killing you guys Oh slam today
you fuck all you have to do is say hey
could you pause it when I'm done it
would have done it for you pause and see
it's worth it cuz now rich is having a
good time the noise is poor Jane Fonda's
making up look stage forever I know
probably got Bobby I'm around yeah you
finally kill me yeah that's look like 10
minutes constant slapping okay business
business done business done nobody close
where are you know rich
and some very important business
kasher oh oh
either I can either rocket get a rocket
get or I can get a runny - right
rocket doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
deee okay fuck fuck fuck
running running strafing some of you
terminated its everyday we get you I'm
gonna get you oh okay okay
rip Elmer regular patina render what
anyway
oh yeah see you don't even know where I
am dude I could be right fine
what you going cuz you have to die no ha
ha ok very first rich will happens when
you spend all that time
slapping James Lana I want a one anyway
that's 5 bit 3 yeah I'm just saying this
good for you haha alright uh what's
happening uh I don't know I'm reading or
doing it um what are you talking about
yeah you get that if you subscribe you
get a pizza roll
no you got a pizza roll next to your
name and then you can use the Showbiz
Pizza bear and the other emoticon oh my
god and when or if we play XCOM against
you you get a character named after
yourself
which Jack will probably kill yeah so
yeah no there you go
let's see here well yeah I'm gonna play
a real game now
hunker resin we don't have real games
we're playing at 64 today Oh Jack in
your opinion is this game uglier than
doom
yes and I've ad month I love the sprites
in Douma you hate doom no you know what
I love the sprites but it's an ugly game
like though all the walls are brown and
the floors orange animus primal I will
sign your poster but did you order it
already
um how many months of attended not many
thanks I'm here there's something in
that it needs to be signed oh sorry
oh there might be it oh there is opposed
to them okay this is the first time Josh
better in a while so yeah it's a little
bit yeah yeah I'll sign it don't care
it's mine sign anything case we're gonna
see it can hit start ginger can you do
that
oh sorry what is it possibly I was
reading good for the jam ah okay uh I
don't wanna do proximity mines why don't
owe her yeah I'll do proximity mine and
then we can move on so have you played
any of the source port some do know
didn't people people update that game
yeah I like fans yeah Oh every I like I
like the source engine I'm familiar with
the source engine so
I know there's one called doomsday that
prettied it up a bit
okay I'm gonna switch you know I won
that last one so I'm gonna be James Bond
now sure okay yeah I'm gonna be Myshkin
I don't even remember who Michigan
wanted so say he was the Russian wasn't
me I don't fucking know the name like
that he probably was sure I guess
okay so you gotta go yeah what when we
play now uh proximity buying oh I did I
did look into adding smirking Jesus as a
motor motor come on uh it's too it's too
complicated you guys we're gonna get it
I'm gonna add a new face and a buck on
we're still playing the best father here
yeah and Jack is in the top right corner
josh is in the top left corner riches in
the bottom of fuck pine tar no odd job I
think that's what we'll do next is we'll
just play a little bit of the
single-player mission to unlock ah yeah
oh sure
do we need to win the whole game to
unlock on job I don't remember I don't
this is just a scan of his eye he's
short and that that can be that can
definitely be an advantage ah
and especially for slackers on my also
think we should check
we might be if there might be because
this game had been played before we
might have a different level where odd
job has been unlocked oh yeah let's
check that kill streak - you haven't
killed chica - yeah - true
troopers the trooper the trooper trooper
luck you did you were nominee wasn't you
before the chip who's real yeah well not
the tuber but don't forget that Cooper
is actually cheaper did we do that for
an episode no not yet oh oh not yet oh I
want to I want to do it right that a sec
little episode I love him so much
dad I like doing yoga we haven't seen I
like that but now that one's too good
rich and I know I know and the thing is
we also have a lot of Steckler movies
that we haven't seen and he was very
prolific oh there any kind of health
packs this game does it reaches bot just
the body over buddy I'm we're kind of
acts like a fact when you get hit
there's the blue bar and the AH and the
red bar the blue bar is your armor and
the red bar is your health the red bar
only goes down if the blue bar goes so
theoretically
you could have
keep getting dryer
I'll finally killed someone almost I
didn't I did it this is oh this is so
ugly casual bridge wants a whole pack
what's wrong with wanting a health
health packs oh that's mine haha I have
yet to get anyway - I have a ton of
sugar people much more fun what I have
plenty of guns listen listen to the Mad
Bomber here good the Mad Bomber with
bombs at midnight midnight member
whatboundaries minute that's what it is
do this and I say I say yeah maybe here
you hear the right kind of crazy for me
baby
man my romantic midnight baby oh yeah I
mean that mama what bombs at midnight
greatest hair dude
techno you guys gonna watch the ticket
no I'm not done fixed at ya
ah when bombs be yo where the bombs beat
we're gonna make horns I'm gonna get me
of that one can we keep failing to fund
the downstairs I don't there's an
upstairs that's where I am isn't it I
have yet to be upstairs escapes
electrons like crap yeah it's pretty bad
no how do i how do i oh oh hey hey home
stairs
knocking finally ok now it's time to oh
that almost killed me
vacuum ha ha ha and thank you oh and I
won five seven pounds are great um so
yeah let's hey ho asshole just
subscribed thanks o ass ok that's a
great name Mario Kart Wii U's still $40
I can explain that it's a great game so
done
dupa dupa do just taking some time to
band some users everybody just ban into
music hey don't you worry about nothing
let's ping a bit oh we're not gonna talk
about that yet oh let's see yeah I have
not played don't starve I hear really
good things about don't start guardians
of the galaxy
yeah we don't talk nothing no saving
yeah alright alright exams in I'm sure
Mike and Jay will have something to say
mine well not not tonight no we'll wait
oh all right it's very good wants to be
Bend should ban him you want Barry Fred
one sees money we can make that happen
you do not joking if you're excited
about the I mean I'm good about the
event no lots of people asking to get
banned all right yes sir having a good
time yeah it likes to throw the ban
hammer down it's true well you know and
you guys know what to do if you want to
get past it
easy cuz cuz I have intense about
guardians of the galaxy I do we do
I don't we might have to save them for
next week I'll just real quick okay
flawed uh-huh but fun okay I want to see
character wine nice these are not
alright unlocked okay um
Jack: Oh, should we talk about that...Josh?
Josh: Hm?
Jack: Should we talk about...
Josh: Oh...yeah. I mean, I have a, I have a nickname. It's Wizard. It's, it's not that exciting a story. I've just had it for a really long time.
Jack: People have asked us in the stream before. And our answer is always, because he's a wizard.
Josh: Yeah.
Jack: And so, but we, I, I don't know why you're called The Wizard. I just call you Josh, cuz...
Josh: It's okay. It's just a nickname that I've had for a really long time that just was, you know, something that stuck with me. I don't really give a shit about explaining where it came from, cuz the story's not that great. It's not that exciting. It's not gonna be, like, aha, now I know it. It's, you're gonna know it, and then that's it. Like, it's not fun. Um, it's fun if you know the people that are involved, and I promise, you don't. So, it's not that exciting, so just accept that it's a nickname I have. It's not a big deal, and don't worry about it.
Jack: There you go.
Josh: And it's a nickname I still use because people repeatedly call me it.
name at the gaya Shannon branch
um Josh where did you get that robot
capturing oh uh that we actually oh here
we go oh here we go oh forgot some odd
jobs and some jobs and stuff some stuff
uh we actually actually had that made um
there wait we had the design Chloe her
friend Chloe made that design and I
thought it was really good and I know
I'm not a virgin you idiots um I had her
send that to me and then I had a friend
of mine in Detroit
who's a really good guy who's uh oh god
I'm gonna have to think of this company
I feel that it's a wizard because he
made it magically made his virginity
disappear into a vagina Wow
ha ha ha that's right
I made my virginity disappear into a
Virginia he waved his magic wand over
and over again and then and then
something appeared I'm sorry that's way
better than my women in the actual story
so I'm not rolling with it it's good
anyway we only made 10 of them um so
it's not anything that you can purchase
anywhere it's a special fun thing that
we have then right we get to lord over
you I guess very few people have the
special fun teacher here because we're
part of a cool Club and it's the club is
called the cool the cool people calm
private I've I've had to yes I got I got
the shirt right and I had foolishly
worked the studio yeah and I was
painting something in back and I just
just real quick I didn't realize and I
the can pointed the wrong way I just
picked up ah just that I was just gonna
give some a quick spurt and I sprayed it
right on the shirt and you can media
farcical II sprayed yourself with a
backwards yes yes just thinking about
the the physical comedy of that affected
if it was a bit that was filmed it would
have been very ever happy honey but as
it turned out I had another shirt being
Richard sighs so marriage has it and
everything's hunky-dory again um yes
it's that same Chloe Chloe is on the
message board she draws a lot of funny
pictures yeah she's very talented artist
ah
I don't know they're making vagina too
high okay Oh rich for character Regina
Jo my sister didn't thumb
I hate proximity months okay richness
your do lasers we can do whatever you do
laser you know we've talked about books
before I don't know if I've mentioned it
on a stream yet I just read wool
have you read hey I got red wool wool is
a is a collection of self publics it's
like a collection of six short books
that was self-published online only and
it became such a big online phenomena
then they actually published physical
books and I believe there's a movie
option it is an amazing real fennely
waiting for some of head start uh I was
talking I didn't want too much time
while we playing it's all gone oh yeah
so I think I wanted everybody to be
paying attention hours oh uh wool
post-apocalyptic world that takes place
in a giant silo so the humans of with
your live in a giant silo and the
majority of the time is just spent
walking up and down the steps of the
hundreds and hundreds of floors it's
brilliant so people just walking around
makes for a compelling book
yeah I'll trust you though it does well
I mean Lord of the Rings y'all oh if you
find that compelling well well yeah and
it's you know it's a little bit about
it's like it's got a little a little bit
of a mystery element to it ton of great
sci-fi stuff really really neat
but you get the laser it was it was one
of those books that I started reading
and then decided to take an entire day
off of work just to finish me
well I mean not lucky me just because I
had to work extra hard the second day
well no let's still which lucky you need
to take off them what they work in true
that is yeah when you kill me by
slapping aren't you I'm gonna try I'm
the the great and terrible thing about
working for yourself is you can choose
what days off you have the terrible
thing is you never choose a day off
because you always have to work
I guess you forget you ever read the
name Greg sister book about Tommy Wiseau
and all the disaster or disaster artist
fantastic I really enjoyed that book I
mean the thing is that oh Jesus Christ
fucking later the thing is probably
that's it I that the story of Tommy is
so much more interesting than the movie
the room the room is is always
interesting
there definitely interesting but the
thing is the room is is sort of a fixed
object you see once you kind of get it
when you read the story of Tommy Wiseau
there is so much more that you don't
know that you just scream okay I think
that was a part of the rooms charm
though who's Tommy like having you
knowing that he was the writer/director
star yeah I'm I'm just killing it here
okay well you have the laser the laser
is fantastic dude and so uh you know
much like our love for Len once we
started watching Len movies like him
being the visionary was part of our love
you know sure um a club ooh I got a clam
clan
I got a club at play so disaster is you
recommend yes fuck fuck fuck fuck
oh I danced five kills I didn't dance we
ha ha Monisha last opera house down to
one help I mean yeah there you go um the
controls still sucked by the way I'm not
enjoying I am enjoying this but I don't
I don't like this game down that's
because I'm winning that's fine
um but yeah just Tommy was so is such an
interesting person and there's a lot you
know it that book very interestingly
doesn't um the more you learn about
Tommy the more questions you have it's
really just my weight if that's true
then uh huh and yeah it's a very good
read okay that's good it's always nice
yeah um so we did that anything else you
wanna fuck around with um you know we've
been at it for an hour let's take a
break okay cool
hey guys we're gonna take a little water
break I'm gonna run a commercial it's
gonna be super fun that's priming this
that could be fun but I'm gonna need
these things and then we will talk more
about condiments and books while we
finish Orton's we'll get
you
