Punch Out Wii - Sick and Tired (Part 2)
September 17, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2gYnJJh4dWw

that's it what the bangles are you know
punch left and right okay watch me in
the face
down is duck and left or right or
dodging you decide if you get a star
which you get sometimes yeah that's the
special punch that's that button the a
button or the special punch if you count
we have to earn those though okay and oh
I was like what I'm saying I know how
you're supposed to do it that doesn't
mean that I will do it correctly but
we'll see James give it a shot this is
Jay everything all right
Jay's getting punched in the face oh
it's not looking good never say that
again yeah I just yeah can I get up
let's try this again
yeah I apologize jack Jamie he's our man
if he can't do it then ritual you know I
just think what I was making fun of you
for doing right why am i shaking up
sometimes you can actually get a splash
chance oh so put his mother's leg down
it's really it's really awesome but then
you lose anyway no all right it's just
punch out now but yeah they don't have
Mike Tyson associated with it for some
days because he raped a woman
I'm going to hate this could not
all right ladies good enough Senate
fucker take it like a Polaroid picture
just freely do you want to try what if
it is your nose no that's okay okay all
right I'm done I'm taking over we've
seen too much of this guy and I need to
step in and settle things down settle
down so it was the main boss it's not my
face
mr. Sandman looks suspiciously like Mike
Tyson yes Oh sounds like he's saying
Dyson the bagless
thanks for coming by
your hedges I'm being distracted by
careers you're good at jokes thank my
wife friends what what magic it's funny
uh-oh
thank you
ya know they're gone already finally
those guys oh by the way this isn't
Jenny Moore it's been rich for a while
oh yeah someone will say a new day has
gotten farther than it and it lets us
know rich is taking over rich actually
knows how to play this game I mean no I
sure next time you
Oh dick disappeared and shit like an
asshole huh for what how what do you
want - I'm feeling better
I know I'm just the power of punch-out
it has has revitalized me yes he dumped
my Cosette
doesn't think I'm glad you're feeling
better
it's boring as hell
oh look at him it's actually easier than
quite tiger oh yeah yeah pain in the ass
I'm gonna kick it up Michaels fucking
ass okay white never forget what never
forget what Carl Winslow as the shitty
train he doesn't look like I ever get
trapped in a building with a bunch of
terrorists though I know he's got my
back that's right that's right
the power of punch-out so next time you
get a call a couple rounds punch it I'll
be fine and everyone I need to make
peace
because I can still play this they don't
need to make another one I know what I'm
doing that was impressive
fuck off
you have to lay punches and when does
let go you can catch them in our
infinitely oh my god is everyone taking
fuck your notes this is amazing this is
amazing
Oh beat is too different
hey KJ TVA thank you for subscribing you
subscribed because rich is fucking on
the right and punch out punch out hi
we're gonna go at least go through all
the fighters I mean in this game and
then we gots to well and we'll try a
little multiplayer
I mean rich will win but this game does
something neither the original 2d where
you'll see that when we get
come on more bike riding this is the
only cutscene will flip up the only cats
approval because it reminds me a variety
that's a training mustache cutscene
jackboot the world is about to end I
approve of two cutscenes this one and
then want an original punch-out
rich because not Jesus that's true
that's true
it's some of the simulator guys I'm
gonna be rusty oh my god he just didn't
he just walk away yep this Aaron Ryan
he's from the Super Nintendo oh yeah
super punch-out yeah okay
oh he's Irish yeah hey cheese oh my god
I'm Irish I find this offensive exam
summertime oh shit
alright fair enough he's flying Ryan
quince omneya first of all great name
quince on Mac secondly thanks for
subscribing we appreciate it
nice you have one mesh I'm a full
fucking no I'm just gonna save you your
machine this is all getting me back from
Mario Kart and I and I'm okay this is a
cheating bastard
and she messes Oh going around to going
around too bitch sumbitch nearly flowers
nearly flawless she man rich Evans he's
more machine than man now
that's a good point the fight you call
the his head-butting cheating as if
using teleporting magic wasn't cheap are
there other rules against teleporting
magic are there rules against I don't
know anything about boxing I can only
assume that there are rules against
teleporting foxy I don't think they
thought to do that or if they did
someone would make that rule right
nicely done
beyond intimate says hatred to Jack I'm
wearing my punch-out t-shirts today
congratulations
I would like to have fun did we make a
Phantom Menace reference I don't think
so
bring it someone is saying that there is
definitely rules against my pudding yeah
um you know I don't know there's nothing
to know about pockets get him get him
helicopter the rules don't say a dog
can't buy but nobody has written a rule
against teleporting they just don't
exist because nobody can do it so if
somebody ever figured out how through
meditation to teleport sure then it
would be perfectly valid there's
probably a rule about leaving the ring
but yeah the seven-week the ring or just
teleporting bill their spot in in this
game that he disappears and then
reappears
so that would be leaving
one
everything is a fans of minutes
reference it's true the Indian guy was
saying dioxin not Dyson owe you one
that's a fun game this is this is a fun
game night that must stop for you
because you you despise the word that
just hurt my soul I'm so famous isn't it
I apologize later later when we play
Team Fortress 2 you'll think it's like
yeah it's a mad game we all have we all
never mr. Sam business in the center so
it up up in speed
Moses what was his name in the arcade
the arcade it was vodka from vodka drunk
Steve come on come on Nintendo
oh my god what is your name see how it
shows up here Oh David called during
1996 just subscribe thank you for
subscribing happy
handsome emoticons they're great jeez
loves you practical touch-ups oh I
apologize you can give a big boycott for
my main man jeez brick for the sub type
Victor birthday boy said that look like
the prereqs to do did it look like to
happen the Backson
k j p b8 do you do you have to throw
here's your sub are you new sub
congratulations
but something is subscribing that peter
oh yeah there's my main man geez
they're just too good at games
Jane Jack have not talked about the AVGN
movie and we will on another screen
maybe next week if we if we have a group
stream next week Wednesday and Jays
around we need some time we need some
time to discuss there's some stuff you
knocking bottle out of his hand he gets
more help
oh look judge Callis is a quick glance
at the new Jesus I come looks like a
gorilla from the original Planet of the
Apes I agree it was tough to cut out his
head because there was like a shadow
behind his head work where the cross was
so I wasn't quite sure where the hair
ended and the shadows third in some Jack
can you have me by slop bucket oh and
Jesus Christ I'm gonna take a picture of
Rich's snot bucket and put it up on the
Twitter later cuz you guys need to see
that
um SOS is the best
SOS song I agree with that by the way
SOS is the best baby before it gets
crazy town why am i a serial killer now
you're a what rich Evans is a serial
killer you've been killing everyone in
the ring alright alright I'm not leaving
the white dead just mostly dead oh
that's a good question where did you
guys get that raccoon sweater that shows
up in all the elbe everything I don't
really know where that came from
that's a great sweater Mike okay that
I'm assuming they just found it a thrift
store and were awed by it would be my
guess was the first appearance in the
space cub wasn't it it was in the
original space tantrum yeah and in Laura
wore it in in the great space gym
probably I'm not gonna tell you about my
ice copter game cuz it got color now I'm
just making regular coffee
Jesus Christ rich you are maddening I
can't believe how good you are they be
scared yeah season I can't believe how
good I will do like we go thrift store
shopping I go first there's nothing I
know Mike J do the same to look for
props all the time I don't I won't say
weekly but a couple times a month I go
to good girls and we have this great
thing in Wisconsin in southeastern
Wisconsin called seven mile fair and
basically oh my seven mile fair is
literally a giant garbage rummage sale I
go to seven live there all the time
and we did you just beat him in like a
minute and 10 seconds absolutely
Oh someone asked me about the picture of
rich as a baby that's a picture of
riches a big practice I'm kind of rusty
I wouldn't even or practice said this
before I could really do a speed room oh
my god I wonder how fast he could do
this and just in just ever need to do
reacquaint myself super macho man we've
got like a massive fucking joke
whose house is the Plinkett house do you
mean the set yeah Rich is definitely got
speed on this game
picture of the old lady ladies what
picture just John kilo oh that's a good
idea
Elvis dumbest says when are we going to
get shirts and mugs etc of baby wrench
that's a good idea and I want to mention
that to Jesse the next time I talk to
your baby picture and super macho man is
layers
okay it sounds like he's saying my balls
Oh asshole would wear a baby Richard you
guys we are officially on we are
officially on baby Richard
chap you go to marsh cheese castle I
love it
fucking fuck
nice get bragging get smash down that's
how first that's exactly what happens
which is Greek tragic hero and hubris
this is fatal that was really funny I
mean yeah it's fun
enjoy the I don't know literally J I
don't know what it is with people who
post the same question over and over
again I mean yeah sometimes we just
don't we you know we can't read the chat
and so posting the same question might
get us to read it other times we just
have no interesting response exact we
don't feel the question sometimes yeah
if you just we just have nothing to add
to your questions we don't answer time
for mr. ray
well Rock Knight X I'm sorry that I've
never read any of your questions
sometimes the jack goes by a little too
fast
can I get any comment on the notion of
putting a hot sauce on a salmon I have
very strong feelings about sandwiches
I'm okay with hot sauces in general so
do what you go to if you feel like hot
sauce is a appropriate condiment for
your sandwich I say go for it
that's all to some people aren't hot
sauce fans but yes you do what you gotta
do
and you read my question says the liquid
is formidable also if you ever really
fucked up neighbor it's hard for me to
read your question because you have a
really fucked-up name have you shot that
has prereq yeah we shot a little bit
today we shot a little bit of the
gameplay today and now rich and I are
gonna go home and play the game
individually and then we'll shoot the
discussion you played a lot more nice I
give it some time for this pure Captain
Jack I'll swallow says read my name Jack
is it because you have a name that
alludes to coming and reading it
and banned for life says Jack are you
jealous riches stardom I'm jealous of
riches awesomeness son ciao I wish I was
just gonna punch out
so what it's asking it says someone has
asked me what the usual process for
making a prereq episode is first we
decide on the game obviously usually the
first time we play it will be the the
recorded time that the time you guys see
here in the screening then we each play
the game individually and we come back
and having discussion it's that easy and
then I edit it usually I edit the
Congress oh my god did you win yeah
usually I work on editing the discussion
first and then add in the long gameplay
moments as they're needed
Jack do you wish you could be rich
nobody wishes later too much if that
meant leaving this gonna punch out you
know know so many nice things you have
nice things in your life Prince J
minigame
it's a minigame way to do some of those
letters are like backwards and like see
that H subside don't go there's a forms
of a name you have to punch the
incorrect things yes
the exhibition points that I upside-down
H this one and then the bathroom
superzero
in this box I
time for checkers yeah
also I can't believe that people are
still wondering what that song is that
we use at the end of the freeride keppa
so it's just like a youtube whose stock
song it's it's called do or die by
Stewart bogey or bogey by Stewart bogey
it's been answered a zillion times
Stewart rookie do or die
do we pick games based on personal
preference yes interesting okay yeah we
usually yeah where's like like for
example invisible ink this is a game I
would normally say no to body that led
to a greater early access discussion so
I was okay with that because they gave
us something to pump even though there
wasn't a ton of gameplay to comment on
me talking like Mario Kart is just a
game I was getting no matter what and it
was bigger titles so yeah we do Mario
Kart like titanfall was a bigger title
so we wanted to do that sonic places
what we try to mix up yeah classic newer
indeed bigger yeah so like guacamelee is
another indie
so after guacamelee what i have to think
of another
because oh my god my hypothesis after
Barca melee we're gonna have to pick it
another big title - and the numbers
reflects if anyone ever wonders like why
gamer viewers or movie reviewers choose
to do the big titles because the numbers
I really like are a dismissal I think
it's a really fine episode for use but
if you compare that one with the sonic
episode the internet has spoken that we
should only do controversial episodes of
the classic games and we don't want to
do that like the side episode was a fun
one to do I did I wanted to have that
conversation about this very good
conversation we did not do Sonic it's
just because it would be quickly knowing
the Internet of course I fuckin do is
quickly but that's not why we did the
episode I thought it was a good
discussion but so our next game will be
a bigger game just so we can try to
maintain a stable audience and the
bigger games bring in the audience
unfortunately did you or did you ever
beat Mike Tyson in the original
punch-out yes I I did my adulthood it
was one of the proudest moments yes this
you have to defend your title
yeah you go everybody again and there
much fun that's great
we're not it effectively doubled the
number of boxers that's awesome by the
way we're not doing destiny I don't give
a fuck about destiny nobody can explain
to me why that is game is interesting
what is unique about it what is special
about it I just don't give a fuck so
even though destiny would be there and
they wouldn't get out in time know all
the time we actually by the time we get
done with call Camille and by the time
we get done with destiny it wouldn't be
on time but we will be a bigger game
whatever big game it looks perfectly
generic and passable I'm sure it's fine
what was the day there's a there's a
great article on Kotaku at the other day
that it's another look at glass Joe oh
you can't put you in the face because it
just does nothing oh yeah
but uh because of middling review scores
Bungie is like missing out on
Oh for destiny yeah for destiny that's
getting middling scores yeah like it's
fine acceptable so we're not gonna do
this me but yes we will choose another
triple-a title one will probably do it
we'll probably do another big recent
title and then and then another
Frenchman that'll be I don't know if I
have any more I don't know if I have any
more controversial opinions on what your
titles
normally I think it's funny that he gets
it yeah that's great if you you know
this is a little-known famous game if
you lose a hundred times yeah I just
like the idea that he is a professional
boxer facing the champion of the world
and he puts on a fucking oh my god
you're right I do have a controversial
opinion on retro game - oh I think Doom
is ugly I think you're a monster
oh man do an episode on how shitty Final
Fantasy 9 is that he'll be quick to
throw up yeah I play it I played a lot
of the Final Fantasy games
uh-huh
they're fine I just I have I always have
a problem with you I was having from an
idea to the grind you can't beat the
boss until you cry number lungs let's
see here
doom is a national hero hey listen
listen I understand the importance of
duty
that doesn't mean that it hasn't aged
it's fine
oh my god could you imagine if we did
one of the Final Fantasy games first
dream we'll do that for one of our like
36 hour charity stream this is there
anything duller than classic RPG combat
any RPGs remembers in the combat to
windward don't have an offense like you
get into that like classic turn-based
combat RPGs like I can get into some of
that it's it's when it's when the grind
started oh yes yes I agree
here's the spread that's on fun why
don't you do it a thousand times
wait what
Jack I'm taking my money out of the
patreon because of you jack
Jack's got Jack I have nothing to do
with the patron why are you taking a
patron take it out of this purse which
Street I don't shit I don't do the
patreon Jack what game do you think has
the most unwarranted secrets but Dynasty
Warriors I think that's not a good
answer I think we already figured that
out like unwarranted and it wasn't good
in the first place but keeps going on no
I almost want to say Assassin's Creed
but Beckett might get really good I
can't get past my part no the first
Assassin's Creed was all right they had
some good ideas but I can never get very
far into it as I just got one yeah I
actually had the first acessories III
I'm glowing I stopped talking
I thought the first Assassin's Creed was
really good and has some neat ideas that
they needed to flesh out and then these
subsequent sequels have chosen every
other not good idea to flesh out okay
Pikachu what a fuckin Jew Pokemon you
talking about Pokemon Pokemon all day oh
yeah that's a good you know what the
weird thing right the resident the
original Resident Evil games we're never
we're never a favor the times I really
liked Resident Evil 4 was that the one
that came up in the Gamecube
hi-de-ho I've never paid that much
attention to raise Latino games
listen twitchplayspokemon settle down
these are gonna be no Pokemon tight for
you although I love Pokemon never
reaches never played come on I was an
adult when Pokemon started coming out me
too
I still fucking love Pokemon I just I
just don't get any warm nostalgic
feelings from buddy also you don't like
very big yeah
Pokemon gets it come on get it fucking
love Pokemon I'm not saying that's gonna
be ours our classic our classic game
previously recorded quick babe episode
no I hate it I'm just I've never played
this clearly aimed towards younger
younger audience and I was I was either
in high school or college I should start
with coming up yeah so is something
as an adult you know that's a very
popular franchise like excuse me but I
absolutely understand why their
characters Disney characters it's a
great was very I think there are RPGs
that don't have the grime dinos we're
leveling we're leveling feels natural
and that's one of the things but the
Pokemon series does really well is
they're very they're very few times
where you feel like you have to grind
you know you can you can go through the
story of the game without grinding
fourloves it's all in lasting
progression getting Pokemon learning
moves leveling up as though but I like
exploring the tones I like talking to
the tones people I just said you got
your guys on the lap their guys on the
right next turn highlight attack yeah
but there's more to it than that you
know there's like you can give them
status ailments and that has to affect
what you ninety-nine percent of the time
the most official thing you do is click
on attack every single fucking turn
I hate classic RPG combat we're gonna
play some Pokemon music
oh it discos good he's not one to
Jazzercise no Pokemon is not like the
definition of grinding grinding is when
you're is when you're no longer playing
the story of the game you are just
you're just going for levels is when
you're just raising numbers endless
battles to raise numbers and Pokemon as
you follow the story as you get new
Pokemon as you level up your own pokemon
it's all it's all part of the journey oh
there's never any stopping just to make
number that keeps your time and I'm done
oh my god I should be keeping this ass
away
I listen I guess you know my definition
of grinding I listen I know Pokemon it's
not a horrible idea
you also the definition of probe like
has been digital years
get over it games that are now called a
roguelike would not have been called
home rolling twenty years ago but in any
case my definition of the grind is when
you are just raising the numbers and not
concerned about the story obviously as
you're leveling up again I have a three
step program for you jack is off on a
stricken hunt alone this does be sweet
alone gives a shit this is a cricket his
standing in water before yeah this early
room crushing anyone whatever I left him
alone
grinding doesn't necessarily have
wonderful I agree I agree but so like
leveling is not the same very winding
the grind is when is it work the stream
Jack cricket hunt is happening really
which place for free with what if we go
through we dislike a closed door no no I
mean it's weird yeah what put the
cricket in a jar and put the diurnal
chrome ran out of memory that's just my
chrome it's what happens when we've been
streaming for you know a bazillion hours
three three-and-a-half hour this summer
we're gonna let me go in till I die
what's the deal if you want to we're
just hanging out you go as long as you
want to go
okay you do what you do down
