Dark Sauls (with Rich, Jack & Jay) Part 3
June 4, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-io_OXwcv_8

this the bum bumper here it's like a
quicker weaker attack know what this
this thing Oh
the shield is this actually you're not
okay
that's shield okay okay when you want to
use two hands on the sword which I
assume makes it stronger
why switches between you know two hands
on the sword or okay or one hand okay
what are the other buttons this one here
that mate that makes you run okay how do
I jump there's no real jump I want to
jump sorry even roll away by moving and
pressing then that Run button okay
there's something else vital I know I'm
forgetting what is it oh you want to
block onto enemy like you want to target
them that's press this down oh it killed
the guy yep
oh I killed another guy I've used the
shield no I'm just gonna fucking kill
him
alright yeah Oh No
is he getting back up what is he doing
and where am I going
I don't know is there some we're
supposed to be going what is the point
of this game to find the thing I don't
know we don't know what we're doing with
this game Jackie's not very cool
am I really and that's how the formation
could be what's started you're not using
the LA condom that seems to be working
for you
all I'm doing I'm doing the same thing
over and over I'm just swinging hit the
blue button okay now you got more help
okay no I can't
oh and if you want to move the camera
around oh yeah okay figured that out
Scylla I see him come on fucking shit up
shame vomit is a beat-em-up all these
tables
he said fucking bitch still screw this
room fuck you table Oh
oh my god Jack I don't believe that you
could read this string here that is an
incredibly small text
your glasses that's true you might need
glasses there be a game where the whole
goal is just to go around and break all
the furniture I would have so much fun
again I think there is yes because it
gave her everything yeah we're exactly
am I supposed to be going
we don't know my dad that's find your
thing I find the way you're supposed to
go I can't tell you because I don't
really know if you see more bad guys
you're probably on the right track how
do I run I hold down the red button I
know that for sure
well this is they're like hit like a
dead end going the other way is this
going the wrong direction that's dead
outs identity yeah I felt like there was
nowhere else for me to go I know I I
know this is the way it goes so I got
further and you didn't I don't remember
what it was go straight yeah this is
where I was okay get off of me dead guy
get to that door yeah if you want
through there yeah I did go I was in
here all right now go out of there
Oh what's up those stairs I went up
that's there's like four different ways
you can go you haven't tried any of it I
tried all these I went up here and
there's just a room and nothing okay go
back now right
oh wait what's back memories out of
denim yes that was there go out of this
room I can't move the camera so you can
see the door not up or down left or
right there yeah I see that door yeah go
through that door I can't she won't let
me you can walk through it it won't let
me see look at that's not a door it's a
window that bad turn around it's behind
you that's where I just can't roll we're
going back cuz you missed away
no not the stairs yeah yeah this is it
that's where I just yeah I know go right
go right
there's nothing for this staircase ever
do let Jake play that game oh there's
the staircase I told you
that means you watch oh do I beat the
game you did you beat nothing you know
you will you win to play again
you win playing again why will you let
me swing it won't let me swing at him it
keeps turning me around
you're not doing a walk-on thing I don't
know what that means
specific guy oh and that's when you use
the camera thing you use the look-around
press that bounce hold it down like
press it in like you're jamming it into
the control pad oh I see okay that's
like a button and that will focus on a
guy okay apparently we haven't got to
the first boss yet yeah yeah we're
learning this isn't distracted not all
that serious play yeah they have to
realize that this boy we're doing a
speedrun they're letting me play so
we're doing speed run and I think we're
gonna break the record yeah
Oh fire killing that guy oh I would if
he didn't send me I'm fuckin fire undead
burg
that's it that's the name this Gary I'm
dead bird I'm Jenny J should have been a
barbarian
cuz he's just a complete utter of
deserter I'm just going for one whores
oh my god I can't see someone is asking
why I exaggerated my lab because I find
things funny
and so I expel air through my throat she
just made me do it
yeah see you see how that works when you
think something is funny you might have
everyone thinks my one that everyone
people took my last fake yeah yeah there
would be no point in showcasing it so
much if it were fake
I can't even that's the whole point I
can't recreate it like when I try when
I'm yeah but I'm not genuinely laughing
I can't make that song fuck someone else
set me on fire
that corpse tried to throw another
corpses watch out for fire you got to be
cool about Dark Souls
well you are dying a faster rate
I gotta be good at something I'm good at
dying oh my god oh god how am i doing
one more and then I'll turn it over to
someone more capable or maybe I'll just
turn over to one of you guys I'm
wondering what we should play next time
this our PlayStation 2 games at home ok
for you're a mosquito and you fly around
this house sucking the blood and family
members yeah I think I think for the
streaming odd things would probably be
fun
I don't know to all the people asking
where Mike is yeah he's on his way he's
coming here right now
and he's he's not going to talk I just
dream at all but he's just gonna sit in
this room and be quiet he told me he was
gonna play Dark Souls for four hours
yeah once he gets here he's gonna be
he's gonna play all night long he said
he was very excited oh my god
and then he asked me what an Xbox was
doing some Explorer in here why not go
the wrong way am I on the right track
now how can you say I'm going the wrong
way if you don't know where it's I mean
you go cuz I know everything mr.
mosquito I know what it's called
where am I we are asking for a Super
Meat Boy
I love the Super Meat Boy yeah simple
one to do play while spinning this
hey guys be cool about fire bomb safety
it says that's a beat I'm John
all right Pamela :
just think about that yeah
all right give me those yeah
oh shit oh shit our our maneuvering has
fucked everything up sorry everybody
everything's fucked playing did you plug
this in no sound oh sure okay do it
alright um did you play any Castle
Crashers no I played a little bit of it
and it was it got really boring really
fast I don't know which one that is
that's the one where you're you're like
the tiny knife with a giant head and
it's like a hack-and-slash it's an aside
crowing aside it's just it's very
repetitive it's cute it's game is
two-player I haven't gotten a chance to
play it to player or kill them I'll
press it to kill all the orcs or courts
must die must die yeah the second one is
a multiplayer co-op hmm and I wouldn't
mind a chance to play that with other
people
yes we have seen an American movie of
course we have because it was made here
what's his name Chris Chris Chris Smith
be walking premiere that yeah walking
Mike shank set right next to me yeah and
20 minutes into the movie he got up and
then he just never came back so my
cousin used to work for Christmas yeah
when he was making his like he's making
like a an India documentary a
documentary about a famous actor from
India that was one of his first jobs out
of college yeah merica movies great
that's that's just a nice documentary
beautiful well done we we see them
around every once in a while mark for
chart and and shank
Mike Mike shake used to live in my home
I got available I just don't live in his
old neighborhood if I still live there I
sell nothing must stop all yeah we've
been through we've been through Jack's
favorite tf2 classes before I main as
engineer and medic Jack look at this oh
oh my god you have a fucking axe I love
those weapons those are my favorite
kinds of weapons axes and maces and shit
murder this there's just something sexy
about a sword Jack there is you heard it
here from the first rich Evans like
sorry yeah that's that's okay if you
like a sword you can I don't have a
Dreamcast rich Evans has a Dreamcast
oh shit battle-ax oh that's great that's
great
yet no good guys don't worry he will
tell Mike that he should play more video
games we will absolutely tell him but no
I'm not gonna tell me I'm sure what do
you know sarcastic sure the anonymous
people on a stream chat think that you
should play video games I'm sure it'll
completely change his opinion absolutely
absolutely and we will tell him that you
guys think that he should play more
video games absolutely we'll have a big
conversation about it we swear and we'll
record it and put it up on the patreon
letter media patron and he tell Mike
he's a heck fraud all the time yeah hmm
and he says the same about us oh come on
people I know you could do better plate
Twin Peaks the video game does that an
actual thing or is someone fucking with
us might be I would play a 20 piece I
want to play a trauma do game but you
can't get the wrong game I can do that
next time okay
I want to play charm now I live in the
world with drawn but accidentally health
fighting a lot to lose how waste yeah
battle-ax
let's do this
guys I'm sorry we suck so much
I'm not how about that we suck that's
just the thing that happens
Tron Legacy I like Tron Legacy yeah got
a lot of shit no no it's fine I don't
look at it I love music the main guy is
sort of boring but Jeff Bridges saves it
it's got some problems it's a little
slow in the middle and a little choppy
but it's pretty
we're just looking movie and the score
is great mm-hmm-hmm I could listen to
the Tron soundtrack just just forever I
mean Jeff Bridges saves the first trunks
not like the first Tron is best
storytelling Mastiff is when people
family Tron Legacy ruin the legacy of
the legacy kind of failed movies but
they're very distinct visually there's
so much health this isn't funny
I have not seen the Tron car - and I've
heard it's good but I know there's a
Tron car - I think it's on that place oh
okay be curious Allah your corpse oh my
god you guys serious time I saw an
opening weekend in the theater you've
never seen ever seen it wow I don't know
why I just haven't seen it it's such a
good movie really yeah you're the last
person everybody else in the entire
world to see the mission through you
should really see there's plenty of 85
year old ladies I haven't seen it I
think even 85 year old ladies said oh
you should watch the nice bowling movie
yes we listen guys the be cool about
fire bomb safety is very fine oh you got
a crossbow I did nice and yes we see all
of you're telling us we should play a
deadly premonition do we know what
deadly premonition is I have no idea we
see all of that we don't know what it is
I'm sorry I'm and I'll and also shut up
in gym Gaiden we will that's it really
is I'm I'm only curious because everyone
fucking tells us to play it well it's
supposed to be bizarre yeah
tell me about Mike why does he hate
video games I listen how about this Mike
doesn't like games because they kill
productivity he's a workaholic yeah I
can't take a break he can yes it you in
in games you don't accomplish anything
except for what's in the game we could
be spending this time editing or working
on other stuff do I need arrows you
probably know enough of that in the week
this is a nice yeah oh yeah you're so
boned look at you sideways progress
going on right that's what I was gonna
say just tell us about Mike period we
will huh you know like we'll just we'll
pick a week it won't be this one cuz
we've already started we'll pick a week
and we'll just put a we'll put like a
recording on in the background it'll
just be the previously recorded local
loop and we'll just spend an hour and
we'll just tell stories about Mike and
that'll be that'll be the whole stream
you guys hear all about what a boring
fuck Mike he's good
he's our friend and generally speaking
we enjoyed his company you guys stories
one time where Mike invaded France all
right yeah we're gonna be stuck here
forever that's okay this is if this is
as far as we're getting so how much I'm
killing American style again you have
not watched it but we will I can't wait
yes we're very excited about killing
American travel I you know what I have
not seen samurai cop oh my god yeah
really wow your samurai crops okay but I
get I get bored with it because it's the
same it's the same bad thing over and
over
this guy can't this guy can't this guy
can fight his weight falls off that's
good that's good
I'm not down on the wig the wig in
general is very strange and interesting
Oh God best of the worst with baby songs
no fuck baby saw on a tcv song maybe
something was a series of videotapes I
know this because I had a little sister
that was obsessed with baby songs when
she was a baby so I saw multiple baby
songs videos
it's just songs that are aimed at babies
stupid babies stupid baby
that's funny
oh you died again and again and again
ever you want to take over okay after
I'd played this one more time oh okay
you fuck I heard some of the disaster
artist Richie read the whole thing I
enjoyed it if you're a fan of the room
that's must read it
Jack why did you make a song about going
to the bathroom because I think pooping
and peeing is funny so I made it I don't
know if you're looking for a better
incidentally and also hey hehe rhymes
with peepee
that's why I made that song was because
key here iams with pee pee so that was
it do we really work at Subway I do not
remember where that started the I don't
remember all right make sure to not talk
to anybody
oh my god
I was making no no no he was on his way
to not talk to people you you guys I was
making up that Mike was on his way but
he just came here but he's not gonna do
anything Mike you wanna play video games
he shook his head no he didn't say no
specifically because you wanted to hear
him say nope yeah Mike's the fossa hates
you okay we are dropping frames now guys
if you're experiencing glitchy video I
think I think Mike being here is making
us drew lose frame so Mike Gousha part
go it's like to read books I like to
read book oh you know what I haven't I
read a book recently and I won't say
what it is I read a book recently that
was so bad that it made me not want to
read books anymore what is that is that
a body
and like like beatbox but with that
that's terrifying where did you find
that every time
it's when I gaze fuck yeah ex I read a
book I read a book recently that was I
was really excited about reading but it
was so dull that um it made me not want
to read books anymore
Qaddafi him
so I would like to I would like to read
another book I think I'm gonna reread
Fletch I really like to Fletch
the Fletch hook you guys read the flesh
book although you're not a fan of the
movie right only because I really liked
the book you know it's one of those
situations book book wins always right
so I did not like the checker chase
movie mr. stamina is getting me til I'm
not very much essentially damn it oh
yeah yeah that's good advice thank you
thank you now it's getting me killed
playing the game yes we're gonna try
again we're inside yeah
I'll give you clues about the book I
read um it was a video game book what's
the Duma novelization it was not the
doom novelization novelization no I said
I just came out yeah mister there's a
there's a novelization of doom which is
just funny that exists come in here come
in here and fight me it's like the first
one was bizarrely a faithful adaptation
of the first game really yeah and then
this further series in the book it's
like the the author got bored said there
were really space aliens without demons
from hell
uh yeah that's that's fair that's a fair
assessment of doom how fuck you did not
call did you would be the first people
to know no you also like you didn't
leave a phone number or anything
no but there's caller ID and shit right
I don't know I don't know for voicemails
well you know I was trapped with that
airplane I really shouldn't look phone
I guess that's why we ran out of fuel
and everybody else playing died boy how
did Perry again on try pairing with the
ex don't block all the time that slows
down your stamina region okay that's
fair that is fair but I just parried the
shit out of that retrieval favorite
enemy
none we're just not enemy guys at rlm
yeah um I've seen a couple you know what
movie are we watching a while ago was
like it was a metropolis okay anime that
i really liked any of the Studio Ghibli
stuff is really fun of course everyone
likes that there's some oh there's some
fun stuff out there but you know it's
not for everyone not a lot of people
came just like you can get into cartoons
and shit stuff for some people like
returns BAM just leave them alone guys
can you just the oh oh there's some
stuff up here too
oh we've been up okay nobody's gonna let
me alone you know that's for being
richest the man the myth just makes me
stronger that's true
cool come here guys
what is your favorite coat from the blue
what kind of money followed closely by I
have breast cancer
Oh Jack do you have a favorite brain
quote I haven't seen the room to my type
it's worth it if it's earned every bit
of hype it gets waiting for the night to
settle down alright alright I like to I
like to be surprised when I go to see a
movie now oh my god I'm fucking getting
fond fire like it's that I know it's
it's a oh my god like it's that I know
it's me I'm sure I'm okay
you know it's that I know it's
notoriously bad it's so bad it's good
and so it's just yeah it just doesn't it
doesn't offer a lot to me like I yeah I
get it
oh my constant surprise cuz I don't know
what these movies are good or bad but
you don't enjoy the bad movie my best
lures know I love the bedroom it's not
the best of the worst boys there's many
different just because you know what's
gonna be bad
yeah that's why it's different doesn't
make any sense I know it's just me it's
just me rich first richest shark that
Jack hasn't watched the room but rich
hasn't seen Big Lebowski thank you come
on thank you thank you for defending you
know I'll have to take that one yeah
okay okay
I'm take over am I gonna be alone here
oh my god
oh my god just play the game cuz my
attorney I have no health potions right
there's no health potions I'm fucked
oh not that button of dem you alright
well I died I guess I'm God I'm not
talking this whole stream is crashing
and burning this rich Evans is in a room
alone playing a game I'm in the room to
know am i you are
you weren't for you I wasn't for what a
thing is why this is why I can't stream
on my own that's it's gonna be so silent
Oh keep fucking up name one funnies now
hey you guys you don't have to worry
anymore I'm bad all right here we go
here we go
what famous films have you what are
their famous films have you not seen uh
you've never seen the guy or to real
I've seen I've seen three oh my god my
grandmother would never let me out of
her sight she wanted to see The
Godfather three ended up going with her
I see we got father three all right
that's that's that's a big one yeah I
don't
so that's the biggest film I think I got
mother I've not seen Godfather two more
acceptable you've seen at least two
Godfather The Godfather
surely people see this better right yeah
well it's good yeah you kind of see the
first one oh that reminds me speaking of
movies that I own famous movies that I
own that I've never seen Raging Bull
then you own Casablanca
Castle you've never seen Casablanca yeah
I own it though
and yeah that's why I bought Raging Bull
was just to watch it and never got
around to it you've never seen
Casablanca no that's not shocking than
The Godfather
I know I think I want to Casablanca I
not in high school like in an inner
glass they never did that in any class
of Center I've ever seen it sure I
thought that's why I'm that's why I'm
more surprised at Salonika
oh you're one of those fuckers run away
run away run away don't jump
what do didn't any of you guys see that
The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus yeah
probably a sign that it wasn't there we
going
fire fire why fire I have a in general I
have a really hard time watching classic
movies because of the the pacing of
older movies is really hard for me to
deal with you know yeah yeah
but you're you're used to Star Wars in
other words I'm used to Star Wars I mean
I'm used to well just even modern
fastness it's modern storytelling where
you know a lot of older movies pre even
during you know Citizen Kane time were
they were they were just they were stage
plays films you know and it's it's hard
for me to deal with the lack of
cinematography and the lack of a
cinematic language that can I mean what
we've been killing guys for a while you
probably can level off go to the thing
good as I think do this oh go to the
thing and do the thing yep that's what
he says
Jr you sure you actually have a memory I
I was thinking about that the other day
but I don't remember the conclusion I
came to there's any good no okay I mean
Mossad coming a mile away but I know I
know it was a two of them I should have
said I have a memory I don't remember
and even that one it worked but quicker
Lee Jin but later I'm not a head no
that's the thing um no I remember plenty
of movies but there are some that just
go and help
I don't we do with anything I'm joking
now there are movies I haven't seen in
20 years of there's specific scenes that
I remember visited that's the worst part
when you think they're dead for that
like us they're how far that's delayed I
hate yeah they got a sliver of red well
it doesn't go down right when you attack
them just go back in the charger I know
that looks fun but I don't care
Jay: Are you guys actually miserable during Wheel of the Worst? Uh, a lot of the times, yes.
Rich: Frequently, yes.
Jay: Rich, especially.
Jack: Jack, especially. I hate Wheel of the Worst.
Rich: Mike, Mike gets pretty miserable.
Jay: Yeah.
Jack: I think it's the dumbest thing. I, I, I did that first Wheel of the Worst where we did Key Matters and, oh, what else did we do that episode. The first Wheel of the Worst, I did Key Matters, and some other awful bullshit, and I hated it, and I didn't want to do another one. And, you know, they needed to film another one, so we did this most recent one, and I was so fucking miserable, until we got to SOS. SOS made me believe in the wheel.
Jay: That's the magic of wheel. You can be miserable, miserable, miserable, then bam, something amazing happens.
Jack: Yeah. So, I, like, but, it's so hard to watch those, cuz even when we're watching a bad movie, there's something to joke about, you know, there, there's bad technique we can make fun of. But those videos are just, just a barren wasteland of suckitude.
Rich: I'm on a streak if not suck any well
congratulations look at look at my
health I've used no potions Oh Regenesis
that he's on the street which is
probably going to break the streak Jesus
smiled at me I know
whoever made that gift thank you
the world owes you a favor is that that
whole SOS video was a delight to watch
that's what I'm talking about
I like being surprised and genuinely
like doing fine Hey and a surprise of
stuff like now it's just so nice
discovering that and I've seen like
people posting the like the English
version that was a lot creepier now
though yeah people had brought a lot to
our attention about the people people
that made that SOS video and it kind of
makes you look at her in a different
light yeah I mean we thought they were
just like fundamentalist missionaries we
didn't know they were a cult that
abducted children yeah that was not
known to us we probably would've been a
lot more uncomfortable watching it if we
do that oh yeah yeah absolutely
they were to change the entire thing
now I've got SOS songs look at my da da
da doo doo dee dee all right now I got
it going on oh I've seen a couple
episodes of cosmos and you know it's
it's good yeah science anything yeah
it's you know like it's it's definitely
like if you're if you're into science
it's a little bit lighter fare but it's
it's very entertaining and very make
science entertaining right and it is
very beautiful to watch send and really
you know we could all listen to Neil
deGrasse Tyson read the phone book he
has a nice voice and a nice cadence to
it
what do you think Josh do I go back down
there and face that thing that killed me
before do I go upstairs and explore
explore explore because that thing you
that thing killed you without you taking
oh fuck but you're not you're not
people are saying go up the second tier
and then you see that's why I think
people like watching stuff like this is
cuz they want to fuck you are you
supposed to avoid that shit I'm prettier
probably not maybe you're supposed to
hit it with a sword can you hit that
with a sword I don't know they're gonna
tell me I can and it's gonna happen
again I'm gonna die the master key mmm
mmm that sounds fancy oh hey that was a
nice joke King yeah you got Donkey Kong
as an excellent job you build it up a
little bit too much jack oh well I
should have set the joke first and then
said yes myself but I wanted to give
props before the name scrolled by I was
I was waiting to be amazed
Oh joke people are saying don't go
downstairs still there right Jack's take
absolutely right okay I mean we're still
here we're still here
we've been here for an hour and a half
can we lock no 811 what do we have I
don't know
doesn't say I don't see where it says
trapped in a hell of her own making
okay guys we're gonna what's our goal
our goal is to get to the next bonfire
yes in general okay hey come on slowly
we're gonna play it we're gonna play
it's Mary are you still on the side of
every death you've earned um oh and you
know what you know what was working for
me in my last playthrough fire bumps
don't fight those guys
we know what's down there yeah
I firebomb the shit out of people and it
was just great
nice get out of it um every get here
yeah I mean but it's also hard like it's
a fucking hard game and that's the point
but I think I think yes there is there
is a way to use skill and I think we're
we don't have a hang
I thought of exactly see in there we
know that's just for guys to fight but
there's nothing new right well I'm just
saying for the sake of progressing in
the game I think we should avoid areas
I'm just getting rid of people yeah I
agree
I just want to I want to get rid of
people yeah why is your laugh so fake oh
because I'm a big phony where's fireball
oh here we go
how do I use that ex same way you use
the potions oh sure my mom might be
closer or turning trick targeting them
that probably works yeah cuz I was
targeting with shield guys it just
massacred the sheriff oh my god they're
watching us die in the same area this is
getting repetitive so you gotta figure
out what you're doing wrong and fix it
well we're being bad at it that's what
we're doing wrong just oh no the stream
is failing this stream is failing yeah
you see the little red line no oh oh you
just mean that we're sucking at the game
in this house yeah oh
people are not entertained by watching
us do this again heading kit it's like
fuckin ground hogs day
now okay oh you're not that good I'll
let J play again he knows what to do
yeah yeah I know sorry everybody
that was not thing to do oh my god I
quit
Duke lay there entertained by this I
mean no people might be wrong vechta
flea this is just a podcast yeah Sam I'm
wondering what type of game works best
for this what type of game works best
for this yes um I just think any game
they were playing it's the correct
answer
didn't hit anybody
no you're not what that anybody locking
on is hardened hey this way I hate that
bet it's the the right state that is the
dumbest thing hey I'm getting the hang
of this combo it's sure been why do we
can probably change it yeah maybe
why should have in lock on and the stick
should have been switched to the single
handed
oh yeah we can probably change that okay
I'm gonna lock on and firebomb hey that
works okay so now where did you go down
there down here firebomb those guys are
a bitch oh and go out that turn around
and go up the thing and there's a guy
there oh yeah yeah yeah we're gonna be
focused on this now yeah we're gonna
we're gonna get to a new area yeah we
are not paying a fee no it's good so we
apologize we're not paying attention to
chat but we are actually going to play
the game for a low good check this both
of us doing the game okay and we'll lock
on to him
get a little closer I have a fire mom
okay there's another guy off to the
right
okay well firebomb just kill him normal
I can take him okay
fuck yeah hey upstairs
don't go upstairs oh that's meant to
bear go downstairs and we're at
firebombed that guy at the door oh sure
oh yeah he just fucking ways they're
gonna check over here first he doesn't
come for me I don't know I really don't
know that's not that okay I got him I
got him I go fucking got him fucking got
him okay this is good this is all good
no that's not good that's we don't want
to go that way so we're gonna try for
firebombing this right you dodged the
barrel you dholtze you're on a staircase
were you dodge you can dodge up all
right locked on and running away that
didn't work that didn't work it off
didn't take any home today nope okay up
the stairs the black guy is going to
read yeah he did he absolutely did he's
going to kill us okay
try it again we're gonna die for the
boot fucking barrel high one guy that
this guy first and do this hi now we're
gonna take on mr. fucking bolts you got
nothing and you and light a few dead
okay no we're not dealing with them I'm
liking this renewed focus on the game
yep you guys you've got this I know
there's one fuck of the door right away
so we go like this
fuck you and fuck you and fuck you ah
and roll out of the way cuz you ain't
got nothin a note oh that's not the
button I'm interested I don't care it
looks cool you're doing this looks like
an action fight this looks like that's
cinematic it looks like an actual title
of some Van Damme shit that's right
that's right okay
alright these guys are fucked now we
worse stairs
fuck those two they're nothing
yeah there's nothing they got nothing
now I got a nine firebomb so these guys
aren't that bad walk up back off a bit
and take them out can I come on back
back she's the one with the fireballs
okay all right we got this okay we got
him another stairs take care of the
crossbow guy we are gonna do this we're
doing this fucking crossbow guy yeah all
right all right
drink a potion okay let me get my fire
bombs back okay okay okay okay okay
oh we got these fucks down here okay and
fire bomb bed and fire bomb no missin
and fire bomb
okay now this guy can take he's just one
yeah
nope you get out of my Jam's dick
back off and he'll was fierce oh fuck
there's another guy back off now I am
backing okay I'm backing off yeah I'm
gonna do fire on that was terribly
ineffective I sure was rich is a much
better player than I am renewed focus
all right Turner guys back off
oh he felt that was very convenient
great great um okay yeah I know I'm
sorry everybody
what about dying
people are saying people people are
asking us what our hobbies are our
hobbies are making videos and playing
when watching bad movies watching bad
movies is our hobby
everything you see us do is our hobby I
guess you know like the one thing I also
really enjoy board games which is yeah
my mom is really nice there cuz it gets
rid of all for ya get that power you
know what we can look oh yeah no you
don't have any salt arms 31 1003 and 76
and that's the bottom right corner isn't
it I I think it is maybe okay I think I
think we're doing this stupid we're
losing all these souls were collecting
we're not cashing them in yeah baby
fake laughing is also my hobby you don't
think laughs all right thank you I know
um I don't play tabletop RPGs I've been
playing a lot of deck building games
recently as far as like board games that
I've been playing specifically the Penny
Arcade deck building game I've really
been enjoying and the Adventure Time one
has been fun what do we want to increase
your check that vitality our health or
our strength or is is there something
that makes us like move faster I would I
would say maybe that dick steroids but
I'm Durance let's go for a Durance um
ma I can tell you what my job is it's
making videos rich what's your job
making video yeah that's what our jobs
are I I make I make web videos I make
branded viral content you've probably
seen some of them and then I hang out
here for fun rich Evans I believe acts
in several web shops and works for a
small production company you guys know
what we do for a living
nice nice rich
I'm gonna kill him this time he's just
not doing it yeah and it says they're
saying if you take the armor off or use
a lighter armor you can move faster okay
I don't play too many role-playing games
I when I was younger I tried to get into
D&D; but I never found the right group I
think I would enjoy it oh you got a fuck
following you see that I really think
that I would like Dungeons & Dragons I
just never found the right people play
with they were all kind of they were all
way too into it and weren't down with
teaching me so Oh Oh God
we got to a bad place right we got to a
fireplace fake laughing was always
parked my plane yes absolutely
some I have a hearty laugh I can't you
know there's nothing I can do about that
rich it has a hearty laugh and I find
sometimes I just find the fact that I'm
laughing funny like why am i laughing at
this and that makes me laugh harder so
these are the things that are you saying
you're in marketing I am NOT in
marketing no uh I oh we forgot about the
crossbow guides right I don't do
marketing I just I produce the videos I
work with I work with marketers I don't
like them mostly other people who I work
with talk to clients and marketers I
just try to make a stupid video that I
think will get a lot of views and
sometimes it works and sometimes it
doesn't you know the the important thing
if you're trying to make branded viral
content as far as I'm concerned is just
to make a good video that has some
branding elements to it
get there get there you got it rich nice
now he's fucking nice Guinea quick
because high fives really quick that was
really nice I have a Hardee's laughs
that's funny
classic adventure games I didn't get a
chance to play much of them we didn't I
miss your adventure game guy yeah rich
loves them I didn't east-west Space
Quest I'm excited like rich wants to
play some on the streams and I think
that's a really ok oh is this not coming
down this time alright ok we didn't have
a computer much growing up because they
said done was bad right yeah down with
down bad down back up good because as
you might know I grew up on a farm and
so we didn't have four computers oh oh
those look like interesting barrels
you should smash upload those are the
exploding barrels a fast
I have completed many games of monopoly
if you played Monopoly by the rules it's
a very fun game I really monopoly is one
of my favorites Ecuador who is there is
there a save your life is there is there
say yeah what do they call a bonfire
nearby well I can't go up okay uh hold
on hold on through it don't do it yeah
I'm doing it right now it doesn't work
up does use the pine resin before you
fight the boss what pine resin I have
pine resin
I'm Settlers of Catan yeah love settlers
I use that all the time I play that all
the time really enjoy settlers there is
no pine resin or somebody's bullshit
somebody's full of shit guys who's full
of shit I am big a bullshit
