Octodad: Dadliest Catch (Part 1)
September 24, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gPneOjrvu6Y

careful what you say about me because my
fans will tear you to shreds I have no
idea don't do that I'll do that I have
no idea what you're talking about
I've said nothing but nice things about
you all the time all the time and I say
nice things about you overlook it for
now
you'll overlook it my all overlook it we
might be might be streaming oh my god
and I'm still coughing and stuff oh yeah
oh good well that's okay I use that one
we're not using that anyway welcome to
the stream possibly audio sounds good
hey that's great all right according to
my thing we're not streaming but let me
refresh here whose dream configuration
quality is excellent all right we're act
Oh we are streaming hooray welcome this
this is Octodad dadliest catch ah that
that that is the game tonight
let the dad puns begin and we were
trying to think of a dad pun to put in
the in the title of this broadcast and
we drew Biot yeah we drew a blank
yeah you know I got you hit me with that
at the last minute now I am I wanted to
I wanted to put in ddddd Dada Dada Dada
dddd but we didn't think that anyone
would get it some way but - phew - phew
in deed okay hi everybody
yeah yes so rich is here jack is here J
is here but he has to finish his salad J
got a comically large salad and he's in
back eating it right this very moment no
word yet on what type of salad it is I'm
gonna assume a chicken Caesar yeah sure
sure that's so sweet that sounds like a
common cell if it is a common salad
any less that Southwest huh might be a
salt might be a Southwest salad oh you
know I like that Southwest chicken like
a little corn and they go yeah never
nice vinaigrette dressing it's a big
salad it's a big salad
no no video games until you finish your
salad young man that's absolutely fuckin
alright - whew and dad
what are you guys trying all the dad
puns you guys are trying dad puns
yeah it's fried like his salad if it is
a chicken salad fried grilled chicken
he's watching his figure absolutely
Octodad octo Jay oh my god oh yeah Jay
you didn't you didn't you didn't notice
that I didn't even know I didn't figure
it out octo Jay welcome our one and only
moderator RJ watching left on Deb yeah
don't worry guys I'm gonna post this
once a stream or so post what I don't
know you're talking about oh it just
said oh thank you thank you octo Jay yes
give them the rules yes simply tweet
this all that yeah oh it Otto tweets it
would they know I don't understand
things you don't understand how things
work I'll double check the Twitter to
make sure that we've tweeted it to make
sure that we've twatted it we have we
have twatted octo Jays given everyone
the rules giving everyone the business
and I like that oh my god someone just
drew a picture of us
I'm looking at I'm looking at my Twitter
feed right now and someone just it's
acceptable it's okay you know anybody
here or doesn't follow us closely enough
you've missed the other night that was
neither me playing Team Fortress 2
it was hilariously we had a lot of fun
we did a Monday surprise stream and rich
forgot to plug in the controller there
we go rich play Team Fortress 2 my
favorite game and kind of sucked at it
and that's retribution for me playing X
comment sucking at it and everybody in
the chat welcome Jay Ballmer okay I got
a kill okay that's that's pretty
impressive I don't know if that's what
some good amount of kills on the game
like that more than one yeah you have a
kill death ratio cuz you need to keep
respawning okay and you want to keep
your kills well above your deaths so we
should be obvious so so who do we want
to go first you want me to go first or
you want Jay to go first unknowing
anything oh well you guys have a you
have an opinion I will do you know
anything about this they don't know
anything about okay so either a bus
won't know it'll be surprised yeah yeah
I play more games so probably you it'll
be funnier if you do it okay Jay is
playing game all right I'm gonna go get
my I put the headphones on yes thank you
mister catchy its opening song jack
Oh kind of crazy s headphones are these
on switch okay I don't know anything
about controls or anything what am i
that's that's good with this game okay
things will happen all right here we go
he's just got you your objective here is
to to get to the wedding okay so I guess
it's like an origin this is how you
become the octo mr. crew scene Octodad
or not doe groom well right now it's
just about over
you gonna oh my god and they believe in
traditional marriage Jay you know Jesus
Crist you have to be an active group I'm
sorry I stopped listening to you yeah
I've not even paid attention to you I'm
just flapping the singer Oh what exactly
Oh
clear the table okay mm-hmm are you
gonna remove the question so that's
showing you buttons over here to press
to do things
oh oh okay press it press the right
number or a button to grab me and then
you press it again to drop what you've
granted so you pick up all the cushions
the whole point is this this is madness
yes and I like it I hope the whole point
of this game is they give you an awkward
control scheme and then they ask you to
do simple things all you have to do is
get this key yes holy shit this looks
okay come on next we're gonna play clop
oh yeah yeah is there any sort of trick
to figure this out I can't get anywhere
close to the damn thing
try the other sticks the other just
stick to forward and back ah okay you
know I've had nights like this open the
captain oh my god how do I do that you
can tell the button use the grab things
all right now you gotta learn how to
walk oh Jesus so the trigger lifts the
leg the right trigger lifts the right
leg and this trigger lifts the left leg
this is funny but it's also infuriating
oh and the miracles attached to your
hand so you'll be dragging that with you
oh my got it I mean I kind of love this
yeah
am I trying to get to the door okay Oh
what I did a thing grab the thing was it
tie on the door you they're collectible
ties in this game it's not an optional
thing if you want to find all sides you
can look in every nook and cranny but no
also check yes we have two controllers
for multi yeah we give Jack and Jericho
first and they're on their own no go
ahead
just lock it Jake um okay you said the
done there we go
I gotta find my tux uh-huh
all right I'm getting the hang of this
walking thing maybe telegin wants to
know what the hell am I want it's a very
good question
you're watching Octodad yeah you're
watching an octopus blending in
perfectly human society where the fuck
is my tea it's probably one of those
doors down there there's doors yeah
we're a dump run a cake I didn't see any
doors I did somebody's not very good
oh there we go oh I'm too busy trying to
make sure I can move
hey Farben khyber thanks for subscribing
thanks for subscribing for Jai's idiocy
there's my tux like I'm pretty sure I
didn't actually play it but the
prototype for this game like the
original version I believe the final
level was just you had to climb a ladder
in this game that that was the final
level climb through this ladder love it
I'm starting to get the hang of walking
okay what do I do now find the bowtie oh
oh yes to all subscribers may the Gees
be with you no oh no there's a fan and
banana peels are there's bun man up
here's my own appeals all around the
altar Jesus Christ
I don't probably don't to go outside I
have to watch I have to turn don't so I
could watch this live for a moment okay
you missed the banana peels which is
good oh I was gonna say probably I
didn't wanna do that right oh here's my
bowtie I'm that cthulhu stained glass
severely it's a good future ch yeah you
broke the window I got something grab
the tie yet but there's time
I'm trying to get it all this other crap
sin my wife oh there you go put it out
how do I put it on I have to lift it up
and put it near work shouldn't probably
go for those of you who help yeah yes
this reminds me exactly of my wedding I
do I remember the morning of my wedding
all the ladies had to go and you know
get all fancified and me and all my
groomsmen we went out and got a little
drunk at brunch it was great
why can't I put it on I think you might
have to be in front of a mirror if I
remember right oh god damn it maybe I
could be wrong about that I can't move
anymore so we have to find a mirror
there's one right there I think that
might do we have to do I don't really
remember I've played this once or twice
okay I remember there was something with
it mirror but I could be wrong okay I'm
in front of the mirror it's behind ya ah
come on there you go Jesus you're doing
very well
all right all right you're doing
excellent all right yes and and by the
way for those of you asking yes
Jay and I will talk about people aren't
watching you later
and the more shit you knock over when
they're watching the more suspicious
they are of you and you have the little
meter at the bottom that bill is every
time you've asked something over well
suspicious white dots those are line of
science by an excuse did I already get
the ring no I thought I did but I know
but oh I got my arm around her Oh wasn't
that first room I thought I got a ring
no there was no ring you don't have a
ring farm me everybody is it just
pre-wedding jitters you know you have
any idea where I got to go to find the
yeah you're going the complete wrong way
it's and it's in the same room with her
oh okay I think tonight saying that on
your head that's great I'll take it
this is mad why is there a fish don't
know
No are you doing with the fish wake them
up yes why not
that's noir cuz that's normal I think oh
no I'm stuck
if you area a regular green you would
pick up the fish I know
percent experience oh my god these pews
are killing me for everybody watching at
home Jay has to control each leg
individually yes nothing in here no I
don't need help
oh god then I gotta get it on a finger
how do I do this delicately there we go
got it oh my god this is the most
intense thing of a raise your wedding
you were nervous
oh hey agent junior thanks for
subscribing may the Jesus be with you
that's just what I wasn't it no no this
is just the opening credits oh that was
like a like a yeah you know you weren't
dead yeah you couldn't be Octodad okay
that was just the level to teach you how
to play the game it's fun I missed a
subscriber who
I might even I might have a lot today to
play this very hilarious game how old is
this game rich a year okay so it's
pretty new I think I'm not a hundred
percent sure what came off the release
that's what I heard of it so just
dadliest catch oh I'm sorry I'm bench
and now I'm bench a now thanks for
subscribing
may the Gees be with you forever what if
they're an atheist Jack what if they
don't want the Jesus with them forever
the Jesus and God or anything is just a
dude that's just a dumb it's just a dude
wearing a fake beard smiling at the
camera alright should shut that alarm
off what it's gonna drive me nuts oh
yeah people are saying it came out this
year I'm starting to kind of get the
hang of these crazier controls get to
the kitchen get to the kitchen make some
coffee
then I gotta get the copy or just gotta
turn on it nope you need to copy I can't
get the copy one closer to it maybe you
just can't reach it I'm stuck on the
table now oh my god I'm completely stuck
there we go
if you notice this mustache - were
actually a little tiny arms yeah I
cannot get I cannot get around this
table I can't move my leg it will not
let me throw the table get the fuck out
of your table I made the coffee who is
that man that's Superman
also do you think she just thinks that
he's a slob husbands are so messy I keep
getting stuck on the furniture I'm
trying to bring you some milk I'm just
gonna leave that milk there yep it's not
your milk anymore that's the floor it's
milk
oh she's holy I know that's nice of her
oh Jesus drilling search infomercials
that taught me anything husbands are
exactly this messy no I'm stuck on the
grill ah there we go
nights like this I think so too I can't
get it I'll go back sideways this is the
most stressful thing good to have you
Phoenix I don't know it's great though I
don't know if there are any spikes in
this game but thank you for asking that
one rare but that's acceptable
that's so octopus
it's a popular game or is this like I
don't know oh no I don't know how
popular that's a good question I mean
it's kind of a novelty game I'm sure I'm
sure it's also for the chatter who keeps
asking what Jay thinks about shrek we're
not answering any shrek related
questions tonight's because I think that
my PSG oh I don't like jokes I don't
like jokes and I don't know what it is
they were asking us about struck the
other night I think it's a truck thing
going on I don't know in any case we're
not answering your trick questions so
lay off okay all right well here's an
easy way to answer it I think I saw the
first one and I don't remember it that's
that's it okay what do I gonna do weed
the garden the garden okay oh no that's
not what I want
assume in saying that this be if you get
your mower from the shed that's is that
the shed yeah well that's just filled
with basketballs well apparently that's
a daddy shows basketballs in his shed
this was apparently featured in Sony's
e3 press conference in 2013
okay okay it's a popular game no stop it
almost almost half a J almost happen
just throw those balls out of the way no
I
holy cow this is hell walk in there with
it and look your arm up yeah I think you
gotta grab it by the top could I handle
this man that's right guys we won't talk
about strength but I will talk about
smash metal - all fucking night oh I had
it come on oh that's probably why they
were asking about Shrek jack is they
know the Smash Ball oh is that the thing
probably oh okay well then I accept your
joke
somebody once told me the world oh this
is the hardest thing I've ever done in
my entire life um two-player mode
yeah I didn't think that this would be
the most complicated part of this game
is getting them fucking lawnmower out of
a shed seriously is I missing something
yeah I know you can just grab it by your
hand I mean grab it let me get it and
we're gonna melt you gotta grab it by
that though the handle I've tried it
doesn't big highlights green when you're
bigger it's hard like it now but it's I
know I've done that before but yeah oh
jesus thank God yeah you're surprisingly
good at normal on
don't don't bowl your wife's garden I
know I will not oh god the way you're
mowing the lawn right yeah you're
nailing this day if the entire game was
active dad moaning a lot Jay would get a
hundred percent hmm perhaps I spoke too
soon no Jack you want to go on the next
stage sure yeah I need a break it's good
he's gonna do it it's that for people I
guess that are watching this that don't
exactly know what's happening
I have to control each leg with separate
controllers and there's different button
for raising the leg yeah yeah it's it's
incredibly frustrating oh I did it I did
it weed the garden
yeah there's weeds in there you got to
pull the weeds out oh no like I'm not
with it just with my hands yeah okay
this way let's highlight I didn't
collect the button and lift it up yeah
this isn't too bad
this is actually suspiciously easy this
by the way this is Jack from space
cadets who is that person who's asking
me about that movie that I don't think
is out yet face cadets that's that movie
I did for the UWM kids oh I acted in it
I don't think it's out I don't remember
this oh god oh they asked me down
guarding and I'm a terrible doctor but I
had a good time and someone was like is
this jack from space cadets another
think it's out yet is that movie out yet
no one told me if it is did you see it
is it funny should I get me a copy
this that would be nice chop some
firewood that should be interesting get
our baseball oh my leg is stuck on the
there we go
that's like a marionette yeah I kind of
oh my god I chopped it okay
fairly just have to touch it max which
is helpful sorry chef oh hey BB King
thank you for subscribing we super
appreciate it
may the Gees be with you guy here now
with the chop this isn't too bad
chopping the way oh okay
hi Jake Jake was one of the producers in
space cadets oh okay okay
he was a swell fella where'd my axe go
Larry someone's saying Jax
speaking of Smash Mouth are you excited
for the new smash brothers and the
answer is yes god dammit yes it's all he
talks about all the goddamn time
did you watch Gotham so it's asking no I
have not seen it it's a lot chills not
even on fucking it looks interesting
what you can do what are you gonna do I
have absolutely no idea what I'm
supposed to do there we go
yes Hey
totally not Jake if I didn't thank you
when you subscribe I apologize because I
wasn't paying attention but thank you
for subscribing have a pizza roll that
made Jesus be with you
we're not omniscient we miss these
things occasionally the CW know or know
that yeah wouldn't be on the CW what
channel is Harrow on I don't know I
don't watch TV I don't even have cable
no I don't know I've got an area like an
antenna I got like three channels yeah
yeah right kids any any TV shows i watch
something Netflix yeah then it's settled
we're all going the WV became on my TV
someone is saying oh god I want John hey
is this a point where Jack should take
over yes okay but you're going to the
grocery store Jack doctor killed the cat
Thanks we super appreciate it
the geez smiles on you okay do a thumbs
up oh god it's my turn here at the
grocery started jesus fucking christ I'm
not ready for that I'm sit on that end
so I can look at the check oh sure yeah
yeah oh I need a break after that did
you enjoy it I did it was funny and and
frustrating and equal measures okay oh
my
now Jack is taking over and Jack is
doing the grocery store Oh what the fuck
what's your arm okay you didn't get the
controls to move yeah the triggers lift
up your leg and then you move the leg
and then you do the other trigger I
think the other leg and that's how you
walk there's a sick way you can ride
holy cow first of all fuck yeah and then
when you're not lifting your legs the
the sticks move your arm go up and down
and and then move it in the flat line
around it's awful this is funny oh my
god what is oh here we go
oh I need to get on this Segway is it oh
how do I grab things Oh perfect
there we go okay yeah you're on the
Segway Acropolis has revolutionized very
fine frozen pizza periods
everything here is automated and handled
remotely oh wait I got a like this you
got a legacy oh they're perfect we're
working on getting it fixed but we're
sure at least one freezer door is
working how do I let go something hit
the the grab things button what's the
grand thing JLo's a right the bottom one
was the grab things button yes yeah okay
great that's great one
yeah it's the only way to lock that was
that no oh no oh no you close the door
now you're gonna find a way to open the
door fuck dude the frozen pizza glitch I
don't know what that is but we're not
doing a pizza well I don't need taters
do we yes he says pizza Oh
so get the fucking pizza well what
happened I drink milk I find a glitch
disorderly in love this okay what is
this that's not those look like
doughnuts
that's TV dinners
Oh Pizza Wow fortunately the doors the
doors here are out of order
oh oh oh I think I understand what I'm
supposed to do what what well I'm pretty
good at moving the legs I'm not gonna
lie I think I think the guy if I just
have to go straight I can do the legs
okay but it's when I have to like
maneuver around things or do something
really good I think that's when
everything goes
oh my god I gotta get this stuff on my
way yeah there yeah here we go look at
okay I got this guy's I got this I got
this I got you get your leg up get your
leg up yo make it to that top shelf
almost don't worry
yeah oh wait you know if I can move my
arms
Marriott come on okay put down four done
there you go there you go don't walk
this is awesome this is possibly the
best game of it what is our alums
favorite movie featuring an octopus or
squid oh no you know include Goonies
even though the octopus scene was cut
out of the movies there's an octopus eat
in yes it's on the blu-ray version it's
a really stupid scene and I can see why
they cut it it's why not when they go
down when they first see the the pirate
ship turns and yeah there's an octopus
in the water and it starts like flailing
it's a really bad looking fake octopus
is that what it cut it around yeah I
think so
and then one of the kids it might be
data takes like a Walkman yeah shoves it
in its mouth and for some reason that
makes it swim away Wow and that's the
scene it's terrible
huh yeah my favorite movies I'm Bob I'm
popular choice with a squid or octopus
yeah Popeye yeah it's at the end that's
the like the finale that's right he he
beats up Pluto and punches an octopus
into the sky into the sky yeah it goes
flying up to the air he does his little
spin punch and as I was flying around
underwater
uppercuts it oh no on a rewatch Popeye
doot-doot-doot to do just watch an
attack I know I'm nothing not my goal to
squid the whale that's really good
but this squid is dead hanging in a
museum
oh no she's getting really suspicious
yeah yeah I gotta get out of here for me
to talk about how we get our meat from
what oh jeez forget the trick to getting
it if there even is one enough you just
have to stealthier about it
obviously she can't be looking at you
right no I see every once in a while she
would go and look away at something else
yeah what are you trying to do let me
try it out right now nope yes she has to
he has to get the cereal from that lady
shopping he has to steal for her I see
well someone mentioned Ed Wood when it
comes to squid scenes yes let's see
where they put Bela Lugosi in the water
he's got the fake rubber squid there a
way to change the camera angle okay
oh no I'm not doing anything you're not
good at this not doing anything just
throw something at her hand maybe a
little starter you got it got it I got
it
doop do doop to do nothing over here
ma'am nothing all right
yeah I got this you guys don't even need
to worry if I can got this oh they
change this lovely office the last time
I played it this used to be right in the
middle of the aisles whole structure huh
that's weird
our deli offers a variety of creatures
that can be fried barbecued roasted and
toasted okay okay hey get up get out of
here get out of here octo this move okay
like oh that you fuck let go of that
hold on to that there you go
Mike up other leg I guess you can count
be the Galaxy Quest Elliott as the
squids okay yeah I haven't seen that
movie in forever I'm sticking with
Popeye I cannot think of a movie with a
squid or octopus in it I mean I'm sure
you've seen I'm sure I've seen your
thing to try to remember yes 20,000
Leagues Under the Sea
great values two great families did you
just knock everything over to the end
maybe
like this guy's very suspicious for
shoes hey no look I'm just walking like
a normal human
that masta soda is out of this world by
the way I'm fuckin mail and groceries
you you are you are alright I was gonna
whoa okay he is very suspicious of me
you see sure you keep knocking shit over
also okay look at this I'm just floating
bananas are slippery
oh is that yeah you might have you might
have had some banana oh can I go in the
rocket ship probably I mean oh look
there's an Octodad know that he's in our
proposed yes why is he trying to fool
everybody
I don't well III don't know that they
ever immediately explain that okay it's
just a goofy brown I know there's some
backstory at some point it's alright I'm
playing the piano it's possible he's
doing it just because he loves the life
okay
he fell in love it's it's like splash
basically yes this this is a modern-day
retelling of splice this is what playing
games is all about having fun
that's what though that is what this
game is all about just fucking around
yep okay oh my foot Scott oh my fuck
there we go good - do i oh there's some
references on that back wall are there
Stanley's parables
you gcw coop coop oh the crap see that
clap maybe we should play co-op later
it's thematically appropriate this it's
another awkward movement game okay
that guy just told me I was in his
bubble I don't want to go by that lady
again oh can I put on sunglasses
probably maybe not hi I just had new
sunglasses don't worry about me
okay I mean put them on my face oh yeah
super high it's like I'm Kanye yo no
you're so much more awesome nope Mart
pardon me pardon me just a normal person
walking in the store oh damn I'd rather
you played the Stan Lee / no that would
be so boring I don't necessarily agree
the Stanley parable is is great yeah but
it's probably something best enjoyed
playing it and watching somebody else
play it no we could never play it
because it would spoil it yeah yeah
exactly
and that's something you should just see
on your own yeah the demo by the way
completely free and you get a decent
idea of what that games about yeah that
milk company so get me get yourself the
demo of the state get some soupy sushi
samples and back to be simply sushi and
daddy sales like back here yeah great
the XK get sushi since I'm sure I'm sure
nothing to go wrong I don't think you're
running us working there you go there
you go oh boy oh he's gonna get you he's
almost got you're gonna die
hi what are you I'm trying to get
towards the camera
oh I was trying to crawl over the thing
oh no did I - oh you died so J oh no you
can't diagnose yes
J did better than you I thought this is
what could I died in Milan was it for
you
you fell in the water oh this area I
don't this is like the end guys yeah
also if the suspicion meter gets then
your cover as well if that purple bar at
the bottom okay it goes all the way
across the bar alright oh I can't step
in the gym well it looks like you have
the option to grab the mob I think I'm
just gonna try to step over yeah that's
right I'm just saying so this is why you
can't blow your cover because people
want to turn you into moderately priced
this guy knows octopus because he's a
sushi chef and he's hip to those kind of
things
oh I don't think I can take this sushi
chef knows it's octopus
always up to something odd what were you
doing back there
can I get my wife is hey baby whatever
you guys want to try co-op load well
whoa well do do do to do to do where do
I go check out yeah there's everything
that's everything you grab yeah yeah of
course
do do do do
of course you can take this game
seriously that sometimes I just don't
understand you
well I said they're just repeating whoa
oh okay okay I'm here then can't
chitchat
I got some sweet shades by the way I
suppose I did not pay for the sunglasses
sorry Jane felled EF sweet we do need
just a couple more copies of new key nor
three maybe four and then I think we'll
be good with new keys J I'm gonna say a
half a dozen okay
a half a dozen more and we can we can do
our new key episode all right that's all
we need just a few more so keep sending
in those new keys oh he doesn't want to
go to the aquarium because he's an
octopus yeah and that would cover what
he sees it as uh there was some kind of
funny line in there by him he always
sees aquariums like a like a prison
there like I'm sure he sees the mystical
untenable day for all right oh yes you
have to be careful around marine
biologist okay
I'll just have to add that to the list
of questions don't worry we're here for
you
this is ludicrous yes this is ludicrous
rich I can't believe anyone would make
this game a game where you can go do
this do you see what I'm doing here to
do take the coupon from your hand and go
buy tickets okay for your family okay
great
coming whoa oops sorry almost knocked
into that don't know something smells
fishy
Oh marine biologists they know
efficiently he's kissing us like a
stealth esque thing jerk can't let them
see you you still gotta buy your tickets
well I'm gonna get to your family it's
the only way I can be slightly what did
you get back in line
I didn't cut any questions please ask
our talented staff I am NOT cutting in
line you could technically I think I
think you actually can as long as I
don't knock over anything well you can
knock over things no no there's a meter
at the bottom as long as that's not full
every time I hit a thing someone yes
because they're looking at you when
you're knocking things over whoa whoa
whoa slow your octo roll good oh wait oh
that I bet there's a secret thing of
that like I've never been up that ladder
oh I'm going up that fucking ladder
okay you can jam I can jack make it off
that's what we're all waiting to find
out
elana have a whale at a time okay oh my
god
first I need to wake Ann I come back to
this area um when you see what's up
there now yeah
remember there might be a tie we've only
found the one default-time sure
yes that's right Chad the stepladder by
the way I don't know if anyone could
tell with the way that episode was
edited that is all that bit is she turns
around and says a stepladder I think she
says some stuff afterwards but there's
no setup as to what the hell's he's done
happens like a couple times - yeah they
they show that same clip multiple times
the dance turns to the camera and says a
stepladder
that's not fancy editing no well it's
been a very fancy editing they get well
not an art part that's the whole thing
all of that thing that whole like her
saying like get over it or whatever
Justine babe come on
yeah that was really in there yeah
that's insane to me
yes it's an odd video you guys this has
become a new life goal getting up the
slack if you like the osteoporosis dance
and your your your with our patreon my
wanna keep on keep an eye on the videos
in the next few days just just keep an
eye on come on come on Oh
I might be in trouble I might be in
trouble
are you did you is your head caught in
there and you lost the ticket oh I got
it
I think the tickets up there oh no
there's a ticket on the ground I've got
another one spawn in front of them yeah
this is the games the game is big nice
games man nice I still want to see
what's up there all right
oh yeah probably needs it fucking hell
come on
there's a ladder here there has to be
something up there yeah no yeah I refuse
to believe it's a little detail in a
game that makes it impossible to climb
things well well you put a ladder
somewhere that means you want people to
climb game design 101 okay alright
alright I can do this guy's
breathe okay one step at a time
oh no no I'll go that what is on top of
that we don't know something up there
that's what I'm your driver and a hammer
maybe I need that left for later Oh
okay get him cam you gotta get your
other leg up the top oh you made it up
and there's nothing
oh wait wait maybe up there no you know
you're gonna get up on that other ledge
I mean probably you're gonna fall off oh
my god oh my god don't lose it now
almost all right all right you got it
you got it
I got this I got this I got this up here
- it's good all deep there's something
there's something in that corner if only
you had the ticket because now you're
gonna have to get back by I'll just tie
okay there's a tie just a tie
you gotta get across this thing can you
get across this thing no there's no wall
to support you and you're gonna land on
the marine biologist jack I got this I
don't think you do the leaders going up
really quick your ear dead oh my god
you're nearly dead okay I need that
ticket okay so guys I'm kind of fucked
kind of fucked there's a lot of effort
oh I mean that was worth it too but it's
just a pop I don't give a fuck about the
ties those are the only collectibles
you're gonna find you those are the only
I mean I think they are I think ties
well I'm more worried with progressing
through the game than I am with clothes
skip cutscene are you there's one hidden
level in a toilet boat what you can
flush yourself down one of the toilets
it's a hidden level what that sounds
great
other men okay we're gonna make a food
I'm not gonna knock into any of these
line things this is this is my new goal
all right oh you felt again okay no more
no more I'm not gonna run it anymore
line it okay okay boys butter smooth as
butter look I'm just a guy Otis fuck
dear we're gonna wait in line you're
just gonna wait you're not gonna cut
either you're not gonna fucking cut out
you know why I'm just a kind of suit of
a guy in a suit wouldn't cut okay
okay I'm just a dad trying to take his
kid to the aquarium dudududu here's my
coupon here's my coupons
you don't even worry about it scoop our
oh oh oh my god
if this is my new goal the median
failure can that be a goal of my
immediate failure that's an easy one
okay failure is always an option it's
true always put it down on the counter
your man a man would put it down on the
counter it wouldn't wait Oh put your
hand down this is oh oh oh you know what
I haven't been using this stick for the
handle oh my god oh my god that's a
large chunk of the game well now I see
you Oh Oh up and down left and right yes
yes
up down and around yes I wasn't playing
this tutorial I don't eat it
but I explained this to you and you
weren't listening to me I usually don't
listen yeah that helps now you got to
get around the marine biologist - what
something smells something smells fishy
you always say yeah you're in that same
consonant alright keep out of their
sight or else this is basically how rich
functions everyday that is that is very
accurate I don't keep oh okay I see gift
shop gift shop gift shop there's also I
forget what button it is there's a
button you can hold on to stay low to
the ground the B button okay
don't mind me guy you keep moving to do
I get it now I gotta go to turnstile
yeah you gotta get your family past the
marine biology about there to your right
she might be past them okay we can do
this guy's
we can do this we can do this we can do
this we can do this we do I think is
caught you know like his clock okay oh
yes they go through a turnstile he got
there really easy Oh shots went right
through the turnstile Jack your your
method of walking is fascinating it's
great well I have to see it's just
fascinating
52 don't mind me shit
okay here we go okay okay here we go
here we go
you guys I am killing it at Octodad just
put that out there
poof okay fine Stacy yep there are two
different sections of the aquarium
sure of course they're fucking family oh
I just Dick Van Dyke dick okay okay whoa
fucking camera whoa what's in here
what's in here I'm not sure try using it
well no there's a type
yeah sure time
at the pump again see if it goes further
out okay this is the part Jack was born
to play can you just reach your arm in
there are you I'm father died I found a
shark town y'all soon peace my time out
my time out excuse me kid sir
I just love it when he lays down rlm is
the world's top Octodad streamer I tell
me there's nobody down here well they're
in the different exhibits make sure you
keep an eye on is an exhibit ready uh
yes try hitting the button there you
know okay great
bicycle these are like different levels
so okay I get it okay yeah you know what
you know what you know what you know
what the deep ocean home to many this is
the greatest from now on if anyone asked
me for a list of great names on it
turn off your ghost a moment for Bobby's
I guess the see-through sometimes he's
see-through yeah maybe they say can turn
that off
I suppose clearly a free house
congratulation where your jellyfish hat
fuck you just like the daughter your
Skeletor isn't good or their prey
do you have what it takes to hunt in the
darkness I bet you don't stand to start
this little game oh okay you got that
one
let's give you more okay you doing okay
you're killing it jack you're killing it
I fucking know I am miss one that's okay
I assume I can this one I hope so
you shut up kid graduations hunter you
have what it takes
try if we had more controllers I would
drop this control is so fucking good at
oxygen take it what Jeremy fish yeah
shake it Slater thank you
oh I shit I hit my kid out of here kid
okay later through the exhibits okay
come on well I think she wants to know
you're leaving the exhibit what Oh lead
Stacey through the gym yeah oh she wants
you want to see the thing fucking kids
why do the mommies leave this kid all by
herself that's the thing she's a
terrible parent
first and foremost how come nobody knows
he's an octopus that's totally
unrealistic what I'm right fucking here
what what what do you want you're good
kid how big the jellies get I have never
heard anyone brag about being good at
Octodad before well now you have
somebody else is calling this a domestic
abuse simulator honestly it's a little
weird shaking
cuz like I think I smacked her with this
giant heavy light you you did okay come
on Stacy probably have to get through
there somehow oh shit it's a marine
biologist sir
your natural enemy shit just got real
shit oh that's pretty darn dumb she just
asked if we could escape this place of
nightmares we are playing this on PC
when people ask us actually well yeah
yeah this I'm on your Mac but it's on
your Excuse oh it's Windows oh he
stopped look at her yeah okay that's
what are you in Fred oh do you drop it
like I do I give it to her
oh okay oh I just hit her again
what actually scared
you have to get the mites one thing to
do what get the lights work there's
things at the bottom of the screen that
tell you what you have to do
oh yeah no but is just like a what do i
I don't understand what I have to do
Betty there's a big rule that says
maintenance there's a big sign oh I see
oh and there's blowing fix meaning this
is blowing things bleeding into the room
I bet that might be a hint I'm not sure
shut up I'm taking it okay okay what
this is highly doable yeah oh I got this
we don't even need to you don't even
need to worry about nothing I worry
about everything you worry about
everything absolutely everything oh
Jesus
oh oh I see the trouble in this okay we
have lots of wires come on come on you
got this you got this you got this you
got this okay
almost almost there you go oh okay wait
I wasn't paying attention for a little
bit how did he get in this position bran
has to do this because the girl wanted
to is afraid of a monster fish thing
yeah
and he needs to turn on the lights okay
so the girl won't be afraid of the
monster fish thing and now I need to
you need to put the mighty I need on the
back yeah make light like this is Jax
setting up the cables for the stream
each night so true it's so true what
what is a puzzle you didn't miss Oh
doesn't look scary at all what the
lights I did to the thing I did a thing
hey little girl wait for your octopus
dad
oh it's Jesus now you got to get up
those stairs I got this you super fast
oh I don't think your method of running
is that there you go there you go there
you go another time what okay what are
you doing it keep I'm I am trying to
help you girl the escalator is your
natural there we go come on up lady girl
hi
oh fuck I hit her again oh geez oh she's
not following you well enough so you
have to discipline her oh my god this is
this is the harder one this is a harder
one this is a hard go go go yeah you got
it you got it
whoa easy peasy Oh easy peasy
don't hit the kid thank you for visiting
the deep ocean oh yeah delighted I've
had that I had this unfuckin lock down
whoa
weird thing a little break that's what
we're gonna do shit
this is this is a hard game it's
adorable
it is but yeah we're gonna take a little
break we can stream in for an hour
little so we're gonna run a commercial
and we'll be back and we'll do some I
will do a little more octodad because
this is insane
where's my mouse mouse what I'm a gamer
first I don't think well we know what
track trail tap okay there it is okay
there's one of us uh we'll be back in
like comments
