Uncomfortable Showers
September 27, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xeJOJzUNF04

all right I've updated the stream we are
going to play shower with your blood
the simulator 2015 hold on I need to
authorize British yeah I'm authorizing
you rich
did you Oh Colonel rich wants our yes
that's what we're gonna play next is
West urato the pixel art western game
which looks like like a silly amount of
fun okay your device has been authorized
I think twitch banned some showering
game like day before yesterday is this
it good this game be banned I have no
idea okay
what will happen if it is we start truly
attacked what are the consequences oh
let's find out turn down the TV no I
mean on the street sorry for blowing out
any eardrums no I know this stock music
I'd roller I don't a mouse a keyboard
oh no apparently there's a game called
rinse and repeat okay shower with your
dad simulator 2015 do you still shower
with your dad no they're all right how
about enduro dad okay wait can you go to
the gear is it still like really loud
for people see if you cannot first of
all there's a nudie nudity I just want
to see nudity yes oh yeah yes dong if
there's nudity issues screaming this no
it's I mean
pixal all right it'll be fine there's no
volume option yeah okay well then that's
fine
sounds fine volumes right okay okay
great okay guys let's let's go
enduro dances let's see what enduro dad
does did you get a haircut dad son I got
them I got all of them cut Thomason
Magnum thomasmagnum yeah that looks
great
oh my god this arrow keys oh we gotta
find your dad go find your dad no I
think I hate everything about this is
that I'm not even sure we're allowed to
play this day okay so this is just it is
just fine find your dad and go to him
we're not we're gonna like lose the
touchscreen because of this I'm shutting
this off and we're playing that fucking
what's Western name I don't want this on
my hard drive
yep you shower with your dad rich let's
go what's happening
there is more to it that someone is
saying oh don't trip oh my god you have
a 29 dad streak a 30 dad streak rich
you're doing it oh my god oh oh we got
slippery Oh No alright jag you can play
or turn it off turn off wait well I
gotta check this out a little bit yes I
absolutely hate this it's creepy it's
creepy no of here anything with with
naked adults and naked children it's
probably no I don't want anything to do
with that sure what the dad divisions
let's check that out
son what happened to the illegally
parked frog what dad it got towed away
what Oh
oh I need to I need it like a mouse area
I think I'm about serie okay so you
enjoying this game Jared you enjoying
this wait change your color to the
appropriate dad up changes the uh oh
it's a different game
but I don't notice that it's terrible I
don't know what I'm doing it
hello I need the table I need more any
better mouse action okay I got this
change your cup okay I got this where's
the mouse okay Lara I get it now
I get it now here we go
I mean what's not to love about this it
was it was nice having a twitch channel
you think they're gonna shut us down for
pixel dongs and they might know they're
not showing us down pixel dogs
I am so into this I mean it's weird yeah
yeah no to follow is this in the games
list for twitch did we switch yeah
alright then then apparently we can play
it which is good I still hate it yeah
well you should hate it I hate you so
much
what the fuck indeed
and I think the one is the real father
you know what if that's the story that
might be I'm wondering if it is yeah the
other two could just take after the
mother I mean that's entirely possible
but mmm I don't know you know sometimes
it's the meta story that gets us through
a game reg if that's the story you want
to believe in whoa that was a close one
I'm a showered with the wrong bad right
I'm doing great yes you are I feel like
I'm doing great
I see that that's slippery right into it
using that as an intact achill advantage
absolutely
yeah I mean I knew I could slip you know
you move a little faster I got pixel
cocky okay great
oh we got extra Selfridge oh oh no oh no
oh no what am I doing with my life I do
hear each other dead etholon again I
used to have a shampoo addiction don't
worry son I'm clean now
these kids have mustaches or their
mouths just open in horror
hi I'm into now I got this no no wrong
dad Oh extra so what
what happened you picked up the soap and
diet oh I think I don't know that's
weird
yeah usually - it's tough let's try
enduro dad again kept my favorite
exercise is a mix between lunge and
crunch it's called lunch Sun okay I got
this rich don't worry yeah I'm not
worried at all
how's everyone doing oh I got some
points that's it yeah how is everybody
doing is everybody having a good day I'm
having a good day so I stayed up wink
wants to know Jack do you do you tell
your kids dad jokes no no I don't tell
my kids dad Joe my dad couldn't tell the
job to save his life but my dad just
tells bad jokes huh Karen's dad he tells
jokes that just don't make any kind of
fucking sense even though you can't okay
how do you unlock shit in this game do
you need to touch enough naked penises
is that that how you unlock things I'm
wondering oh I just need to do it dad
where are the remote batteries they ran
out I gave the Roy if son free of charge
what batteries a free charge there were
bred dead I don't give it batteries were
dead so here the way they were free of
charge Joanie and Robin
I get it now I actually wish we were
talking about metal gear what I can do
about it anybody talk about metal gear I
I discovered something really phenomenal
about the way I output my videos mm-hmm
so normally what what you have to do is
you have to export it and then after you
export it you watch the video of course
to make sure that like nothing happened
oh my god that was great
to make sure that nothing happened in
export before you upload it to youtube
but i actually just knocked over a thing
yeah that slows you down
Oh does it yeah I thought was the thing
I had to grab it first what was that I
said oh so I face it oh so good oh and I
was really creeped out as you should be
you know really creepy I was excited
that my obtained a soap but premiere oh
it does slow you down I'm really slowly
now
that's why I just said I think I was
lying yes but I discovered that premiere
actually can output direct or not
premiere uh but Media encoder can output
directly to YouTube so you can you can
set it to export and upload oh did you
see what happened that they switched or
do they just cover up for something just
cover it up for a second yeah so I can
export and upload to YouTube all in one
now water water oh I got a new high
score alright we've unlocked a straight
razor what is I'm about to give up on
shower with your dad and simulator
unless unless someone gonna make so is
this one of those games that need an
hour or so for us to give it a chance
please say no we say no fail oh oh we
hit a bonus round right that's what I'm
wondering if it's like if it's one of
those games that will reveal itself to
be brilliant no I'm good
that's all I get
I'm sorry you fucked up I didn't know I
just get one okay you know I wonder if
it's going to be one of them
what do you do it's witches it's witches
kids that's not the same kid every time
all right right okay oh my god
it's actually really tough let's pay
attention to
so yeah so bonus the only probably so
bonus is it like obscures the screen so
it's harder to see some of the chat
wants to know if they should make quiet
shiny and chrome it doesn't do anything
in fact it just costs you more money to
send her out on missions
I heard quiets bloody outfit that was my
favorite I've ever see you can tell
because like I used a lot of her bloody
outfit in a kind of guy and what kind of
want that straight razor nope nope I
used a lot of her bloody outfit in the
in the review that was my favorite
outfit of hers because I thought it was
badass
ah too ridiculous then again then again
then again the game oh this is Jerry
Sandusky's favorite game says the check
rich yeah I say I'm after rich I think I
think it's happening rich I think it's
happening you've entered the matrix I
think the game has revealed itself to us
mm-hmm I hope I'm supposed to be hitting
and getting these guys in the tub well
this can take some frog fraction turns
that could be fun it's it's quite
possible I'm in a bathtub in space
matrix is this the Frog fraction sequel
is that possible I don't think they're
gonna call it frog tractions but then
we're gonna do the same kind of
shenanigans sure wasn't that the deal
with that I have no idea
I I didn't know oh there's a time-space
error
quire's downloadable contents oh my god
inglorious basterds I think you fucked
up something I did apparently are you
gonna choose to go up look at what looks
like a man
oh I get it okay fucked up the dads
maybe you do do it do you hit the ones
that are your dad no no you don't want
to do that okay I mean I mean landed
them do you get like a oh yeah okay all
right ah this is actually really tough
cuz you can only like you know press up
yeah and then the forward is shoot but
now we know we have to collect the dads
so
oh no damn it
okay looks like I made it just in time
let's go rescue dad Rich's Vinick a
missing it Cubs no-hitter for this well
I hate the Cubs but then again a
no-hitter is always exciting no matter
what Despicable team is doing it
you hate the Cubs yeah
who do you herd for what sucks
who does over one route for in the
baseball's wherever you want
it's a free country oh no sorry dad what
dads do you have apparently a lot I
don't need to shoot the other guys I
don't think I'm a third my way oh my god
look it's like like seven oh you have to
get 69 oh my god wait these controls are
really tricky
I'd do it first time 100% that's shower
with your dad simulator no death run oh
yeah okay expect that stream expect that
stream never I mean that's never know
what's first never it's a good question
Jack philosophically I have no answer to
that son-of-a-bitch rich this is
actually incredibly tough capture all
the dance well of all my dad's everybody
can I just capture all the dads I'm
shooting out of it
I haven't tried can I'm gonna say no
don't say you lose something yeah you
know what I'm just gonna try it yeah
we're gonna try capturing all the dads
okay no okay what do you get negative
for that I mean you keep playing do you
lose attila's heart yeah okay okay so we
don't want to do that
ah fuck terrible terrible here you you
you hurry I'll shoot I'll shoot bathtubs
you shoot bathtubs wasn't yet the mouse
on the letter I'll lather up letting me
up lathering up
I'm pretty good at shower with my dad
I'm not gonna lie I'm pretty good it
looks like rich is better already though
homos
Oh ladder up see it's trickier than you
think
I didn't say wasn't tricky ribbing but I
can see what was going on oh my god you
guys are talking about Columbo I fucking
love Columbo it's one of my favorite
shows LeBrock a limo Bob not that I
don't like Columbo I don't know I just
see they were talking about Columbo
Columbo is a wonderful detective show oh
no take a hit rather than fall like I I
think I always die from falling you know
don't go don't go don't worry about
going too low I do worry about going to
hell yeah you died but you don't know I
may have seen him oh yeah
yeah you know just just one more one
more thing one more real quick yeah I
just I sometimes I get confused so I
never call you something up from oh man
just Columbo was beautiful beautiful
show and that's right his wife I don't
know if she ever played his wife on the
actual show but mrs. Columbo or whatever
they called it was I Captain Janeway she
had her own spin-off series ever call
that lady Columbo and we're solve a lot
of mysteries there is such thing as too
low if you go too low you follow you you
die you fall off the screen alright or
was that a hint guys give me a hint
I've fallen off the screen a lot I have
fun of this video and we're talking
about color but because of goddamn
shower with your dad simulator you know
yes this is hey this wasn't my idea
this was this was gifted to me and it so
far I'm enjoying it this is the most
uncomfortable I've been during a stream
we can work on that we can make you more
listen up what does not work on that if
that's it listen rich if that's the game
if that's the meta make rich
uncomfortable we can we can do that
you can do it you can do it
623 embarrassed viewers are watching ah
welcome to shower with your dad
simulator 2015 huzzah oh yeah don't you
remember like mr. mosquito like that was
weird that was nowhere near as weird as
this maybe a little bit more creepy
you're great rich you got the flow you
got the rhythm obviously I enjoy this
for what it is which is a very silly
game I can't imagine I will ever ever
turn this game on again after tonight
but for now I'm gonna enjoy it which I
we were running a little late today
because we were playing a different game
this afternoon and it wasn't as much fun
as this it wasn't quite as silly as
shower with your dad simulator 2015 yeah
we're gonna agree with that and so I'm
enjoying the Susilo tude which is
totally a word oh my god rich is so
fuckin easy it's so fucking easy did it
you fucking did it
hey son thanks for rescuing me let's go
for a burger industry God we still have
two things we do the question everyone
listen no how do you unlock this up
well we unlocked that one with dad Apple
do euro enduro dad in doing that sure I
could if I can only assume what's the
worst thing about Robin Hood's house
what Dad the little John son Richard
love D yeah come on rich lather up you
can do it you got time think about it
concentrate use all of your showering
with the rubber duckie
rich would you rather play this game or
Mass Effect 3 again this game oh you're
shaving all the deaths shave buffets to
what end
ball their dads
I don't I don't know if there is an end
just got to keep going rich you gotta
keep going until we get the weirdness oh
no oh uh Dalls puddles puddles puddles
that's right vodka gimlet vodka gimlet
says I'll be on my deathbed thinking
back to how much time I spent watching a
stranger pretend to be a kid showering
with his father and hopefully you'll
look back on that fondly fondling fondle
II get it I get it I don't want to
doo-doo-doo-doo Oh father dad's you have
it yeah and you have like 20 seconds
between dads so you can take your time
like between having to you know pick
your dad's so you can you can be cool
about it take your time
learn Oh rubber ducky bonus what does
that do if you have 40 seconds you're
fine you got plenty of time you have 46
seconds between dads you can literally
just take your time I think the time is
increasing cuz I'm doing it fast
come on Rick we gotta beat this tonight
do you have any idea how high a score we
need to get you almost got 240 I'm gonna
guess 50 I have no idea
double points oh yeah you oh the soap is
where it's at that gives us double dead
streaks whoa don't worry about speed
just worry about precision Oh leftover
beefcake says we need a 69 dad streak 69
yeah damn thought so awesome I'm
understanding I'm not at all shocked by
that I'm understanding the jokes of this
Ridge oh yeah I get that soap double dad
streak
precision rich precision you're almost
there yeah
just worry about precision you're at 62
no puddles no puddles more dad's drink
Tiberius Kirk says double double dad
streaks sounds like an underwear problem
for Mom
oh yeah so bonus change kids you feel
like you you were losing your luck with
that one
well you know what honestly the black
one is easier to see yeah this was just
an accident
oh okay you know different shades of
beige versus Eva's brown sure sure
strategic strategic yeah Dziedzic
battery gotta be strategic with your
daddy I don't exactly know what the
razor blade does just visual I'm silly
problems just visual and so yeah but
like the super gives you a bonus you
know everything has to give bonus Jack
you've thought about that oh you know
what I didn't I'll be I'll be real
honest with your age I did not think
about that Jesus Christ rich you kind of
slow down man you got to slow down you
got to think about what you're doing
you've got time you can do this
lower penalties geez
okay you can do this you're at 6061 you
got this you got this you got this and
there you are you've hit 70 73 French
you are breaking all sorts of shower
with your dad records right now I can't
even believe it what's so sad I can't
even you are you are the the top-ranked
shower with your dad's simulator player
on twitch right now please don't tell me
that you going for 100 he's going for
the hundo
we got 83 going for the straight hundo
is there a fourth dad here yep how did
the fourth dad get here
oh look at that's where the boat that's
where the shaving bonus comes in you can
see that you know they're not wearing
their ah oh that's true tea tree right
there oh my god you are at 98 99 100
dad streak I can't even believe that I'm
here to witness this amazing dad streak
rich
we got a soap bonus we got a soap bonus
what kind of pressure are you going
through right now rich very little just
know I already kind of done the deed and
we're just goofing off at this point
yeah but knowing knowing rich that with
every single dad streak bonus you are
you are solidifying your position as the
world's greatest shower with your dad
simulator player in the history can we
erase that fact
no way I can't even believe what I'm
saying right now I can't even believe we
have 143 dad streak 146 it's oh oh oh no
so nothing happened no weirdness
happened oh my god craft beer that's it
just craft beer all right what do you
got Jack what's next I guess we have to
do good in one of the other moments yes
what unlock this that's why I was I did
a dad Athlon and eventually my sure
there was dad aunt Lonny sure it wasn't
your enduro dad um pretty sure was dead
Athlon
yeah was that Athlon and then eventually
my dad showed up in a tub and I went
into the tub
maybe um it's quite possible that maybe
when that fourth dad showed up you
needed to accidentally bump into him no
I don't know
gonna be a joke about that being the
real dad that's the obvious way you know
that crash chair this is the chat no I
don't know not for children wrong dad
this is amazing
you got this
Wow oh you got the duck
you've got the duck rich I you know what
I might I might look up the game packs
on this oh okay how do you unlock stuff
and shower with your dad see ya later if
I if I google that will that put me on a
list yes it will
we could also stop playing what do you
want to do jack what do you want to do
this dream that this dream has put us
all on a list that's right yeah I can't
find like how to unlock stuff here maybe
you can't that's just there in the world
right you get out of here fruit by the
magician for present magician says at
least this is better than binding of
issac am i right guys I will I will
murder I will murder many be probably
and you might be one of them probably
okay all right we can stop playing oh my
God thank God whoa fellows FBI watch
list just melting away all right so
we'll see if any other thing things west
urato double bear oh it's not that long
West urato ten minutes two minutes to
download how about that little gear five
man so much hate so much hey you know I
really thought that it was an across the
it was a pretty even-keeled review and
we talked highly about many aspects of
the game you know what it tells me
everything
the fan base reaction but the metal not
the Metal Gear fans they don't care at
all about the gameplay the gameplay
means dick to them yeah cuz I had
nothing but nice things say about the
actual gameplay and when I called out
the ridiculous story for being
ridiculous and tone-deaf that's that's
when the
ruby's came out yes they don't give a
shit about the gameplay care at all
which is which is all don't all they
like is that horrible storytelling like
you know what I knew the hate was coming
but I wasn't expecting it to be that
harsh especially gave it a positive
review that's the thing because we were
so positive about about but you know
like like you know if you look at like
our order 1886 review like that he had
across the board the shit across the
board even alien was was pretty shit
across the board and so it's just like
okay yeah someone's gonna someone like
some aspects of alien but I shoulda
cross it off across the board that's
gonna get bad comments but here we spend
10 minutes praising the stealth gameplay
and then we're like the story doesn't
make much sense we didn't much care for
that so oh well the Rising Sun is
thinking a so far
