Zone in your Enders 2 (Part 1)
March 25, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=II-Q3PAl5P0

can you explain I would love to what is
going on
I would love to what have you done to us
I would love to explain what's going on
I am i I like new technology I I like I
like things you know when I like you
know the the latest and the greatest
things and so we we I got a new capture
device the elgato the old one it didn't
work too well on Macs and you streamed
from your Mac right right well and and
we we also were thinking about using it
to capture like VHS is and other
strangers and sure and in general the
Hodges software wasn't something the
hop-on just software wasn't up to snuff
for me it was working fine um it wasn't
working 100% you can you having my
laptop so I see you for streaming I have
your diagnostic laptop I don't even know
if we're streaming is is diagnostic
laptop yep um is there a way I can check
if we're streaming I wonder you can go
to the website website if the stream is
streaming right but you know we still
have the old capture card and my
computer's not a Mac that works just
fine in my computer right it works just
fine
yes stream with it the other day we we
played Maximo we played vanquish written
Frank perfectly I have no hitches on
either of those streams so you know we
get here today it's getting to be close
to stream time sir I sorry I grabbed the
old one I brought it with no I'm gonna
stream I'm gonna streams on the
understood no no no I got I got this new
card yeah it is one percent more
efficient it is not 1 percent more
efficient one percent more efficient 45
minutes jack has been like installing
and uninstalling strange saw
we're on my solid-state hard drive
that's kind of small to begin with him
because it's solid straight now it's
gotta it's got a limited limited number
of right times is there's just stalling
shit uninstalling it left and right
reducing the lifespan of my hard drive
by years yeah by years and what's what's
our current status jack are we running
what no no not even not even close the
second runner is that updating updating
this room ok great uh no we're not even
close
we're not even close because so uh Wow
I've got my own capture card it's
sitting right next it's got all of the
cords fucked into it where they need to
be no I really you know I really just
need to plug it into the back of the ps2
it's true it's true ok so here's here's
my here's my explanation so yeah all
you're seeing right now is the color
bars and you're hearing us which i think
is great you know so the way the old
capture card works
oh the hodge HPR whatever PVR HD ever is
you have to open up the ha pod capture
window and then in open broadcaster make
a little capture box to capture the
window and so you have two programs
running well that's one extra step well
well but not only do you have two
programs running like your capture
window is not always the same it's
there's a latina there's there's more
moving parts right because the hot pod
capture software isn't the smoothest I
think blank screen and so with the
elgato OBS recognizes that as a pure
video input device so you don't need
another program running you don't need
another point of failure and here's the
real important part I was using it on
Windows this afternoon while we were
playing blood-borne and everything
worked fine everything worked fine on my
computer but when we try to get it to
work on Rich's computer app
woman happens and so that's the thing is
it recorded perfectly through OBS no
other programs needing to run you get
nice crisp video takes up the full
screen it looks nice everything is great
except for on Rich's computer I'm trying
to analyze this I think I think we may
have gone wrong by setting this up 40
minutes before this stream but it worked
so well for me earlier it works without
a hitch earlier we recorded all of our
gameplay this afternoon using this menu
you do these things early so in any case
so rich thought it would be funny if we
were just streaming a blank screen so we
could start technically on time ish and
now we need to hook it all up through
the old capture device because it's just
it's just not working and here's the
real here's the really weird part is you
can hit listen to this now that's the
sound that the ps3 is making now for
some reason the screen yeah but the
sound that's the sound that is coming
out of the TV right now through your
capture device through my cat
in any case so now rich wants me to hook
it up live as as penance you got this
Jack you know what you're doing well
you're on this side of it okay so I'm
hooking up are you are you gonna try and
get the new one to work
what do you wonder we need to hook up
the old one we need to hook up the old
one cuz the new ones not working do you
know why I thought you I thought you
thought you knew why I thought okay so
now you're unhooking the elgato which is
it I'd like the elgato capture it works
great so why are they starting so early
uh rich wanted to start early and we
sweep like that for hours as a home we
can we keep going on until midnight or a
little bit earlier since we got oh okay
so what now the old capture device is
all hooked up in a bit you know some
time failure is always an option and it
happens sometimes some you know you just
you try something new and that's the
price you pay for trying something new
it's it's it's very funny it's very fun
it's the curse of the wolf I think
you're right
what you got here is a blood-borne not
very good one at that no I don't know
what that's from but it's funny
ah all right so now we open up oh it's
been a while since I've used the hull
pouch how about you how about you
capture see you got this like big gunky
thing on your it's big donkey rich okay
we need to play a game I agree but you
know it's on this tiny screen it's gonna
mess with the quality or something
people want to see game people people
want to see game people will be seeing
game in in mere moments people will be
seeing game maybe because the Hauppauge
capture is and is taking its sweet ass
time because it's the and by the way the
the elgato capture software is equally
as wonky I'm sure that it's both both of
the the proprietary software is wonky
which is why I liked going through open
broadcaster even for just recording
stuff if anyone was around earlier we
accident I accidentally streamed for two
seconds that's great but see we're still
waiting for component videos they know
it the only one but I was trying I was
trying something new
we're nerding we need to give ourselves
more time to do this shit we do know 10
minutes before the stream is probably
nothing best time to check audio levels
you get you get it the studio an hour
earlier that like we were we were here
all day week everything's fine start
streaming in your streaming and you know
you're good okay well you work on this
I'm gonna work
we are rich wanted to scream my failure
that's great
oh there look Jack I got to working in
like a minute
I hate well it was far less than a
minute I got it working I think it
literally took me five seconds it
literally took me five seconds which is
making me drink beer pressure I'm having
serious issues
did you pop out the chat already do I
need to refresh the screen Jack where
did the check on the channel the chat
has vanished yeah that's that's fair
okay that's fair
well that's what I'm asking you where do
you want where do you want to try set
you up with your microphone so people
can hear all the things that you have to
say or not say
which was invented so look at a blank
screen and here people this is why
people want like a camera on us what
what sub did we miss
now that we know we're having technical
problems and we're not really seeing the
chat because we're trying to get the
stream running but since the most
important thing in the world is to
announce each and every subscriber who
did we miss hey what did we miss us I'm
gonna hold off getting the stream set up
until you tell me who I missed because
everyone's bitching about it the jet
we're all waiting we're all waiting for
you to let us know so I can say it out
loud because apparently the whole chat
already knows who it was because they're
richer deponent totally not Jake thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it
totally subscribers are special miss
that still sounds like sarcasm yeah
I can't I can't tell when you're sincere
or not my good friends no I know you're
being sarcastic
what Oh
okay so what big important controversial
thing oh that's right you need the the
new oh is that okay we had to update all
of the the jams the jimmies oh yeah I
got a message about that yeah we got
they got hacked or something so there is
a new this is not letting we shrink this
window after letting this shrink this
window left or right letting me
yeah is that weird it's kind of wonky
software is that why you're trying
something new
I suppose try something new okay because
sometimes the software gets a little
we're walking yeah no it's a great
password the password is my balls are
itchy 6969 okay is rich streaming by
accident no we're streaming way on
purpose rich wanted to stream our
failure because he wanted to make fun of
me because he thought that would be
funny
and I'm gonna allow it because I think
it is I think it is funny I'm glad you
guys Kenny Julie are my family it's my
god you're back yeah I know you know
what I for shit Oh Jade Tyrone sloth
ropes that says he saw Elephant Man for
the first time today and it it's become
my favorite David Lynch movie oh good
what are your thoughts on Elephant Man I
like Elephant Man a lot I haven't seen
it in a long time but I love the look of
it I remember it's like odd for David
Lynch because it's uh so like emotional
yeah yeah it's very uneven Lynch II it's
very classic yeah yeah yeah it feels
like an older older movie than it does
yeah so I really like it because it's
not David Lee well I think what happened
is he made you know Eraserhead Mel
Brooks saw it and over X loved it so Mel
Brooks's company you know hired him to
do Elephant Man yeah that was a big
movie so then they hired him do dune and
that was like a horrible disaster he's
like fuck all this they make blue velvet
yeah and then he's been making his his
own movies ever since I'm not going to
be able to see the chat yeah that's okay
well well you'll be playing I have my
laptop here that that's the actually the
weird thing the weirdest thing about
Elephant Man is that it's produced by
Mel bro
and he he there's a like a little
behind-the-scenes featurette on the DVD
where Mel Brooks talks about and how
much he loves it
oh yeah y-yeah the fly was Mel Brooks
tell me so there's a little period where
he was producing interesting movies by
interesting filmmakers it's really great
yeah that's really great and now he
wants to make space balls to really
don't get me wrong
well some this was the last one the
Dracula doesn't loving it I think it's
the last movie directed that was
terrible
yeah I would imagine he is I'm sure he's
pretty old yeah and he hasn't directed
anything and I mean he did the producers
the stage version of it I think he
directed some of that in the East but
House game vine do you want me to check
the same with the fly like all he talked
about was how the distribution company
required or like wanted his name on the
box because when L Brooks it was the big
name oh but that would throw people off
exactly Mel Brooks presents the Elephant
Man bad is an elephant whoo yeah yeah
you can't hear the game at all at all
whoa Oh
what is this this is some crazy anime
this is a game this is a game there's
like cartoon yep it's a game that looks
like well game a little bit hmm all
right give it a minute for things to be
adjusted and then tell me what it sounds
like we're just talking about cartoons
now what's going on here though that is
where I slap this shit together that's
what I still can't hear the game audio
it off oh um try turning up in there
check
very oh oh wait now it's a little too
loud like half that right then on the
lower right that's great that's that's
great that's great that's sound good all
right okay everything's great
everything's great we did it everybody
how long is this have you been stirred
we've only been streaming for 19 minutes
we figured it out in the first that's
true because by the way right now if we
wouldn't have been streaming I would
have been kept trying to get the other
thing to work yeah but it works for
recording the game footage is that a
naked lady why is there anything because
Japanese what kind of game are you
playing
forgiveness under bits yeah this is oh
oh he's never in naked in the game of
course just in the weird introversion
they made for the release and it she she
just birthed the shiny ball from her
wound areas and now a man has it and
it's exploded this you're saying now
this makes no sense I mean they
basically made a music video yeah okay I
know I'm saying I get it
just been suggested
oh she's not naked apparently she was
wearing a skin colored optical optical
camouflage suit that would make sense
that
your time okay great well you're in a
robot job like robot jocks only insane
robots
yeah well this you just play around and
warp speed okay destroy things with your
giant sword I think I'd prefer big
vulgar clunky robots I did my morning
edition of course but I think they're
more entertaining to watch
I appreciate both you like MechWarrior
that's the clunky robot series okay
Oh tonight it's it's rich Jack and day
and day you might not be here for a
while but he's hanging on works works
satanic cheeseburger thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciated
what y'all think of the person I loved
it hope you were asking oh hold on of
young yeah
avi Anja thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciated
I really liked the last person orissa
and and it had been so long since we
filmed it I completely forgot about all
the movies oh yeah yeah yeah that was it
was interesting because I didn't watch
the movies this time so I was watching
it from a different perspective huh than
normal and what did you think of the
episode or just the movie episode it was
a quality episode it's something that I
think about often which is if I wasn't
part of the show would I watch it you
know yeah
I think the answers yes that's good a
surprise there was so many people that
were shocked that none of you knew who
Cynthia Rothrock was lots of comments
about that oh my god mostly just being
Mike
no yeah yeah Josh was I'm familiar with
her and I'm familiar right but it was
annoying cuz you guys in your discussion
you're talking about you know can you
think of another or any sort of
comparable female action star from that
era right and no one can think about it
and then I see it comments or everyone's
like we're probably too Hamilton in
Terminator 2 it's like that's one person
in one movies already one game at all
Sigourney Weaver is not an action hero
no we're talking about like a van Damme
tell you bro you know somebody just like
stunts and
Jackie Chan like that kind of thing her
only action role is Ripley Yeah right
and that's naughty I don't even know if
you can count that as an action just an
alien just an alien right and so I
thought it was weird that everyone went
to those two people and it's like that's
nothing at all only what we're talking
about the same with Linda Hamilton
that's not an action role until
Terminator 2 Ryan well that's what they
were saying yeah so that one role in
that one movie is comfortable Samantha's
entire career it's comparably to a sea
of Michael Dudek office
well obviously Cynthia Rothrock is on
the level of Michael duty cough those
are like B movies yeah actually yeah
that's painful oh but that's what I'm
saying like I can think of people like
Michael do to cough like and there were
a sea of dudes
sure yeah there's like so impressed with
her she's through stuff too she's in
like a like a horrible no budget
Expendables type movie like all-female
Expendables it's like her Vivica Fox
who else is in it Zoe Bell from Death
Proof the atmosphere and then like one
other person just like this for balls
degrade it might be in a silent movie no
not you know what I checked up on her
like on Twitter she's still like
fighting machine is still acting yes
like she's still around good for her a
great time that night but yeah like the
the important part is why didn't we know
about everything yeah and like I saw a
lot of comments that she did a ton of
foreign movies oh yeah she's making Hong
Kong Hong Kong that was it didn't quite
make the transition like under siege
yeah yeah and that's what you guys were
talking about yes like that like a
Steven Seagal I've never seen a Steven
Seagal movie you need to fix that I
don't know if I do is I need his face
there's something about his face
yes oh I hate him I do like hard to kill
them they kill okay for my birthday one
year her friend got me like a DVD much
Teddy oppa it's it's amazing because
Steven Seagal is an actual Aikido master
he can act like and there is video
footage of him doing his like final
Aikido training which is where like
eight dudes just attack you and you have
to defend yourself against eight dudes
and he he pushes them aside as if it was
choreographed so he was actually amazing
yeah but on screen has so little
Christmas yeah is like looking at a tree
stump
I have seen one movies he's in
machete there ever a tree goes bad but
that doesn't count he's all like weird
and bloated now hanging out with Putin
no and by the way I was unaware that
undefeatable was famously the source of
the best fight scene of all time
oh yeah the YouTube yeah oh yeah I
recognize it as soon as that that fight
started yeah yeah but even like seeing
the characters earlier it didn't click
until until they got shirtless and then
it's like oh my god I've seen this
before yeah yeah I think I had seen the
movie before that click went viral rich
apparently if you press R to keep doing
what you're doing because it does what
you wanted to yeah that's the lesson
this game is zone of the enders the
second thing the second is it's the
second one the second runner the second
runner runner is there one for island
your giant robot pilot they call it
okay the second ender
gum BOTS I I've only seen a couple
episodes of every frames painting oh
yeah people have recommended that I
haven't wanted to name it the
interesting there there's one that I
really liked I think that was kind of
dissecting Wes Anderson shot composition
and I thought that was really great the
one that I think was really bad he was
trying to explain comedy uh that time
bag and great thank you oh my god he was
trying to dissect Edgar Wright's comedy
editing hmm and I think he actually did
a really bad job of explaining why so
but it is more analytical it's not just
like a generic YouTube review things
yeah yeah and it's it's like showing
clips and showing examples and trying to
trying to explain why we like the things
you like I think some episodes are
really good I haven't I've only seen a
few though yes yes
people have recommended that what are my
thoughts on Nutella it's the greatest
thing in the world if sounds great if I
if if I could choose like you want you
get one food for the rest of your life
it would be peanut butter Nutella
sandwiches it it's like crack cocaine
what is it it's like chocolate and it's
it's chocolate and hazelnut okay but
it's it's not chocolate it's just like
cocoa powder so it's not terribly bad
for you and it's high in protein oh
really and so like you know you take
like a scoop of peanut butter scoop of
Nutella and that like helps curb some
cravings and it's not technically the
worst thing for you that's good as long
as you get like the sugar-free peanut
butter chocolate and Nutella sandwiches
honestly when does the game start this
is this is a rich Evans game right here
the game starts
I've seen danger 5 have you ever seen
danger 5 no it's on Netflix yeah yeah
it's British Australian okay I've only
seen the first season but it's very
funny is it they just did a second
season right they did I know the second
season is like 80s it takes place in the
80s or something yeah I know so little
about it the the first season is pitch
perfect every single bad Italian movie
was never seen oh yeah brilliant
the attention to detail like miniatures
for establishing shots Oh everybody is
overdubbed okay and it just slightly
doesn't match it's like Bert it's
perfectly not matching okay I could
watch this you really should watch it
derive its I can only attest for the
first season but conquer beer thank you
for subscribing we very much appreciated
danger five for someone asking other
titles it's very good engine all stained
your mouse that is a cartoon also a
hip-hop producer
not to be confused with mikeymouse which
is just a cartoon or modest mouse which
is just having also not to be confused
with the house of mouse which is a
series of Mickey Mouse cartoon just top
I'm just talking these are the things
that are coming into your head I'm
answering people's questions telegin I
know absolutely nothing about Top Gear
or Jeremy Clarkson what
Jeremy Clarkson is a host of a British
car show called Top Gear and familiar
with the title of the show yep
apparently he did something on the show
or outside of the show that was
controversial and so BBC decided to fire
you good welcome
yeah or whatever doesn't matter guess
what
he had a boss and the boss didn't like
we did fired there are people upset I
think it's unfair yeah I know nothing
about that literally that's all I know
is he said something or did something
either on the show or not on the show I
don't know that thing happens in a guy
you get fired a gun fired people get
fired all the time
so that's all I do fine it's fine
nothing nothing matters oh I did see it
did you see Jesse Eisenberg as my future
oh it's like a promo shot right I saw it
I didn't know if it was real or not like
it this looks like someone photoshopped
in balls yeah you know what it looked
like Jesse Eisenberg bald yeah pretty
much I don't care that movie's gonna
suck this is the we need to stop it
everyone listen to me I'm looking at the
microphone because this is really
important you need to stop giving a fuck
about Man of Steel if you stop talking
about it
if you stop clicking on the websites
that show these pictures then the
website will stop posting the pictures
because they're not getting ad revenue
because people aren't clicking on it and
if they stop posting the picture people
will stop caring about Man of Steel
which you should do you should not care
about it stop it lots of people do care
those Lots people like that Man of Steel
movie fucking it makes no sense makes no
sense
apparently this Jeremy cart Clarkson guy
punched someone he punched his producer
okay then I that's true even sure I
could see why I wouldn't want to someone
working for me to punch me yeah yeah
Master Kenobi double-oh-seven thank you
for subscribing for the past 10 months
we very much appreciated
what pictures should I be clicking on
right well this is the thing this is a
concept in naked ladies it's a great
thing you can find that on the Internet
yeah where or naked dudes if you want to
see a nigga do whatever you want
anything naked that you want to click on
there's there's a concept in free market
capitalism called the dollar vote right
which is by paying for something you are
essentially you are essentially voting
for that thing to exist right and the
same concept holds true on the internet
when you give someone to your view when
you click on something you are voting to
support that thing and so this is the
more we talk about it the more free
advertisement they get the more hype
that is generated for Man of Steel or no
or dawn of justice is that the name of
the Man of Steel dawn of Justice is that
the name of the movie
yes Man of Steel dawn of Justice awkward
yes or maybe no maybe it's just called
dawn of Justice okay that's that's
better
Oh maybe might as well just call it bad
it's it's all anyone cares about right
hey did you call Batman versus Superman
versus Aquaman versus Wonder Woman
versus like the movie a Michelle eighty
thank you for subscribing best seven
months now we very much appreciated know
people are saying this Batman vs suit
justice yeah that's still an awkward
title it's called Batman vs Superman no
I think well I guess that's to the point
yeah I guess it's but Batman vs Superman
: dawn of Justice makes it sound like a
sequel it is right it's veal man with
steel : Batman vs Superman : justice
that's the title right because
technically it's a Superman movie that
Batman is in I'm sure but they want to
they want to be sneaky about it so it's
like they want to do the things that
Marvel does but they don't know like
they are not doing them as well they're
not building up to it right
we finally had a hit with Man of Steel
so let's just rush right into every
other character showing up in the next
movie where it's like you have the
individual movies and then you have the
donuts just oh you got it you gotta jump
on it immediately
you know what Marvel is doing yeah we
want the same results but we don't want
to put in all that time it's because we
know the whole movies that's a lot of
work
we know that by we know that everyone's
gonna be rushing out these superhero
movies and so the fat is gonna die soon
so we should rush out more superhero
the Man of Steel dawn of the policy of
no refunds oh I kind of like that one
better Man of Steel also Batman muscle
hedonist that's a good name I like to
look at the costume yeah I'm just gonna
be completely negative I wanna be fine
I'm sure okay by the way are we putting
money down that Batman is gonna get into
like a giant Iron Man type contraption
oh yeah because that's what that is his
default like fight Superman in a giant
robot oh yeah that happens in the Frank
Miller right doesn't wear some sort of
suit yeah I haven't read that one wish
we never use it except when he's
fighting said Ryan even though that
would really come in handy like for
every other situation it's overkill in
any other situation yes it would make
the encounter end quickly
yeah
that's all we got strain sorry I fell
asleep for a minute there thanks for
coming out appreciate it thanks I'll do
some gardening
Jack please tell rich almost no one
knows about this trick in this game but
if you press r3 or l3 while a DA is
talking to you you know while ADA is
talking to you in-game
dingo s the main character will say
positive or negative things back to her
it's really cool enemies are coming in
for the red green force but join up you
can either oh no we're in trouble with
your sponsor I can take care of it with
the positive response and does that
affect the gameplay it's a cute little
thing it's like it's like you have these
L 3 and R 3 buttons and saying well why
the fuck don't we use there's one
there's one gameplay thing with these a
little bit later in the game there's a
spot where like the computer anus the
computer little robots ok estimated
battle time this is 90 seconds and if
you hit the positive response you like I
can do better than that and then a
little timer pops up on the screen and
if you beat the time you get a little
special hidden item oh that's neat yeah
yeah other than there's no game it's
just it's just the meat okay no I think
an r LM cooking show will be really
boring we've actually talked about do
realize this is a joke
it'd be like the Weaver cooks those
videos
they'll just be like opening cans and
putting things on plates right and then
putting them in the microwave this is a
sandwich it's peanut butter Nutella the
first thing you have to do cover it
evenly now you can use the same knife
but then you will get a little bit of
peanut butter you can give me tell a jar
but that's fine because there's a show
there's an episode right there
make it happen let's do it tomorrow well
you guys didn't know we're filming it
right now yeah
no internet producer has ever had a good
cooking show no I've seen no I know I've
seen one episode and I know it's very
popular
there is a youtube cooking show called
the nerdy nummies
that's a horrible title it's it's a very
it's a very energetic young lady and and
it's it's sickening as a grown-ass man
to watch her because she's just so happy
making adorable things it's like shut up
already but I do I hate it I do I hate
it I do
and I just hate it because I'm a cynical
old man but I know it's why are you so
happy about food right
oh you made a cake that looks like Kirby
Lodi fucking duh
oh you made a cake that has rainbow
layers so it's pretty when you cut into
it
fuck you but I know it's popular amongst
younger viewers
because it's a super happy lady making
videogame food desserts I don't always
have cute things but like it's when
they're excessively sweet I'm usually a
pretty positive person but even even I
have my limits yeah is it like does it
feel phony is that food I don't know
maybe maybe I'll never know I'll never
watch it
someone's keeping track of all the
things I haven't seen that I've
mentioned tonight that I haven't seen
how Steven Seagal movies show whatever
else we were talking about no it's not
like excessive niceness makes me upset
it's just ha ha it's just fun like
sometimes you just want to say fuck yeah
it's true yeah very true no and I'm sure
she's being a good performer like you
know she knows she has to put on a show
her didn't get and maybe she is she's
just super happy she cooks pretty tube
and gets millions of views and she's the
happiest person in the world for her
Oh someone's asking about well they say
the dennis quaid they mean randy quaid
have you heard about the Randy Quaid sex
tape
you've seen it nothing out the clip that
went viral like an actual sex tape Oh
with him and his wife and barking dog
there's no way about the one where he's
wearing the Rupert Murdoch no no I think
the reason he made the whole sex tape is
because that clip was so popular oh no
it's like explicit sex video Randy Quaid
looking like a homeless man why would
why would why for attention and because
they're both mentally ill yeah yeah no
that River move up clip yeah yeah yeah I
watched that and like people were
talking about howling crazy and funny in
it's like it just makes me sad no way no
I have my limits you know what I can
honestly say I never had thought that in
my entire life and you already know cuz
you can just watch Christmas vacation
and that's one of the visual Gaghan it
is his pants are so tight that you can
yeah what is this I know he wears the
shirt that's so tight you can see the
Dickey under right isn't that same
season it's no I want to say it's like
it's no it's just throughout like his
pants were tight you can see his his
dick bulge and that's why later
remember the the wife is calling the
police and she says it's a large bulging
man oh it's because you can see his dick
I look never notice apparently I look at
his crime look at people's dicks and
that's just what I do apparently I've
also seen Christmas vacation some 1,000
times that is a holiday staple was no
sure until you rig
check why do you notice this right it's
bulging also for the person who asks are
they scrolled up and I can't see anymore
they wanted to know rich if we were
going to give Dark Souls another try
after playing a little bit of fun I
never said I hated Dark Souls we played
up one night I was playing it while
streaming and getting bad advice
yes wacky stream we've talked about this
before that wasn't a judgment on the
game no but I what I can say is the
little bit of blood-borne that I played
so far does get me make me interested in
playing more Dark Souls yes yes
Jack confirmed for dick no desert 100%
sure okay
ever seen back really
then we've always got a bump in oh jesus
that one I didn't like this
that's impossible not to notice it's
hard to say I'm assuming it's simple
Constance
sure I'd never seen Libran maybe you'd
like a wall cam great legend day I
watched great makeup great van Gogh in
Korean that maybe looks fantastic
yeah no you know what I don't know if
I've ever seen Lambert Wow watch it with
your kids lots of great creatures in it
and and David Bowie's dick
when I was kid when I was a kid I was
watching this is a I can't when I was a
kid I was watching labyrinth with my
grandma and my grandmother asked me what
it was and I said David Bowie is king of
the fairies and she started crying not
king of the fairies okay
and you know what I bet David Bowie
would be king in the various absolutely
he's king of everything by the way David
Bowie's awesome yeah mall rat Cole thank
you for subscribing we very much
appreciate these past States
I'm saying that David Bowie is too much
man for any gender I'm I'm saying there
are there are very few people in this
situation David Bowie one Prince is
another where they had the pants party
and everyone was invited but everybody
fucking showed up I mean that's just how
it works was the tomb really honestly
worse than the item yes yes I mean a lot
of people just that that is the worst
movie nothing but words like the Idaho
was art school garbage but I want to say
there was genuine like effort behind it
we were engaged by the heat yes there
was nothing to be engaged by in the -
yeah okay we were not exaggerating when
we called the tomb a straight-up scam
allegedly the item was almost you know
like normally we look for some bad it's
funny yeah the item was more we hated it
so much it was almost in some ways
enjoyable really so much it was good at
least it's getting some sort of passion
of feeling ology right oh man and did I
hate that movie the item yeah yeah I
hate that guy the director or whatever
it was mark is that it closes first I
think to to me logic oh yeah yeah I mean
I didn't see all the tomb but row books
like that I was about to tweet something
very special just realized I hadn't
tweeted that we were streaming in oh and
I'm about to tweet two very special
something's the chat remind you no no I
remembered
so get on Twitter right now promises
promises fulfilled
