Rich is Even more Slightly Less Awesome - TL (Part 1)
January 25, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l9avv2L2vcs

various that's great Oh rich yeah they
want you to name your characters after
the crew from Farscape maybe you guys
are funny sometimes Oh mokey b85 is
saying all they need is a slap happy
Jack and I got myself a shock ma you
might get it I don't you know who knows
LA we're going but our wishing fto oh
now I am yes what ship do we want oh I
don't know but first of all I just need
to have mentioned as Clem Fandango has
is Jack we have now turned on you were
you ever turned with me this is this is
the reed of question if you were I'm
sorry that you've turned away I'm sure
I'll say another thing everything on
what that's weird
Oh cuz it's the new computer mm-hmm okay
yeah yeah all right well I don't quite
have everything unlock and I got a real
Mach everything oh I probably have that
say I don't know I know I've got that
save backed up I just gotta go look for
I don't have it here but
is it oh is this they're saying is this
your steam one and not your genius it
might be yeah yeah okay all right what
ship do we want what's what's the
consensus and chef put up what will be
fun like what will be a legitimate
challenge for you what look you want
challenger overpowered or what are we
what are we looking that's fun yeah well
here's what I would like guilty guilty
mom sure Red Dog guilty MA thank you
you're subscribing we really appreciate
it
it's true we do I would like you to play
with the ship Seymour what have you seen
I've so not the first three No Steph
could be fun
do you want to go stealth type beep it's
just the different layout the different
calm be might be fun
these got the clave sure yeah why not
if like will that be a nice challenge
for you because I know like you are very
good at this game and so I want to make
sure that it is genuinely challenging to
me as well I think that will be fun for
us
jet stealth error stealth be ah turn
flukes thank you for subscribing we very
much appreciated a or be chat air beep
what's the difference between a and B
B's got the glaive which is a very
powerful weapon but it takes an
extremely long time to charge up so you
might get hit a lot cuz that thing has
no shields oh okay yeah oh they're all
saying B everyone wants B everyone wants
B everyone's be alright
normal easy or Harvard all normal I
didn't give a thanks did you not bowl of
Special K Wow of Special K thank you for
subscribing and your patience we really
appreciate it
yes thank you for letting us know we
apologize great alright so make sure you
enable advanced content which is it not
already I'll see I get them yes and I
were to install fudge packard thank you
for subscribing really appreciated oh
that's mean that's just mean I don't
know if I can get behind that
fudge packer much Packard yeah whatever
I'm thinking about naming the crew after
Farscape carriages but it's always been
a thing where we named them after people
in the chat so let's let's get some chat
people here fudge Packard Robert Bazar
jaw thank you for Rees absque reiben for
the past three months
we very much a pretty sure who is who's
one of our six bouncers from earlier
Farscape Episode six thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it got
fat a fat God fat a forty two thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
alright I'm not I'm not gonna pick you
just because you're a fresh son I get it
I get it
mr. mr. Smythe shall Watson
jerk he's my only death in my ex come
run so I'm gonna give him a second shot
at life Barbarella
wants to make sure that fudge packard
has proper character motivation okay
weightless his first one I'm looking at
and then we will name more from there
okay how's about volume is if I am
overpowering or weird in the game maybe
turn the volume down a little bit
big neutral has never been named I'll
tell you what dick neutral first crew
member we pick up
he's dick neutral you maybe turn that
game volume down volume down yeah just a
little bit to say yeah I'm muted it for
a second and it's a little overpowering
okay little more I'm sure it said people
are saying it was good already but
trying to listen to us talk in my ears
while we are also talking I did to
update the stream title already that's
good actually yet baby level you have it
at now is very good Richard a rebel ship
Hills we did not fight a war to let a
single Federation ship shatter our
dreams there galaxy he locks his weapons
alright so charge up are extremely long
charging weapon the oh the excitement
begins oh now people people are are
rooting for fudgepacker to die oh fudge
Packard apparently is gonna go on a lot
of away mission rub some people the
wrong way Jack apparently apparently by
pointing out why things are bad that's
fine I'm gonna be fine with that I'm
gonna need to do some mild keyboard
config stuff here
how sure
yeah I can't pause like normal iron
options
come hey it configure your keyboard
hotkeys pause pause rich they're telling
you to send me to the space spiders I
will do what is what is good for the
good of all that is what I will do
absolutely no more no less
goodbye ship explodes leave behind a
substantial collection of useful scrap
material yes what are you playing on
easy normal normal it's been been a
while since I've played it I'm out of
practice your store I can't buy anything
but that's a dead end
we're going to start
tales of interest wants to know if I
have any on-screen roles in space goblin
I appear in space cop four times discuss
cameos I play I play four different
characters in space gun and I will not
tell you which four you will have to
well we'll make that a thing once it
comes out you'll have to see if you can
spot me all four times
but I've had a good time maybe actually
and maybe even five I'll have to go
through it and see what makes it into
the final cut I might be in it even five
times you have encountered a refugee
ship drifting in space and looks as if
it was fleeing the rebel advance and I
ran out of fuel
it's distress beacon is active but
you're not sure anyone is on board hail
them or ignore the refugees we're doing
like this I mean this is just me playing
this are we like oh I already click and
he'll anyway so the point oh this is
just you playing okay just play how you
normally would as you hail the freighter
it advances weapon is bristling from its
home
it's a pirate ambush a Margrave destroy
some shit that's that's what the glaive
does it just destroys shit it wrecks
your shit I want to I want to see this
weapon in action I can't wait I cannot
wait and no I think we've talked about
this before by the way fuck bought 5,000
does not appear in space gob no I Paul I
apologize for any disappointment it's
not it's not the right vehicle for
family we're trying to make serious
movie all right you win here's some
equipment from our stores leave us alone
accept the offer or we will not accept
surrender ah I like three fuel is that
what it is three fuel and eight scrap
ate scraps kind of shit but I was
talking with Jay earlier today about
some stuff he was doing for space cop
over the weekend
we were going over some technical stuff
he's I am also very excited to see space
cop slavers by the way ooh nicely but
it's a Zoltan vessel hmm we've we've got
that glaive but it's gonna be weak
against a super shield that's a slow
charging weapon we're gonna have to get
two shots off two shots just to get
through their shield to get her one big
one to take the super shields down the
other one to destroy them oh Jesus
but we get crew member yeah I mean
obviously go for it it's not that
obvious check oh is it and we're gonna
go for oh yeah go for it
I need to hit as many rooms as possible
this being Jack the handsome are you
guys taking 12 years to make the next
blinky review you probably will stop
after four years because of lack of
motivation we should do it wrong just
because we have to I think I don't know
if we talked about it yet today but I
mean you guys know when the next blink
interview is coming out and spoiler and
the next blinker view is going to be on
why boyhood deserves to win all the
Oscars it's going to be a serious
thought piece not only on the epic
masterpiece that is boyhood but why
awards are now useless because it
boyhood wins them all that could have
been much worse
yeah oh yeah what happened good things
all around yay now we fuck their shit up
plug it on up alright we got out we have
a AAA AAA AAA mentis we're gonna accept
that offer great what sir what Stan he
could be sensors I said that was gonna
be dick neutral right yep
remind me where I go to do this
ship crew there we go
dick neutral asexual Budman yes right
dick Newton dick Newton I like them I
like dick Newton
my only fear for space cop is that it
won't be as good as boyhood I mean it
won't be making movies is now kind of
pointless because boyhood exists but
they started making space cop before
they saw boyhood so they have an
obligation to finish it but after that
they're not making any more movies
because they won't be as good as boyhood
you're absolutely right there's no great
reason to stop at the stores I got I
mean I got 26 crap jack that's nothing
right that's nothing also just just
killing the bed rich
oh sorry jack sorry general I don't mean
to step on your material I'm just
playing yeah my material J and legs
matera I'm just trying to keep the bit
aligned we've run that into the ground
shoe are they they're still bringing it
up so I'm keeping when does it get to
die and when to win the chance
it was recently exhumed because of the
inherent vice Oscar special right the
boyhood bed and so everyone's excited
about the bit again because it just
recently Pima and 14 the past show oh
wow that's a lot of fire where's my
airlock on this thing you just flee
there's no point sticking around my
engines up that's gonna burn my engines
oh fuck fuck fuck this is it this is the
end of the run so sorry could not have
and of course it's in the engine room
again I hear you need an engine to fly
in space Jack shut the fuck up okay I
will
we lost somebody
oh we lost two people this is it that's
going to be god fucking bullshit bow
ends alright yeah yeah you soldiering on
yeah alright who died who did we lose
two people fudge cracker and dick
neutral of the only ones left standing
yes mr. shy smile died again and was
something round was it that's right
fudge packard lives to fight another day
he's there a little bloody fire brew
fire in the oxygen room will kill you
every time yeah yeah it really well the
fudge packer didn't dick neutral the
held sanity
oh there's no oxygen in the yeah we're
fucked
we're officially fucked all right well
thanks for coming out of nothing
I'm sure we can start another one we
should so now we tried one that would be
challenging right and got a little fog I
I know I could do a lot better than this
do you want to try another one like this
or do you want to just pick a ship that
you know can dominate everything
my question for you rich you need to win
this ship to the agents don't air the B
coz I know I know this can go better
okay yeah just wanna give it I mean air
is everyone dead or are you everyone
okay what do you want to do we're going
on that ship yeah let's go again let's
do it let's do this if I can do it um I
need some Redemption tonight all right
hi this is what I'm saying s1 edge
hammer you're going to be a crew member
you know what the problem was
what fudgepacker was on that curveball
where was the always fudgepacker the
captain I think like the next first one
I see GS hots
G shots I guess from there saying call
it Moya h20 h2o but uh Alejandra 'qs
42 thank you for subscribing for the
past of three months
we very much appreciate all three of
those months
all right fuck this we're kicking ass
now never just we're gonna we're gonna
fucking kick everything's ass I'm not on
the ship its feet it's gonna kick all
sorts of asses I'm just gonna stay back
here in the hangar going wait guys did
you need this part didn't you just go up
into space and your wing will fall off
or something
oh god beamship first thing oh that's
the worst thing that can happen in a
cell ship how can you rename the ship I
did my uh oh you name the ship Malaya
great there you go
good we wanted to sleep do it
now this isn't doom 3 I updated the
stream we're playing faster than light
there is not a new movie coming out
health girlhood I will not believe that
is that true Jim if it were true that
saying Birdman three times makes Michael
Keaton appear to accept an award I would
say it right now
Birdman Birdman Birdman
I am Michael Keaton what oh my god I
accept this award on behalf of all the
words it really worked I'd like to thank
everyone for believing in our little
project and I was just happy to be a
part of a great team
there is maybe called pyramid come on
I'm Google's right now what is this
obsessed with her family setting
dead-end school prospects and the boys
law in the neighborhood Meryem starts a
new life after meeting a group of three
free-spirited girls she changes her name
her dress code and quit school to be
accepted in a gang hoping that this will
be a way to freedom girlhood okay so
it's not like a sequel to boyhood to
cult a girl hood it's just a movie
called the girl hood about a girl
seemingly in a hood all right when when
you said there's a movie called girlhood
I was assuming it would be a a slapped
together sequel to boyhood
so that's it
Jack and rich do you guys believe that
TV quality has gone up while movie
quality yes hey Hollywood has gone down
yes
Hollywood forgot that stories and
characters are important and TV realized
hey we have a full season and and
multiple seasons to develop a character
they went in opposite directions I agree
so that's it I do I wish I do wish there
was more of an end game with some TV
seasons I think we all learned a big
lesson with the the writers strike what
did you learn Jack that that some shows
need a definitive ending and can't go on
just forever and so I do wish that some
shows have like instead of you know last
like being able to last up to 12 season
then all of a sudden just shut down a
bin they would make a plan like okay
here season one here's how season one
can be its own encapsulating story all
right season two its own unique story
still using stuff from season 1 but
season 2 is something I would love to
see more of that
so she's long stories yeah like season
long
arches octo GRU having a tie being made
from guitar picks is that what I'm
seeing I don't know if I can approve of
that it looks weird it looks like a
dragon scale tie what kind of shits do
it
octo Jay said Jack what do you do you
approve of my new custom tie I'm having
made and it looks like a necktie made
out of guitar picks my life it's what
you want right right it looks like Oh
kale armor yeah it looks like dragon
scales what kind of shirt would you wear
that with is my question a normal shirt
a roughly shirt uh would you wear that
with a jacket a vest not a vest you
couldn't wear that under anything would
you wear that with a jacket a suit I
don't know I don't know how I feel about
that but I'm uh I'm fairly conservative
when it comes to my dress
what's your jacket so I mean I don't
approve because it's something that I
wouldn't or I guess that's the thing
it's something that I wouldn't wear but
I I encourage you to try some weird shit
and go go for it it's not on me would
you work with a zoot suit or a
stepladder they wear it with only socks
and it'll look great right mall radical
if he wears it with just the tie and
nothing else but that's great dye so I'm
going on rich something going in keep
bringing the turnips mmm they're very
bad when you don't have shields sure
sure
oh we got crew member though oh that's
great all right let's fix our damage
your name will be something all right
all right
crocodile brain peat pizza-guy low XD
says I want to ask Jack about more shit
he likes / hates but I'm afraid I'll end
up hating him for it I already do hi
that's that's the tough thing when you
are a big fan of something I'm someone
else is not pizza guy but you know you
got to take that risk if you want to
have a conversation about something you
have to take that risk and it could be
something I really enjoy or it could be
something I really really hate I say go
for exampie thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
it also could be Zenit E what Zenit E
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it does that make you happy
Jack you know does that satisfy you that
that's how I was going to pronounce it
so
no dick newsreel that's fine I'm okay
with if you strongly disagree with my
feelings on Farscape many people do rich
Evans being one of us there there are
certain things in in movies and TV shows
that are important to me that are less
important to other people good shot
jeomsun York remember now oh there you
go there you go
you've been drafted you didn't ask but
you've been drafted it's a dictatorship
the rebels are valiantly fighting
against a horrible dictatorship and yeah
you are remember the dictatorship so I'm
sorry you're drafted welcome to my ship
you're gonna die
right welcome to my ship but you're
gonna die what do I have time for I
don't know what do you have time for uh
have I watched yeah I watched a little
bit of house of cards rich have you ever
seen did you ever watch house of cards
the Netflix original series starring
Kevin Spacey as a no as a Washington I
think he's a governor he's a governor of
Georgia fucking beep ships sorry and
he's playing on these a Washington DC
political game it's very good very good
liked it I don't know if I got very far
in it but I liked it Kevin Spacey is
great as always
that's not true
pizza guy la like Steve pizza guy low
like Steve says what do you think of
this half in the bag show I watched four
episodes of it but I just didn't know
what their motivations were and that's
not true because they clearly state
their motivations at the beginning of
every skip they're always looking to get
more money out of that dastardly old mr.
Plunkett so they do a good job of
explaining their characters motivations
before talking about some random movie
that they do stuff
governor whip whatever motivations right
he's a governor I believe he's a
governor he had was the Democratic
majority whip followed by the labor
oh he's a right you see the president
now spoilers alert come on on I am I
didn't I liked what I saw
I just didn't there was uh there was one
episode it's it's a Netflix original
show right so it doesn't have the
biggest budget and one of the episodes
has one of the most comically blatant
product placement I think I've ever seen
in my entire life which is Kevin Spacey
is talking to this other governor or
someone else in the government and he's
trying to convince him to do something
for the Democratic Party right and he's
talking to this other guy about his kids
and whatnot and it goes Wow and uh Kevin
Spacey has a southern accent right he's
from Georgia he's like wow what what is
that over there on the table is Anna one
of them PS Vita's well I hear the PS
Vita has a enormous gaming selection I'm
sure your children are really happy to
have them I'm not lying to you this is
an actual thing second show uh and it
was just so blatant that it was comical
not saying that that ruined the show for
me was just I'm sorry your Vita was just
it wasn't this dude that was that was
the actual product placement for the
PlayStation being okay because I have a
large selection yes that's why they
tried to advertise for it by saying it
has a large selection unless it was a
snarky joke by a writer who doesn't like
the Vita no no that this is an act this
was I looked it up it was actual product
placement for the Vita it was a very
very funny it's got such a reputation
for not having games I instantly assumed
that was a joke yes that's why it's very
it's comical
that's that's the whole thing it's very
very it's very very funny the the poor
product but but it's a good job my likes
good deal pass the cards just didn't
stick with it yes and I know dead dak it
is kind of a running theme that he's a
gamer it's it's a little it's a weak
running theme but he does mention it
earlier that he likes video games and
stuff like that so it makes sense but
with with like the southern accent and
he's like an older Southern gentleman it
comes across as comical when he's
talking about that PS Vita ie that has a
wonderful game selection yeah I didn't
waste a cloak sacred house cards my
abandoned Farscape no I didn't stick
with either I I can't tell you exactly
why I stopped watching house of cards I
guess I just stopped caring I still
think it's a good show I just stopped
caring I don't know if that means
anything I cannot it I cannot quantify
why I stopped watching house of cards
ooh you've got an achievement for
something okay
nonsense great great
great well your vessels gonna get
destroyed I'm sorry I don't have any
disabling weaponry I'm supposed to take
this thing alive Shh
can't happen actually I don't I mean
obviously if you can get any scrap out
of it do that but if it's gonna cost you
so much points where the scrap won't
even heal yet doesn't matter good it's
that fix that now
crewman your goal but I know I just made
up the crew misname even though I named
him something else it's a good question
Villa hecka wants to know if can you get
a shield with the ship or is it just
permanently have no she didn't buy one
okay okay no I did not see boyhood
because two people who I agree with some
of the time said it was a terrible movie
Oh God we're fleeing flee runaway and I
just don't care I don't care about his
movies that much where I would have that
great of an interest in seeing him what
a fucking waste I agree and so they
would be a waste of my time to see
boyhood so no I don't plan on seeing it
I try not to talk too poorly about it
because I haven't seen it but from what
I've heard it would not be my thing
rich likes Venture Brothers right really
loved it
yeah don't if they're talking about what
happened don't tell me anything I
haven't I've heard they just started the
new season okay don't don't read the
chat then someone just mentioned that
they liked the new special okay great
and that last that last jump sucked
what's my favorite Led Zeppelin song the
one where they talk about the girl and
loving the girl I like that one
I'm I don't listen to much music I don't
know much about me I mean I listen to
music a lot
I don't like know a lot about music so
don't ask me about music ask Josh about
music when we have him on again he likes
a lot of music so someone was asking
what it's like to be a dad you tell
little people what to do and sometimes
they listen almost never they almost
never lose that now you know there's
some things that wasn't it sounds
dreadful that's fine yeah yeah I enjoy
it I enjoy it if there's any little part
of you that thinks you might not enjoy
it then don't because it's tough it's
very very tough but in general I like it
there are moments that make it worth it
Led Zeppelin Lord of the Rings Robert
Plant yeah yeah Josh is a music pro he
knows a lot about music he's the music
guy now don't ask me about music I do I
have horrible taste in music and I'm
okay with that like what I like this
game oh are you having another batter on
fire in the accident room again again
what are you doing fixing it do you
think I'm doing jack what do you think
about the people who point out
Illuminati symbols and YouTube videos I
never watched one of those neither have
i good for them
I'm sure it's just as helpful as people
who point out why that blur but in a
video is an alien spaceship form YouTube
videos I'm sure both of them are equally
as accurate and output
Jack what do you think which band
started heavy-metal The Beatles or the
who I think that was the Monkees started
any metal monkeys are you doing rich
okay that's great I'm told that Pike
Beach charges that I'm not doing okay oh
why are then Teddy jacks thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciated
someone is asking about my favorite
haunts in betrayal at house on the hill
we've I've only done like seven or eight
of them out of the 50 you Ken D we
played a very fun one where we didn't
know who the traitor was either the game
starts off cooperatively and at some
times during the and half of the game
someone turns into a bad guy but it was
it was randomized and blindfolded and so
none of us knew who the bad guy was and
that was a really fun haunt
turd Ferguson asks why did they cancel
Firefly because they were spending more
money on it than revenue they were
gaining through app sales the answer
that no one was watching no one watched
Firefly and so they couldn't charge
enough for ants and so they weren't
making enough money and it was an
expensive show large cast special
effects amazing it's it's not it's not
rocket science that show had terrible
numbers it's a it's a great show it's a
great story and it's found its place on
Netflix but it just cost too much money
and wasn't doing well enough
Fox is a business and they have to earn
money
Jack recommend me a board game that's
not Catan well that depends
but rail betray land house on the hill
is a really fun game it's it's very akin
to a dungeon crawler where you you
layout your dungeon floor every time you
play so it's a little bit different in
the game is a little different every
time so I've been having a lot of fun
playing that over the weekend we played
a game called bang ba ng which is kind
of it's it's almost like a cowboy themed
RPG card game very fun if you've ever
played again if you've ever played
munchkin which I think we've had you
play munchkin yes
very similar to that only it's cowboy
themed where you get like different guns
and you can shoot people and there's a
sheriff it was really great what blew up
I don't know I'm gonna watch the replay
what happened I don't know I don't know
there's there's lots of oh my god what
blew up what killed the chip I have no
idea what killed the ship Chet what
killed the ship was there somebody in
the accident room too and I didn't
notice how what time is the jacket it is
11:20 so I mean if you want to call it
and we can
well--we're we need you know we're
almost caught up right on youtube we
have a couple more days and so this will
give us a couple we'll make it to
Wednesday you know it's it's do what you
want to do oh my god one more and we're
gonna do with that same fucking ship and
we're gonna fuckin do it this time I
don't give a shit are you sure yeah I'm
here I'm rubbish the same shit yes
I mean alright do it do it for
fudge-packers
these guys are dead so we need to do we
need to do a new crew we need uh not
gonna reboot you this is some 30 year
old movie franchise hold on right so
we're back
there we go all right pizza guy whoa xD
you are now crewmember slangy oh I'm
Jim's the old name that's terrible
in any case you are now crew member from
Admiral fart bar cause you asked nicely
they're saying that my Farscape talk has
ruined the whole evening I think my
first dates are disputed Jacobi spell
Admiral oh god you're asking me well
then I'll type it and I'll see if the
spell check add a G mi RA L mi okay the
dude 1944 thank you for subscribing we
very very much appreciate it here we go
damn this game the stealth ships are not
easy but I've done much much better with
ship
oh and I forgot to rename it Moya oh
well sorry
Katerina Moya failed me last time so
fuck that's true Hagen I might have
ruined everything with my fire escape
time I thought it was a nice
conversation I thought it was some good
back and forth
it was a fine conversation you were just
wrong about everything you said you mean
even when I was like citing specific
examples and yeah I know yeah absolutely
setting specific examples and pointing
out why that would lead someone to these
conclusions no I've never listened to
the serial podcast I don't have much
time to listen to podcasts anymore
sometimes if I get into a particularly
effects-heavy edit I'll have a lot of
time to listen to music or listen to
podcasts which I enjoy but lately the
things I've been editing require me to
listen to them so I can't listen to
other things like right now I'm working
on a music video so obviously I need to
listen to the music while editing it so
I can't listen to other things more
better yes Farscape was the one with
Kevin Sorbo it was it was Kevin Sorbo
Lucy Lawless and and Ian array me that
that was are you making a joke that you
were watching the wrong show the whole
time because I this is all an elaborate
setup that would have been genius and
you should just take credit for that
right now and say you love first game
jack know I know it's a here bowl of
special casing Jack you lost the
argument when you used Voyager as an
example of a good show I never said I
liked I enjoyed Voyager I accept it for
what it is like it's not my favourite
trek by far but you know who's fine I
never said that Voyager was a good show
I said that Voyager handle
the storytelling aspect of having an
overarching goal correctly every week we
knew exactly what they were doing and
they mentioned what they were doing or
they were doing what they were doing
every week they were trying to get home
and then something got in the way
something happened they handled the
storytelling element correctly I never
said that it was a good show he was if
it's a fine show I watched him I watched
it and I enjoyed it there were some
really good episodes in that and
celibate until they absolutely ruined
the board which I think we've talked
about before that was the barber ruined
in first contact babe they just they
were just running with the Borg that
first contact create boy I hate that I
hate it the line the mindless drone Borg
the Queen that's retarded retard yes
100% that is all first contacts fault
100% retarded but Voyager kept it going
and it was terrible their whole Borg
thing was there
