Mark O" Da Ninja (Part 1)
August 16, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i7Men4B3vUs

okay great I fixed it you know it fixes
it all right fresh start fresh start
turning it off and turning it back on
again that's what figures it okay
everybody
hi welcome we're here now it's working
for reals now good job we figured it out
we turn it off and turn it back on again
what's rule number one I'm tech support
rich turn it off and turn it back on
yeah sad is that but sometimes it works
as far as rocket League tonight we're
streaming off of Jack's computer and
Jack has rocket League on his ps4 which
we don't have here right so there will
be no stream of rocket League tonight
though we're probably both going to go
home and play
we've also streams rocket League our
last three streams yeah so we wanted to
give it a little break though we did
hear that there will be some in chat
rocket League you playing and I know
we're just wait for us to get home it'll
take us about 20 minutes half hour to
get home after this yeah well organize a
private room and uh yeah
maybe we could organize our own
tournament mm-hmm
if there's enough of us here who play
rocket League yeah maybe we do like
doubles and do a tournament yep yeah
I'll give out like a room key man and a
password again and yeah we'll organize
it the chat great I think that's a great
idea fucking love rocket League so hard
I'm finding excuses to play it all the
time
there's no excuse not to play it okay
the only excuse not to play it is
because we've streamed it the last three
streams yeah so I couldn't do it again
even though I wanted to now even though
I wanted to play nothing but rocket
I'm playing it right now not shot yeah
they're coming this way
speaking of I have been playing speaking
of rocket League I have been playing a
little more of Gallic Z and for anyone
who is here for that we kind of got a
little bored of that on Sunday a little
we kind of got very bored of that on
Sunday I'd say a lot I'm gonna whop were
that and I have been giving it more of a
chance I've been playing it more and
more and more and I don't think it's a
good game
I haven't made my foot you keep it's
Langan I keep playing it because I want
it to be a good game it's fun and
actually the the floaty space battles
yeah are very fun because you know it's
asteroids it's real kind of Spacey
physics right right and that's fun the
issue is you can pull yourself up with
the floaty controls which is very
purposeful you end up dying a lot and
that your death is not necessarily your
fault I'm gonna compare it to something
like spelunky and you die a lot in
spelunky but every death in spelunky
feels like it was your mistake because
the controls are so tight you know like
every jump is purposeful if they're all
clean purposeful whereas in galaxy
because your ship is so floaty you end
up in spikes you end up running into
alien enemy fire and to me it's fun it's
fun it's a bad game you know what I'm
saying is what I'm saying is the combat
is fun but because it's a roguelike good
that remain and if you die you have to
start over from the very beginning the
combat is not the game is not fun the
combat is fun but you lose a lot of
health
you lose a lot of life each combat and
that makes the overall game not fun if
that means anything that makes any sense
at all so I think I would like this game
a lot more if it wasn't a roguelike Jack
nobody wants to hear any more about that
game galaxy I think it's dead well I'm
just lab rate my thoughts on galaxy a
little more the ink from your tattoo has
home juice do you need the mic closer to
your mouth apparently apparently I need
the mic closer to my mouth what what mic
are you on on this thing here this 1 3 3
I'm turning the volume up on 3 yeah yeah
oh my god 3 is that like one no no no no
it's that 9 no what's that one 3 3 oh
that's at the time oh my god I thought
it was straight that's a ok I mean I've
turned me up a little bit more so now I
should be a little louder
everyone hates that game Jack Galaxy
good well I hopefully everyone has come
to the same conclusion that I did which
is the game is kind of bad let's let's
talk about this fantastic stealth game
market an engine yes mark of the ninja
is a fantastic stuff this darkness and
does the look of this game is just
fucking perfect
like I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna take
this guy out erection I'm gonna sneak by
him I need to take out the light yeah so
I use my my dart yeah and he can't see
well so he goes look at that nobody's
looking at that look at this look at
this sneak up behind him and murder
murder murder there's nowhere to hide it
but I'm dragging the body you can hide
the bodies like oh there's a doorway a
dark alcove you can throw the body in
like a dark
dark alcove here's here's this thing
here this this Japanese thing I'm hiding
behind it I'm hidden behind a thing
because you're hidden mm-hmm it's a
great visual cues I know there's a thing
great visual cues in this game I'm
double checking to see if this is a PC
on the game mark of a ninja
yeah I'm sure that some of the things
actually only PC and Xbox 360 yeah
that's it but available on Mac Windows
and Linux and damn it they saw me they
saw me 360 rich you fucked up well he
turned around with a flashlight
hmm oh shit I fucked up the stove I
fucked up the stealth kill but it's okay
it's okay
did the Spider Man hang and if he walks
under me I'm gonna kill him walk under
me no god damn you I wanted to the
Spider Man kill well fuck you if I'm not
gonna do the spider Michael I'm just
gonna run it behind you and stab you
then fuck you fuck you and die I'm gonna
cut your head off then I'm just gonna
stand that was that was so unprotected
there yeah yeah I feel sorry for you but
I'm gonna suck this guy under this great
cuz that's what I do yeah ninja ninja
kill ninja ninja rap so moving on yep
that's a great idea to the chandelier
double kill congratulations we should
have lunch evidence key play this game
on stream I don't Len does not strike me
as one who plays games no I'm you know
in the in the little interaction I have
with Len before before I met Len and
realize he is a really cool guy what is
really really cool guy before we met him
I had this vision in my mind that it
would be kind of like a Neanderthal okay
I'm completely wrong about that by the
way but I mean you never you never know
that's true you never know lenz
multi-talented guy he might love just
getting games in general or he might be
too adult he's got like you know he's
got a job and a kid and a wife he's got
better things to do meaning it really
does it's true - a whole business it's
true I was I was talking to rich earlier
everyone was talking about that's not
what I wanted to do bookworm adventures
and you know which was saying that you
know bookworm adventures is only a
caring yeah I think Karen needs to play
alpha bear know it sounds stupid has
been playing alpha bear for iOS it might
be an Android as well
it's a letter it's a word hunting game
where the the more letters you can use
in your word the bigger and more
adorable bear you can unlock yeah yeah
invoker of adventures you fucking beat
up monsters I don't want to make a bear
I don't wanna make a cute bear Jack he's
adorable
no I want to murder things I'm an adult
I'm gonna murder things in my my cartoon
spelling game yeah but like sometimes
like if you can clear all words in one
row you make a really tall skinny bear
and it looks so weird
it's adorable you want to make a tall
skinny bear you could make it tall in it
you know what some of the bears wear
hats it's pretty great pair is normally
big and hairy mm-hmm
and you'd know about these things get it
you know what I'm saying
you know what I'm saying I do my kids
don't understand the concept of video
game streaming so they have no thoughts
on the fact that I stream video games
they watch me play video games and enjoy
it we play lots of games together they
were playing a little bit of rocket
League but they just but I had to stop
them from playing it because they
decided it was more fun to try to drive
on the rise in the ceiling Wow it's fine
we were in an online match rich you
could have them play of shit that's fine
oh well that was the thing like they
wanted to play I was like I was sure you
can play now you know as I'm right in
the middle of an online match and I
wants a deal and I was winning and I
gave him the controller but they weren't
even trying the kids you could turn on
the single-player the the bots though
yeah yeah that's what we did later put
it on season mode or something no you
know what I just went to like practice
mode mmm and you know that you've just
got to kick around the ball they loved
it mostly because it's the best game
ever
don't worry about air bag very cozy
master as I oh I guess it's not doesn't
have a door I can't hide the body and
then alcove alright fine
have I ever had a fan come up to me
while I was with my kids yeah once
wasn't it weird huh is that weird it
wasn't weird they took a picture with me
and that was it
we were we were at a beer place we were
at it on though my kids weren't please
just say more yes say more things I'm
digging myself in we were at a beer
garden in the park so you know there's
my ground it was a public park and
someone stopped me and recognized me
wanted to take a picture of me and my
kids literally just did not think
anything of it yeah yeah they just
thought it was normal
okay the kids they don't know no better
it was a lady taking a picture with me
and no they didn't they didn't think
anything of it they didn't think
anything of it I didn't think anything
of it
did they say a fuck about what's up no
that would be inappropriate around
children anyone who knows me should know
better
yeah they aren't when they're teenagers
I think like I think when they start to
become teenagers and when they start
becoming a more internet savvy they will
like find all the weird videos I've made
and oh god you know we'll have to write
it dredit we have these hundreds of
hours of archives of us just talking
about nonsense you know and they can
sift through all of that if they want
but I'm sure it'll be fine oh damn it
wanted to freak him out with that body
but I apparently I threw the body off
the ledge now there's no more bodies to
throw down there you can freak that guy
out and get him to fall off the ledge
which is what I was trying to do it's
great maybe if there's another corpse up
here come accident I don't know if oh
shit I thought that was the door I'm
just thought I was leaning against the
door there's no door I'm just fuckin up
left and right I haven't played this
game in a year I don't know I don't know
if I ever said that Mad Max is the best
movie of 2015 it is rich might have said
that rich do you still think that yes
okay great why would I stop thinking
then I'm trying to think of that if any
better movies came out probably not I
can't think of any so I'm gonna say yes
Mad Max is still the best movie of
Danish yeah I had the most fun watching
Mad Max this year but by far
I'm having such a shit game that's okay
get back into the groove
Optimus No if you meet me in the park is
it okay if you rub my head for luck I
guess I would prefer not but if you as
long as you ask for you know like if you
meet me in the park I'm probably at the
beer garden and so I've been drinking
and so I'll probably say okay just ask
me first you know
negative man I you know I'm trying to
decide whether overall I liked a man he
met ant-man is definitely not better
than Mad Max 100% certain of that I mean
I talked about I talked about ant-man
already where it's just like it's fine
some of it really bothered me it seemed
like half a movie I really enjoyed all
the ant-man II stuff all the action II
stuff but it wasn't there maybe I'll see
it someday maybe I won't I don't I don't
care you know what wait till comes to
Netflix it isn't it's not worth going
out of your way to see but there's some
fun in there there's some fun action I
think trunk in the park with usually my
wife is there as well she can get drunk
too
she can everybody can get drunk I guess
what I'm saying is is I will only drink
around my children if there is a
responsible adult they're not drinking
oh that's nice you know I try to be
I try to be a concern that way and if
it's just me then no I will not
obviously
ant-man's ending alone makes it worth
seeing yeah I mean the final action
sequence was good the action overall was
very was very entertaining just missing
some other parts and I think that
everyone I think that I think it was the
directing I think the director was bad
everyone's acting was not on point for
centuries we have you know their lines
but today I I have never killed a deer
chat oh that's a question they ask have
you ever killed the blanket if sigh I've
killed a mosquito with my bare hands so
I'm a dangerous man on you are to fight
for you kill the bloodsucker is accepted
first you will defend the clan what
would you do Jack if he just happened to
stumble across an angry bear someday
you're not walking yeah
middle of a forest preserve and an angry
bear starts charging you I think the I
think what you're supposed to do is I
think that's myth would you even bother
trying to run away I wouldn't bother
trying to run away because I'm a slow
motherfucker
yeah oh no and you can't outrun a bear
yeah I think I think I would try and
shove my hand down its throat to Chokin
on my arm because that's about the only
thing I could do against a bear I think
you're supposed to play that I think
that's the real thing that's what that's
supposed to work I think that's a myth I
think my only option is to try and choke
the bear death by shoving my fist down
his throat and opening my fist up in the
hopes that it chokes on its own vomit
and my fist you know maybe I'll get some
teeth marks on my arm sure you're gonna
get your arm bitten off can they bite
your boned
can they can they do that don't don't
they like don't they I don't think they
eat the whole bones fish bones those are
weaker I okay so who in the chat here
has been attacked by a bear
I'm fairly certain that anyone I guess
it depends on the cut type of bear right
large pair well you know or like large
bear I don't know like if the rules
applies to say a pillow
we're talking about like a like a
Wisconsin bear I think polar bear just
fucking tomorrow yeah polar bear yeah
because even if you play dead a polar
bear is gonna be back oh free meal bears
can crush skull that's nice to know
yeah look I might lose my arm but the
bear will chose the death on my arm and
I'll get away I'll grow a new one right
yep and then how that works maybe yeah
maybe I could like jump on the backs the
Bears back and then I could tame the
bear and and then it'll be like my bear
that's your plan that's my plan that's a
you know what that's a good plan would
have tamed the bear I'm gonna go ahead
and say that taming the bear is a better
plan than shoving you gotta have a bear
plan Jack my bear plan is to play dead
and I think I think the bear smacks you
around a little bit like like to make
sure that you're dead if a bear thinks
you're dead then it walks away that's
saying I could be a Pokemon master with
that cybernetic arm I would get
afterwards yeah I could really hit that
that button faster that I could just
mash mash mash bear attack what do you
do what do you do a bear attack you're
in the middle of the forest reserve you
walk it along you're not near the road
bear angry bear jumps out at you so you
just accept the fact that you're about
to die you don't have any kind of plan
for fighting back you play you go for
the eyes you go for the nuts you hand
him a napkin do you hand him a napkin
would you like to sit
I think you're supposed to play that
high-tech tripwires but you can wreck
them on this simple hand so you're
really good
no normally like oh you will be playing
for long I'm a bear only attacks because
it feels threat destroyed I believe this
is this to be true and so then if you
lie and if you try to run away bear a
fucking chase you down so you don't want
to do that and so then you just kind of
go under like that's what John and the
bear doesn't perceive you as a threat
anymore
and it might like poke at you have some
bear scratches
your still life that's the case and I
change my answer okay great by day and
that was Jason thoughts on them had it
you've had it folks the OE cammack scene
is saying that Jack you are right about
bears it is what they taught us when I
worked at Yellowstone really this is I
think I think Yellowstone just didn't
want their bears harmed I think they're
just trying to protect their bears they
don't want they don't want somebody
choking their bears with with their arm
now don't listen the truth is you shove
your arm down the Bears throat to try to
choke it's just jack jack is wrong is
wrong yeah yeah I mean you're right I
suppose like the real thing is you need
a little extra reach don't take off your
shoe first the Transformers should be
closed shove your shoe down the Bears
throats guides and then you don't need
to worry about your hand so much right
maybe maybe that's the case
am I gonna force rich to play more
Pokemon and not force him we do still
have the same we do still have the save
and we I am interested to see how far
rich can take it using one and only one
Pokemon the whole way baby no the whole
way like who do you have I don't know
lizard thing you have the Charmander I'm
sure yeah I got it yeah I got the charm
that the Chairman the charm the tumor
chaps
so no matter what you only need one more
Pokemon I survived along but I'm near -
you're trying to avoid detection
Charmander can't learn surf and so you
need at least you know if you're gonna
make it through the entire game
yeah later in the game you have to ride
on your Pokemon you have to and
eventually you'll need a like a water
type Pokemon so you can do that much
Oh for fuck's sake but you don't have to
fight with that boat one you can just
keep fighting with the same remember if
a guard is blocking your way you can try
to distract him
the room is moving really fast sorry if
I if I'm missing people's questions I
really on the move the room is moving
very fast I'm trying to answer all the
questions I can I see about Vera foria
and Tiberius Kirk I see you're talking
about questions I'm not answering I'm
really sorry about that but I am you
know they wanted to the secret of life
and you just want to talk about Pokemon
I just want to talk about the seat maybe
the secret of life is Pokemon rich you
don't know oh my god I could always for
a little bit you tell me subs
I'm reading the chat I'm here I didn't
know if you noticed but rich and I were
doing a funny little back and forth
about what if Bears attack that was a
pretty funny thing we were doing up a
bit they didn't like the bit huh yeah
Jack we were talking about why you guys
are in the studio today mom cuz because
we weren't done Wednesday and we are
today it's nice to be here together to
do these things it is it's it's more
it's it's easier to talk we can play
together I knew you know Jay was handing
me some footage and so I knew he was
here so he might join in it on days that
I can be in the studio
we will be and on days we can't we won't
mad is it that's all of it no more no
less
no I haven't played any good board games
lately I haven't played any board games
recently and it's been really upsetting
we the wife and I had a usual had a
regular board game night once a week for
a while it was really great we were
getting new board games all the time
oh pardon me it was really fun and then
we just got too busy
oh fuck you yeah fuck you too rich so I
haven't played any new board games and
it's very upsetting very setting us
jumping down not knowing there was a guy
down there that's sucked that does suck
yeah JJ's handed me a hard drive full of
space cop footage that I will be doing
that you will never see ever work and
part of that footage is footage that Jay
has cleared me to stream my after
effects work on and the next couple of
weeks I don't have much other work to do
and so I'm gonna be hardcore space cop
affecting that's my super plan
that's my super plan so I'm very excited
about that I hear something
what who oh you know what I wanted to
talk about I'm gonna take this moment to
shit on a game developer can you guys be
with me for a moment while I shit on a
games about with you if you're shitting
on something I'm sure I'm gonna I'm
gonna shit on a game developer right now
I have and I think I've talked about
this before but a while ago I I tried I
got the swindle cuz I heard it was
really great fun roguelite if that's
what we're calling them now platformer
thingy this window looked like a really
fun game it's you have to get the whole
point of the game is breaking into
houses and stealing money breaking into
places and stealing money and you're
trying to break it you're trying to gain
enough money to off it's not the cops
doesn't so here is what happened
it was the swindle was it it was the
swindle a swindle the swindle is a
swindle on PlayStation 4 and Vita
because right now there is a game
breaking bug in it where randomly for no
reason my character teleports across the
map and on several occasions this
teleporting has killed me and it's very
upsetting because it's a glitch in the
game I don't have like a teleporter or
scalling
item I my character it just goes without
me controlling it and so I got I went to
the Developer Forum with size 5 games
and they have a game for my gripe and
they got back to me they said oh hey
we've heard of this bug but we didn't
make the PlayStation version
I need it again sorry you drive to live
you drive to fight my game and so it's a
nice five teams was all it was right up
on it they replied to my my post the
same day but but unfortunately they
didn't make the PlayStation port curve
digital did I think oh you know tweet ad
curve digital tell them about the
bargain
see what they can do right I tweet at
curve digital I even tweeted I got video
of this bug happening on my Vita so you
know they could get a better
understanding of my problem and they
never got back to and that was really
upsetting and so then I emailed
and after I emailed them you know again
I laid out the bug that was happening
and it was happening to me often it was
happening to me one out of every 10 or
12 levels and this would often end up in
a death for me when you're playing her
and when you're playing a roguelike
a death is obviously a bad thing in any
game and so I emailed them and they did
not respond to me so then I emailed them
again you know I waited a few days after
each message yeah
and in both email and I was I emailed
them a third time out there at a
different email at support that curved
digital and in both of the emails I made
sure to say like please any sort of
response from you would really be
appreciated I just want to know if
you're working on this or or if this bug
is just gonna be here forever I need to
know this right and no one no one has
gotten back to me you've been swindled I
have been spent oh so I would like to
take a little moment and shit on curved
digital not necessary all fuck oh fuck
indeed no I didn't pull my journalist
card one because I'm not a journalist
like I never mentioned that I was you
know I never mentioned that like I
stream games or have a game review show
because that would be that would be
important I'm just a customer I wasn't
planning on doing this one bill for
reviews I was hoping to stream it
because it looks like a game that would
be really fun
oh god I'm doing so terrible you are
doing
all right keep getting caught which is a
self game that's something you don't
want to do so in any case the my big
issue here like no one there's there's a
bug that's breaking the game for me and
that's a problem but - the bigger
problem is the lack of any sort of
response from them and as I've talked
about before that is my biggest pet
peeve especially now in the digital era
we're in an age where it's so easy to
communicate with everybody and and no
response and I've asked for a response
and just sum it something as in you know
we know the bug we're working on it
something oh I'm alive congratulations
right no I mean them them you know your
you know your existing I acknowledge
that you've sent me an email that would
be enough to calm me down well as
Richard we're just fuckin up yes that
was awful and Krieger that's basically
that's what's gonna happen is what's
what's gonna happen next if they don't
fix the bug soon is I'm going to try to
get a refund for the game and buy it on
PC I was hoping I really wanted this on
my Vita this is a perfect Vita game it's
a perfect pickup for 10 minute game
while I'm doing other shit I love as
I've mentioned before I love my mobile
games and and and and their lack of
response is the most upsetting thing
and twitchplayspokemon you're making a
good point there's no response because
of how easy it is to communicate the
volume can grow so high because of how
little effort it takes that's true but I
I still think a company needs to take
the time to respond to people do they
even even if it's something dumb I mean
if it's something worth a response
obviously engaging what's worth a
response is obviously difficult but I
I've emailed them through three separate
channels are you know two different
emails and one tweet at to them so I've
three different ways of communicating
with them and not a one hasn't received
a response
yeah I guess that's true that's true
Tiberius character saying you just
explained how you could play the
journalist card you our viewer who
streams games and that's journalistic
coverage and I'm unable to stream their
game because of the bug I could play
that but like that's not a card that I
don't think that's not a card that I
don't think you should necessarily play
and one that shouldn't need to be played
because I'm just I'm a customer right
now I'm a customer and I bought your
thing and your thing is broken
mmm well if you need to be a journalist
to get a response for a major bug yeah
that's that's bad that's bad in the
first plane you know yeah that's bad the
prefers in the first place so I will you
know what I will send them a roughly
worded telegram optimized here let me
get their telegram address oh I'm gonna
you know dear curved digital stop game
breaking PlayStation bug stop teleport
all over the place
stop
poor Jack while you're so concerned with
your customer complaint issues your
entire life is slipping away it's true
every day every day your life slips away
a little bit it's true but you know I
believe Jenny genuinely in the power and
the power of of customers of capitalism
and I try to take I try to take time out
of out of my day to respond to people
who communicate with me you know if they
tweet at me if they send us a YouTube
message if they send me an email
whatever I try to take that time to
respond people because that's a here
it's important and it could just be that
it's important to me in any case that's
all I need to say I need to get that off
my chest it's been really bad
that until I can play the game
this is the worst I have ever played
Jack is a filthy capitalist I am
I love capitalism I think it works great
with obviously with some sort of
oversight okay we've seen capitalism
without oversight before and it just
doesn't work
capitalism with restrictions
yeah that could be true Tiberius like I
if I if I like I just don't wanna I
don't want to play the journalist card
because I think it would come across
like at this point it would come across
like like I do you know who I am and I
don't think I'm anybody you know I'd be
like Do You Know Who I am and they'd be
like no I don't know alright and I would
say yeah that's your you're right you
probably shouldn't know I am and so I
don't think I have a car there to play
more so it's Do You Know Who I am I'm
your customer and I'm upset and I just
want that you are motherfucking jack
packer that's right
that's right you know the fucking have
you seen my playthrough of marlow briggs
huh you know you know fuck you Marlo
Briggs
that's right I made the peepee poo-poo
video you respond to my emails
why am I so bad Jack what happened to me
my name is Dave have you heard a fuck
about 5,000 yeah
yeah that's me right that's why I don't
want to play that card I'm just gonna
kill everybody now fucking subtle these
out the window get back into the groove
rich you can do it I believe in you you
can do it I've done ghosting
playthroughs yeah don't get detectives
don't kill anybody you don't get
detected that's all right
this is just a it we have not spent a
lot of time talking about mark of the
ninja but it is a fantastic game and
and I'm just murdering everybody I feel
bad about it and I mean rich is not but
but here's the great thing about the
game is there are different ways to play
it's depending on the type of player ya
that you are there's you can you can you
can really try and beat everybody up and
yeah not wouldn't be an easy thing to do
for me it wouldn't be a satisfying thing
to do
sure but if you're the type of person
that likes hacking and slashing you can
see you still hide that you can still be
a ninja but just murder fucking
everybody or if you're the type of
player who only wants to do stealth you
can do that and I think that's a
beautiful thing about this game is it
rewards individuality or it's it's open
to individuality as gamers that's that's
quality design oh shit MLG Pro that's
good big neutral
dick nature says he's he's he's seen
this game before but it didn't look like
his type of thing until he's watching it
now
it's so fun it's so fun and satisfying
yes everything especially when you're
good at it well you know good is a
relative term
black ninja are black in the shadows Oh
bad news and she says I thought Jack was
the only one who was bad at games that's
a fair point
oh shit nothing about the button I
wanted him wanted to do this that's it
if we get our hands on the tracking
device it'll date to college on it was
bad kill me
Hey look at this what about Scouts left
behind some equipment oh yeah oh yeah
they make a lot of noise we do a bad
killin takes longer I like that it is a
nice touch
no there's no map to the game but map
it's pretty easy to navigate around the
level oh and this one get lost no no no
think think like Super Metroid there
might be multiple ways to get to an area
but usually you just got to go right
usually yeah yeah it's relatively
straightforward
just Halligan optimist Noah says so
rocket League has a stealth ninja mode
now
oh that's right I need Thee no this is
not right
I need the smoke we've been playing
rocket lately
what kind of drugs do I take caffeine
and alcohol
mostly caffeine most of my life is
caffeine caffeine
there he said it to the tracking device
if we follow him he'll lead us straight
to it
oh that's what it is thank you to crush
your enemies definitely driven before
you do the lamentation of the women you
do such a good arm you do good
impressions I did you do yeah yeah thank
you rich I wish I could do good
impressions what really helps is making
funny faces are you just doing a mouse
oh you saved me long ago
uh-huh I think I used to be better at
impressions my impressions break down
after a little while you know it all
turns into Bill Cosby it'll cost me huh
well you know that's I can't even I
don't even know if I could do a Bill
Cosby anymore everybody used to be able
to do a Bill Cosby but now no one even
likes thinking about him like just now
like in my head I was like trying to
listen to Bill Cosby but it's like oh
that's right he's a rapist she's all
rapists
I guess I don't want to see enemies
before you lamentation of the MIDI
driven before you
alleged rapist you're right sorry
alleged rapist allegedly everything's
alike 50 times yep
Tiberius Kirk asks a very important
question is it better to be a racist or
a rapist
neither don't don't do either how about
that
we need more text adventure strip well
oh you know it'll be fun for voices is
tomorrow tomorrow a game comes out
called finger have you heard of this
right now
our good friend friend of the stream
James it'd the guy who made the videos
for binding of issac and super meatboy
has teamed up with the creator of
binding of issac and Super Meat Boy to
make this game called fingered oh my god
it's very exciting to me it's very
exciting
only to me because I've been following
the the production of this for a little
bit and it's it's a game where you need
to identify the criminal by like talking
to people and so I think it's like a
little bit of a text adventure game and
you have to like you know use hearsay
and testimo witness testimonial to
finger the bad guy okay and we're
obviously playing it on stream as soon
as it comes out obviously and I believe
it will be ripe for impressions and
voiceovers
so I'm very very excited to play finger
comes out tomorrow like it comes out
tomorrow and I think it's like under two
bucks fingered is that the Bill Cosby
game the Bill Cosby game is called it's
called high data in her drink
it's the stealth games a stealth game it
has some RPG elements where you need to
collect certain either no no real
strength news we did get our oh I forget
and I forgot to bring them we got our
official strafe stickers and strafe pose
alone so we have some really awesome
looking stickers and posters and oh my
turn is green you're right that's better
it's called Jeb it it's called jello
shooter that's the Kasbah game I get it
I get it you get it it's a fun game
that's a funny name my turds are green
jello shooter
no I can't I can't even cuz I can't
listen to Bill Cosby's voice in my head
and so I can't do an impression because
that man is an alleged rapist
captain tipic this is gonna be a great
peel casbah game so there's there's
another element
there's the RPG element of the Bill
Cosby game is you also have to manage
your reputation so you can discredit
your victims oh snap that's exactly what
the game would be so it's part stealth
part RPG and obviously if you take too
much time building up your reputation
you won't have time in the level left to
rape women so you know it's a balancing
act great balance of that well we could
you know cuz if you're gonna be bill
copyright but if you spend too much time
raping women you won't have the
reputation to get away with it it's my
horrible person for thinking this would
be a really funny game well it'd be
funny I guess it would only it would
only be funny if you know Bill Cosby
actually had any sort of repercussions
for what he did right now it's just sad
Jackie realized Japan's already made
this game I would believe it no sad but
probably true yeah no I think it's it's
one of those things where some some
ninja don't know rung rung wrong weapon
what I want there we go
where you know the the comedy the Kitab
viously I'm trading a fine line here but
the comedy here is that allegedly Bill
Cosby is a horrible dickhead and so
bringing bringing to lights how horrible
of a person allegedly he is he almost
certainly allegedly is you know you
don't we the court a court of law
right that's the real thing yeah his
career was done before this like the
this didn't ruin his career he was done
you know he wasn't doing much before
this I don't think
why is murder simulation okay but rape
simulation creepy maybe I'll just take a
look in the mirror I don't know
something wrong with you if you have to
ask that question maybe you're kind of a
sicko interesting question I supposed to
to wrong things they're very different
wrong things as I think is I think the
point oh my god I did yes so let's say
let's change let's change topics that's
a great idea I both finished sense eight
and started and finished what hot
American summer first date you know so
sense eight is great it's phenomenal
it's a little I'm done I've died because
I'm now terrible at this game well
congratulations
i I think sense eight is wonderful and I
think it's some of the best filmmaking
I've seen on television I do think it's
a little what I wanted I think it's a
little schmaltzy that makes any sense
almost almost to the point of being
campy but it's not quite Campea but I
still think it's terrific I heard
they're picky they got picked up for a
second season and I'm really excited to
see the second season I thought I
thought it was fantastic really really
fantastic stuff presented by the
Wachowskis if you like the Wachowskis
which I do what had Americans have a
first day of camera something very
important is everybody needs to see a
good fish is it yeah I have an I have a
question about how awful of a person I'm
very I mean I know I'm an awful person
here's here's why is I find Michael
Showalter to be distracting in what had
Americans on her first day of campus
because of the seemingly ridiculous
amount of weight constant and I
understand people when people get older
they gain weight it happens but in the
movie Michael Showalter is is a rail
he is a Boompa yep tall and skinny and
in the movie he's he's a giant he has
gained a lot of weight he's gained a
noticeable not weighed over 100 pounds
and I I find myself like not laughing at
like you know it's so distracting
because then of course he's playing the
same character and I know it's been 15
years yeah he looks so different than
what he used to look like that in itself
is so distracting where I don't even
find his jokes to be as funny I don't
find the character he's playing to be
funny anymore because of how much I'm
sorry yeah I can't complain about I
really don't have the room I literally
don't have the room I thought it was
very funny I thought and this is me
speaking as a super fan of I actually
watched the movie after I watch the show
and and the movie is so fantastic ago
but I thought as a fan there were too
many inside jokes what what had American
someone's yeah I've seen I've seen the
movie once
i I'm not I'm not an expert I'm not I'm
not the person to critique the show and
I haven't even seen the show yet so you
should see very funny there's there's at
least one laugh out loud funny moment in
every episode yeah which to me makes it
worth it mm-hmm but every episode is
chocked full of jokes and references to
the movie which I get it is like the
joke in and of itself but it's almost
it's under heavy guard distracting
should should they should you should
they have made a Netflix movie instead
the blaze will draw every guard in the
complex should they have just made
another movie maybe you remember this I
mean I'm glad for anymore what hot
American yeah summer the contents of
anything I'm super excited about it it
could have been a pretty funny movie I
guess
haven't I learned that my opinions are
wrong yeah yeah they're my opinions my
masaf Allah says Jack didn't you find
sense8 to be a ton of telling and not
showing that's one of my major Gregg's
with the white Chomsky's I think there
was a fair amount of both another
equipment cache I thought you know there
there was some voiceover there was a lot
of like people giving dialogue-driven
exposition to each other you know cuz
it's a lot of strangers meeting each
other I thought there was a little bit
of that and I think that's why I call it
a little schmaltzy like a little cheesy
but I thought that the visual
storytelling was just as drinking
specifically like in that first episode
where you would see these characters
like all of a sudden transport to
different locations and we're meeting
all you know at that point I suppose
we're meeting like like all seven or
eight characters in one go and it's very
overwhelming you know just like the
sheer amount of locations and characters
and and the camera is jumping all over
the place and as a viewer you feel very
overwhelmed just as each of these
characters is feeling overwhelmed by
their newfound abilities I thought there
was a ton of storytelling and character
development showing but there was a
little telling and I think that's why I
call it up see still think it's amazing
amazing filmmaking the show I can't make
any comments about I haven't seen it I'm
sorry I really recommended them if
you're okay if you're okay with a little
bit of cheese which I am
it's uh Sepphoris Kane says I just
googled Michael Showalter 2015 and what
the hell he's not even fat he's like
average one no he's fat - look look at
pictures of him in the what had an
American summer movie he is as skinny as
a rail it's distracting it's been it's
very distracting and you know I'm not
this is not me I'm not I don't want to
be one two to fat shame as I've been
there before
you've done it you've done it like fat
shaming no I because I've been there
before and I know that that doesn't
necessarily help but the weight he
gained is very distracting big only
because he's playing the same character
and he was skinny as a rail maybe you're
distracting me why are you laughing at
that it's not even funny wait till I
tell a funny joke then laughs you know
this is the way these things are
supposed to work rich I thought it was
funny because of how dumb it was okay
you're you're distracting that's funny I
like to live
rich I like to laugh don't laugh shame
me rich laugh all the time
Jack fat James because he was hair
ashamed that's true
I forget what I'm supposed to do to get
out of here no okay do I just have to
get in there
made just for tat I agree my reflective
head is distracting invested the worst
videos we've we've been looking into
makeup to make it less shiny I agree
about that but Jack when Santa Claus
needs help on Christmas yeah you'll be
the guy I'll be the guy just shutting it
right off my head yeah great yeah great
you will save Christmas and they'll make
a song yeah yeah that's true
we've got pipes vents so in any case I
thought it was funny every episode had a
terribly funny moment and especially if
you're into that sort of absurdist
comedy it it's very it's very warm and
inviting and if you are a fan of the
movie like I am the show is just it's a
warm hug it's a big hug from David Wain
have you considered a Trump wig but me
yeah no no no funny you know I I there
was one time where I was really
considering buying like Rogen you know
like giving you know I still had a
decent amount of hair but I knew it was
going right and I was like maybe I
should you know I talked to my wife
about it a little bit and she was just
you know very supportive whatever you
need to do maybe I should look into
minoxidil or Rogaine or you know some
sort of hair some sort of game some sort
of some sort of game because it's going
and I know it's going and then I started
looking at how expensive it is how
expensive is real game very how well
does it work there's no solid metric for
some people it works like gangbusters
and for some people it doesn't work at
all
and I want to say like Rogaine is
something like 200 bucks like for a
month
or
which is way way too expensive for
vanity purposes and so instead of
spending money I decided to grow
comfortable with my balding is there a
thing I'm missing there's got to be a
thing on this
baldness suits me now now that now that
I've shaved now that I've gone fully
shaved I've become more confident in how
I look and so I think it works for me
now no and you KGB ate my bread you
can't get hair plugs either because
eventually you'll still bald and then
you'll just need more and more hair
plugs that's that's a losing battle
their general interest there what
something's got to move that elevator oh
yeah and you're right I'm now hair
shaming sorry everyone with hair you
know what everyone should be ashamed
because you're all horrible fat slut
whatever whatever kind of shaming you're
awful all right Ritz are you shame
shaming I am shamed shaming yes what
people need to be ashamed of themselves
you think yeah you're right all those
people who are shaming the shamers are
doing a disservice those shamers are
trying to help people
shame exists for a reason goddamnit
oh I gotta hit the button oh fuck
way to go by day
your distraction all right I now have
back the hard drive full of space got
media space got media space got media
but this is a presentation of space got
media welcome to your in-flight movie
provided by space cop media now if you
Terminator Robocop Robocop - Robocop
sorry it's just all a cop movie don't
look up for got five and Robocop six
Robocop is opening Robocop and a half
but Robocop gets a sassy new partner
who's like bland and black for some
reason ya know like like black metal I
mean like black metal yeah yeah and he
doesn't have anywhere near as
interesting the story yep yeah he's more
Robo is and he's like directed without
any kind of sense of style
I just got bland actually wouldn't that
be awesome
if like the new Robocop movie was old
Robocop has to work with new robot
Robocop here's your new partner Robocop
new Robocop is doing all sorts of flips
and shit and rolls where what happens
like you're a fucking robot you just
need to shoot them what are you doing
jumping around you're a Robocop
cuz Robocop would totally beat Robocop
in a fight old Robocop would beat new
Robocop Robocop would beat Robocop in a
fight you know I think Robocop has some
strength oh yeah III guess I guess he's
pretty strong it would be pretty strong
but so is Robocop it would be a good
battle because Robocop has the power but
Robocop has the speed Robocop's
targeting is so good he doesn't need the
speed he's got the speed on the trigger
which is where it counts all the
attention went to that arm motion that
robotic precision yeah but he did that
he did that fucking angle trajectory
thing with the wall to hit that one guy
from behind with the hostage yeah but oh
but that's wait are we talking about
Robocop are we talking about Robocop
before or after he remembered he was
Robocop I that was after that wasn't a
simple the bouncing off the wall yeah
doesn't rubble cup - yeah they might
learn it both yeah I only did some fancy
thing with it and - okay Robocop was
fast but he can't outrun a bullet
yeah but Robocop's bullet pronounced
well he knows where to hit that
Robocop's got that turban a he can hit
the weak spots his diggin diggin yeah he
can he can nail that job that's the only
that's the only place nobody thinks to
shoot this is jaw
we're gonna say Robocop a couple more
times that's the joke everybody I know
you know you're getting it
they're like jerks they don't get on
watches for jokes then watches for
insightful commentary about current
events you're right that's exactly why
they watch it that's exactly why they
watch us is that true is-is-is Robocop's
job just a skin graft rep I can imagine
that grafted I would a robotic head it
would make sense
I thought is I thought he was some man
in there I thought he was a brain brain
and and the important thing is brain cuz
they wanted the experience right and now
he's got some digestive system I think
mostly just to feed the brain sure sure
I could see I could see the face just
being a cosmetic PR thing oh yeah yeah
you need to have a human face alright
alright you've convinced me but I
actually I mean when i was young i
always did kind of figure that the jaw
was there's metal under there
there's just skin that's that was why i
assumed and I'll tell you right or wrong
I have never ever thought about it I've
never delved deeper into the lore of
rowboat how could you not spend a lot of
times child thinking about Robocop I
don't get it that doesn't make any sense
you know because it's Robocop
yeah and you never have to that's the
great thing about Robocop is you don't
need to think about that he's a fucking
Robocop this is this point that's point
people shoot him in his Robocop chest
and he's made of metal so it doesn't
work fuck I'm just going
apparently they actually say in Robocop
three let's shoot him in the mouth does
it work yeah that's nice the question
doesn't work
Robocop vs. Godzilla oh I want that
