More Bloodborne - Hack & a Half (Part 3)
April 5, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yy00N6Xkook

Oh mega 370 thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciate it I'm in a Don
point I'm talking to the little girl
right now so yeah well that's gonna be a
real down point god you thought this
chat was depressing before oh wow he's
one of daddy's favorite sighs poor
doomed doing little girl that you're
talking to a future a future
nine-year-old corpse right I kill these
people already I don't think I did I
think I skipped this area the ogre
sneaks up on you see for like the
Ludwig's blade I would love that you
know it'd be great if I could just put
stats in skill does that I can switch
between them and the cane no fucking gun
but but the gun doesn't always work with
the big bosses this is my problem with
it I don't know like I'm liking the cane
so far it's fun you know it's not it's
definitely not as oh fuck oh fuck oh
fuck oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck it's not as
satisfying as
as the the Bloods fetus beer you know
the blood sphere definitely I mean it
had more blood but the canis is awesome
badass whip it is it is but it's the I
don't know when when the weapon I I
imagine once the weapon itself is
leveled and if you have a high skill
stat that is probably pretty badass I'm
sure is my guess it's probably one of
those things that you have to invest a
lot of effort in before you get a no big
payoff sure it's the it's the Charmander
of weapons
it's the Bulbasaur of weapons it's like
like in ninja gaiden no there's there's
like a one weapon it's I figured exactly
what they call it the training sword or
something it's like just it's a wooden
sword it does next to no damage but if
you spend a shitload of money upgrading
it it turns into the most powerful
weapon in the game really it has that it
has that ability yeah it's really funny
yeah they say min in Pokemon is you know
you get to choose from three starters
and you know there's a fire at grass and
a water and the water is the kind of the
middle ground the fire you learn a flame
move really easy on in one of the first
places you go is like a bug for so you
can just demolish everything but if you
choose the the leaf one then it's a
little harder it's a little harder but
later on if you if you level them up
pretty damn badass
I've been up here where am I going rich
I don't know where am I gonna be what am
i doing you probably need to beat father
Guercio that's where I'm going
yes I need to go be father guy see home
that's where I was going great I got the
music oh I should equip the music box
you know all I need is this tiny music
box you know I I know you're all
depressed but this is been a fun stream
for me yeah you took it to a weird place
then I guess that's fine you know we got
to talk about something these are the
things I think about yeah yeah all right
I mean that's fine it's not all Star
Trek it's not I think about the
depressing future of humanity I love
that it's not all Star Trek look
basically no matter what humanity's end
is going to be depressing no matter what
and and you know even if we don't manage
to blow ourselves off sure let's say the
sake of argument humanity does go on and
and spreads throughout the galaxy yeah
things are gonna be really good for
billions of years things are gonna be
great for billions of years but then can
you imagine what humanity you know in
theory if humanity lasts that long what
what is going to happen once he death of
the universe starts kicking in once the
stars type start dying off sure can you
imagine all of the wars that this
humanity that has spread throughout the
galaxy is is going to have to have
patrol of the last remaining stars that
haven't gone to vote can can you imagine
how depressing life's gonna be on that
that last that last red dwarf star in
the galaxy that's still burning
Ryan's these people are just basic
waiting for civilization mmm there's
just less and less powerful for
everybody can you imagine how how
depressing that's gonna be and billions
of years I think here's the great thing
is I don't I don't care I don't care or
think about any of that ever oh I can go
get the pig I think I'm gonna go try to
kill the pig I don't just don't you know
I'm I'm thinking about like tomorrow do
I want don't want scrambled eggs or
hard-boiled probably hard-boiled I've
been I've been going pretty hard boiled
lately he he death is a suit is a theory
yes so is evolution suck it up
we will have evolved the beings of pure
energy by then they're gonna need
they're gonna they're gonna the heat
deaths just gonna hit them just as much
all right
I don't see energy being needs energy
from something there's no energy in the
universe there's there's nothing there's
no way to live no way to survive are you
gonna shove your hand up that pig's ass
fucking know it I did it
Oh God wait to see it did you see it
already
uh-huh oh no I'm climbing down the
ladder now it's nuts because oh sorry
okay which needs a nerd of his caliber
to talk about these things
that's what Karen's for what's down here
can I go down here probably done I'll
probably die if I go down here I don't
want to do that then
that's what Karen's who are you seeing
it did you see me just rip that pigs
asshole over right out of his butt well
is there anything down that got a hole
like that's what I was just looking at
and it's like I'm I can't see anything
will die you know of course I just yeah
so wait till you know like wait till I
beat father golf at home and then we'll
maybe we'll just could take a quick trip
cuz I drew blood huh spend your blood
echoes first yeah exactly bring the next
step in human evolution is that we'll
combine ourselves with computers and
become transhumans that should is right
around the corner that's still not going
to survive the heat death of the
universe right if you could merge
yourself with a computer you will be
immortal right into the lead death right
until there is no more power to power
your computer right and then you are as
dead as everyone else mm-hmm but I
basically constantly dead is all you
have to look forward to oh it's just
gonna be a depressing universe at that
point for words there's gonna be there's
gonna be nothing but black holes and
they will slowly decay mm-hmm and then
eventually there will be there will be
nothing that is what the science thinks
the most likely future of the University
sure but it won't affect us here's this
is the real thing it won't affect us and
it won't affect our children and it
won't affect our children's children's
children so why even worry about it just
do what you can for today don't try to
do what you came for today and try to
make the world a little bit better for
the people coming after that's all we
got to worry about keep doing that until
the universe ends and I think we'll be
fine you know but in the end it's all
pointless Jack if it was all point it's
already eventually it's all pointless I
don't care
huh I don't care
yeah of course it's pointless so what
enjoy it while it lasts
this is there we go so it's not I don't
I don't need a purpose fucking camera
glitch camera budged
why are we talking about these things
that will have millions of years after
we are dead anyways for what it's it's
like hundreds of billions of years right
and secondly I'm talking about it
because I find it interesting and fun
fascinating at the very least
don't use this up too many times how
many times can I use it three and then
he instantiy instantly transforms open
the big beast well shit I just fucked up
that I guess and he did I found I could
I could I thought I could disband on it
Oh jack Oh Jack get get good with a gun
he's easy to he is his weaknesses he's
fairly easy to parry oh great
so don't don't be afraid to heal and
counter he just ripped me a brand new
acid I got him once though I parried him
once I felt pretty good about that I
felt pretty good about that
alright get good I'm getting good
zero zero left turn only zero since each
exploding star creates a new star
I don't think stars can run out they
just cause a lot of destruction no but
but there's a thing called entropy
though now every time you create a new
star there's there's less and less fuel
I'm eventually there will be no more
visible material in the universe stars
will have stars will have nothing to
burn even the you know they can blow up
and reforms which is the one eventually
they're gonna run out of stuff to burn
right that's gonna happen and science
energy energy cannot be created nor
destroyed but the problem is entropy
which means that a lot of that energy
scatters its diffusive it's way out
there you can't you can't do anything
with it
right yeah that's yeah what he said
a pathetic one says nerds yes have you
not noticed yeah they say I mean this is
like even a little a little too nerdy
for me but it you know yeah you go with
it you go well let's let's let's talk
about something less depressing let's
let's talk about the Cubs that junk
literally means nothing I want to tell
you that I don't even I don't understand
anything that joke at all the Cubs
let's depress them the heat death of the
universe that's what they got I'm sure
there are people who are like sports
people who get that and
really doing that's fine I guess I don't
need to I have a question about the
music box can I use it when he's in
monster for murder than him does it not
matter you can use it three times before
he turns into a monster and then you can
use it once when he's a monster okay
great I can use it three times then he
turns into a monster then I can use it
once when he's a monster okay that's
great that's good to know
we're gonna try to be to begin
whoo
rich view watch the Bulls at all I don't
go out of my way to watch the Bulls but
having having grown up with Michael
Jordan it's really hard to get into the
Bulls now it's like it's like you had
caviar I had caviar every day from like
the time I was six to the time I was in
my 20s and and now it's nothing but meat
loaf
have you ever had caviar no you probably
can cuz you it would kill you yeah it's
a thing I know no I get that metaphor I
just what I wanted to talk about food
for a second it's like I've never had
caviar yeah and I enjoy fish so I wonder
if I would I wonder if I would enjoy a
caviar why didn't you get him
shit he's good with his gun - oh shit
fuck fuck rich I forgot to pick up my
blood-stained Oh jack
I started fighting him right away
because it's like Oh ed now is the time
to fight him and I've fucking lost my
blood stain get your prayer already
straight I wasn't thinking
you know what I wasn't thinking it's
gonna be easy to make up a whatever
thousand it was in the next section oh
yeah I know it's it'll be fine and then
that's the the real lesson learned is um
uh you just you just don't need to level
up as much as you think you do mmm
that's that's the one thing I really
learned in my first playthrough is just
you know you can beat him uh yeah I want
to say I beat the the blood starve Beast
that was the the monster I was stuck on
last time I was dreaming I beat him with
barely any items like almost no health
potions almost no antidotes yeah and
just because I got good oh I hate that
thing though the last time I fought him
it my second time through it only took
like four tries right so kind of
interesting kind of interesting cuz
that's how this game works going through
again was really interesting yeah
oh my god I just can't the other thing I
can't get over and for people who play
this game a lot I probably just slapping
themselves in the forehead which is like
it
so like this thing I'm doing with the
ogres here he's shooting them with the
gun and then one-shotting them I never
did that I never did that because
because I didn't understand it all I did
was just like you know rolled away and
it took me you know five years to beat
those ogres I could do it easily but it
just took me a long time because it was
just roll away smack smack smack we're
always max max back right I can't
believe how fucking easy there that's
the easiest monster in the world Geoff's
talking about the Cubs now yeah it is it
has been over a century mmm since the
last time they won a World Series over a
century yeah kind of amazing how are you
still a baseball team at that point
especially considering for most of that
time they're only like fucking six teams
should ml be expanding at the 60s so
what you're saying is they sucked even
from the beginning oh no in the
beginning they want like two or three
early on okay like like for the first
for the first ten years of World Series
they were they were like top contenders
or the best even baseball and then
nothing really this is why they talk
about that ridiculous curse of the goat
the recursive the goat yeah what's that
Oh Cubs fans are superstitious idiots in
the 1940s a man tried to bring in his
pet goat to a World Series game okay
like brought his pet goat to a baseball
game a World Series game
they told him no and the the legend is
that after that he cursed the team to
never win another World Series
really really like Cubs fans are idiots
they they love the story and I hear it
it just sounds retarded like the hosts
curse is a fucking goat with the Red Sox
their curse was no selling Babe Ruth to
the Yankees that's sure yes that's a
good start of a baseball curse something
you know baseball related to contrast
the the White Sox right they also had
like like a 90 year drought for World
Series they won they won like 10 years
ago they're gonna flee but before that
they they hadn't won since like 1918 and
that was that was when they had the the
scandal where they actually the White
Sox through the 1918 World Series for
gambling money really yes and you know
what
no white sized fan ever talked about a
curse and if you're gonna have something
that's curse worthy it's throwing a
World Series right oh yeah
no one on the south side ever talked
about curse and shit's just ridiculous
Cubs fans something about the north side
it's the goat it's the curse of that
damn goat like every now and then
they'll do like some kind of ceremony
that's supposed to remove the Goat curse
like they'll go walk a goat through
Wrigley Field they do not they they've
done shit like that
it's absolutely retarded that is crazy
yeah the neck the 1918 Black Sox through
all through a World Series no White Sox
fan ever talk about the curse of the
black sauce never happened in fact they
even kind of embraced the color black
that kind of became the team's color not
white but black yeah
shooting dick
what's that smell it's either a
reference to goat or fight close to me
I'm not sure which certificate just for
good work
I'm kind of being cheap here this is how
I beat him last time Richard wasn't 1918
it was 1990 okay I could be wrong about
you yeah they did throw the World Series
in that general area of time
sure eighteen nineteen eighteen might've
been the last one thing one man I don't
believe
now indict me dick
you
dick dick feel joy heal I did I I'm
happy alone he'll trying to I'm trying
to shoot him trying to does does the
Cannes charge attack have much reach
when it's in whip form I mean you know
not stamp stand a little ways away from
and then just start charging that attack
he'll probably walk right into it III
don't know if it'll work for the cane it
works with the axe okay now he's in
beast form run away and hit him on the
stairs that's what I did last time I can
fight him easier on the stairs
fuck except for one night I don't walk
on him
when when will you retire if I'm still
doing this kind of shit probably never I
mean I'm I'm I'm fortunate enough to be
working with my best friend's in the
world doing doing things I like doing
when I was younger
typically retire from something you hate
doing slave away at that desk all day
for thirty years you want to retire from
that like like you know what would I do
if I retired from best of the worst I
would hang out with Mike and J and watch
bad movies in my retirement so you just
wouldn't film it right right that's
that's I'm lucky enough to be doing this
ship for that long we'll see about that
yeah I'm always waiting for the bottom
to fall out you kiddin it fell out years
ago we just we just haven't fallen yet
all right back on it died again I have
troubles with him I don't get it that's
nice butch but the universe is going to
end someday what's the point the point
the point not there needs to be a point
is enjoying the time you do have yes you
don't have to worry about a greater
purpose take take it take it day by day
day by day
dude what would it take for rlm to stop
existing decrease in views decrease in
revenue sure the normal things that stop
businesses right right the normal things
that stop businesses I think like the
only the only big difference would be
like let's assume let's say there's a
world in which just you know ad revenue
dried up and and nobody watched the
videos we made anymore what would happen
is we'd all have to get normal jobs
again we would still make the videos we
would just make them less often and you
know that's it but I I mean we were all
making videos before we got paid for it
so I can only imagine that we would
continue doing that after unless
everybody started Scott oh sure well
that's possibility yeah that's that's a
possibility
but I don't know I mean we I mean we
would still make videos of our own I
could only assume even even if everyone
started scanning what is my reach at
this
oh my God why do you've not been using
the reach to its full advantage heaven
what you've not been using the reach
tool its advantage have you
I uh no no that was specifically you
know the the giant ball of fire I
pressed a dodge to the left but I rolled
forward right into it why don't why
don't you run off the bridge entirely
just you just go up far enough to
trigger everybody and then run away and
then the boulder will take care of all
of those bad guys and then you'll be far
out of the way at the boulder that's
what I do
sure I just run up far enough to get
everyone's attention and then get the
fuck out of Dodge
sure I mean that's all be somewhere to
the left-hand side of those steps oh
sure but you don't have to you know you
can just you just roll out of the way I
guess I just let me or maybe you can't I
guess I don't know have we talked about
Robert zidar yet you know if we do that
if I'm probably wouldn't chase around
yeah the the first Robert did our thing
I saw was a samurai cop I want to say
yes that's definitely probably more of a
Jay topic yeah I mean you know he was
older was there a was there a drug thing
with a mare no hey I'm not sure what it
was look at the man's jaw he he had to
have had health problems I mean he died
due to shin complications that might be
means well that's probably what happened
no I can't sure I'm sure that came with
other genetic medical issues actually
yeah that might be true
that actually might be true do you I
want to heal let me heal this palooka
Jay talk about Robert Saddam and and
Twin Peaks
oh yeah Jay was going off on Twin Peaks
apparently David Lynch is no longer
doing it according to Jay he might do it
yet it's just a discussion agreement of
money thanked right well that's what
that's what Jay was tweeting about it
today
Oh wasn't he was tweeting about it later
today and and Lynch was tweeting about
it which is Lynch is saying they're not
prepared to give him as much money I
want and so he's not gonna do it well
this is this is further updates then yes
and you know that's a thing I don't know
maybe it's getting too late maybe even
playing too long I'm done I'm dying
needless deaths now rich well I feel
like I am I feel like I'm dying
needlessly I'm just gonna run past you
this time birds and ogres that's what
I'm feeling like cuz I can riot crew
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it it's true we do ten months
in a row did you want to read some of
the other new ones
um I don't think we have or oh we got on
Lord Lord Bail Bonds thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it that's the
only one I have okay okay that's the
only new new one
oh my god we got to figure that out
because it's that would be far too handy
thing yes I do want to thank people but
I don't like interrupting what we're
talking about mid conversation so we
don't miss any of them you know I don't
like that it'd be nice to have I'll up
nobody beat them all of us okay well and
you know what we're halfway there
because we have we have a way to get all
of the new subscribers and so now we
just need a way to get three subscribers
on that list and I will look into it you
know what I will look into it
I didn't trigger the ball of fire
give it time run up until they notice
you and then run away well you know one
of the guys start running toward you run
away yeah I did that they followed me I
don't mean I killed them it's fine
everything's fine two of them followed
me Jim two of them I've never had the
boulder not come down after me oh no no
it came down eventually oh okay it's
fine everything's fine everything's fine
all the time
what are you complaining about no no
what everything happened exactly as I
said what yeah oh yeah but it was you
didn't you didn't get hit by the boulder
and you're alive and that's good thing
mmm why are you complaining no I'm not
complaining not complaining everything's
fine
not complaining everything is
everything's fine most of the time
okay I can't forget that I have a tiny
music box I have the tiny music box okay
and away we go
well are you I was kind of a I was a bit
exploit and if you use like this he's
like gravestones he can't really hit you
last that's that's exploiting an
unnecessary we should be more scope from
that I'm sorry huh
I'm sorry I should be more skill than
that yeah I mean I should be should be
should not need to do that I agree with
you
Don Gately says read have you ever seen
Ricky oh I I don't even know what the
fuck that is so there you go
no no clue it's not like an animate oh
it's an animator is it I have no idea of
anime a musician did some kind of flower
goo a flower maybe that would be nice
I'm shooting me
stop shooting me I don't care about my
bloodline I had nothing on that blood
sign anyway it doesn't matter I wasn't
going I'm just looking to kill him I'm
trying I'm Jenny I'm this is the the
tough thing for me on this is unlearning
my tactics
you know yeah I'm saying rich you with
me you feel me I'm making I'm making a
concentrated effort to unlearn the
tactics that have proven to work for me
because I know later on that they
probably will not work and with bosses
in general my tactics don't work you
know yeah I mean you've got a you've got
to learn versatility there's some that
you know that that tactic might not work
on that boss but it might work on this
other boss like that that bridge one you
couldn't really counter him race I
couldn't but like the Blood star beast I
encountered you can counter him left him
fucking right like I know I know that
father Garcia is very colorful maybe
maybe he's easier to counter once he
goes into the double-handed X mode sure
cuz he's got longer wind-ups for that
shit maybe maybe I know I initially take
a lot of health off of him what charge
tax I let him just walk right into my
charge attack and it it works all the
fucking time
okay listen we're gonna keep trying okay
for a little bit longer I got stuff to
do tomorrow sure I I gotta be at the
studio earliest tomorrow because the
internet guy is coming and we're gonna
have internet at the studio again which
means we'll be able to stream in studio
Internet we like internet I do need to
get good you're right Krieger seven
I need to get good
I mean to get good I'm not gonna use the
Bell I'm playing offline you can oh yeah
all right well I know that bridge guy
you can actually get farther Garcia to
help you yeah yeah oh that's really
funny
yep but I don't think he'll help you to
beat himself oh I'm not sure if you get
a a random hunter I doubt that's the
case but I have red I've never done it
myself that you can get NPCs that's very
fun you know fly mode what is the
Internet yeah yeah what is the Internet
that's what we're saying you feel me
what is love baby don't baby don't hurt
me I don't know the lyrics damn it so
that's all there is don't hurt me don't
hurt me no more that's all that there's
no I don't think there's any more lyrics
to that song so so it's like smooth
criminal what are you doing right smooth
criminal yeah any any any don't you ok
annie are you ok are you ok are you ok
annie are you ok are you ok are you ok
are you ok are you ok annie annie are
you ok are you ok Annie Annie are you ok
that's that's 99% of the song I know
there's a few other things but it's
mostly just Annie are you ok are you ok
are you ok annie i okay that's crazy
oversimplifying
Oh
it's like watching a baby being born is
it because that would be weird if that's
true
to do it
nope yeah I just realized we're talking
about the heat death of the universe
I'm Easter Sunday makes it that much
better
fuck
hey chat ascend jack remember the CQC
the CQC music box that were funding
right oh right
oh fuck I did I got I got pretty far
like them I finally got him to his
monster without using the music good
good
I was doing I was doing it rich I was I
was actually parrying I was doing the
thing I was supposed to be doing that's
that's that's good I feel like I've
learned something
what's the CQC the music box I'm sure
they're talking about the club close
quarters combat remember I don't know
what does that mean close quarters kind
of it how are you talking about doesn't
talk about what I was saying you should
do about charging I I was doing I was I
got in Thomas its CQC is them fucking
with you haha it's metal gear close
quarter combat oh fuck reference to
something fuck man fuck me I don't care
I don't care I did I did well that time
I'm feeling good about me you can you
know you can make all the Metal Gear
jokes you want I'm just gonna be here
feeling good about me no I haven't
played Metal Gear 3 chat because I don't
like the Metal Gear series I thought I
thought Metal Gear Solid was a little
bit too silly for what kind of okay and
then I thought the second one was kind
of sound just completely absurd and I
really wasn't interested after that I
think that's fair rich yeah I think
that's really fair
Metal Gear Solid had some really fun
ideas and had some really fun sections
and it's it's my personal opinion I
would have I would have liked to have
seen that handled a bit more seriously
what you doing this tactical espionage
thing and then fighting this crazy anime
doobs yeah you know it got a little it
got a little silly yeah yeah I'm not
really blaming the game fair just wasn't
gonna really to my taste and then just
reading about the second one it's like
what fuck this changing the main
character what's the retarded idiot and
just convolution for convolutions sake
you can't just tell a simple good story
it's gotta be this nutty crazy nonsense
I do remember in the friend Metal Gear
Solid when you face a mantis you know
like the psychic man who can fly yeah
because that's a normal thing that
happens in a spy espionage game I mean
that bit with the controller and the
memory card that's clever weren't it
when they couldn't get a memory
yeah that's fun he would read your
savegame files off of your memory card
and be like I see you've been playing
SSX tricky instead of learning how to
fine it was cool
Kassie at least oh I still dudes alive
it's fine dude do everything is fine all
of the time everything's grand when he
did it it do if you hate wait you hate
fun if you don't like Metal Gear Solid
silliness you know wait wait wait I need
to correct somebody Lord Belmont says
but seriously rich go get Molotov
cocktails that will really help you
killed the priest of the cemetery oh
dear God I'm not playing I'd I'd have
beaten this guy an hour ago oh god no no
no this is all jack is all jack yes
Jack Jack is playing I'm sorry I had to
correct them I had to I'm sorry I mean I
don't I don't I really don't think you
had to I don't think that's very
necessary but that's fine
did you fight him with the whip for the
thing this whip thing is tough I was
using the axe okay but I was still doing
the parry things yeah lot and and and
you know what I am learning it carefully
you don't like run out of your surplus
of bullets right
wait I didn't do the thing I didn't do
the thing Oreo Speedwagon says we punch
out is why I know rich got further in
blood
as a boss I read a lot yeah my favorite
boss bugs tend to be duels when you're
evenly matched with whoever it is left
less so than fighting big giant things
sure fighting big giant things is
hey you can't shoot me through a tree
dick I mean you can you just did what
Wow
Dubcek good didn't forget about the user
pockets are using it right now
I think I just did it I think I just did
it right all right rich I think I just
figured out how to use that parry system
30 hours of playing the game I just
figured out how to use the parry system
I feel pretty good about that that was a
that was a rather easy victory good you
did I hope and I hope people can see
like how it clicked like you know I'm I
really am trying to better the chat is
being very supportive Thank You Chad I
appreciate that
okay oh wait oh I did collect my blood
echoes great of course I don't have any
now but that's fine
too much nucleuses Jack just leveled up
in real life I mean that's not true at
all but but I appreciate the vote of
confidence no if anything I just got
worse at real life because I got better
at video games
alright now I gotta go get the locket
then I would think I want to go talk to
that little girl again okay I mean but
we should definitely we should we should
end on a high note
you know we've well then definitely
don't talk to that little girl again
oh I just meant in general you know
don't don't forget the mother on the
roof
yeah oh that's why I just got it okay
okay mom but I'm watching delayed oh
that's right you know that I know you
know what I do know this
that's the then you know what I hooting
that's what rich and I have discovered
in playing this game is like just
getting better at the moves of the game
is far more important than leveling up
anything that's some of that that we
have discovered as well and leveling up
is also important I think I still think
it's important you need both a mix you
need a mix but like so much can be
accomplished with justice getting better
at the game are you gonna charge charge
heading before they turn around you
don't have to get too close just need to
be far enough way to hit them no and you
know what the whip the whip doesn't have
the charge hit you know it doesn't have
a charge you know the the where you you
hold down long enough it goes off the
whip does not have that really the cane
does okay but then let's get the reach
that's some new information yeah so like
the cane that hit where it goes blue
like that but when you're in the whip it
doesn't but you have a little more reach
yes I've heard that some guy beat this
game without levelling up he's a crazy
man
he's a crazy man and nobody should do
that you don't think no I don't think no
you don't think oh no no I mean he's a
crazy man
oh yeah that's right I was gonna go talk
to the girl
don't do the girl go kill some ovis and
talk to a girl or do I want to wait and
talk to her until I get to the church
Anna go goes being slayed shining coins
I haven't used any shining coins you did
you did you light the lantern by father
Jean
no did I I don't know why you just run
back there and do it next time you got
the shortcuts unlock to Kevin that
beckoned him he's still gonna be dead
yeah you know what I might not have well
you'll be fine you'll be fine yeah oh
yeah I'm not I'm not worried no worried
I just might not have leftover beefcake
says just think Jack all of your success
here is ultimately for nothing
thanks to heat death of the universe and
it's it's true it's true you know I can
only hope that my slight victory here is
talked about right up until the very end
I can only imagine that right before the
death throes of the universe they say
hey do you remember that time that one
guy in the Internet did that thing that
everyone else did what what happens to
heaven after the heat death of the
universe is heaven immune you know we've
had some we've had some serious talks
already let's just not go oh this isn't
a criticism this is just a curiosity I'm
not I'm not trying to make a religious
point zero you are not what I'm what I'm
making a point I'll be farmer
attack me again like will heaven are you
still friends with the same people after
like a million years I mean I would only
assume so
anyone you want be careful dismiss them
we got that one that's pretty easy where
they reel back but their other attacks
are pretty quick that's what I'm trying
to fit oh they can't they can't cross
this threshold by the way okay that's
good to know yeah you can just kind of
lure him here I get them no dammit I
can't this is and this was my initial
problem with this whole like dodging odk
that's exactly the kind of thing that
I'm fascinated by rich what if your wife
dies and then you remarry and then you
both die so what are you doing heavy you
know yeah you true to your first
sweetheart or is it the remarried
wife well by the way that's why for a
long time you were not allowed to
remarry in the church just for that
reason
because you know they were very
practical oh yeah this is kind of
exploiting you can just kind of like
hold them here at the edge like you you
die you're really you're really in love
with your your your wife or husband
right right and you're just waiting
you're just waiting for them to come be
with you again right yeah and then and
then when they die they they they
remarried and they would rather be with
their new wife but I mean is it still
heaven if you can't be with the person
you love the most in the world
you know perhaps it's it is it isn't
actually just due to human nature
impossible to be guaranteed happy in
heaven well people people still aren't
gonna get along people are still gonna
have issues no no perhaps they're still
going to have to literally perhaps
instead of heaven being you know cuz
you're thinking about heaven as a
physical space okay if Heaven is a
mental space literally everyone could
have whatever they want all the time and
not ever have to worry about you know
like because like let's say let's say I
well so you're not actually interacting
with anybody else exactly it's all in
your head it's all it's
that's a whole different kind that's
truly depression depressing you're
you're you and that at that worldview
you're gonna be forever alone no you're
not gonna be ill interaction with
somebody else no you would never know
you would never know it's still a
depressing thought no it's fine you know
what it's fine Oh Dinah some fucking
dogs
take those stupid fucking dogs you're
gonna call the ogre over here aren't you
free group seven eight three studs this
is so silly what if there is a heaven
these are legitimate issues silly or not
a lot of people believe in this and if
it is a real thing these are issues yes
it sounds silly but it's not see that's
what that's why I think it's not issues
like it's you're thinking about it in a
physical sense when it's a when it's a
mental spiritual thing you know or like
what if what you're either really seeing
your loved ones again or you're not no
but it's just all your own mind and
you're stuck with your own mind forever
which in some ways is kind of a hell no
no it's perfect but it's perfect in
every way you've ever wanted it to be I
I wouldn't want that I don't want
perfect or I do know people I want the
people I know and and all of the the
messiness and horribleness that might
come with it but I want the truth
perhaps due to the power of the one true
God you just you can duplicate souls I'm
making up rules you know why because
that's what you do you can make it look
at but you're in love with its duplicate
they still wouldn't love you back if you
know if you're changing that you're
changing them it's not they take the
part of the duplicate that loves oh oh
okay okay oh what's what is some out of
it someone you're ever married somebody
truly wait rich rich rich rich rich I
hit the girl in the in the window what's
I accidentally swung my cane and she
like she shuddered I hit her you're
terrible I hit her again well don't do
that you're a horrible human being I'm
just saying you can hit her anyway
oh my god I can give her the red jeweled
brooch did you give her the jewel
I told her to go to the cathedral and I
used the jewel for myself it wasn't a
prick I'm gonna give it to her but I
didn't beat her I gave her the jewel
okay I just want to see what happens I
also took the jewel in my first
run-through well don't don't leave this
area come back and kill that pig down in
the bottom II don't do that all right
don't don't don't like leave this area
go to the hunters dream don't come back
and don't fight that giant pig in the
sewers just don't do that
you'll be fine exactly what I said she's
just crying now you wait something you
do want me to go fight the pig just tell
me what to do Ritz what do you I'm this
is my friend run run do you would you
why would I say not to do that why do
you what do you think I would say well
of course you want me to do that but I'm
just like you I could just tell you yeah
just tell me what's going on she she
gets eaten by the pig Oh fine
kill the pig and you find a rivet we'll
see you didn't need to tell me that you
just should have said go you just told
me tell me I said you want me to tell
you I ain't like I like made the hint so
fucking obvious that that a moron could
have figured it out given them no one
wanted you insisted I tell you what
happened huh then you get mad at me this
is not fair I told you to tell me what
to do not tell me what happened
so she gets eaten by the pig she's eaten
that's great so I just lost my jewel for
nothing oh yeah I can probably get it
well you could have you could have just
told her about the chapel the same thing
would have happened and you'd still have
your Joel
maybe maybe she'd drop like you didn't
you don't want to listen to me any step
of the way wait so does she drop the
jewelry maybe I'm gonna say no anything
I'm I'm gonna say you've lost that okay
well I'm gonna go down and fight to pick
anyway to see what happens when you drop
down that thing I don't know I don't
know if you have to leave the area and
come back or if just automatically
happens well I'm gonna leave the area
and spend my my blood echoes and then
I'm gonna drop down the thing and
that'll be there
the point is Jack killed the dad beat
the girl and now she's crying waiting to
die absolutely do you want you want more
spoilers no no don't give me more time
don't okay yes about what happened
doctor goes to the church well he has a
sister oh my god that's it really
yeah yeah this family makes makes that
makes it out great this night everything
everything just comes up roses for this
whole family but that that girl has a
sister that's great
I think you're right Jimmy Jam 5 when
rich and I get to heaven we won't talk
to each other for like the first
millennia I think you're absolutely
right
I'm gonna level up my cane because I
think I have enough things to level up
my cane fortify weapon loner Archon I
have fought that boss I have gotten as
far as the beating the spider boss
I am I am in the unseen village there's
big red moon and that's as far as I've
got Oh everyone keeps asking where I am
in the game that's where I am and I'm
farting around
and yes atomic glitch if you could turn
into a robot you can be turned into a
girl robot with chainsaw hands we can we
can do that I suppose I suppose the any
kind of robot you want to be I can only
raise one up okay yeah I see so I really
do want to want to raise that skill okay
nothing all right yeah spam skill what
what happens with androids when they
died and they get to keep their robot
bodies in heaven when androids die they
Dream of Electric Sheep I mean you don't
care about that you don't care about any
of this stuff oh no I do want to buy
stuff pretty just like dumbs moltov
purchased some old dolls cuz you know
what you keep these and mothballs every
once in a while get some old thongs
blood vials you never need blood vials I
like throwing knives
do you like throwing knives I like
throwing knives yeah I think they're fun
not much you son they're not much you
son bosses but no no but for it you know
what little enemies that you don't want
to deal with you just pick them up yeah
the annoying ones yeah yeah almost
they're fast and can dodge that shit
right mcnutty mcnutty the alcoholic says
rich why do you make everything
depressing good question it's just the
way the world is I didn't make the world
I just I just recount how it is you know
what I did not like the Kirk hammer
I thought the Kirk hammer was the worst
of both worlds yeah the sword is so weak
and the hammer is so slow you know yeah
I just I could not and and like i said i
i've been using this saw spear what do
you think of you freemen what do you
think of lewd wigs holy sword because
the least the weaker part the weaker
sword is very similar to the coop sword
yeah but you know what a little more
strength to look i think it's a little
bit better it is a tiny tiny improvement
is a tiny tiny improvement hard to say
mostly be cute I'm just gonna fuck
around and you're already fucking with
my day is wanting cake says rich you're
being offensive according to my religion
you did make the universe right what why
do I suddenly feel like the card and who
watches the washers right or Japanese is
life which Evans's hope see it's not all
depressing I just talked about the Star
Trek
Oh nope didn't get him
oh it's the worst one you don't hit them
hey found the secret snowy area I've not
found a snowy area no I've found the
secret area where you get the doll
clothes I don't have the secret workshop
yeah if you found that I'm getting there
now okay I do not have the doll clothes
yet I have not found them but without
getting spoilery you can get the doll
clothes as an outfit which i think is
hilarious okay all right I'm gonna go
down to the pig now mm-hmm it wasn't the
pig over here wait wait go back to where
the ogre was and go down though yes
that's where it was it was it was over
there okay yeah I got confused usually
across the bridge from the other side
there's the pig we're gonna kill the pig
and be really depressed and then we're
gonna see if we can jump down that thing
oh sure
that's that's the grand finale and
that's the grand finale cuz I'm sure I
mean I'm sure listen this stream really
I mean it deserves to end in suicide and
we deserve that
it'll sneak up out of last time I'm
hoping I can do the same
oh just rip his asshole right out of
this pot that's the best way to kill the
pig right there oh no and pigs just got
a blood vial in them oh wait what's that
red messenger ribbon what is that
it's what the girl dropped Oh youyou
that's why don't you you I believe you
give that to the sister okay I wonder if
that opens up um new items you could
purchase in the show
or maybe it just because you know life
is depressing
so that just happens that could be okay
already I'm trying to look down here and
you know of course you can't really see
I'm gonna jump down this thing now ready
okay oh I'm dying to see what happens
yes oh my god I am ready there might be
say I mean you know and they end it all
Jack end it all are you are you ready to
end the stream as soon as you hit the
ground and dive I die
okay I definitely you really you really
should have had your finger on the edge
stream great well I wanted great thank
you all the new subscribers thank you to
all the old subscribers and thank you to
everyone else who just came out to watch
us play mostly blood-borne and some
other stuff goodbye everybody
goodnight
