Playin' Dead Space (part 2)
October 14, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evw4CLB9C7A

also yeah sideways seems to be oh oh
stasis sideways seems to be the way to
be this is run left the bumper is run
okay let's rock and roll so okay that's
my bit okay don't forget to uninvite so
what what what do I need to know here
control wise so left trigger aims Yeah
right trigger shoots my assumption how
do you use that funky time thing X well
you have to aim and then X okay and then
when you're not aiming bumper right
bumper and right trigger our punch and
kick and that can apparent you know that
kind of like pushes enemies back so not
aiming that's punch kekada yeah how do
you run he'll hate isolation is great
but whatever your trip is man running is
holding down the left bumper oh my god
what did I just press one of the select
button why why does this why does that
it was just too linear man alien
isolation it was it that was the thing
it wasn't scary it wasn't scary and and
it wasn't good gameplay if it's not good
gameplay and it's not scary doesn't
accomplish anything it need to do right
how do you Roger left bumper life to
bumper okay you know it's it's that's
just it just what's it scary this is the
right way this is where you came from
that might have been where I came from
yeah that's right careful
look right yeah that was where I came
from that so I'm going this way yeah oh
oh no sorry it all looks the same that
funky doors where I came from okay so
you were going to right way what is this
that's my fault
did you do that man you did that I think
what yeah you have to realize you are
desensitized I mean no I'm really and
you know what and and we touched on this
during our alien isolation review and I
think here is cart right now this game I
could see myself getting into I'm liking
this world idea I know rich doesn't like
it but well I I just picked up the
controller you know the character design
yes yeah you you're not super happy with
the character designer and it's a very
minor complaint of dissolving right now
this is a game I could see myself
getting into and I like the monsters I
could see I could see being like in a
creepy mood while I'm playing this alien
isolation is part of the Alien franchise
and so as soon as we were on that ship
that looks just like the Nostromo rich
you put it so perfectly
we were filled with nostalgia yeah right
yeah oh it's a Nostromo oh oh look
that's the alien I love the alien and
you can't feel scared when you're
feeling nostalgia I was happy to be on
the Nostromo I was happy to to be in
that universe defined I need to find a
thing yeah
mother's event what's gonna pop out of
the vent nothing popped out of that bed
no people are saying this game is good
Dead Space 2 is damn near perfect I'm
liking this so far I'll tell you what
the Dead Space 3 was there a 3 oh it
wasn't that the one that was terrible I
um
tell us about Chet I have no idea I
remember her I heard that dead space 3
like oh you know this place wanted to
our atmospheric horror theme and then
Dead Space 3 is like a team shoot him up
and you know like it's it's Gears of War
schlock yeah yeah oh that's right you
and you you hold down are you you know
r3 and it will have a magic line to tell
you where to go if you ever want to know
where you go that's petting the
invisible dog okay you pet your you pet
your ghost dog and it tells you where to
go
I tell ya it turns into a couch dance
base so we're really missing something
yeah oh yeah
yeah you don't fuck up
or maybe that's what happens when I take
over from you and I'm not entirely
hey I'm like talking to that's enough
that's fine I get it
I love ghost dog Ghost Dog is my
favorite part of the game so far all
right know what go up yeah
Isak it's Kendra
it looks like the door to the storage
room is locked there should be a key
somewhere in the maintenance Bay
well you already let my guard down no no
I wouldn't I just I like it yeah you put
your gun down for once out rate
something spooky
I can't I love that my suit how about
reloading while you are
you're aiming press
did I get both set magic we're not
giving this any flack so far but I'm
Sparky in general about most things
that's just me
you kind of default this now yeah yeah
absolutely
oh you know what I haven't seen primer
no so yeah well I mean we're snarky
individuals but you know we're still
playing it I like the gun I have never
seen mostly I need to get in here
obviously there's a glowing thing
Dec this is one weakness
can I stomp him to death
probably but he's got pretty long arms
no I love physics sometimes game physics
just gets it that little bit off that
makes it great
they're blaming they're blaming vsync on
the on the physics that's so on yeah
right or no no it's off now
oh really yeah it's up I'm gonna make
sure yeah
but they're saying because we care do
you think why do you what do you people
like vsync so much answer me this chat
why do you like vsync so much hmm oh
that's rich you haven't mega punch
Danny's though that's true rich just
started playing the master so he's
figuring it out yeah I played for a
little bit all right so Burke aye I do
like I like the gun I like the look of
the gun I do wish like rich said it
actually cut stuff like you had to like
sliced oh yeah that would be
significantly cooler but it's still a
nice gun I think it's neat looking done
this the only gun you get I'm just
curious I think so
oh no nevermind I was wrong I'm
incorrect rich happens happens the best
of us yeah you want Jack to sing and
dance like in sync again what that was a
spur-of-the-moment thing you can't we
can't create that kind of magic again
I'm sorry
I was saying but vsync and physics so
it'sit's something specific with this
game oh yeah I know you weren't dead so
so that's why they're there mention
again so much is specifically with dead
space I would I would rather not have
the controls like oh yeah buy it by a
wide margin
no and the in the control lag was
noticeable so you are making the correct
decision
I guess the jump-scares kind of failed
when you see them coming a mile away
someone behind me now they failed on
that one stop the spasm right out of
them
what is this something I need they said
there there are more weapons and some of
them are almost and nearly as good as
the plasma cutter so I'm good yeah
anybody you know what kind of booth a go
you need that yeah I like that
I like the idea of like this is your one
gun this is how you deal with I kind of
like the game honestly how did you pick
that out
they're saying so instead of flipping
around vsync would make them like
sizzling bacon and Mike troll would be
lagging a minute behind me you know this
is this is how we're gonna play it
because the control is noticeable or the
the control Lang is noticeable what was
that there's this booby bird was it yeah
the thing I shot in horror game when a
door opens you wouldn't expect a monster
to be behind the door Oh
yeah and see if you can find your way
into that room with the glowy thing I
think that's key I have oh you're
totally right this door what the monster
riding the other side you think they
just did that so maybe not maybe it's
gonna fall when I walk in no well I pick
it up
alright I'm I'm I'm batting zero you
even honestly yeah batting zero how you
just now you just wild stabbing what is
a nano circuit repair
oh you can upgrade or you can't upgrade
nope
sure why not wait wait
I think that's a capacity maybe add the
deep end ah
image or capacity is what you can
upgrade right now they would use me okay
yeah praise your capacity that's smart
okay a little upgrade system that's nice
what are these things why are some of
these
oh let's lock it right
Tiberius Kirk we're we've not we're not
bitching about the physics we're
laughing at them
I haven't even really laugh at them too
much alright well you know when the
things spin around yeah because it's
funny I'm not I'm not turning on fucking
vsync right and we understand by the way
rich and I understand completely that
that is not supposed to be part of the
game
this moment which realizes it's been a
while sequence
I'll be fine I think you waste it one
look you got back up
I don't know if that was purposeful or
not looking music cut out exactly when
you stop them cutting out anyway but I
kind of fucking love that alright health
was X oh they're saying go back to that
room with the bench yeah
OOP
he's showing you his new teammates
you didn't you didn't loot the room
right this shit yeah apparently that's
what they're saying these are all those
are locked locked there's a glowy thing
over there oh okay oh oh that's a power
node you can upgrade your shit with that
yes I think the thing I picked up was in
there
oh and that says you can punch open
small square boxes on the wall so what's
what's the smart upgrade path in this
game
well like you your rig gives you more
you need air I'm all of each thing at
some point but let's just there for you
to waste sure
oh okay that's nice
it makes people slower for longer oh
wait no adjacent so you have to start
you know you need to upgrades before you
can get even one that's fun that's fun
yeah oh yeah everyone is just saying how
yeah has a bit of problem so far but I'm
sure it will be eventually oh wait turn
around those things can you know the
pattern seems to be glowing interactable
Touche Touche Oh what about that glow
thing there they said we can punch
something on the wall the green thing or
the green arrow thing what wall in here
way well the champ want me to come in
here I'm assuming the thing like a punch
isn't here oh they want to do that to do
the note okay
what about that thing can you punch that
no no I mentioned something about a
square thing what are the same I said
you should level up your Charmander I
thought I thought I destroyed Pokemon
already didn't I did I not destroy
Pokemon enough no do I need to destroy
Pokemon more you need this we're never
gonna stop rich I'm never gonna stop
loving Pokemon you Pokemon all you want
shit you love pokemon all you watch at
you know what I'm really just don't cry
because I destroyed your precious
children's game
I finally broke down lulled into a false
sense of security
yeah I just I need him in hang back
anymore I was waiting for something
around the corner yeah to be fair stop
stop stop stop that monster I finally
broke down and got a 3ds which I'm very
excited about speaking of Pokemon mm-hmm
and I got the one with the capture
device so we can stream and do episodes
for handhelds which I'm very excited
about should be coming soon
yay I'm excited if anything is just
something for me to do on first solo
extreme what is to be excited about on
the 3ds
other than Pokemon I'm just curious I
don't know much about the 3ds it's not a
snarky comment that's a that's a
legitimate I'm curious yeah yeah you
don't much care for mobile gaming so
yeah that is the kind of that makes
perfect sense there's a lot of stuff
there's Luigi's Cup which is supposed to
be pretty fun
there is Smash Brothers there's a bunch
of stuff I actually don't even know all
the stuff that's on there I just know I
want one binding of issac of course this
103d is so I might have to buy that
again didn't they do a flute of time
update of time yeah oh yeah a flute of
time update oh and that's right and the
new there's a apparently a really
fantastic new Zelda game the one where
you can turn supposed to be very good
being superficial but I thought that one
looked ugly yeah that's superficial you
know doesn't mean anything I thought
that's right yeah I know dino-snore oh
I'm sorry I forgot about the
ten dogs that flew of time flute of time
because which has problems pronouncing
marina I'm calling it a car enough as
long as the games been right right Thank
You Chad to meet you there
thank you you're talking to captain no
death row I'm like I like Zelda it's
just I've always saw that as a card out
of time it's not like anybody in the
game ever vocally says Karina Karina
yeah and you know what for all I know it
is o karana
or you know however you pronounce
everyone else seems to do Oh Karen are
so Karina Karina whatever the fuck it is
you think about the Macarena how about
come on how about I don't give you
Sharon us
oh yes A&M; I had a nice sec nice to see
you
this is where yet
ah migrant effect I'd be interested in
playing a 3ds kind of update of of
ocarina of time did it yeah we can do
that now we have any I was trying to do
it wrong
oh really and it came out right nice I
do love the camera
I'm a horrible narcissist epilepsy what
I miss flashing laughs that's really
annoying I do I that's something I
usually dislike in there in the hair is
down in the spooky genre what strobes
yeah strobe lights in general yeah they
bother me
captain's uh says after seeing Jack
dance I think this whole new camera
thing is a bad idea
use them use what is what Casper I
needed them you ran away friend smart
call guess he's oh yeah I was a little
bit too soon
but I knew what they were cooking I knew
what they were cooking I called it my
mother fucking called it stomp on him
again for tricking you get out you were
too fast oh they got you again just beat
his ass and now we're gonna beat his ass
that was great that was awesome cuz yeah
of course you knew you just didn't know
when it's all so spooky
somebody's gonna crawl onto that thing I
rich has been using inside I think
sideways works even for our my so you
know I don't know if you deluded
straight up-and-down but I've had a lot
of luck cutting their legs off now that
seems to work fine why somebody in the
chat saying use it the other one well
they're just saying have you been using
the alternative fire plasma cutter rotor
what I can only assume that means have
you been amazing the alternate but yeah
this doesn't matter you don't need it
that's fine that's ahem oh I think I
think though okay
if they had dicks we would be cutting
them off I would make rich cut them off
I go see if there's any water I'm gonna
be you do that you do that I'm gonna go
see if there's any way waiter waiter
I have not played any of the dead space
games this is a complete first for me
which I might not have done fast enough
- jack is a meat popsicle it's true here
very strong feelings towards the fifth
no I really enjoyed the fifth album look
yeah I don't think the captain actually
doesn't lets me do this
and megaphone chaos 14:28 says by the
way thank you guys for showing me the
Mad Max game I've sunk 120 hours into it
now and I love it yeah it's a good game
it's nothing revolutionary but it's neat
Hendra computer
it's no good doing anything for Back to
the Future day I'll tell you what I'm
doing
downloading rocket League DLC that gives
you a DeLorean here's here's the
definitely doing we we have talked about
it me and Jack yes there's not there's
kind of slim pickings when it comes to
back to the future
yeah there's two crappiness games which
wouldn't be very fun distri and then
there's I think there's like a Super
Nintendo game there might be I'm not
sure but there's a telltale game
dialogue heavy linear I don't know that
would be a fun stream especially when
it's all dialogue I mean we talk yes so
we don't know what to do other than
maybe just have a conversation about
back to the future what would what would
you like to see on Back to the Future
day Back to the Future is fantastic
everyone yeah is there a game I don't
know about other than the crappy Ness
once something would be fun yeah I know
there might be like a Grand Theft Auto
like DeLorean mod another I think
there's a GTA 3 actual Time Machine mod
what about just a different time travel
I don't know
they say Chrono Trigger fuck you and
they're saying just play the crappy Ness
ones for like five minutes then what
right oh there was also a crappy Genesis
Back to the Future game hmm ooh where in
time is Carmen Sandiego we could totally
wait alright sit on the left to the
right the creepy thing yeah well I think
I've been in the bathroom and there was
nothing in there so I'm gonna say the
right oh that's where the blood is this
is a new bathroom
hey let's drum strobe BioShock Infinite
is kind of a time-travel game kind of ya
know what I mean
I don't basically what we really need to
do is pick the most mindless game we
have and just talk about and just talk
about back to teacher right yep yeah
we'll see if we can convince some more
people to come to the stream and we will
just have a conversation about back to a
teacher or we could play day of the
tentacle that's true Christopher Lloyd
done the voice work for any games that
weren't back to the future related I'm
guessing no probably not
oh there we go turtles in time we can do
turtles and all night okay doesn't feel
like the best way to celebrate back to
the future with a time-traveling man
all right another beloved eighties
property have they made our Rick and
Morty game I know the old swim has on
their website this is Rick and Morty
like point-and-click adventure we could
do that I need to watch Rick and Morty
for is that I've only seen the pilot I
mean we could do that sure oh you got
lots of credits what are we doing what
are we doing there's a line gun you know
what just up your suit inventory slots
an armor yeah get a better seat
maybe this one won't look like crap I'm
a jerk you don't like that it's okay for
the front
I said crap in the back that just looks
random and stupid no I like it the
little spiny the the robos find me I
like the look of it I know I know
Rick and Morty is on my I should watch
this list yeah why the fuck not I don't
give a shit I ain't get no fucks wait oh
oh oh you already bought it I think how
do you switch weapons no that's a bulky
looking assault rifle well is this all
rifle your weapon has no ammo and it's
clip okay okay so why not head out okay
why does this game feature my going out
clubbing clothes if you're wearing this
out clubbing you might want to rethink
your clubbing lifestyle okay
oh my god what am i doing I don't know
you have a magic thing that tells you
where to go
that your pet your ghost dog I'm so used
to the press the a button thing popping
up on the screen yeah I like this though
I just not used to it now it almost
confuses you yeah
that I have to interact with it myself
and it's not a thing telling me what to
do isn't that nice yeah that's
refreshing that's not very nice you just
have to remember that I can interact
with this like it's taking an awfully
long time for that stupid button frog to
come up see let's do the stupid button
problems I'm gonna go out on a limb here
and say there's something wrong there
Vesey I can't believe there's not a
patch for that all right
is that your lady
Oh Oh left trigger and what just
happened to me okay she just she just
she just convulsed and died yeah you can
now you can now use the Force yeah what
do you want me to use in honor oh that
was it okay can I like fling it away
I'm just something float away I don't
know well added items to the store but
it's too late
matter may be flinging is like an
upgrade
that's right I see this game supports
hokey-pokey mo he understand that and
will find Nicole looks like the crew
barricade the door to the emergency ring
we have to blow flurry to get to the
morgue
get some thermite from medical storage
and a truck pad from zero-g third
lieutenant should be down the cargo but
feel better feel bad and hold on when
you just run into other people's houses
and you start breaking their bases and
stealing from their treasure chest it's
like excuse me I'm the hero of
motherfucking time and I'm trying to
save the land from the evil Lord who
wants to kill you see you can be an evil
lord
Rob's everyone's houses give me a little
bit of luck what are they doing with it
they're putting in pots it's just hiding
in grass all right that's what a
secondary fire doing this fucker
oh also they're saying that if you press
the shoot button while picking up an
object it throws it okay
maybe a refill your Canisius thing also
like how shitty like how inflated wait
wait no you have to use your own a
slowdown yeah
how fucked up is Hyrule's
economy where like you can just find
rupees in the grass oh hi is there
inflation rate well most people don't
because it's dangerous she could killed
by fuckin doctor rocks if you go outside
the village oh I suppose I suppose
that's right
only this likes for you
yeah hit him with your gap gangster oh
he's close
Oh
oh my god dude somehow kicked off his
head
Oh No
I knew that thing come in handy now it's
kind of awesome
oh just ran out of bullets ooh last one
died that's great that's great yeah I
could use some more variety in the
monsters well we're still pretty early
on I can only imagine we just got the
new weapon which is awesome going back
to the old weapon yep
all right well are you talking about
let's lock wait no that way that way
that way that thing shuttle Walker yeah
yes it is
yeah they're saying they're saying we
get more monsters possibly soonish or
they might just be saying that to get
into this I know I know what to do what
are you gonna do
Oh salt rifle their fucking ass yeah
do it do it
like he was just laying on your ammo
that's my ammo now my fucking ammo
there is just a year Oh almost gotcha
almost got you I got him he didn't touch
me you didn't even come close to
touching I know your gimmicks I know
your tricks
Trixie game
something behind me something behind me
this games alright those games alright
you know isn't it just isn't it just
I would like more monster variety jerk
oh sure he's bought where I'm gonna say
low relatively
there's a lot I like about this game
I'll tell you what I'm thoroughly
enjoying the lack of button prompts that
really helps that really helps keep me
in the world
and you know it's kind of a generic okay
have somehow I was like oh I think I see
a blood boom kind of a you know a
generic sci-fi world but I'm okay I'm
fine with generic sci-fi exactly I think
that's precisely the point doctor God's
work oh we have to assume that the
colony's problems are somehow connected
to the market you can assume all you
want to I do know the marker is glorious
and divine you know writing the bullet
says can you combine a postage and
Harlem merchandise that's a Jesse maker
J question yes but you need to make sure
that they contact at ask them that
question and you know make sure that
that is well noted on your purchase
order what worries me red letter media
comm with new t-shirts pint glasses fuck
shelf shot glasses stickers posters you
can even get posters signed by fucking
red shells red red letter media don't
forget to check out the band camp for
their the newest movie commentary tracks
right how goes booze what else have you
guys that's Halloween coming up we might
when I do scary movies DVD feeding
frenzies out space check I'm getting a
headache you know I'm getting a headache
I was trying to I slowly deteriorated
come on shoo hey check out now we got
DVDs movies posters chatter down there
Jack hit movies and you love oh you all
know something creepy fuck this game
yeah came out exactly the game was dead
the whole time
look at that thing that's like a baby
monster babies are horrifying
you should murder all those babies see
how those babies yeah yeah I know murder
them well first we have to check around
the corner because that's the corner
that's fair that's fair
how could you how do you not know that
was around the corner well and as
predicted
oh you can't murder babies oh oh wait
that one moved hey move it I didn't hit
him did he turn into goop I didn't see
him turn into goo did you see him turn -
go
I'm sorry that we cannot little babies
well I just don't I really am sorry
don't want some babies to come back
later as baby monsters well that's the
whole point
see like that one this is by the way
this is how the game gets harder you
have to cut off baby like easy easy
these big give me some more baby legs I
eat baby legs I'm hungry oh my god
stickers are out of stock right now I'm
sorry I'm sorry to mislead you my
chilling check shilling
my jack shilling your name
that was like your boot was starting to
fall off yeah I had this guy digs claw
my back in there whatever my boots not
stopping I wonder why my boots not
stopping and that needs to be corrected
yeah lady one that's a lady zombie yeah
when do we get prereq emerge as soon as
as soon as we're popular as soon as we
feel certain that anyone might actually
five well look into prereq merchandise
but yeah yes we will look into it I
think that was the appropriate reaction
yes probably
so that's a never I'll mark that down as
never right you know it would be nice
but nobody would Brian well we'll look
into we get we get like a what a quarter
of less than a quarter of the views of
every other thing we do pretty much well
you know oh that's nice and creepy look
at that no I can't okay this is
Scripture oh okay okay yeah we gotta
make sure he doesn't come back
yep mystery this is a cost-effective way
of doing that absolutely but you know
what we'll look into and this is serious
is we'll look into how small a loan of
like shirts or where is that spooky
thing some are there I think okay how
small a run we can do or something cuz I
don't know just test the waters to see
if we can if we can avoid some
merchandise okay
that's pretty awesome
it's like a walrus once
I mean the hip that one
I get up
I agree collecting data well you know
that would like we'll do a very small
run of shirts and then we won't do that
run again you know like I am up oh yeah
like 50 shirts you know and it's a
design that just we will not repeat
again and if those sell we'll make a new
design of prereq shirts and and do that
limited editions that kind of shit may
be great
I'll only buy pint glasses
we'll talk to our pint glass guy you got
a guy can't see people but he can stop
the shit out of them I can't want to
turn into a monster jack I know I agree
I'm with her I got a feeling I'm
supposed to be using the assault rifle
error I keep getting assault rifle ammo
I think you're only getting out cuz
that's what you have like there was
other second
there's other secondary see that's seem
so ineffective you know mo eyes back
do you salt rifle yeah yeah oh yeah yeah
your your cutter your cutter is
significant yeah yeah maybe if I'm just
surrounded it would make sense maybe
maybe long have we been playing Jack
this game someone on the chance been
asking angel in general in this game I
want to say we started right around
eight it we've been playing for we've
we've been streaming for a little over
three hours
and we've probably only been playing
this game for half the time an hour
yes
I afraid no ghosts look good did you
this is the strangest Ghostbusters game
I've ever played I don't remember any of
this I think I think what we really need
is a good crocodile brain lion brain
t-shirt that's what I want
maybe maybe back when that was fresher
maybe like a year ago I still like it
you know I guess we don't really use
that much anymore I just like that I
liked that image of your face with the
lion and the crocodile brain cool I
thought it looked cool
oh look at that
oh that's fucking meat all right it's
quiet no there's a doorway you can go
around there's that door over there
that's so cool
all right where is their way around
there's there's a door like right before
the rumble you could have left and there
was like a doorway
also rich make a punch shirt I do have
oh oh I do have a design in mind for a
casual horse shirt I have a design in
mind for a casual horse shirt so maybe
we'll do a casual horse okay
look at that yeah
look at that that's awesome in a space
that space and did you notice when you
shot in space there was no name I'm not
hating it don't always take my snark as
hate snark is just a thing that happens
I know you deactivated gravity
left trigger + and why what now if you
like can you move and press why I have
to shoot I don't know I was there well
let me go that way wouldn't let me go
the other way
Oh weird all right so what's the
possible we have these energy canisters
we've got a Sarlacc pit is what it is
what do you want me to say
oh oh I get it
did you see the the read like point your
gun and stuff and eventually like for
some of the times you'll see like red
lines on it that means no you can't jump
I don't see any red lines like press the
Y button yeah because you can jump there
I haven't seen red lines at all no I saw
them like pointed something you don't
think you can jump in oh though they're
on your gun it's confusing because the
other red lines for out of ammo is your
laser ease better question what are we
talking there's that you put this shit
in the shit
use your force lightning
well whoa man
you put the shit in the shitter right
that's exactly how you do this Buzzle we
know what's up floating dead guys in
space I love that I love floating dead
guys in space this is one on the other
side
Definitely Maybe possibly maybe no I
mean or was that it was that the whole
puzzle
I mean doors open well that's that's the
door oh I didn't thought that was just
part of some kind of greater power
station gravity are we excited for alien
paradise lost' what does that what does
alien paradise lost if it's a secret if
it's a sequel to alien isolation then no
you know what I did see event horizon
have you ever seen event horizon yeah
it's the best duel movie ever made
let's do movie yeah it's more doom than
the new movie yeah because it actually
has demons in Hell yep I remember the
first time I saw I really enjoyed it
is the general consensus
for some time it sounds like there is
music happening so
good
you
fuck you did not even worth a laser
bullet no totally not i guess it's
already open all right miss banai oh
sorry I was um I was doing the thing
where I was reading chat okay what I
have to say about Paradise Lost they
haven't said anything
Oh alien Paradise Lost is the sequel to
Prometheus oh they're actually calling
it alien
yeah parently that's interesting it is
interesting you know I'd like there was
a lot of Prometheus hate when it came
out and it's it's not a good movie but
like I don't think I don't think it's
this like monstrosity you know I thought
it would I thought it was decent and
then it really fell apart in the third
half get back here rich you're the real
monster it was trying to repay hey I'm
not done stomping yeah get back here
show you fear yeah I know it's great
it's good to be the monster
but you know it's obviously no alien or
aliens Prometheus and it just it just
took it just shit the bed I still
haven't seen it just don't care yeah
that's fine you don't need to you
absolutely don't need to see it it has
one super amazing scene in it
anyone who seems to be this that knows
the birthing scene fantastic just
fantastic
yeah yeah
get him run over to it right away just
try try run away I will find you where
you sleep oh that hand is just doing
cartwheels
that's protection for alien or aliens
III think we've had this discussion
before I prefer alien
I'm totally aliens and that makes
perfect sense I I like the the the
horror of alien aliens I enjoy it
speaking of your fabulosity it is ah
damn it
oh did they kill you yeah fuck oh well
you see right here
that's what you're selling rifles for by
the way look at those guys oh they look
cool they look you know fucking death
that pisses me off
oh I suppose we're doing a pretty decent
what have you didn't buy the assault
rifle how are you supposed to get by
them yes maybe your laser it's got their
multiple levels is there uh kinetic
thing work on them maybe efficiently
