Burn Baby Burn (with fiancee)
November 22, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rKWumFitjTA

they're they're sour sour sour
sugar-free strawberry mixed berry cherry
they're the version of like lifesavers
something or other but like they're from
Aldi but third sec the same shit they're
they're different fruit flavors I'm
gonna have two of them is that okay good
I'm all over no I just want two of them
and then you can have it back what I
just took two yeah and the rest that you
had your hands let me head your hands in
there right no I just took two man you
didn't touch anything else
you're are you like the master of
operation yes I'm very good at operation
get this this is the face I don't want
that my face this is the quality stream
as a warning and I know everyone's gonna
be very sad about this I'm not gonna be
here all night because I have a bad head
cold that's fine that is what you know
happen I think when you said you weren't
gonna be all right I thought you're
gonna show up later
Oh whoo Oh this hour oh yeah I like them
they have a bit all day they're like a
dollar or something so what what is this
game there's a couple different versions
of them to the the citrus ones are even
better what what the hell is this game
this is little Inferno what the hell are
you
I'm Karen um riches fiance I'm back up
in Wisconsin for a limited engagement
are usually engagements are limited yes
good I mean I'm up temporarily in
Wisconsin okay your shit together I know
I'm working on it but uh this is a
little Inferno and mostly you just set
things on fire and it's funny your bus
is on fire you set out for fingers on
fire you set nuclear weapons on fire in
different combinations and you try to
unlock get the right combination so you
can unlock more parts of the catalog so
you can set even more stuff on fire why
don't you show us okay okay
you too mr. sour I love them I love your
flower manager do you guys like sour
patch kids yeah I just finished a bag of
trollee
gummy worms oh good job I'm big on sour
everyone's all I need a sour thing yams
I'm you can't really overdo it too much
though because in your mouth start
starts exactly vary it up like every 15
years maybe oh it's not anyone
I'll bring fuck back back but hopefully
everyone is noticing our new emoticon
told chin old anywhere to make a fire
we gotta work on it science Mike fire
well so you just click on the screen and
then fire starts right and then it burns
burn baby burn and then money comes out
everything turns into money I wish I
could burn things and turn them into
money yeah unless it's less money than
the thing was worth and it's a horrible
superpower though I'm not sure if this
actually turns into my baby science my
conditions drag me okay
assume the terms and conditions or terms
and conditions burn those two here's an
envelope congratulations
I'm the legitimate purchase of your new
little Inferno entertainment fireplace
we have lovingly crafted each fireplace
to warm your home and your heart stay
warm in there we Miss Nancy corporation
that's nice of you miss lanten Miss
Nancy now excuse me I have things to
burn sees for coiner horseshoes probably
stupefied yeah is this like Jerry's game
I have no idea it's it's it's a thing
from Rick and Morty whereas uh there's a
Android type game you know and it just
blooms on the screen you just click the
balloons to pop them and that's all
there is of the game well you burned
stuff but you got to find the right
combinations of things to burn together
show me show me how this works
well we haven't gotten there yet we
haven't gotten it okay
even got cattle we're in tutorial all
right sorry alone sorry buddy all your
things that's okay
you can always buy more with your
brand-new catalogue Oh said that it's
not a cat Miss Nancy catalog yeah here's
the first person to burn a cat so we
open our catalog and right now we only
have three things open we have the
little Inferno collector poster framed
edition poster may lose value when
burned
yeah corn in the cob made with
all-natural high fructose corn syrup
also doubles as power fuel we can make
popcorn letterbox optional profanity
blocker accessory for easier parenting
get some corn I want some popcorn this
looks like it was made by the guys who
made World of Goo yes world the goo is
great well the goo is just it's like a
little gooey platform it's like made out
of tar any kind of marginally sticks to
this may sound like glitch or gitch oh
you know I think I'm thinking a kiss yes
that's what we should play too is gish
esque it was all a dream
somebody else's credit card shopping so
how do I get out of here what's X minus
and steam right and these you have this
on your your your oh yeah I have this on
my pad motrin an android-based tablet
and and romic pad motrin so an
electronic pad motor and we'll pop that
in there it's great and and different
things take like these are all open real
quick but some of the things you can
also burn spiders and fire tends to
spread something the thing like see this
is on fire and now this will catch fire
next to it are you you a pyromaniac
and look all this different stuff does
differ something like this just turns
into popcorn yay oh honey yeah that's
like a dollar instead of a coin
be honest I don't get it I'm look fires
burn you just burn things yeah but
what's the well you see you try to make
different combinations like someone
else's combo is gonna have to do with
somebody else's credit card bike pirate
combo probably has to do with the bike a
bike and a pirate but they get to be
more complicated so you try to do these
different combos okay I'm with you but
you don't necessarily know what the
common was our you know you burn things
someone else's combo it's gonna have to
do someone else's credit card and then
one of these five slots if this is
boring to you no it's fine we always
meet are we talking chitchat can can you
hand me your your your your Android
medic bad thing I want to I want to get
to the navigate to the chance I can read
it better for more so sure you two want
the Chromebook whatever I would go with
the Chromebook probably easier you're
perfectly welcome to use my tablet too
though
well will it be easier cuz enter the
Chromebook I'm gonna have to use this
touchpad thing you know how I feel was
it the touch pads rich does not like
touch pads well then find one of the
mice don'ts in one of the offices
somewhere else can you see what I'm
doing on this this thing that is not a
tablet do you see what I'm doing 720p
model it would have a touch screen but
I'm sitting here like an old man and I'm
trying to talk I'm touching the screen
on a laptop bong good dog good thank you
for the tip I would like to say let's
get the ball rolling I don't know if
that that means tip ball rolling or burn
ball is there a burn ball that we can
burn there's all kinds of stuff you can
burn burn burn and more burn let's burn
so I tried burning a few things with a
credit card
oh I think we got it all that money
flying up or was that the credit card
yeah the credit credit card money shoots
out of it
that's funny the school bus is a lot of
fun to burn little kids start screaming
and the bus like crashes in the wall yay
murder exactly let's see who you're
doing so great but don't worry your
little Inferno is not like other games
there are no points there is no score
you are not being timed just make a nice
fire and stay warm in the glow of your
high-definition entertainment product
but you can't do that forever there is
bound to be an end stay warm
miss dancing now burn it it makes me
warm and happy inside when you're
excited about something this game is
just just it's wrong but it's attractive
you've got this smile on your face
burning things and really it's charming
it's just German oh pyromania right well
that's that's the whole point of games
in general right it's it's escapist
fantasies that hopefully people don't do
in real life hopefully people don't
spend their and their real life burning
everything around them yeah I have in
fact never burned a school bus right and
so life and so you get that out of your
system with this yes and no channa I
have not seen Jessica Jones yet I'm
looking forward to it I have here I've
seen the first episode oh yeah
and so has Karen having Matt yes I know
it's exciting you not read the the alias
comics which actually I just borrowed
from him a hard copy and I'm going to
read them but yeah it was a little
disorienting like by the time you got
through the entire episode I could kind
of figure out what was supposed to be
going on you fed like three-quarters of
the episode going oh okay I'm okay with
that I have I have very high hopes as
I'm a big fan of the daredevil um hold
on just this guy you know just seeing if
this still works hi Karen hi Jack I know
that's just these guys just this guy you
know just this guy you know oh okay hi
just this guy you don't know I know you
know very well in the chat before
we know all of these we know all these
good close personal friends well for all
I know he could live next door to me
it's anything's possible we could shop
the same nursery so I have it all right
for the record Karen hates that audio
clip he's saying oh my god very nice
it's just a tip for everybody other she
absolutely hates it terrible Terrence
it's not my first time this is actually
the third time I've been on this chat
but most of the time I'm not here
there's a fourth there was the one that
you and I did without Jack mm-hmm you
and I did I think we've done hold on
Lord Belmont with the tip wants to say
Jay should see Alan Wake and deadliest
premonition notice that he says Jay
should see Alan Wake and deadliest
premonition not play because they are
like twin peaks' the latter is very much
so and very campy also Jay rich and Jack
need to play the 7th guest together now
we're gonna have to absolutely and Elm
atone 106 says it's not like I wanted to
tip you guys or anything G well thanks
for the tip elemental this is your
next-door neighbor and she wants to be
your pen pal is also has a little
Inferno fireplace like everybody in she
also sets things on fire and she sent
you a photo of herself should we burn it
well yes of course burn everything but
burn that too there are in fact like
sort of Easter Egg e things were certain
things if you managed to go to play the
whole game without all of your slots
because some of them are being occupied
by things that you've only gotten
letters and that you decided not to burn
no sure sure I've heard really good
things about Alan Wake we'll get the
sleeping Idol
Becca what we're talking before you too
far off topic Jessica Jones yeah what
did you think of Jessica Jones somebody
who hadn't read the cupboard oh she
already said that it was mildly
disorienting but you know positive
negative mildly negative but you know
honestly but you and you did ask to read
the comic I did has to read the comic
III I think the you know the the idea of
the first episode was just kind of to
lay the framework for everything which
I'm not sure if it did in the best of
all possible ways but it was okay I I'm
intrigued I would like to see how
further episodes go all right you say it
was laying the framework me just throw
everything out there well the comic
mechanic is all you know you don't you
don't hear anything about the purple man
until like near the very end you say
spoilers yeah I know almost nothing
about alias or jessica jones whatsoever
likewise I didn't know anything about
alien I really can't talk about it
don't tell well yeah i'm i do plan on
watching it i wasn't that I didn't hate
there the first episode I'd rather read
the comic yeah I think I think Jessica
Jones in the show is kind of a bitch
she's kind of a bitch and she's not
quite so mean in in the comic okay I
thought she was just kind of just crazy
yeah just mental real it relatively
speaking to her kind of power
counterpart
yeah thought she was a little mean I
shouldn't be able to anything you put in
there should be able to burn right well
I think actually any just about anything
will burn if you get it hot enough it's
just that you know usually building
bricks just don't get hot in them well
Oh God - the thing about siege warfare
hold on John kylo gave us a tip hoping
that I feel better soon thank you John I
will try to feel better sorry go on
Karen oh I was just watching to think
about siege warfare where they're
talking about how they set fire to the
walls and stuff and I guess when you if
you build a big enough fire like the the
limestone melts you build a big enough
fire like mimes
melts and runs out of the walls cool
apps crack and stuff that's awesome yeah
well siege warfare I mean you know it's
not very nice but it's kind of cool with
char Bush a giant battery did you guys
watch that documentary it was like a
kick-started documentary that is now
available on YouTube about the
difference between real sword fighting
and sword fighting in movies no and it's
a bunch of okay we're not doing it
they're doing that and the anonymous
says that rich and Jack should backseat
general Karen in FTL oh god that would
not work no no I in general
Karen likes rich at the moment and we
don't want them to backseat general too
much Oh God okay like get out of here
just select pictures oh I see it's a
little different on my tablet it I guess
you can you can the photo album you can
put like pictures from your tablet like
I could put a picture of you in there
and burn it at the time I just had is
this something you've done well when I
know but when I first got this game I
didn't have a lot of pictures on my
tablet so they were all like pictures of
my dog and stuff and I just like
pictures light over beefcake is is
donating some money to the bring back
fuck pod fund and I'm very very sorry
that I I forgot to do that fucking
relief fuck bot are fuck about emoticon
I sacrificed our fuck bot emoticon to
bring everyone these science Mike
emoticons oh okay and everyone agreed
that that was a terrible terrible
decision and I need to bring fuck bot
back okay I thought they were arguing
that that that you weren't saying fuck
it off or something I you know I usually
try to keep my cursing
not to a minimum but you know I try to
be reasonable with it I think if you use
it too much then power the power cool
bus Zoom Zoom Zoom where does it go only
the bus driver knows and I say I love
when you get excited and the bank giving
out pretend loan since the eighties and
a Miss Prime I get to make decisions
because I know how to make it motor
comes in rich doesn't know you know how
many fucks I give about emoticons yo
good you could count them on zero hands
oh she was a Firefly so soon as this
timer runs out I will send her some
Firefly
so that's why that's why Jack got to
make the decision Tim is staying because
I loved seeing Tim's face I think we
decided to get rid of the can of beer I
didn't even know we had a can of beer
emoticon right until we use it like the
other day when we were talking about
again
flaming spiders I mean what's worse than
regular spiders then jumping fight oh my
god oh my god that's horrifying that's
terrible
they're they're alive so I will get on
that tomorrow I will have some free time
and I will get our fuck body emoticon
back it's all gonna be great it's class
marver I know you decided to get rid of
Tim but I didn't decide to get rid of
him because look at that face I love
that face my favorite green thing the
fuck but no the green thing is hack
fraud do you see the guy's face there's
another robot here that that dungeon
master blasted and posted that's not the
guy with the red hood is the one that
they want to get rid of which is very
reasonable and understandable I just
love looking at his face and so I want
to keep it for me but the smoking
gameboy aka the can of beer okay
beginning you ready to watch the school
bus burn those are what school bus see
what the kids in it oh my god all right
that was horrified tell us from the dark
side yeah I do have actually a very nice
person but I have been known to see how
much I miss well I could make my sims
until they you should watch your place
it turns out that if you if you give
them plenty of food but they hate but
you if you give them plenty of food but
you deny them sleep or the ability to be
clean or anything you can eventually
make them miserable enough that they die
out of sheer misery oh that's great yeah
also in roller coaster tycoon you can
drown people who the lake which is
always kind of fun or you can build
rollercoasters that are grossly unsafe
and rollercoaster tycoon 2 you could
kill people with them but and even if
they were like dinghies they would
explode which is odd like what are they
filled with hydrogen people in an
amusement in the third one and the
fourth one should be coming out really
soon but the third one it's all crash
test dummies but they still scream so
you can like build slides if you build a
giant slide you build like a
thousand-foot of landscaping and then
you put like a thousand foot tall slide
on top of it you have it like in kind of
a shape where they launch off the end of
it and then you listen to him scream oh
no they fall like a thousand feet oh
that they bounce like 700 feet you know
what I mean there are so many people
worried about like violent video games
like first-person shooters like that's
ruining America all I say now is like
the people who enjoy the violence and
first-person shooters are probably lazy
because we can't wait like we're not as
imaginative as Karen is with her violin
so I build this rollercoaster to steepen
of egg fly off all right impression to
the lake murder people than us dummies
who just need to point guns at people
watching this bus
and she has the most smile on her face
ever seen it's like my favorite part of
the cave that and there's like an opera
singer and you like what you set her on
fire roses come out and stuff we see the
opera singer well I've gotten to her yet
okay you need actually learn more things
I have to burn things in the right order
which means that I have to like kind of
pay attention to what I'm doing things
in the right order right combinations in
ermine yes we are looking into hard West
which is a Wild West style
XCOM clone yes we are definitely looking
into them we are looking into playing
that and seeing how we feel about it the
big bank the bank is on fire I don't
think that's how it goes we don't need
no money let the mother he hopper n-- it
burn mother he ha burn that's the radio
in it they really have heat off yeah
that's kind of it's like a donkey
hee-haw Melling nothing is funnier than
die hard edited for television like
Apple or something you ice cream cone
head he's a purple lovin flapjack oh
she's looking - why the stream audio is
fuzzy
we're fuzzy we're fuzzy we shouldn't be
fuzzy we we did do a yeah that might be
your speaker's the notification for the
tips and subs are echoing because we can
hear them - oh yeah and then so like we
hear them and then our microphones pick
them up which then sends them out on a
slight delay so that's why they're
echoing the audio should not be fuzzy we
did do we do before every stream a test
recording where we record some of the
game we record some of us and to me it's
perfect I'm not we sounded fine I'm
sorry but your speakers it might be your
speaker bad and of course we just can't
calibrate for episodes it's an anomaly
in the space-time continuum that's what
it is that's exactly what
God rich is traveling back in time to
stop his past self from stopping 911
from stuff thank you
I think if you set the prior on fire in
the bicycle okay at the same time that's
what oh that's what it is
yippie Kay yay mr. Falcon Tiberius Kirk
I'm sorry it worked for us then that's
all we can test for and I'm very very
sorry that it's not working for you and
other people but there's only so much we
can do to test our audio and we cannot
make it perfect for everyone and I'm
very very sorry and it sounds like it's
perfect for some people which would make
it even harder because exec potentially
go in another room and stream it on the
car look it might be just fine I may be
the problem switch the problem could be
the problem could be twitch the problem
could be internet connections it could
be a multitude of reasons and
unfortunately there's no way for us to
kind of say it could be it's it's like
demonic possession is most likely twitch
is second likely our fault is like fifth
likely because it's definitely not our
fault we know exactly what we're doing
all the time okay they're like the
credit card and the bank it's got to be
one of them I don't know credit card in
the bank and the bank yeah that seems
like a good kind of yeah I mean if you
want to play it I mean it's not usually
a game that you sit there and play
through it's probably not that exciting
to sit there and that's got its moments
the plan is for you to have fun burning
things until you're done having fun
burning things yeah burning burning
things Lee never loses its luster
can we talk about the Hunger Games the
movie the movie you can which I don't
won't know anything about it but that's
fine Taran have you seen them the last
one I have not I read the books I have I
assumed guys I assumed you have because
I know you are an avid reader yeah I did
read the books I have not actually I've
read
two and a half books okay I checked out
the third one like I'm Kindle and then I
wanted to read something else let's put
it back I never read the end of the
third one but I was waiting when I
wouldn't they when they released they
released the first the movie version of
the first book and then the movie
version of the second book and then they
released the movie version of the third
book as two different movies that's
right so I like money yeah so I wanted
to wait until they were both out okay
and I I just haven't gotten around to
see okay bill the hekawis cannot talk
about Jessica Jones because there's just
too many spoilers yeah it's too it's too
early even even if all of us had seen
all the episodes it'd be way too early
to get into it because I will say this
much I've seen the first episode so far
I like comics better okay what did we
want to talk about about The Hunger
Games The Hunger Games was
extraordinarily violent in the book they
could tone down a bit for the movie
gobbledygook
wants us to know in his tip someday you
guys should try DC Universe Online it's
for the ps4 and it's free you Fox is
that like is that like a WoW with DC
heroes I think so that everybody be
Superman you win well Superman versus
Superman or sister Jean xavier can take
Superman of course
how about collect well oh no no you know
it's like this is Superman Superman
sometime is not a in the DC University
is not affected by psychics you know hey
you know what Superman is weak against
dr. strange then dr. strange could they
beat the shit out of Superman just
utterly murder him here's the thing is
Superman quote weak to magic or is it
just that he doesn't have any special
protections against it he's just as weak
against magic as everyone else is maybe
that's like a spell that would turn
Superman into a frog would also turn
somebody else no but it wouldn't turn
Superman into more of a frog when it
okay is that they maybe that's it he's
just he's not invulnerable to magic like
he's involved that's always been my
assumption I don't know if that's true
yeah he-man could be a Superman
oh he meant sucks he-man car cartoon
he-man he's a schmuck okay
I thought he meant main main purpose was
like softcore gay porn yes cartoon
Hemans main purpose is softcore porn
what are you talking about don't you
like my loin cloth and leather chest
straps hold on let me let me transform
into my everyday pink outfit
I'm gonna ride this tiger I'm gonna ride
the tiger very tidy haircuts I would
like to know what the breakdown is for
purchases that were buyer for children
and purchases that were buyer for adult
men go back to like rich enriches had
gay pornography is all about tidy hair I
have a very tiny haircut wood it's
scandalous
well well unless you're talking about
like the Bears then they're like you
know a Wolfman well you know but I'm
sure their beards are well trimmed okay
probably the chest hair is carefully
manicured shaved into art so many people
if anyone is offended by tidy haircuts
they can go fuck themselves
why does a viewership keep going down
and maybe bugs flowers and bugs oh yeah
that's good
corn sure farmer Jack there's no time
that isn't the right time to scoop that
in the opera singer that comes up later
sings that's the hecka I you know we
talked about this when we were when we
were discussing mr. max landis the other
day and some people brought up his
haircut which they find to be offensive
in some way ridiculous and I much like
Hemans very tidy haircut I don't care if
you have hair you can do whatever you
want with it that's your choice I don't
get the choice sure you do you wear a
crazy-ass rainbow wig like what a wig
sure but it's not my hair I don't have a
choice with what I can do with my hair
anymore that that has been taken away
from me I'm losing that of that
privilege it's it's a battle that that
you can't win rich you have to accept
the inevitability my options are limited
right now though because I'm on screen
with you all the time yeah so I cannot
shave my head you cannot no we cannot
have two bald men not that not that I
wouldn't look terrible with a bald head
anyway uh-huh I would look like Charlie
Brown well then you just gotta roll with
that and draw a little squiggle on your
forehead here's the thing rich I think
you will be able to handle a pull off
the George Costanza no I think that was
the worst look I think it's gonna look
great on no I do
no I refuse oh oh you know what fuck it
I'll work god damn I'm not I'm not I'm
not pulling the George Costanza I think
I think it would look good on fuck you
you do it you do it it's so great it's
it doesn't work for me it just doesn't
work for me
I've still got something on top the
that's what I'd like you if I grew my
hair out you have more than I would
right now mm-hmm I just have the crown
and it doesn't it doesn't look good when
I grow it out
note to self open trendy hat shot and
perhaps shop opened it trendy hat shop
and profit yeah you could do that
buy a pet rat and train him to sit on
your head whoo
wear a samurai cop wig that's oh I like
that rich go full Hulk Hogan and only
wear bandanas that'll be your thing
doesn't just wear bandanas his shtick is
that he's got that stringy blond hair
hanging out of the bottom exactly just
like my brother had for a while my
brother was like a metalhead kid went
bald young and for years he had like
this curtain of shoulder-length hair and
nothing on the top you don't want that
oh yeah and then he decided to you know
cut it short and he looks nice yeah like
the Captain Picard works like that's it
that's a look that works where you keep
a little bit of hair on the sides you
can see like if you look back to the
very first episode of best of the worst
that I'm on is when I had slightly lies
when I was rocking the Costanza I had
slightly longer crown ring around and it
looks terrible I hate it I hate looking
at it but you should totally do that
rich huh but you should totally do that
it'll work for you that won't I know I
think it would well yeah why you have a
wider head than I do you know I mean
there's always the option it's like oh I
don't like it let's shave all of that's
the thing but then I'm then I'm like we
got two guys on camera with a completely
you know I can't do that it would
destroy the space-time continuum
it would even you wouldn't you would
look at that you would turn on like one
of her videos now just be weird I was
like what are they go for like a weird
spaceman thing what is that way that's
what we would do just just put on silver
outfits put on silver house plastic
outfits we would change the sets and it
would because previously recorded from
the future in space
that's it previously recorded in space
those wigs like the judges in England
where oh that's exactly what we would do
if it ever came to that and it might we
don't know figure out what the
generations combo is I've burned every
picture together I think you can burn
three things at a time in stores how
many things can you burn at once as many
as you are have slots in your thing to
buy it once so like I think like it
starts out with like three or four you
can burn like six things at a time
oh it's very sure also it's limited to
some extent what you can afford to buy
okay but it's you know when you buy when
you burn stuff you get money it costs
money to burn stuff but you get money
when you burn stuff so yeah okay you
come out ahead all right yeah well we'll
wear v-necks so we'll find like silver
suits with v-necks so it shows like a
subtle amount of chest hair not like too
much to make it weird but just a little
bit like like a pump and should we also
buy a bunch of he-man action figures
silver spacesuits with Phoenix he-man
action figures and shaved heads but you
know what we'd have to go full-on commit
to the bid and also shave our eyebrows
shave our face head and eyebrows this
sounds like a terrible sounds like a
great idea is I guess that's what I'm
saying this sounds like a great idea
then that's exactly what's gonna happen
I guess we could just paint our head -
but then people will have like weird
rumors that you've got some kind of
medical condition that you guys are all
missing your eyebrow powder reviews game
leukemia gamers oh yeah whole stick like
that bill the hecka says for an April
Fool's prereq episode ritual shave his
head and Jack will have hair hmm what am
i shaved it it didn't grow back oh my
god I couldn't I couldn't do that I
couldn't do that quite a possibility
rich it's quite a possibility gaming
with chemo oh and and now listen to the
children scream what the generations Oh
tired and sad I'm so glad that you
watched Double Down
can you just bring time combo into
generations combo after don't cheat
don't you just experiment after after
our last stream I got in many tweets and
many comments of people who are fully
now converted to the Church of Breen
China has no idea well that's okay brain
or breathe breathe rich it is your
responsibility as a Brina light to
spread the good word of our Lord and
Savior though that you can do no wrong
breehn the breat breezes breezes loves
you and he's perfect in every way I
don't know if I can talk to you because
last time we talked about this if you'll
recall there was a schism in the church
schism yeah I don't remember in the do
ology of the brain you were a a single
single minded brain oh that's right you
believe in multiple Breen's yeah
well the two the two phases the two
sides of the brain right and there is no
two sides it's all one brain the whole
idealogy
and as we've discussed last time the
brain is powerful enough where he is
only one brain so you're right I'm I'm a
yuna brain if there may be as many
brains as he wants to be right there's a
man yes you hand me those sermons I need
to fortify myself there is there is a
man who made a movie ok and in the movie
that he made that he produced him wrote
and directed and started and started he
is the world's best computer hacker
secret agent cool guy that fighter jet
fighter pilot he does everything better
than everybody and he tells you that he
does everything better than ever and
everybody around him tends to agree that
he is the best at every have whatever it
is and it's it's it's one of the most
DoubleDown is one of the most amazing
movies I've ever seen Karen would hate
double down well you know it takes a
special kind to enjoy bad movies in
general yeah so I don't
you're right I'm more of an orthodox
brainian I understand that people like
bad movies for their badness and
occasionally I can like bad movies for
the badness but mostly I just rather
watch a good movie so you know that is
understandable Karen hates bad movies
she also hates oh my god I know
you know you know what that makes her
rich the counterbalance that's really
important know that I mean there are
some movies that are generally
considered kind of cheesy that I like
I'm a big fan of attack of the killer
tomatoes yeah
skeletal snuggles is donating to the
Church of breezes praise
praise be to the one true breezes and
fisted by dopes smoke is tipping us to
say place lay but what dopes smoke stood
by dope smoke would like to tip us to
say please play a different game rich
don't do it my wife almost divorced me
for watching Double Down sandwich that
they added yes sandwich you know what
that just means you need to know your
wife better like I explained the plot of
Double Down to my wife the next day and
it was laughing so hard while I was
remembering the movie but I would never
make her watch it she's not into bad
movies so Karen I know we've talked
about the Martian like the book with you
like two of the times you've been on the
show yep the Martian book but you did
see the movie I did see the movie what
do you think the movie I thought it was
a very good adaptation of the book it
was top-notch I mean yeah there were
some things that they had to sacrifice
there was less focus on the
interpersonal dynamics between the NASA
people there were a couple of things
from them from that I don't want to be
spoiling there were a couple of things
from the movie or book that figured
fairly prominently that were left out
but and and you know a few little things
that they changed like he writes stuff
and marker instead of Morse coating it
in rocks which you know things that were
just more practical to have on screen
one of the biggest big things that
weirded me out but I'm probably the only
person in the world who cares about this
the suits they look nice but why would
you have a suit that has fluorescent
orange details on Mars this sort of
thing makes sense in general having
things be hot orange because it's an
attention-getting Kadir color that you
know that contrasts with things but if
you want to be visible on Mars first and
orange isn't the color you want but when
you're like blue or green but when
you're making the movie it makes for a
very nice color palette
you know what the poster is very
exciting seeing him in that suit
the poster not on Mars your Mars you
gotta wear rust tones Karen people are
people are saying a flower or flowers
plus a clock flowers plus clock flowers
Oh springtime springtime I was just kind
of you know I gave up and I was just
pathetically doing one at a time but
flowers plus clock yeah that does sound
right that makes more sense
Thank You Chad pretty soon we're gonna
be able to unlock the second catalog and
burn more and different things double
down is on YouTube oh my god
you I mean it's probably an illegal copy
so I cannot really endorse it but I
don't think there is a legal way to view
double down at the moment just watch it
on YouTube is what I know I officially
cannot endorse it but you know but you
should see it link you can't see me
winking right now Marissa I can't
fucking control what you're doing there
I can't make it not there sorry about
that everybody
those are good yeah I don't know I did
yeah does anybody want to tell me what
the generations combo is so we can move
on to catalog number two o'clock
different stuff so that I see two family
pictures have you burnt those yeah I
tried burning the two family pictures
together
is it like a it's - it's definitely -
I'm trying right Raven Bowman says
spider eggs and portrait okay I don't if
you didn't couple of someone else's a
joke kitty oh oh one so spider eggs and
family picture - yeah I mean there's you
know what's the name of the other thing
generations yeah see I I mean I played
through this whole game I think there
was like one I couldn't figure out at
all and I went online and looked it up
but for the most part I mean I did but
thought eclis play through this game but
I did it you know a few minutes here and
there over three weeks just screwing
around with a little here and there
so it doesn't matter if you have a third
item in there it's not gonna freak out I
don't think it does but let's see whoops
I don't think I don't know if I burn
those together enough those by spiders
look at all the spiders what could be
more horrifying than jumping fighters
under after being born you get born into
a world of fire don't make me feel sorry
for them it's just a game I'm the one
who felt sir when I was little my mom
got me like this chocolate-covered
popsicle thing with eyes and I like ate
them and then I like felt completely
broken hearted and she had to put Google
eyes on it I'm focusing on the spiders
are icky look there add fire what can be
more aura fiying than burning spiders
better that baby spiders suffer what the
gobbledygook know would like us to read
from the book of Breen what was it
spider so sayeth the brain spider eggs
and there's a family picture faith
fateful findings is not repped by pan
entertainment for theatrical screening
if you know of an FF screening let me
know it's illegal so say it's Breen I
love them too but that that I think that
religion joke Brian out of legs running
on a seam running out of steam I'm not a
brain steam I think you need to have
more King James English thrown in there
right you know verily I say unto the
Asian you've run day we run jokes well
into the ground here that's kind of a
thing
ah yeah I think I give my other catalog
and yes more flaming dead spiders dying
spiders whatever spiders built Bert but
you know on the other hand you know
while they're born into a world of pain
they don't suffer for long they'll never
need therapy or antidepressant certain
whatever spiders have okay so then I get
my other catalog oh wait did I already
have second I don't even know but here's
the new catalog definitely buy this yeah
I gotta buy the new catalog wanna set a
raccoon on fire
raccoon plushie it should be suggest a
plushie Oh it should say trash panda
well but it does say you never heard
that there's like online they have like
they people have like taking pictures on
them some reddit or whatever and they
take pictures of animals and they put
give them different names okay
like the despite the snakes thing like
nope noodles and the and the Rays say
majestic see flap flap the raccoons say
trash panda which is like a I love it
yeah I I wholeheartedly endorse renaming
raccoons
to be trash pandas oh the space heater
is great this is like a really dangerous
space heater that set stuff on fire for
you well why would you want something to
set something on fire for you because
you just set it down and then it like
sets other shit on fire which is kind of
fun it sounds like the game is like
slowly encouraging you not to play the
game what is that oh just watch um is
that is that a muskrat eating a musket
it's a squirrel with a look-see okay so
now you've got your your space heater
you just set it there and then it like
overheats and sets other shit on fire
there goes the rabid squirrel a rabid
dog trash bandit this is horrifying
there is a dark side oh you want the
beginning credits or to close the
curtains man lives in the sunlit world
that's what he believes to be reality
but there is unseen by most a plate and
an underworld a place that is just as
real but not as brightly lit a dark side
what is always there waiting for us to
enter waiting to enter us until next
time try to enjoy the you never seen the
ocean it's great Jackson baby
he's few years younger than us and we
were pretty young when that came out
like like jack knows what a Power Ranger
is ya know I have a Power Rangers shirt
you you ever like give a Power Rangers
shirt and I was like yeah it came to
loot crate all I know is somebody said
it was Twilight Zone with boobs or yeah
boobs I'm interested in this now it was
a very cheesy kind of lame like one guy
he was like dead and you didn't want to
admit it and then somebody put pepper on
it in his handkerchief and he sneezed
off his no wasn't honey believed he was
dead it was just really cheesy kind of
horror themed weakly to evening TV show
but the credits are just this this shot
of the woods and then everything like
turns black and white and and then now
just going bad lives and the sunlit
world of what it's got great credit so
that's it was mostly all it has going
for tales from the dark side the one
that had the episode with the like the
diet the weight loss glances and the
lady put the weight loss glasses on and
what you put the glasses on
her food had faces and could talk to her
and they were begging her not to eat
them there was another show and she
eventually she eventually starves to
death because she can't bring herself to
eat the food anymore
I love it it might have been there was
another show that was then around that
era that was just as bad yeah yeah give
it a mouths okay so it was the twilight
zone with more boobs boobs and Tales
from the Crypt with less boobs so
somewhere as far as boob level is
concerned I'm okay with this yeah that
was um that was on network TV I don't
think I remain boobs and tales from the
dark side
yeah so maybe like cleavage maybe it was
listen the amount of boobs in a TV show
is very important to me it was like The
Twilight Zone as a horror done by people
with the humor sensibilities of like
quantum leap or something I don't even
know silly kind of light-hearted kind of
cheesy no no you not the best Briton
necessarily the credits were right I
think everybody can do pretty much agree
that the credits were nice
Twilight Zone had really good credits -
and so did what was it Twilight Zone
holds up - this fucking day yeah yeah oh
the the writing and the well because I
mean like my I've talked about this
before I think that that really
well-written things work as place I
think to me that's like the deciding
factor with a lot of these things if
it's is it well-written would it work
onstage mm-hmm well I mean if something
works onstage so anything that works
onstage had to be well-written yeah I
don't necessarily know that something
has to work onstage to peep to be
well-written but if something's going to
work onstage it probably has to be
possibly you know like you're not taking
into account things like excellent
cinematographer right right okay but you
know there there are movies with very
little dialogue that just you know has
excellent camera work for that one Mad
Max fury road would not work on stage 56
dead at Mad Max fury road but I'm
thinking like you know like like rich
and I are both jack never seen flight of
the Phoenix so I have a few original
original with you yeah
the original would work perfectly well
like you don't know about flight of the
Phoenix Jack flight of the Phoenix
it's an old Jimmy Stewart movie that
they remade recently with Dennis Quaid
which was a bad idea seven years ago
they decided it needs more explosions
and more battles and more it needed end
in a terrorist battle or something
something what is it they describe
flight of the Phoenix the whole gist of
the movie is is there's a well these
people these people have crashed in the
Gobi Desert or somewhere they've crashed
in the desert and this one guy says he
is he is a twist of exactly what he does
for a living but he says we can take the
parts of what's left of our plane and
salvage it and turn it into a different
kind of plane and he's a very mean
spirit he's well he's cold and he's
methodical like he's saying well this
plane will hold like five people and
they're like well what about
such-and-such and they're like well you
said he would only live three days and
this is gonna take five so we don't have
to worry about him because he's gonna be
dead you know and yeah so him and Jimmy
Stewart get into it this guy is in this
bhisma he was written you know probably
what twenty years after the Second World
War or something so he's like your
stereotypical Nazi character the guy
Hardy Kruger who played the actor from
and he actually was a a Nazi film actor
during the Second World War in the lead
up to that in German it's slander no I
mean he really was actually it's
historically accurate I have no idea
what beliefs were you know whether he
did that by choice or coercion but but
he actually did star in some Nazi
propaganda films during World okay but
anyway so is it a spoiler if I tell what
happened what the big twist at this
point no you know if you're dragging
down this old 50-year old movie that is
is really good put your fingers in your
ears for the next 30 seconds yeah so the
twist is that this guy is a model
airplane designer okay and the Jimmy's
when the Jimmy Stewart character these
other people find out they're like well
you know this is crazy of course you
know you're there's no way we're all
gonna die there's no way this is gonna
work you just design toys and he's he
doesn't get it you know and then he's
like well it's all the same principles
and he's right it is and I think there's
a little bit of battle with some people
who show up some kind of Raiders in the
desert but they remade the movie with
all kinds of CGI and giant battle scenes
and terrorists and and bad dialogue no
interaction the original one it's it's
all about the dialogue and the concepts
and it would work on a stage just fine
but but what makes the movie work though
is that the only person who can possibly
save their lives is a tremendous asshole
yes possibly a Nazi and he's a modeler a
arrogant model aircraft designer I like
that I like that idea it's it's a
wonderful movie he goes on strike ones
because he doesn't think people are
working hard enough so he stops telling
them how
to make the plane yeah I like the idea
of like an effective dickhead yeah like
not not just effective at being a
dickhead but like someone who gets stuff
done who is also a dickhead someone in
which you are forced to put up with yeah
yeah like that there's people heads
coming out of it the teddy bear is
really disturbing is that the teddy bear
which one did the people heads come
shout out at the bottle of whatever that
is the bottle of best friends supplement
pills will burn these one at a time yeah
the teddy bear and the diamond will do
one at a time studies show that oil
spills help baby animals float Chernobyl
kinsman I agree with you effective
asshole works great an army of Darkness
last night we watched that I made Karen
watch ash vs. Evil Dead oh yeah I don't
know assuming I'm not caught up if there
was a new one this Saturday we watched
the first one anyway oh well you're not
a huge fan what did you think of the
first episode I thought it was kind of
fun I mean it was silly in a good way
yes deeply silly deeply silly
Oh house is another good example or
there any Sherlock Holmes you know like
just a fellow yeah Sherlock Holmes was
like looks like just kind of some
jerkwad heroin addict but he was
brilliant but it's brilliant right so I
had to put up with him being a huge
dickhead was that you you dickhead
though house was a huge dick well I I
believe like he was written to be a huge
dickhead but our but relativity our
memory is well no no but our concept of
what a dickhead is now and what a
dickhead was back then okay it's
slightly dead and so like house if you
look at house is a perfect like remake
of Sherlock Holmes that's exactly what
Sherlock Holmes would be nowadays well
I've heard that they gave him the name
house as an homage to Holmes oh yeah
sure yeah I believe it so I believe that
is the the proper successor to Sherlock
Holmes in modern day
what's his friend's name in the show was
the you know the cancer doctor I can't
remember Wilson godson Wilson elementary
my dear Wilson house is a drug addict -
yeah accent an opiate addict in fact
both of them specifically although I
think I think it's I think I think it's
possible Sherlock was doing a certain
amount of cocaine - I don't know if if
Han Solo would would quite fit in you
know like Han Solo it you know is the
thief with the heart of gold yeah that's
different thing that's a one chef and
it's it's kind of like shades of grey
but like it's subtly different where
he's not the biggest dickhead he's just
kind of a prick he's just got cocky yeah
yeah just kind of cocky little selfish
he doesn't tell people to fuck off what
are they gonna give house like a smarter
brother like Sherlock Holmes hand - at
some point or sure like Mike Mycroft
minecraft Microsoft I believe minecraft
but like my mother doesn't end there
they just Mycroft every okay who is
house is Moriarty the guy who shot him
in that one episode
I think credited is Moriarty okay yeah
it wasn't like a major character but he
did get shot once and I think of the
credits just the random person shot I'm
just credited this Moriarty was what's
it like season three or four where he
didn't like had just a cop hounding him
yeah - I think like there were there was
a season-long nemesis yeah yeah the cop
was kind of a Jagger and like but the
cop was also like very methodical very
like yeah very clever
like house was just not as clever so
that could be the Moriya and arguably
right about a lot of things houses
Moriarty is lupus you know I have I got
as a gift one's the entire collected
works of Sherlock Holmes and I would
really one day I would really like to
read them but I just have never cared
enough to get around to it it's it's
constantly on my list where it's like I
would love to read Sherlock Holmes Jack
I have the answer for you
yeah audio books audio books I find you
know well I mean I you know you may or
may not have down time where you're at
work or where or driving or whatever
where you have no where you have to do
things with your hands but you don't
necessarily have to use your mind a lot
sure and and I actually I listened to
the whole one book that I had always
meant to get into but it just never
could seem to get into it was Tale of
Two Cities and I listened to the entire
thing on audiobook and it was great and
it would took about 20 hours but you
know you listen to it like 20 minutes if
you have the right narrator well yeah
that matters anything can be can be
wonderful and exciting yeah and I'm sure
with the Sherlock Holmes books you could
probably and you can listen to the
samples and whatnot before you purchase
but you could probably for each one of
those books you know choose from five
different narrators right oh sure
well what we need is
oh and now Cameron
we need Hugh Laurie reading Sherlock
Holmes he has a you Laurie has a a
wonderful deep British okay she would
want it in his his native accent or him
to put on a and a historically accurate
Oh something that Americans would know
the difference a Hugh Laurie I just want
I want Stephen Fry to read it to me
because he has like yes his voice is a
little deeper a little a little more
soothing just do it we were just
listening to him last night he was
leading me Steve why there's well
there's like there's that go the fuck to
sleep oh sure right well you'll there's
a sequel called like why the fuck Mort
you eat or something and it's they're
trying to get the child to eat and that
one is read by Stephen Fry does an
excellent job really excellent yes
Stephen Fry's great everybody's great
the chat wants Patrick Stewart oh I
would like that and if he's done he's
done a lot of Shakespearean stuff so not
only is the English but he can probably
do multiple accents yeah Vin Diesel
reading sure elementary my dear was that
he's probably dumb in real life no
actually he's quite smart in really yeah
but his on-screen persona yeah me Dad
oh yeah meathead I believe he's one of
those that will always come up on me
like 15 actors you didn't know we're
Roose Martin lists those awful awful
lists Winnie Cooper is like a doctor now
some dream of the chat a fry reading
Hitchhiker's Guide would be great sounds
like he might have oh look out for that
I define that I used to like I used to
have a lot more like audio free time or
I got into like podcast
and audiobooks a lot unfortunately most
of my editing now I have to listen you
know I have to listen to rich and I talk
is the worst kind of editing because I
have to listen to us and I can't I can't
listen to audiobooks that was pretty
insensitive like Bill Cosby you know
doing the audio version of the accused I
don't I don't think that wasn't very
good taste you know the thing is he did
it really recently like it wasn't even
something he did weeks ago like wow who
even read that one anymore like why
bring it up Bill Cosby oh the opera
singer I love her she's fun they have
the crappy cat now he's not why are the
lists Christopher Walken voice I don't
know just the voice that came up in my
head
there are sherlock of video games well
probably I suppose well if there's Nancy
Drew there's Nancy Drew video games they
sure are
shit yeah we're gonna play the fuck out
of some Nancy Drew I think they're
they're probably you know targeted at 11
year old girls and they're like kind of
point-and-click e or something I've
actually played anything that sounds
right up my alley I don't know if it's
you every tiny Nancy Drew books none
they're actually I I enjoyed them when I
was a kid I mean I I think adults could
enjoy them too they're certainly more
complicated as mysteries than the
encyclopedia brown which you know going
back and reading him now it's like so
obvious oh sure but it maybe isn't when
you're 9 it wasn't obvious to me when I
was not look at the watcher oh that's so
sad it's tragic
yeah there are 20 Nancy Drew video games
holy crap I feel bad so how's burning
things going how's this working out for
you oh pretty good if you want to do
something else game wise I'm fine with
that I'm just kind of oh sure and you
know I was just I'm just hitting the
point where I'm ready to go to bed I'm
gonna leave thank you for stopping by
no oh hey thank you for having me bye
like I just felt the need to blow my
nose again and in thinking of blowing my
nose again made me really sleepy
alright that's what I'm gonna do so you
guys figure it out
don't forget when when you hear the oh
my god - check your yeah alerter to see
what they say but hey buy it bye
everybody
thanks for Jack better soon and having a
super fun super fun time you sure you
don't want to take the rest of these
sour mints with you you can have them
know like excitement
Roundy's brand sour glaze like me
questioned your mouth available at all
these if you're putting on a product
training you want to haunt them for free
I think all these brand excitement sir
casual the other one no I'm just leaving
because I'm sick and I don't want like
I'm gonna go home and go to bed like
don't were streams that ending is
anything and don't worry I was going to
home to spend time with my family or any
other bullshit reason like that I'm
gonna go to sleep it's gonna be great
goodbye I get sick and blaming you all
right so we're shut this down I'm the
streamer the snow this game yeah all
right you're out there it's kind of cold
very cold when I when I parked I like
you know the Lots sloped in places so it
was like well okay I will make sure that
I park in a way where I am facing
downhill in case I can't get traction
well I put the car in park and shut the
car off and the car continued to skid
along for about five feet it was in park
the wheels are locked and it's just
sliding down through the parking lot
goodbye alright but hey the doggy
daycare is cold so doggy daycare yeah
what about the doggy doggy daycare next
door's cold hmm so the little critters
are inside so there's that yeah a little
bit more we're gonna spell some fucking
words
as soon as I can find them ever you see
ki ng oh I'm sorry
som e fu ck ing wo RDS that's very good
cold star for robot girl no there we are
we're not there we're here oh we're not
quite there I gotta sit down so everyone
else could see it too can you hand me my
tablet
