Rich's Stolen GTA V Story (yes)
April 8, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=armjRH0iuOk

now that we're back okay now we're back
now we're back for you oh my I forgot to
turn back on the microphones it
automatically shut off unregistered on
consoles are generally more useless so
for a while there for a while there we
were we were talking but no one could
hear us mm-hmm hold on I'm checking well
I guess I guess that means they'll never
know when the next point of review is
coming out oh it's coming out tomorrow
so rich why don't you retell everyone
your grand theft auto 5 store yeah this
is this is my this is my stolen copy of
grand theft auto 5 yes it's true looking
at me like I'm a monster I don't I don't
know what you're talking about
no I mean I know that stealing is bad
but I don't know what you're talking
about specifically we did the the blood
Harborview well is now yet but we're
doing the blood more in review and we
needed to get a second PlayStation 4
because that's a PlayStation 4 exclusive
oh I did hear this story yeah that's
right and so we bought the the second
ps4 and I was gonna get that one because
she already had your login information
on the other Russell and I take it home
I'm ready to play blood-borne right I
gotta put the disc in the disc isn't
going in rise in the disk going in
oh it must be a defective piece for
plastic strip worm I did the disk drive
should be right what the fuck what the
fuck I hit the the PlayStation button on
the controller where I try to eject the
disk there's there's no disk in there
there's no option to eject anything
right according to the main menu of the
PlayStation 4 card on the menu the place
before no games my god I just put her on
my fucking I'm lying information now we
gotta fucking take it back at the store
and get another one
yes I go I call up Jack and I'm like
Jack do you still have the receipt this
way stations but defective described but
did you try it Jacob there's no option
in the money you can't do it I don't
know how technology works out or not
they inject tells me that like one of
the seams on the PlayStation 4 is
actually an eject I'm not gonna touch
but they're hidden buttons right here
just just put a fucking eject button
with a big label that's this eject disk
on the front of the goddamn thing you
don't need to hide it in a crevasse
they're going for sleep sleep but but I
hit eject and you know it could have
been fucking anything in there it'd have
been like it could have been SSX tricky
tricky yeah no it's a fucking Grand
Theft Auto five spits out of the jackpot
and there was no there was no debate in
Rich's mind over whether or not we
should return it no smiled guilt I
wouldn't have guilt that's the fault of
whoever because it was by use misuse
that was the thoughts of whoever brought
it in its get it it's got a name written
on it Jay oh really does Jordan and the
letters look like they were written by a
child oh okay that makes meals yeah this
changes everything
and it's like no matter what way you
slice it this is bad you know you bring
you bring the game back it's not my game
stops gonna go out of the way and track
down little six-year-old Jordan right
well you know what six-year-old Jordan
should not be playing this game you know
what I saw Robocop when I came
are you rich up no you are I'm not fine
something was watching r-rated yes I I
have not become a violent psychopath
right rip my my boys have been watching
me play blood-borne oh yeah they love it
yeah they fucking level here's the thing
kids love violence it's true it's very
true they'll uh they love and you know
of course it's very important to deal
with things like what is reality and
what oh yeah obviously understand the
difference and if they don't then
they're crazy to begin with yes um but I
mean yeah I was watching fuckin Friday
the 13th movie is when I was tiny and no
they first Robocop they like the mus is
when we got to the snake part and like
the snakes first out of the guy's head
my six year olds like Wow Oh real baby
pictures my wife super pissed at me
here's great she's pissed that you're
bringing joy to your child absolutely
because that's what you're doing because
kids love that shit they do this the
kitchen scene and gremlins that was like
my favorite scene in any movie ever when
I get and there's nothing I can do about
it there's nothing I can do for poor
little six-year-old Jordan there's
nothing there's nothing you can do you
see the city roads are like an
illiterate 20 year old Jordan if you're
if you're listening to this comes the
brakes but I feel bad for you this is a
relatively new game obviously it's
somebody that fell on hard times or or
had their stuff stolen yeah that's
possible oh yeah this could be a stolen
tragic this could be a hot PlayStation
but by the way if it's a hot PlayStation
what that means is that game stop didn't
put a disc in to check that it worked oh
yeah so what the fuck everybody did
everything wrong but it ain't up to us
having this PlayStation or this was a
game that game stopped took in from
Jordan maybe you know maybe Jordan like
maybe it wasn't the ps4 maybe it was
just the game yeah they used this game
to test the ps4 and then like reset the
console with the disk in causing the
malfunction which i think is far more
likely they were testing the game and
then they did their kabuki magic to
really set the console that's what you
have to do with ps4 and
and they forgot the game in there so
it's it's taking a game from a big
faceless corporation mmm I can't play
the game it's installing apparently I
didn't know about this lengthy install
and I apologize ooh maybe it's a disk
what does it have to install the extra
shit and I don't know I don't know this
stuff works well if you didn't install
the game to load it would probably take
forever like like on blood-borne which
really needs to have an install option
you know I hope they had a patch for me
it's fine
it's a minute every time you die and you
die a lot I spent at this point probably
two hours looking at
loading screen you don't know but when
it's obnoxious your game the loading
screen is horribly obnoxious but when
you don't die how long did you make it
without without any without any seem
without any loading time you made it you
can make it theoretically hours and
sewing through the entire world under
streaming back and plus I'm just saying
the prick and you die a lot by design
the potential die a lot you look at it I
know you love the game and you don't
want to say anything negative because
you love the game that's true but no no
you be it the step up Jack you're a
fucking reviewer yeah this is the shit
you have to do for joy living the joy is
worth the joy and then the counter
points which are legitimate and exist
yeah this is uh this is a little
ridiculous what's happening here that's
I thought it's the iPod bloodborne did
this and you wouldn't have that loading
screen as much I thought you were having
this on just to chat with us and be like
oh yeah there's just some in the
background is ever just concern about
how awesome already movies are when
you're six right right which is true
yeah I don't know I don't know when I'm
trying to think of like the first oh I
know what it was there's the first
r-rated movie now the first are like the
first movie that I saw too young and I
realized that was too young to be
watching it I don't think I ever had
that experience yeah I did Washington oh
wow that'll do very similar 30 years
you're doing something some woman's ass
with the toothbrush and you just scarred
everybody losing mine is it true is that
actually what was going on
toothbrush of all I wasn't going into
anything it was just brushing her ass
wait what I thought is the real thing
that happens in pornography
I'm not googling this no it's
not to Robocop didn't mess you up
it's the toothbrush porn toothbrush in
someone's asshole there you go that's
great that's good for me it was
sleepaway camp - Oh sleepaway camp -
where's the good one when it's that one
which is a softcore porn there's a lot
of sex and they move there's a one
character - it says one actress I feel I
almost feel bad for her
she's like naked and fucking that whole
movie the entire movie yeah yeah I was
watching it it was like a friend of a
friend's dad or something and and he's
like yeah watch watch this movie that
was his movie and he left like midway
through and it's just like I am too
young to see this yeah I knew it I knew
it I did not stop watching
oh of course not the best part is that
character she's having sex with some
dude in the woods hmm and they're going
at it and then when they're done she
gets up she's putting her clothes back
on she's like hey you don't have AIDS or
anything do you
and he's like no it's like okay great
thanks see you later and it just leaves
oh I like sleep boy can't do that's
coming out on blu-ray from screen
factories shut the fuck up it's true I
don't know if I can ever want to edit
movie again it's it's it's a comedy more
than anything it is I was far too young
to see it yeah I had those like I like
the toxic avenger I saw when I was too
young it's like I didn't get that it was
supposed to be a comedy cuz there was
like horrific violence this is like so
it like my brain didn't understand then
this could possibly be funny so yeah
that's the movie that fuck man
fucked with my brain when I was little
no I oh I I understood Robocop though I
mean I didn't understand the satire of
it but I didn't like it wasn't an
outright comedy like something like the
toxic avenger was so I kind of like got
it but the toxic avenger made no sense
to me like I felt like weird and dirty
after it cuz I did not
what it was doing my mother loved the
movies yeah a family night family night
was Friday the 13th it's like I like
horror movies but you know when you're
with people when you're with people who
don't like them it's just no fun yes
true you know you need to be with people
who like to see the splatter yeah yeah
there's nothing worse than watching a
movie that you love with somebody who's
not enjoying it at all that's like the
most awkward uncomfortable feeling and
you realize that not even just that but
or just like a movie that you are just
kind of enjoying yeah like it just kills
the buzz it's be gonna kill the buzz
it's almost there what's going out of
here
have you not played this sir Ivan's my
book work oh sure I think I've guides a
play Grand Theft Auto 5 but it's on the
ps3 oh ok ok I'm with you this is the
fights of schmancy version oh speaking
of scream factory a little irritated no
no they have a thing if you preorder
their blu-rays directly from their
website you get them two weeks earlier
than street date Oh
before like before they're in stores
yeah so I preordered escape from New
York
of course cuz I fuckin love that movie
the Ghoulies Ghoulies - ok right um
supposed to show up on Monday I had
tracking information for him cuz they
don't come out for another two weeks
um and it's an estimated delivery Monday
April was Monday the 6th sure whatever
it was still haven't shown up I'd go to
the USPS comm website enter the tracking
information it hasn't been updated since
April 3rd so my my things they're just
out there somewhere and I have no
information on them I'm very upset very
the whole reason i pre-ordered him was
so I can get him early yep you'll never
see them I'll be very disappointed if I
don't get them
or if you get them after like everyone
else after everybody else I preordered
up so I can get him early I'm just like
the normies yeah yeah
