Dead Rising and DareDevil Spoilers (Part 4)
April 22, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=coNK1UvY4m4

that's really great that's really great
Oh apparently hello Draco says one of my
friends is the guy in unfriended who
sticks his hand in the blender well
that's the best part of the movie his
name is Jacob
why is he Aki well you let him know that
I think he's the best part of the movie
the funniest part of the trailer for
sure oh that's great that's great
they believe her leave her but uh so
yeah Faria in any case fair use be
damned
YouTube Branca takes down it into
anything just in case yeah which is by
the way they're right you could dispute
it yeah but that takes you know it can
take up to 30 days for that dispute to
you know cancel out yep and it is
perfectly in you damn it so that's fine
so you found a clever yes Oh God gifted
maybe back up a little bit oh don't
throw her throw up see what happens
everyone off
Holcomb know they're helping you oh my
god oh my god I thought you were doing
something man yeah yeah don't be so
close
Estevan no it's not I mean it's not
necessarily shitty YouTube they're just
today they're just blanket like
protecting not only themselves but
remember like YouTube is an advertising
platform they make more money from
studios than they do from content
producers so they're protecting their
interests it's just a thing you have to
do it's just I stopped killing the
zombies I'm trying to fuck around with
the zombies let's see here
die Loki thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciate it yeah I'll show
for a faceless corporation who only
cares about money
YouTube is is a great thing YouTube is
fantastic YouTube means I get to watch
anything I want all the time every day
and as a video producer who started
making videos before YouTube YouTube is
a great thing oh god do you know the
real players on my old old old website
that's all the videos were uploaded with
the real player 320 by 180 is the worst
it was the worst it's it's it means
YouTube means that more people have the
ability to see things that I make and so
putting up with their system is worth it
yeah it's not a perfect system but yeah
none art no no and you know like the way
around it is to get your own
servers which then you have to pay for
and maintain and protect which is crazy
expensive so and yeah if like red-letter
me they got their own video servers
there would be playback issues there
would be incredible cost it just would
be peaceful
that's right Pizza trend you can go
watch every episode of Danger Mouse
right now if you want your stick head
your dickhead friends are shooting all
of them but that's okay it's great bonus
come thank you for subscribing very much
appreciated that's fine Greg still
waiting for me Greg Greg is still there
oh hey did miss one that was 12 hours
ago
mr. Foreman Ellie thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate them
that fucking great you know this this is
stunning
Jolly's ck thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
we really do everything is great all the
time everything is great all the time
and I'm sorry if I missed anyone else
I've been trying to keep tabs on
subscriber notifications so obviously
I've missed a couple Jack are you
excited about the order to the order
1887 I only had some issues with the
first one but you know I kinda want to
judge the second one you have coming
second one I wouldn't want to do that
it's gonna be great it's gonna be great
what's good sure it's gonna look at this
one look good the first won't look too
great had issues but I haven't played
the second one
so yeah great so you can't you cannot
judge it before you know No
no I'm gonna do that and be wrong that
would be morally wrong and and may
nameless said I I agree that the reasons
the reason for YouTube the reason for
YouTube's popularity is because of the
massive user base and of course there's
a there is a symbiotic relationship
between content producers and YouTube
being the distribution network and so we
have to work together so we can't just
say fuck YouTube because that's not true
hopefully they'll sort their shit out
that's the be bucking the trend run yeah
thank you
you want me you want to out of Azeroth
that's all I want to do solid role and
ever gonna stop beating up your friends
well there's zombies in the area and
they're gonna get eaten a final bit of
the zombies won some you lose some
that's that's a good question is how
much is YouTube paying me to shell for
882 people so 582 people can sign up for
YouTube right now right they're paying
me exactly zero dollars 0.01 dollars I
make one cent for every new subscriber
if you subscribe with oh oh my god this
is creepy what the fuck is that
well yeah look there's a river of zombie
spawn there at this point in time wow
our sisters already dead oh oh damn girl
tragedy for the sisters
what frisbee so well that's good oh my
god oh you found it you found the Hat
there you go now you got the outfit oh
the outfit you're gonna die
Oh also have I told you about my newest
save state tragedy no this is before I
had a save state tragedy with Binding of
Isaac the game oh yeah I'm really hurt
about this yeah you know that happens I
guys find this fun so it's playing this
game with this new game on Sunday called
Titan souls and it has a really neat
concept behind it which is you buy it
once much like my save state failure
before is you I get to buy it once play
it on the ps4 and on my Vita okay then
you could save the game on your ps4 and
start playing from your save on your
Vita really cool thing right only there
it's not it crashes every time I try to
synchronize my save okay and the only
way I can play the game is it
synchronizes and saves before I play so
I can't play the game I've been playing
because it keeps crashing so heads up
anyone who knows anyone involved with
titan souls
tell them I'm super pissed I had a good
game going I got a couple hours in doing
a couple of the bosses and first of all
rich that's great that's pretty great so
I'm super pissed at Titan Souls right
that's right leftover beef dip only
Jesus Saves Jack and not so much I want
to try to reacquaint myself with these
special moves while wearing this head
just dick punch everyone yes Oh while
wearing the creepy Lego head it's hard
to just knock them down because I'm too
leveled up it's hard to not kill a
zombie mmm and I wanna I want to do more
of like them kill them when they're on
the ground with their head off sure shit
there's a judo throw them over your
shoulder one I never could get but it's
great yeah it's great look oh yes now
you're gonna do all the cutscenes in
little leg up bed
Abey Abey yep
what this game is like a decade old so
I'm not gonna worry about spoilers these
zombies are caused lose your chance turn
the the stream off by the way if you
haven't and want to play dead rising
these zombies are caused by parasitic
wasps ah that's a queen so he killed the
wasp so it kills the zombies in the
immediate area oh this is the little
wasp larvae around on the ground there
look which I just squish one well I
suppose it's fish mom oh it's not a Lego
head no it kinda looks like a yeah it's
from the Mega Man Legends oh okay didn't
call the lay ahead if you want it's
apparently a serve bot yeah oh great yes
Richard did just spoil the game I you
ample opportunity to turn the stream off
also the game is and the game's nikinoo
is the decade old so the the statute of
limitations has expired on the game on
spoiler warnings for the game
what time is the jacket it is 10:30 it
is 10:30 rich why Oh am i full of dead
rising okay what do you want to do hmm
it's a good question yeah we haven't
talked about daredevil yet well I'm
heading out
oh there we go I can have our official
daredevil conversation something needs
to happen in the background during the
official daredevil conversation though
usually demon souls we don't have the
ps3 with us today we will play demon
souls FTL do the life deal won't we talk
about no that won't happen it just won't
happen yep
you did it Oh Greg there now
congratulations Oh Greg you should hear
the greatest I mean yeah we can just
kind of mow down zombies and talk about
whatever don't worry yeah no no no oh he
said no shit
goodbye everybody good I love you oh you
said I did thank you I don't mean it
okay when you're okay everybody it's
like it's like um I love you but I'm not
like in chat I love you we love you and
we love all of the things that you love
just as much as you love them all the
just as my own
we acknowledge but not more because our
love won't supersede your love it'll be
exactly like like Boop step in line with
your love for all of the things that you
love I guess what we're trying to say is
we are so in love with you then our love
if you've never done anything with that
song we did I mean we got to upload it
to YouTube
whatever you want to make a music video
maybe or just uploaded to well you'd
want some if you uploaded to YouTube
we'd have to have some sort of visual a
company man I'll just put it on
soundcloud I I would almost rather put
it on YouTube but we'd have to come up
with some visuals to go with a band camp
I don't know what see we will do
something to do something love as in
love for the for the blu-ray release
happen in 20 yes Ray's not a thing
anymore when it's hipster - like blu-ray
that's all oh my god Phoenix I don't
know rich there are no spikes in Dead
Rising but thank you for asking
okay you just like give this pause and
talking about there don't
okay what rich Oh hold on eternal was
sunk for one if you haven't watched your
novel oh yeah and you plan to yeah if
you are going to watch it you haven't
yet the stream is over for you
yes basically everything from here on
out full spoiler full on 190 percent
daredevil spoiler daredevil spoilers are
happening as soon as we're done warning
you about the daredevil spoilers so and
that's all we're gonna talk about we're
not gonna talk about anything else we're
gonna talk about daredevil and then
we're gonna be done so if you have not
seen daredevil and don't want any
spoilers thank you thank you for coming
out we really appreciate it later yep
say bye guys we we really appreciate it
you guys coming out so I'm gonna type
spoilers now and then spoilers no
they're gonna see you type spoilers now
yeah where they hear you say we haven't
bad we're gonna start saying spoilers
once you type saying spoilers now so I
think you have to type one more time
spoilers now because of the delay okay I
think yeah it's typed again yes now okay
so rich you had a problem you have you
have problems with daredevil that I
don't have I think mine is relatively
minor no I know we got heated we got the
other night but it was over in the long
and the greater scream of thing
relatively minor points right no and and
it got heated and some of that was
comical and some of that was because I
really like their this one and we don't
we we rarely have these sort of nerdy
debates so I do one I do apologize if I
struck any tone or if I was mean
whatever cuz that you were friends so we
could bring up jib back up or so I give
you shit yeah maybe we shouldn't even
give me shit sometimes it's fine great
okay we're starting yeah you said you
had some points you know nothing I'm not
super fond of the kingpin um all right
let's let's establish just some
some things it's crazy yeah Wilson Fisk
of the kingdom yeah he is the major
focus of our heroes angst in the show
yes we agree on that
I mean at a certain point yes like like
like like you know first obviously the
Daredevils just fighting crime
Matt Matt Murdock yeah right he's he's
he's a devout Christian yeah adopted um
Catholic Catholic and he's like Wilson
Fisk is so terrible yeah that this dead
this faithful dedicated Catholic is
debating with a soul on whether or not
the only way he can deal with the
kingpin is too flat up yes he's
struggling with this because the dirt
was so bad
yeah the kingpin is so bad that the only
way that I can think the handle the
situation is to murder yes it's so
serious that Karen Paige Paige right
Karen sure that that she is willing to
stupidly risk her own life in order to
bring him down yeah by digging into the
end of the wound and looking for more
information on the kingpin even though
that right they tried to kill her once
because she do too much yeah she kind of
got out okay yeah um and then it's so
important to bring the kingpin down
she's going to risk her life and
potentially be assassinated again yeah
okay yes I've been been your reporter
yes taking down the kingpin is so
important that he refuses a promotion
that will get his dying wife better
health care because what he's doing to
stop the kingpin finding this
information is so important do we agree
on this and that in that specific case I
think Ben Urich the the moral of the Ben
Urich side is that he is such a die-hard
reporter I don't think that had to do
specifically with the kingpin I just
thought I just think that was like a
story I think I think about the point
though where he's he's like putting his
dying wife kind of on the backburner
he's risking her health care and see
he's the the way his character played to
me was like and everyone said it like
his wife was like he was a reporter Bob
blog
so it's like if it was any interesting
so all he saw was an interesting story
so that wasn't necessarily so his
motivation might just be because he's
too much of a burger but at least at
least with Matthew Murdock and and Karen
their motivation is that the King Finn
is so awful he has to be stopped
no matter the consequences absolutely I
can't agree what I can't wrap my head
around yes because what why is the
kingpin that important why why are they
willing to do this stop the kingpin what
has he done that is so terrible that
needs to be stopped so desperately okay
this is what I don't understand okay and
I'm gonna do my best and and and rich
rich warned me that we were gonna talk
more in depth about this so I I wanted a
mostly I wanted a heavy is a more
focused and more civil yes I just watch
the show at this point I hadn't really
digested what I've seen and it's at this
point it's sat for a few days and I
think we're gonna have a better
conversation I and I agree I agree and
so I actually rewatched the first two
episodes just to kind of react away
myself because like I like I didn't
binge watch but Lisa and I watched like
a couple episodes every night and so I
got through the series pretty fast it's
only 13 episodes so I rewatched the
first two episodes and here is something
that I think you might like maybe it's
not as important to you or you might be
downplaying is the reason that kingpin
is such a bad guy is because he
personally affected like for Karen right
he is responsible for changing her life
yes
he had the he framed her for murder and
he murdered someone in her apartment yes
and so and like that was a huge
character thing for her that has
literally broken her for the the rest of
the series as far as we know right yeah
then later on she finds out that the
kingpin was responsible for that so like
for her that's incredibly personal right
for daredevil who has literally is just
trying to fight bad guys
he's fighting bad guys he's fighting bad
guys like he develops a relationship
with Karen but more so he's just all
he's trying to do is stop the bad guys
he learns that the kingpin is the
biggest bad guy through the Russians
right yeah so therefore he is the
biggest threat okay so that makes sense
now now that's just like technically why
he's the most baddest of the guy because
he affects someone personally he affects
someone slightly personally but he's
just like the big bad boss right for
daredevil but if you look back at that
first episode the reason why us as
viewers can understand why he is so big
is because they shroud him in mystery
yep and all we hear about is hearsay and
rumor huh which adds this like mythos to
him like the kingpin is so powerful that
he has all of these people bowing down
to him and he's not even in the room
with them right like we see we see like
the the old Chinese lady the Russians
the accountant the Japanese guy they're
all talking to someone who they call his
lap dog but they're listening to his lap
dog because they are so afraid of the
kingpin and so like us is the audience
all we have to go on is how other
characters react in and so just through
the world without ever seeing the
kingpin we know he's huge
okay no problem I might die jesting and
my mowing it over please what do they
like the kingpin has you know the
organization works right there's there's
like like four or five people involved
there's the accountant guy
yeah there's gal who does the drugs with
the blind people yep there's the Russian
who makes the drug who makes the drugs
there's the the Japanese we're just
UKUSA I don't know what they do but
they're Yakuza yeah and then there's the
Russians who kidnap people and they
distribute the drugs and supposedly I'm
assuming these people all have been
doing these things their entire life the
GAO has always made her living doing
drugs and the Russians are just
criminals sure we can assume that
how does the kingpin facilitate that
when they'd be doing these things
whether or not the kingpin would be
there in fact what does the kingpin do
at all
but these other characters would need or
care about the kingpin doesn't seem to
have his own mafia he seems to almost
just be a businessman who has gotten
himself involved with a crime so he
could get more money but I never I never
really got the sense that he had his own
mafia he just has the Smithers and I'm
gonna call him Smithers because he's
basically Smithers I first and there's
like a few other bodyguards that we
don't see until near the end of the show
can we agree that Smithers is fantastic
he's a little bit I listen know I love
he's too devoted I love that about he's
devoted to the point where it almost
throws me off of liking that character a
man as an evil and were spoiler-free so
we can talk about it and you've seen it
all yes
okay so lino so super super spoilers for
for daredevil
now when Smithers dies I was shocked cuz
I loved him so much as a bad guy because
he was so creepily devoted it was just
like what did it what did the king pandu
why is Smithers so into him I had so
many questions that I really wanted to
explore his character I don't see what I
would see when I watch the show I don't
understand why they're devoted to him
because he doesn't seem to be that
important to the big picture so so
here's the thing he brings nothing to
the table the other people kind of run
the crimes and if I were daredevil I'd
be more I'd be less concerned with
Wilson Fisk's than I would be and just
stopping ghoul from making the drugs and
stopping the Russians from kidnapping
people and once you get rid of those
people
what's the kingpin half he's a
businessman well here's here's what they
talk about
there's using citing specific examples
from the show yes the Russians during
the Russian episode I want to say that's
episode 3 they were my favorite villains
they were they were goofy they were
funny the Russians talk specifically
about how Wilson Fisk gave them the
opportunity for the big time so Wilson
used his money influence
power to elevate them to where they are
so they might have been small time
crooks
he used his evil power whatever it may
be to give them the network to give them
the money so he's their boss right so
therefore they needed him and he needs
you know it's a symbiotic relationship
right boss isn't work we just got you
small yeah I'll let you finish for that
I want to interject on that when you say
symbiotic relationship sure I want to go
back there but keep going good luck okay
so so the Russians weren't doing as many
they might have been stealing women
right they might have been pushing oh no
they weren't pushing drugs as they
weren't until GAO got there but they
might have been stealing women they
might have been doing all these small
things but Wilson with Wilson fists took
them to the next level of bad Gaius Gao
talks about the drugs but she mentioned
specifically that drugs is is what makes
money today but it has not always been
that way so it's quite possible that she
wasn't doing that because she didn't
have the distribution that the Russians
had and so Wilson Fisk as the boss
brings the bad guys together to make the
money and doesn't that make him very
powerful like it makes him a middleman
possibly but yeah but he also has a ton
of money how did he get that money we
can only assume through nefarious
reasons right well I mean do we know it
was very like how do we what is what is
kingpin kingpin is motivation right yeah
when he's an art lover guy who wants to
clean up the city well he's not an art
loving guy what is what is Wilson Fisk
yeah okay there's some weird going on
paintings it is interesting fucking love
that is interesting what does he need
out of the criminals it seems like he
already has the money because you're
saying he finances the Russians so he
apparently money is something he already
has had or whatever oh sure it is what
does he get out of a lying with these
scumbags well you always need you always
need more money right and so like he saw
the Russians and maybe the Russians had
a network for kidnapping woman right and
so he says oh there's there's a network
of Russians here and there's someone who
makes drugs
if we can get them together I can get a
piece of the profit and you know like he
remember like in the first episode he
was yelling at the Russians because they
were short on their women sales you know
so he's obviously the boss of the
Russians and that's that's a money
generating revenue apparently and so the
question was what does he get from the I
mean he gets more money and more money
is more power and that and that's more
bad guys that's more people in his army
yeah so face-plants power absolutely
dick neutral that's the thing Fisk wants
power and this end he's getting it by
building his army and and then we get
later like I know that was one of your
big complaints is like Fisk you know who
did he kill and like I say well he kills
the Russians he blows up all the
Russians even the Russians are horrible
people
so I I can't really hate the kingpin as
much as I would if he were like
deliberately blowing up this decent they
feel like blowing up the apartments with
where the innocent people refuse to
leave oh then I'd hate that scumbag but
this he blew up people who would kidnap
kids off the street and sell them into
sex slavery I'm this is a good thing I
well but he he was in charge like he was
in charge of the sex slave well the
Russians were kingpin was in charge of
essentially fingers in there yes yes
also I'm going to cite Man of Steel okay
we think that Superman is not a good guy
because while he might be punching the
bad guy he's destroying buildings and
evil right my argument is that he's not
sufficiently evil or or in my eye you
like I couldn't figure out why he was
important to the organization and these
things were just confusing me sure cuz
he like I said Matt Murdock is
considering murdering him right so I
would expect him to be the most
deplorable evil thing to walk the face
of the earth and he he feels almost like
a middleman in his own organization and
I think I think a lot of that is
purposeful okay because you know because
and for anyone who's
hopefully that's all of you now because
we are spoiling the shit out of this as
we warned you we told you what so you
know we get to this final episode right
which we'll talk about more in depth but
we get to this final episode and Wilson
Fisk sudden-like
understands that he needs to drop this
idea of being the Good Samaritan right
yeah
and just goes and and basically says I'm
not doing that anymore I am full-blown
evil but I think that was part of the
conflict of Wilson Fisk is like trying
you know what he should be what he can
be and like he wanted power trying to
not be his father and turning into his
father right and so that was part of it
and so like I think part of that theme
is him almost seeming like the middle
man even though he was in charge and
there's conflict in him and and most of
his badness is all hearsay I agree with
that like we need you know the things we
see him do although we see him kill a
fucking guy with his car door and yes
he's a Russian he kills his comeback he
kills a scumbag but he kills his
comeback that does not make him any less
he has one decent old lady and that is
that is like well well into the show
yeah that's like the first really evil
thing I saw him do that wasn't committed
against somebody who wasn't already evil
bond and that's it wasn't like episode 8
9 out of 30 years yeah that was later
but still like there's a plenty of
hearsay
we know he has power and influence
because of the like the people around
him and the way he acts and then we see
him murder a guy with his bare hands I'm
gonna say that's enough for me i pizza
train wants to know what says ask rich
what counts for his as sufficiently evil
like like rich rich wants him to tie a
damsel to a train track if you were
actually himself running the the lake
sex slave organization and not just
dealing business-wise with some Russians
were actually in charge of that but he's
negative been negative been doing
anything to make League
money and he would have still been
partnered with them it wasn't he wasn't
the guy behind that wasn't the guy
behind me but he was he he he's not he
his lapdog as you know like wanted the
Russians to be accountable of
accountable for why they were short with
their shipment of sex slaves yes
therefore Wilson Fisk is in charge of
the sex slave okay fun fun but I don't I
don't know that they wouldn't be doing
that if it weren't for the kingpin that
it seems like their thing and he found
these people who are doing illegal
things yeah and and gotten contacted all
these little people so they could run
more efficiently that's the way I saw
what he was doing well we could use your
cabs and some of the drugs then we'll
all make more money I don't I never got
the sense that he masterminded the sex
trade or the blind heroin making trade
he might not have I mean and and I feed
with him what I'm saying is what would
make him sufficiently evil yeah is if he
were the mastermind who or who actually
set these things up he's clearly in
charge though yeah but I'm not I'm not
sure why okay I'm not I'm not sure why
these other people need him to be in
charge of anything because it seems like
they're doing illegal things and making
money on their own I know you could you
could speculate on what may have gone on
but there's nothing in the show there's
no way Reggie Phoenix has a very good
question why is Richard jugg judging sex
trafficking if he's never even tried it
so hypocritical why are you being so
negative on the sex trade no people no
pizza train I think that's it that's
this is a good thing it's it's not about
like what makes a character evil you
know Rich's it's not what makes him
important enough yeah that these other
people are willing to basically torture
themselves in order to bring them down
because I think if he were gone like
even if you like you if Matt
I ignored the Russians and he ignored
gone when he ignored the Yakuza and if
he just murdered the kingpin hmm I think
they would also be doing their things
and some other jackass would step up to
be whatever kingpins money middleman
role was or they might not need them at
all there are two points yeah to counter
that argument one is I mean they
mentioned you know Matt mentions his his
thought process which is you know you
cut off the head and the rest will will
kind of be struggling you know no with
no leadership it'll be easier to pick
off the little things and the other
important thing about the kingpin is he
owns politicians judges cops right so
it's quite possible that his act as
leader is to make sure that the cops
look away at appropriate times and as
long as Fisk is around no justice will
happen because of all the police that
are under his control or even she's only
the Chad is saying um the two brains
that rich needed him to be a must
mustache twirler that's not really my
point I just I don't need him to be a
mush mustache twirler I just need to
know why he's important and why taking
Wilson Fisk's down specifically him is
going to fix all of the problems so cuz
everyone acts that way I think the why
he's important like how he got to where
he is is is not an important question
like he is where he is right and we yeah
we know the good part of the backstory
which is awesome Wilson fits backstories
great yeah looks in the mirror him he
sees he only sees himself as a kid
covered in blood holding a hammer and
they don't explain that at first right
that's great right
Wilson Fisk murders his father with a
ball-peen hammer
well and that but and until he gets his
ladyfriend and then he sees him and I
think that's great but you know what
that is a great visual metaphor we don't
need to know why he's powerful all we
need to know is that he's
okay okay and the facts like the reason
he is in charge is like like taking him
out means cops might start acting like
cops or at least they won't look the
other way right taking him out means you
destroy the central nervous system so
you can take out all the little factions
it's that's the solid plant see maybe
maybe it's just the cynic in me okay but
I can't help but think like like even if
they do take him down just some other
jackass is gonna step in and take over
his role and it's gonna be the same shit
you're you're not no no and see I I
think it's the other way around it's
like if you take out like for example
yeah the Russians were taken out and
Wilson Fisk was able to replace them all
on that same day with all the Russians
exploded using police to kill the rest
of them Wilson Fisk boom it says we have
that now don't worry so you need to take
out Fisk or else every other person you
take out will be replaced okay okay I
think that like that's that's the
important thing and mate you know maybe
it wasn't enough maybe yeah I I am
assuming a lot of things about the
Wilson Fisk character because of what I
know of him from the comics oh no
because it went dark
okay okay perfect perfect and so you
like it might not be enough for you I
don't know like it was I was able to I
was able to make that leap that the
kingpin is the most badass and beyond
that the way that Deana Frio plays him
to me it was so beautifully unnerving
every time he spoke I got twitchy I'm
gonna I'm gonna go ahead and and and and
bring up Bane from The Dark Knight Rises
he talked funny and I think you either
loved it or you hated it no one loved
the way Bane's our III think it's a
matter of opinion
I don't like the way he talks but I'm
not gonna fault anybody who does sure
okay like I think I mentioned I think I
told you earlier he's he's about she's
about 7 degrees short of wearing an
Edgar suit great reference great
reference I it's it's it's weird in a
way that's very like he's like he sounds
like unsure of himself it doesn't sound
like the villain who's in charge
yeah I get it I get it and I don't love
it I know they get it
that's it that's it
that's so entities like to me that's
just like he he's the most realized
villain I've seen in a long time he's an
actual just better oh that's much better
like he's such a complete character and
then we know we learn about his past
with his abusive father you know we we
learn about like the fact that he was
just like a poor dumb kid right and then
he's and then you realize he's putting
on these airs of being the kingpin of
loving art and whatnot even though all
he wants to do is look at an old stucco
wall and like all of his like remember
remember
he was driving with his mom and he's
like mother and she looks at him funny
he goes it's just like yes he's like
he's just a kid putting on airs and all
of his little vocal tics are so on point
that's oh that's great you need to do
that all the thing I'm gonna blame the
comic books I'm liking the character in
the comic book so it was just kind of a
ruthless son of a bitch I agree
ruthless calculating son of a bitch did
you read did you read any of ultimate
spider-man yeah
hey I love thee or the early bits yes
ultimate spider-man before it was
ultimate spider-man were digressing into
ultimate spider-man a little bit right
ultimate spider-man's problems and it
became too serious all of the time yeah
he Bendis cannot throttle it down just
just two or three story arcs but I mean
every story arc it's the worst thing
that has ever happened to Peter Parker
and it got exhausting yeah it did the
the real thing though spider-man
ultimate spider-man vs. kingpin in that
early run of ultimate spider-man oh
great it was beautiful
it was absolutely beautiful and I do i
do love something something I've been
meaning to say to you you're so fat so
talk about that sure and I agree with
you I think you mentioned that the last
episode was a bit of a letdown yeah and
I agree for so many reasons not for
whatever issues I had with their take on
the kingpin yeah maybe I would have
liked it to be more of the ruthless
calculating villain from the comics okay
fighter sure but you spent a whole
season setting this guy up and you set
him up to be the big bad guy I mean
that's that should be running throughout
your whole series that should be the the
series finale dealing with him not the
season finale because well if you
haven't seen it yet and if you're still
listen to this
you should have seen it by now because
we're spoiling we're spoiling everything
the Kingford is defeated yeah that story
three L's well the kingpin is put in
jail pending trial yes yes and he could
he could come back next season but my
problem with that is since he's already
been defeated it's kind of like the
lamer sequel that's like it's like the
Borg coming back after the best of both
worlds you know he's been defeated once
and it's if he comes back it's a rerun
but there was the there was the
completion of the character arc in the
last season where he decided were like
you know
Wilson Fisk made the decision to go
full-blown villain yeah so when he comes
back he will be full-blown villain yep
so it will be a little different
um he was defeated which sucks I mean it
doesn't say it's good and it's bad which
is like the the good part of it is if
they're devil wasn't picked up for
another season it was a good closure and
I'm wondering if that's why they didn't
do it because they weren't sure if they
were going to get picked up or how it
was gonna go over and they wanted that
closure and you know what you can get
your closure and then of course like he
can always come out hit with it like his
army of lawyers and then like then it'll
be a fun story of like how does he keep
being evil while waiting for trial and
so it's like I think there's a way to
there's a way to get away with it if
they're smart about it and I hope they
will I hope that the people making the
season - are smart about it it was I
mean it felt the the rest the rest of
the season was this lovely slow pace
every episode seemed to take its time
and I loved that except for the last
episode last episode felt rushed yeah
there's a lot into it I I didn't much
get felt like a little bit of a letdown
and the biggest letdown of them all was
the god-awful red suit it's awful
relative to the makeshift suit he's been
wearing is that because they're you know
if you're going for the gritty realism
yeah
just just a superhero who's just wearing
shit he could find the sweatshirt and
whatever just normal pants and a mass
that's just like a cloth he tied around
his head but that mask was beautiful yes
it was
oh god that was awesome it worked it
looked great that you know the visual in
Episode two right before that awesome
hallway fight scene yeah and you know
like he tied the rope around his hands
and you just see him like getting ready
for the fight he looks all badass Oh
such a great suit serious here's the
thing about makeshift suit yeah
it's not quite so super heroic so he
feels like somebody who can lose and die
yes like I especially with how beat up
he gets you get horribly just worried
for him even though you know he's gonna
survive sure you like there's no way
he's making it out of this one yes and
now now what that red suit he's gonna
feel like super hero man invulnerable
relatively invulnerable super hero man
yeah I think I think they're gonna lose
something with that suit if they do not
change the design of the suit the thing
they will lose is me as a viewer I will
not watch daredevil if he's in that ugly
ugly suit I've seen so much the suit is
ugly in itself I don't think it looks
okay for a superhero but but the maid
ship run was just so much more
interesting yes I'm missing more
interesting rather than better or cooler
it's interesting and a vulnerable yes
he's the what I like about this is easy
anti Batman Batman just raise money at
the problem and training and I'm gonna
buy divine Iron Man suit because Batman
is an Iron Man no yep I'm gonna solve
everything with my resources mm-hmm Matt
Murdock's got jack shit for resources
and when he straps on those hockey pads
that that Batman was mocking in The Dark
Knight
it's a thing of beauty yeah it really is
say well I got hockey pads let's go do
this I have hockey pads and
construction-grade work gloves well that
was that was that was the other part of
like what made daredevil so special to
me is like Marvel said they're doing
street-level
like we want to do superheroes but
we thought we've done you know aliens
destroy New York this is street level
this is something different and it was
it almost felt more realistic even
though he was dodging bullets sure sure
it felt real ER and now that he has he
felt vulnerable yes yeah and and beyond
that but there seems I was thinking yes
yeah oh no the black the black getup is
definitely off the table he has a suit
he's gonna be wearing a suit is is the
real thing look we can't get the black
suit back because that's not how TV
works unless they find a way to destroy
it it wouldn't be so for him it wouldn't
be such an easy thing to recreate sure
what I what I really think is going to
happen is see I think enough people have
complained and I've seen nothing but
complaints online about the ugly red
suit is I think they're going to
redesign it and like it will just be
like the next food like oh this is the
real suit the last it was sure sure I
you know if it's if it's if it's red and
has horns I don't I guess I don't care I
don't I don't like the fake eyebrows I
don't like the fact that we can see his
eyes all like I loved his mask just
covering his face he's a blind guy he
doesn't need us yeah right yeah I don't
like the like the mesh suit pieces that
max just it's not visually pleasing and
for a thing we have to look at I want it
to be visually pleasing I just
makeshift one is so good because it
looks like just something a guy put
together with what he had yes what he
can get away with I agree it's just
interesting as the word I can use it's
just a more interesting approach to a
superhero costume but I mean knowing
anything about television production
they can't go back to it no I don't
think they will know and I and I 100
realize I don't know how they justify it
either because his new suit is
technically a much
sure sure so they can't go back I just
want a prettier red suit that's all I
want if and maybe part of the prettier
red suit is like understanding its flaws
or and maybe they can show like how he
still gets hurt in his red suit him
getting hurt was such a big part the
show yes you thought he was gonna die
yeah and intellectually you know that's
not gonna happen right but man and he
get fucked up hey that was great
I hope rosario dawson comes back to I
liked her I thought there I thought
their love thing was a little forced I
didn't get that that came out real
quickly ah she'll be back I don't know a
little be a love thing though I get up
obviously I don't know what they're
going to do but I strongly suspect more
of well any of they haven't seen any
electric but I suspect electro yeah well
show up and we'll see a lot more of
stick I hope so I like that's what I
think is going to be the focus of season
2 I don't know they'll bring the kingpin
back right away or if they do we might
not be the major villain I think I think
they're gonna go with whatever ninja
stuff is lurking behind stick it's gonna
be a ninja stuff and I'm kind of okay
with that yeah we like ninja stuff we're
gonna see electro you see more stick
yeah we're gonna see you bitches we're
gonna see the hand we're gonna see band
and yeah that's good that's my
prediction based on no evidence all
right other than the fact that they
hinted at electro flashback hmm yeah all
right you know what this does get me
really excited about what is the other
Marvel Netflix show yeah is bullseye
gonna wear a costume or she just gonna
be an assassin cuz you know they're
gonna bring bullseye again at some point
they have to yeah he's not gonna be
wearing a super suit
is he do you think do you think they're
gonna do something like similar to what
daredevil wears I think it are they
gonna go there no they'll no one it
where it's like the realistic yeah like
they won't go crazy like they do I know
I know you haven't seen it but arrows
villain
aren't they wearing goofy stuff and it
looked really ridiculous no they'll make
a realistic version hopefully it'll look
good like you know original bullseye had
that awful like bullseye on target eyes
he's gonna show up once and he's just
gonna be a normal assassin he's gonna be
wearing like suit business suit yeah and
then he's gonna have a fight with
daredevil and then the next time shows
up because of daredevil is gonna be
wearing like something yeah that's okay
that's okay I'm just like now I want I
in fist
I want Luke Cage I want all those other
Netflix shows ooh maybe we'll get an
iron fist thing maybe iron fist came
here maybe I'm kind of hurt though now
somebody in the chat wants us to shut up
so they can watch the movie their poster
a movie they just want us to end oh well
yeah I mean that was kind of our
daredevil that was kind of that and but
that was much more civil than it was on
Sunday yeah mostly because now we're
face to face I mean I had just watched
the show of my thoughts weren't very
focused right at that point so no that's
good hyped for Iron Fist absolute hyped
for any eye I don't know I don't
remember all the shows that they
announced that we're Marvel Netflix
shows but if this is the kind of caliber
show that they're producing I'm fucking
onboard why isn't the center network why
it's a it's good enough here's here's
why because Marvel is super smart you
know what yeah and well and more so did
you look at like the running times of
every episode here's here's the most
glorious thing about non-televised TV
show they like radically different from
one another
some are 40 some minutes some are 50
some minutes like 10 minute differences
okay all okay which means that the
writers and the directors and the
editors actually get to make whatever
story is the best that doesn't have to
fill a certain amount of time you know I
didn't notice them that's great
I'm angry that is great yeah and that's
the end and you know they probably like
through Netflix they probably didn't
have like the budget they didn't have
that as big a budget but that's okay
they they worked with what they had and
hopefully they keep doing so well I mean
Netflix probably paid them a decent
amount of money and of course have
Disney money now so they have all the
money in the fucking world probably get
the pun of showing up on Netflix at some
point I hope not I've always hated the
part always they did a daredevil style
if they did it they're down daredevil
needs to meet the Punisher cuz they've
had some they've had some decent
confrontations I've just I just I did
Punisher has always been I know I know
there was one story I read hmm remember
who wrote it or what even what era is
from but like the Punisher has daredevil
tied up they had like fight and he's got
he actually has a gun in like Daredevils
hands and the gun is like aimed at the
Punisher the way he's tied up yeah and
dirty who's like I'm gonna shoot this
guy down on the street unless you shoot
me first if they want to do some shit
like that you know what I'd be down with
it bring in the Punisher as they cause
that bad guy yeah yeah oh and by the way
guys a criminal I'm gonna shoot him if
you really want to stop me you're gonna
have to shoot me I wish I could remember
what issue that was or what it was
written or who wrote it Pizza train also
makes another good point which is that
probably something from gar theatres
the other reason it's not on television
is because of the violence in swearing
so it'd have to be cable yeah and yeah
yeah
okay we might not have the budget and of
course like their their story only ran
13 episodes and cable might not want
that
last and and it adds extra it adds extra
fingers into the producer pot I'm not
I'm not complaining this I like what we
got I'm just I'm curious why like
network would even try the swearing the
blood and and then of course like as far
as Marvel and Disney are concerned like
they don't want other people ruining
their good thing like fuck ABC they're
gonna tell us what to do right
oh they are saying Garth eNOS dungeon
master blasters oh no that's not him
also that Oh Casper says this Punisher
kill every criminal uh he only leaves
him alive when he wants to fuck with
them like jigsaw he just keeps ruining
jigsaws face jigsaw used to be vain yeah
but otherwise yes he kills every single
criminal yes that's Punisher stick which
is why I don't like I don't dig that
shtick
I read read read Garth uses Punisher
okay Regis Barth eNOS Garth eNOS the guy
who uh preacher okay do you want you
want dark humored you want something
serious cuz he didn't he did he wrote
The Punisher both ways oh his earlier
runs on The Punisher
dark humor no and then like when the max
imprint took over Punisher and he was
still writing a different artist dark
serious Punisher hmm I think he has a
really interesting take on The Punisher
psychology alright so I'm down to give
him another chance
it's very dark I'm okay with her he's
not afraid to imply that the Punisher is
basically just a guy who likes killing
people and is using criminals as an
excuse to do it yeah that's a good way
yeah hey well obviously we've stopped
playing the game oh yeah and we're a lot
of daredevil talk so thanks everyone for
coming out playing the game again I'm
not doing good thank you and all the old
subscribers that golden is Ferren thank
you everyone oh if they're just coming
out we really appreciate you guys
talking about them we're talking with
their demo and we really appreciate
y'all coming out both thinking
