Invisible Pun (Part 2)
July 1, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sxBr1bPXLk4

now we'll see if anybody else can write
so what's up what's up yeah and you know
nothing i've been i've been cleaning out
my office I did yeah which I know is
terribly exciting to everyone and my
game capture thing here does no no just
just weird hey why did that matter when
I came here you or you had like blue you
had the bars uh-huh this should fix it
anyway so it sits back fuck its back I
got to move with lower how do I do that
again oh my god oh my god I forgotten
how to do that do you just drag the shit
no hi everybody welcome welcome welcome
more hacks more frauds all the things so
annoyed played a visible link I was
gonna play Batman but OBS refuses to
stream it there's no video really no
that's weird really it's a weird thing
yeah jack handle the shit out of those
responsibilities what responsibilities
did a handle what the fuck I have no
idea what anybody is talking about with
that uh Elvis Elvis says my audio should
be turned up a little bit I don't know
if that's true or not let me listen to
the stream for a second yeah yeah
I think I found all right button well
here's here's me her to me here's me I
could turn me down easy okay you're all
the way off he'd be fine then we sounded
great when I tested this earlier oh yeah
no it's not oh yeah my kids I put my
kids to sleep that's true that's what my
responsibilities were oh yeah I said yet
to put them away they went to the farm
they went to the farm where they could
play all day yeah yeah well I said you
put them in the cabinets that's that's
where you keep using them right you put
them like a pebble I draw okay Vic I
guess they're young David fed hmm yea
audio is all fine audio is all time I'm
gonna say it was all fine but it's all
agree it's all fine then play armored
batman gotham tank corps god I did not
bring the ps4 and you you just can't get
the pc + right now so played played this
shit out of that annoyed whoo xicon
right now if I wanted to I think I'm
just I'm you know because we spent the
past week just furiously throwing that
game I don't know if I could play it if
I wanted to it I have the episode to
edit as well so which is what I'm doing
right now by the way which is why I'm
not in studio with rich is because i'm
editing the prerequisite
how's it how's it coming along I know we
talked a lot or in 45 minutes rich yeah
wasn't 40 45 minutes Wow and usually
like usually rich and i will talk for
like 45 50 minutes maybe an hour right
but but we had a lot to say about batman
batman arkham knight i'm gonna open my
mixer and I'm gonna see if I could my
mother while still saying I'm quiet yeah
okay I'm talking right now jack jack is
so smooth he could be a jazz radio DJ
I'd like to think so all right the only
problem is you're really loud like i'm
sorry i don't i don't know what to tell
you rich gray all right great ants all
right I don't know I don't know if that
helps I oh yeah Alvis says that sounds
great so okay mmm-hmm time visible link
up okay that was quiet earlier not
everything now you got everyone you want
all the everything everything you ever
wanted it's like the end of angley's
Hulk you want it you can have it ah
there's too many good missions to pick
from her jack I got a vault I got some
advanced mega special weapons over the
vault I yes well in my playthrough of
Arkham Knight the bad guys did put
motion sensing minds like up on the
vantage points and stuff
I never say I never on the vantage
points because I I never abused the van
oh yeah like I'm hang out on the
gargoyles eventually they'll start
throwing motion grenades up there and of
course I die hang out outside look as
somebody who never use the gargoyles
anyway the the stealth ships comically
easy especially with that multi food
hate down way we just just instantly
kill five guys you did it I don't know
these five guys are really a problem
look at that thing you did fuck you
right right I've noticed that about your
age I've noticed that about you and I
know I also noticed that rather early
this morning the new best of the worst
went up and so that's exciting huh I
guess I've a super excited I'm peeing
obeying my pants p jokes so temper your
expectations you know a loss of
Technicolor a lot of people didn't like
angley's Hulk movie I liked it a lot it
had a ton of cheesy elements but I I
liked a lot of it
the ending was very like artistic and
abstract and he insisted on this like
comic book style panel for editing thing
but overall I liked it why would you
care about the mining the gargoyles when
now the new expanded floor grades make
it even easier to get are we back on
Arkham Knight I am I am because I really
really hate him star sections I know you
did and I'm sorry I apologize on behalf
of Arkham Knight you don't apologize and
off jacket you don't apologize an offer
on behalf boat both rich and I did beat
the game so yes we did get to the part
where you have to press X to pay
respects to your dead parents but more
importantly you get to the part where
you press X to even the odds which is it
or you press press X to initiate the
killing joke my hate for one out of
control oh no for everything get it back
get a little happy back get a little
Elizabeth Hasselbeck like the game kill
him sitting backwards I mean the story
carried the game yeah well I have all
know what I wanted you to say it quickly
yes that's but that's a fair by the way
even though i'm not i'm not a big story
guy i 100% agree with you the the game
or the story in the game made me want to
play it more than anything so
congratulations are tonight you've
converted me
no going to be horribly disappointed by
the next story game I play what I think
of the identity of the Arkham Knight um
most obvious thing in the world they get
a dump yeah for anyone who's here when I
was playing and we were watching all of
the when we were watching it and and I
called it right at that moment oh you
know like I'm not gonna spoil anything
right now for anyone who doesn't want a
spoiler but the most obvious thing if
you're even halfway paying attention to
the story it's it's dumb rich what did
you say it's so obvious they they should
about making a mystery right I would
have been fine if they just didn't
bother teasing it I'm trying to remember
how you put it rich they it was probably
because it's if it suits you you said
you said um it's not a great story but
it's it's a it's a oh but its total on
that is the most precise way you can put
Batman Arkham Knight we're like the
story's a little cheesy a little
hackneyed but it's told so well and and
it's really true the pacing of it the
delivery of this kind of bad story is
worth it God take a chance on me count
on me take a touch
see that would make it interesting what
if the Arkham Knight was Barbara Gordon
all along that would have been shocking
uh you know no they use Barbara Gordon
so well in that game barbican shined all
of the characters all of the characters
were wonderfully fleshed out oh my lord
rich I think a plane is crashing into
the studio do you fry hell what you have
the windows open okay yeah I'm just got
a shotgun oh yeah last bits in there
bugging okay okay I'm doing I'm doing
all of the non audio editing for for
both prereq and I had a big long shoot
today it's like I'm doing all of the
busy work I can while I'm talking to you
guys and so like right now I'm just
organizing all the footage and
synchronizing and doing all that sort of
fun stuff so i can get editing this toot
sweet
uh I have leftover beef cake I am NOT
planning on seeing terminator genisys
the bread why would you I talked I was
at the studio today to drop off my
camera and I was talking with Jay about
it and he had the biggest smile on his
face and his and he's like guess what I
saw surely the Janice's he was so happy
it was happy because it was awful yes
yeah he was having because it was so
awful Cosper elaborate on your question
does it help if you export to a
different hard drive I don't understand
the question yeah absolutely absolutely
yeah you gotta learn how to answer these
questions jack yes yeah yeah yeah sure
dad helps I want to be young right now
I'm actually importing all of the
footage like like I i ingested all the
footage but now i'm importing it all
into into premiere and organizing my
folder structure the the folder
structure of both my project file and my
premiere bins are very important to me
organizing those little things is
incredibly tedious but very important if
you want to edit things quickly
if I have the original videos on one
hard drive and I'm editing in the other
and and I'm exporting to another hard
drive is it faster than using one hard
drive hundreds of anything on the
exported to another yeah yeah that would
be faster depending really depending on
your connection like if you have a USB 3
or Thunderbolt connection to one hard
drive it shouldn't really matter like
you shouldn't clogged up but you know
you have to understand how many kilobits
per second are traveling each way so it
could get clogged up but if you're using
two hard drives yes it should go
slightly faster but i think it's an
all-or-nothing thing I just think maybe
we wouldn't work at all if you were
sending too much information another
station oh yeah and is there oh there's
a camera in there too that's the worst
I wish you sent back Decker that way and
internationalist that's the breaks
them's the breaks oh I like any of those
who walked oh gee you are correct it
also the other thing that will make a
difference is the read/write speed of
your hard drive and so if it's like a
solid state external hard drive there
shouldn't be a problem but most hard
drives are still spinning and so you
need to make sure that your read/write
rate is fast enough to handle that
information so yeah I mean it's it's
better to work on two separate hard
drives do you have a leftover beef cakes
thing running okay great I said look
terrific I got your new version we have
a version 1.5 that oh really that's a
point where we left off the thank you
list yes oh sweet all right riser gee I
don't think the binding of isaac on ps4
was ever broken oh shit my name is Todd
I don't know that much about computers
but I have had to learn about transfer
speed of data because I add it and use
it so many times so oh I know a little
bit yes check when your audio is almost
a full second ahead of rich oh yeah
probably is we know we have come up with
a way of fixing this and this is there
will be a fix implemented next time I'm
in the studio
but for now I'm going to be I'm going to
be in front of rich because in order to
change that we'd have to stop the stream
and started again so maybe like an hour
into the stream will stop the stream and
started over again and change it boy o
my amrah so many cameras oh yeah you
shouldn't find an issue with your ps4
binding of isaac i had an issue with the
cloud save and so what I actually had to
do is I stopped using the in-game cloud
save and i used the the PS Plus cloud
save and then I would upload to the PS
plus 1 and download to the PS plus one
so yes what the fuck indeed I could echo
Jack was really weird it wasn't terrible
and listening to the Karen echo stream
when I was cutting him up for YouTube it
you know like it's so obvious only
because I'm the only one with the echo
but it wasn't even an echo who's more
like reverb which is why I loved singing
the monster mash these two safes are
just not worth it it's just not worth of
jack I'm getting out of here I'm getting
I'm getting the brain and I need you
behind
I'm just I'm just not looking for that
area oh this is this i don't really have
anywhere else to go do i oh god I'm so
far I'm very sorry so fired maybe I'll
be okay here maybe maybe maybe baby I
was rich what are your feelings on buddy
holly great i don't have them he is dead
he's dead I guess I don't have like too
many strong feelings of Buddy Holly
either he'd need some he had some nice
songs some very interesting songs the
man used a glockenspiel Oh wasted so
much fun power this map sucks fuck this
game why is this game as harder please
why is it as hot as it is I don't know
yes because it's a good game it is but
it's a too hard good game well I you
know I haven't been playing it that much
I since as you know rich but the chat
doesn't know because we lost all the
audio to that episode I I haven't been
playing it much since the full release
because I'm less excited about it now I
am I know your weirdo you care about
hype for some reason I don't I don't
understand doesn't don't understand it's
not like I care about hype but helps
because because excitement types you
know like being excited about something
affects the way you
feel about it oh yeah what difficulty
are you on expert that's worse I know I
could set things a lot easier i love the
adjustable difficulty to right now I'm
just playing on me expert okay so this
is like hard not mega hard well there's
there's there's there's like normal /
easy or whatever they want to call it
and there's experienced a beginner
experienced and like experienced plus or
something weird oh well they go fruit
pie magician I think the rich and iron
are not playing demon's souls right now
I enjoyed demon souls a lot I can it was
nice seeing like we're blood-borne came
from but I'm not playing it I did
finally be blood borne it made me feel
good that the ending was a little
anticlimactic but that game is all about
the journey anyway so I I feel good I I
feel like I don't need to go to New
Game+ but I want to go to New Game+ I
feel like I need a lot more fucking
powers oh hey I'm sorry Fox blows
I got there's like 13 billion things to
hack and I don't know how her to hack
any of them cuz i accidentally started
with the upgrades I didn't want to start
with AV programs and now i cant
rejection o 4 pi magician i was stuck on
that giant moon monster for a while the
giant moon monster the thing that always
killed me was I be in there fighting the
guy and he'd puke all over me and then
he puke all over the floor what ending
did I get are there multiple endings oh
god oh no maybe it was I trying now I
tried really hard not to look like into
the game because I wanted to experience
it myself so see where that gets you
well I mean I still am happy with
blood-borne it's still uh she'd be happy
if you know I probably wouldn't be happy
I'd probably be really upset that I
didn't get like the good ending cuz I
probably didn't get the good ending I
don't I've I haven't seen them all my
own eyes I don't one good ending was
just different kinds of acuity how can I
wonder what to be jackin to you so that
must be the best ending I think I've
yeah yeah there's just three different
endings okay well listen I need some
security council's
so badly do you have um that like leech
did you get the leech thing here no no
no I cuz I you just started too quick i
started with the ones you start with the
lockpick which is crap and the power
trip which is also crap so I have no I'm
sorry though I could probably hack their
camera alright alright that's a start
yeah that you know what they're both
your eyes out that's probably what I'm
gonna do I'll just watch the other
endings on YouTube but that's what I
always do and I you know what I never
regretted sometimes I'd like I'm glad I
didn't seem like the ending or I didn't
know anything about the ending when I
got there so I'm happy about that but
yeah i'll probably just look up the
other endings on youtube oh that's right
I i met the Canadians I was so happy I
finally met the Canadians and spent some
time with them and it was a really good
time as you all know because i was on
best of doors with Colin so there's no
longer bad blood between me and the
Canadians
except for apparently colin is a
horrible racist something he knows
knocks I should be saddled with that
that was the Joker show I think people
get that was the joke what are dumb okay
will change because they're certainly
not a racist and that was the joke
what's so funny about that Jack because
he's so obviously not a racist that the
humor is not oh no listen I don't get it
it was it was jokes we made in the
moment they seemed funny at the time but
they won't they're never there never
volume you baby you make me sick it's
true I make a lot of people sick I got I
got no way to get more power this is
awful um we I ate Donuts rich it both
rich and i did not one hundred percent
complete Arkham Knight I did one hundred
percent every side mission except for
the Riddler puzzles I don't have the
patience to collect all the river said
nobody should I tried I tried like but
it got way too tedious but I did one
hundred percent every other side mission
and I was really happy with some of them
but rich and i just watched the ending
on youtube so we could talk about it but
you know what you'll see it in the
review i'm i'm listening to make sure
all the audio is synced up right now
looks great it looks great rich hour and
forty five nines sweet oh that's right I
got that buster ship that's a good man
that sounds like a slug what sounds like
a slog Elvis Elvis yeah The Riddler
there's too many rid how many was it
like it's always 342 243 I think the
first one had 200 that was also too much
but the view is just finding the
trophies you had to have to do some
stupid complicated puzzle ship before
you got it and then like I i got about
like 60 puzzles done and I that was
enough for me I couldn't do anymore
except the echo what I go
yeah yeah yeah oh I have a slight echo
now that's weird so the audio is just
barely getting worse for no good reason
I think they're hearing me before like
like I said they're not here they're
hearing me before you because you have
I'm I'm hearing me yet i'm hearing my
head judge too um but they're also
hearing you on a delay compared to me
because you delay your own microphone to
sync up with the game audio and so uh
because my audio is coming through the
same channel as the game audio you are
delayed to both of us so no oh no Jack
no I didn't put the the vault access
Cardinals inventory son oh fuck vision a
mission just get out of there I gotta
make the best out of it oh this is awful
uh two tribes rich is not coming through
my speakers into my mic I am wearing
earbuds it is a promise my problems one
hundred percent mumble mumble and riches
wearing canned headphones I assume yeah
I'm sick of doing tests and having
everything sound great when we do the
test and then we do the stream and
everything sounds like shit I've been
really sick now well here's the fix
there is a fix its die slowly
it is to die slowly uh part of the fix
is with your audio doing something
similar that I do with my audio which is
running my audio through a whole
separate computer and into the a zoom
and that'll get rid of the weird delay I
think as far as the echo is concerned we
have to go back to skype but right now I
think the audio is fine people say
they're putting up with a slight echo
yeah mumble is not working and we never
quite know why but we're just gonna have
to go back to skype I think you're right
we need to recruit more pimps and more
pushers oh that's this mission just
fucking wash oh this is awful I'm very
sorry that your mission isn't working
out yeah this power motors power trip to
again you get 10 yeah that sucks you
need to you need that leech that you can
like put on multiple things that takes
one away every that that that can hurt
as much as I can help too though
sometimes you need to hack so sure I
suppose but that fusion that that gives
you like three points a turn my powers
to turn whatever you fucking call it I
don't give a shit uh TG Phoenix we we
started using mumble mumble was
suggested to us for better audio quality
and I do think like mine on echo voice I
think sounds better
then if we were through Skype Skype
always sounds like a phone call a bit
and so we want mumble to work because
the audio quality is better metal better
yeah but it's just not going to because
we get this echo every time what do you
know what I hate jack in the world
everything I'm sorry everything in the
world ah no problem Phoenix I like I try
to explain why we make the decisions we
make they don't always work they usually
don't work but has cameron mitchell
redeemed himself cameron mitchell has
passed away last month it's really tough
because we had a streak of Cameron but
we like we found the butter zone of
Cameron Mitchell which was like after he
hit rock bottom but before he died like
bed before he was like two old where you
know the first movies we saw him in word
terror and beverly hills and knife dick
what was nice dick ah not humming the
cop the one with a guy you know the guy
the Rambo he's in the forest taken and
he has to defend himself against the
militia deadly prey Oh Deadly Prey
deadly prey and tear in beverly hills
were some of the first cameron mitchell
movies we saw would you know Taryn
Beverly Hills has closed the fucking
doors and deadly prey is Cameron
Mitchell's brilliant I've been down
there I've been down there there ain't
no music down there with the pimps and
the pushes those are two bro
in Cameron Mitchell performances and
what we're learning is those might have
been the best Cameron Mitchell
performances yeah yep so now we're
catching all of the other stuff cuz him
him in low blow I mean it's more funny
for him just big drunken motionless
rather than his performance being
amazingly funny exactly exactly well
thank you Lana face 55 we're glad you
enjoy our content so in in my opinion
the more Cameron Mitchell we see the
more disappointed we are but this was
still pretty good Cameron Mitchell only
because like what rich said he was he
was done he was literally a he could've
ever faced ammo meat sack in that movie
in lobe lobe and it would have had the
same effect Oh low blow I'm so excited
movie dicks is watching low blow after
the stream tonight rich I'm all nice
nice stick around after the stream watch
low blow with the Chad you need to see a
low blow I score a lazy Asian detective
it's great if i'm still awake i watch a
little bit i'm i can't recommend like
that and lady Terminator especially like
if you know anything about editing watch
lady Terminator and try to figure it out
it's great
no look low blow won't be streamed live
through the channel what happens is the
sum of the moderators give a link to
stream the movie and we all kind of
synchronize the start time and then in
chat talk about it though if you just
stick around the chat after the stream
they'll give you the directions like
where to watch the movie and when to put
when to press play it's good times what
am i doing now all thanks for absolutely
no no I'm working I can't die right now
rich I'm working you can always dye
that's always an Astra unfortunate if I
am done if I died at this exact moment
cuz I'm getting some work done Hey
ordell excellent that's that's def
that's def there's nothing you can do
about is everybody poops if you're not
doing one you're probably doing
everybody does especially you you wait a
minute I don't remember that part what
I'm doing now is copying all of my sound
effects into my editing folder I have a
special editing folder for every project
every project gets its own folder and in
that folder all of the assets have their
own folder audio video project files
premiere after effects of it
if anyone is an editor look into look
into an application called posthaste it
automatically generates folder
structures that are exactly the same so
you can keep your projects exactly the
same no matter what you can even create
template editors you know like oh you
can create template projects in Final
Cut or premier and it's great I use it
all the time and it's free it's a free
application for editors and post
production workers post haste think i'm
gonna die like all of your characters
are going back um yeah there are a bad
situation they're surrounded there in
one room and no doctor I mean like an ox
I wanted to do it like anything the new
Mad Max game doesn't come out until
September yeah we're golden else oh
we're doing something else fuck this
fuck this game i like this i love this
game but fuck this game fuck this
mission I'm very sorry no I like I I
like it when you have a good time is
posthaste mac only I didn't know that oh
well sorry for your pc user I didn't I
thought they were both that's what post
placed watches a file and folder
generation application that i use for
editing apparently is mac only okay oh
shit happens yeah don't let that's
that's double true but it's it's a great
program if you have a Mac apparent
oh no it's it's windows 7 or 8 to system
requirement is a mac OS x or windows 7
or 8 with.net i don't know what that
means but it is both I don't know what I
don't know do you get nothing else I
don't know no I don't got nothing jack
oh my i'd iike i don't i don't know what
to tell I can't I don't know huh they're
saying you should play missed oh can I
stabbed myself in the ball I don't daddy
you would want to do that well miss
given the option okay there's so many
Blacks come I'm seeing a bunch of X come
alright fuck it play oh they're saying
play dot net I know that was some time
talking about those days that was it yes
both rich and i have be batman arkham
knight we did not one hundred percent it
bond I very proudly one hundred percent
at all of the side missions except for
the Riddler ones here's something I'm
just curious about why is everybody
always so concerned with whether or not
we've beaten a game why is that it so
important well especially a game that
we're reviewing I think I think some
games that were reviewing it's more
important to be than others you know
because batman arkham knight had such a
strong emphasis on story like you said
it was important that we see the end of
the story right
oh yeah yeah I'll agree there but I mean
every game we play it whether or not we
reviewed it or not did you beat your
chest such as such it seems well I can I
just want to know they just want to know
if we're done with it how we felt about
it let me that makes sense to me Karen I
can dig on that I'd want to know I'm
playing it I'm not a super XCOM booed
but fuck it I'm turning it on I don't
know much anymore you're not in the
Super X can't move what kind of what
kind of rich Evans is that oh also
before you start XCOM do you want to
switch over to skype uh how bad is it
you your list I can listen to the stream
right listen to the stream tell me how
bad it is what the fuck
it's not terrible it's not it's not
terrible there why is there so much of
the settings we're off that is weird um
there there is an echo on both of us
it's weird because my echo comes after
me but your echo comes before you you
know it's just gonna be worse we go to
skype but I'll we can do it I'll give a
shit you know I think we should do
here's my here's my wild and crazy idea
cut the stream ah i'll skype and you
should also remove the lag so that we
can hold a normal conversation without
me being in front of you with the rest
of it for the rest of the chat ghetto
sit Lord lowly battle machine 322 brings
knives to gunfights gilroy mix Punk
urban vermin my name is Tate the real
Quaid Magnus PU turbo Jesus 5000
buttermilk biscuits a horrible glory
spooky Dookie and child bride thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
while all of these names sound like
battery thoughts robots I don't know I
watched an episode of the new battle
bots oh it's fucking awesome I guess you
remember BattleBots Jackie's man comedy
central way back one yeah I don't like
my religion see I've just discovered it
and it seems more brutal than ever I
don't know if they like eased up on
restrictions what kind of weapons you
can lose on your robot but there was
some destruction going on that's great
okay cut the stream
