THE RETURN OF DON WILSON!! (Freedom Planet part 2)
December 21, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tt7Tlzztt48

our joking counter promised yeah and K
and uh and ver forea made a tip I
believe in jest because rich made a
promise and we had talks about him
making a promise before end like we
switch off the voice no random voices
like or or that's just kept man everyone
loves city fun everyone loves Sonny Bob
that's a voice I can just do for hours
yeah Jimmy Stewart there's not enough
variety but this voice I think I mean
yeah in retrospect I think Richard have
asked for more absolutely yeah the the
real answer is absolutely you're
probably right about that I got I got a
hundred bucks if it were up to me I'd
say rich has to do the voice the rest of
the trim rich you really need to ask
okay there it is
leftover beefcake the the payer of your
voice has agreed to new voices are fine
okay right that's fine what the fuck is
this I've got a dog lady now but you
have to do it cannot be rich Evans well
this is not rich Evan I'm just I'm
trying to I'm just trying to I'm trying
to have some sort of order in this chaos
of you doing voice links it's got a
fruity game with animals that people
that are dogs and visit men women what
kind of fruity nonsense is this
I don't even think they're dogs I think
there's just general animal human there
Animorphs there's a thing with floppy
ears and it's on the ground like a dog
maybe that's a dog sound like it's
graveling like my wife why is your wife
groveling why do you think she knows her
place
make me a sandwich
wait mirror your wife you are my wife
wait was that that piece of paper yeah
you said it was an autograph just shut
your mouth she said your mouth and cook
me dinner
I guess I have to know this
yeah I could talk ass blanket for hours
just what comes naturally but you know
it's what you do most of the time there
is far too much story in this game yeah
I know they're trying to be fun or
whatever I take it you don't like the
game the story I mean you know I'm not a
fan of the Sonics kids have no patience
for anything anymore just what I could
through everything way to get you wanna
have the hi you won't have that dope you
know what I heard it you know what I
heard it through work I'm willing to to
sit through so much in blood no like it
hi spent eight hours out the street
shooting bugs keeping the streets safe
same murder gets you high shooting bugs
gets me high
fighting crime story mortis creeps like
you can go out the street let it shut
wait so you shoot people so I don't get
shot
vicious circle you have to shoot just
the right people do the rest of the
stream is George Lucas not so it's a
pretty big donation to get me to do
Caesarion barks this wrench please do
the rest of the stream miss George Lucas
be sure to include some picture lift
complaining cloth for swing complain
sounds like there's a lot of people
maybe I was yeah what would you have
changed you know you think you think
you're like more bigger badder or light
saber bomber ahead like a Jedi army oh
okay and they would have fought an army
of of dragon dragon men oh yeah dragon
men with with with spears laser Spears
oh these movies you gotta have like you
know space something yeah okay yes for
anyone just joining us a rich a while
ago made what he thought to be a
ridiculous promise which was that he
would do Jimmy's a Jimmy Stewart
impression for the rest of the stream if
someone tipped $40 someone then
immediately took $40 and he did Jimmy
Stewart for a while like maybe a good 20
30 minutes and and then regretted that
decision and now people are tipping
different things to hear him say
different things I mean Jimmy Stewart
really gone early he's dead no because
he got old
I'll be joining oh that's okay I've got
four billion dollars I mean with a beam
he has so much money I started this it's
America thank you
you know there's a there's a wonderful
phrase called monetary relativism where
you know like you're never quite sure
what any certain amount of money means
Danny certain amount of people and you
know I I think $40 is a lot of money and
we appreciate these tips and I think
rich was going like throwing and the
generosity the generosity of our fans
you know we'll have to it's like half
dinners and a half like spite they want
you to make a fool of yourself
not everybody has probably know this all
these people if this is like half of our
fan base is George Lucas on 20 different
computers oh I'll see what I can get the
monkey to say now how about hold on I
have to log in as leftover beef ginger
Binks it's not a monkey so he said I'm
gonna go buy a really fat Gungan I know
he looks so different that people think
in something else but he's just a fat
golden oh yeah he doesn't look really
different well thank you some kind of
frog thing he does look like a frog my
water to make a frog thing look more
like a frog you know the the the cafe
the 50s diner cafe owner also kind of
looks like a frog that looks like a
telegin once he goes yeah he's a cool
guy I mispronounced it goo goo
googa googa starter Banks is a good a
Gungan or Gungan or Joe's blood telegin
now wishes you to do dan Wilson's voice
for five minutes
that would I mean you have to sometimes
you have a walk-in abortion
oh my god he's cuz you're gonna Dan
Wilson back the mic away from your face
at this I need to I need to focus on
something he saw this very distinct it
into my cousin George Lopez is very
different George Lucas came to town he
was right
he's passive-aggressive Joe horrible
what we mean personal say horrible
things like a shield quite a baby brain
I'm talking about how much joining the
force you know the economy's differently
rate broke box office records George
it's not like a long family records we
I'm leaving adjusting for inflation will
hope you're still on phone they're doing
fine trying to get me down Wilson okay I
can't be with you George
yeah call that's a tough one
I guess a bit not yes it's gone Don
Wilson don't what I got some kind of
magnetron I know I just explode after
doing George oh your uncle trained in
there like I'm gonna know how to get out
of that box
Don Wilson you know what boxes I'm gonna
run a box so I can put my voice in it
there's gonna bring my new thing it's
crazy idea now it's gonna be a better
voice box
a voice box so I can like tone you down
or put you up or something I don't know
one of them pulling you down and put you
I figure people with cancer can use it
on the throat cancer and takes your
voice may come over as I hope it's a box
put people's voice in a box let people
have cancer can have a voice I'll donate
my voice the cancer box they can all
have your voice look called sympathy
Dalton see if we can get him on this
people watch Timothy Dalton's voice oh
girl get them on my speed dial
well that's not secure John Wilson you
got rats blowed you're nearly always
gonna do an axle it's gonna be crazy
cage I could talk about but atom bombs
I'm gonna put an atom bomb the White
House a girl wama to do what I want him
to do as potion what he wants to do well
save the farm I don't think you could
say that at all I think that's illegal
to say I'm gonna put that out there I
know the freedom of speech I know my
rights
you can take away my farm but you can't
take away my speech goddamn it I'm just
pretty sure it's illegal to say you're
gonna do you're gonna harm the president
like everything every voice I do now and
eventually it devolves into blinken I
don't know why we're doing fucking
blinking too often what's going on dan
Wilson's got more of a gravelly quality
than blinken
like this game and all kind of crazy
things happening some kind of purple
thing all there is you're an animal
put it on my wildlife preserve people
will play to see that right there's a
purple animal and talks and has haired
flies around absolutely Dan done is it
Dan Wilson or Don Wilson it's both
goddamnit
it's earners wandering internet I want
all my neighbors and I can't stay on one
thing for too long I gotta change names
constantly they're looking for me
maybe if you stop threatening the
president they would stop looking for it
hey my name is Dave Dave Wilson Braves
Dave Wilson Ronny was largest wildlife
preserve before they closed it and built
the Starbucks now the world's largest
Starbucks I don't own that they took it
all so maybe if you used a different
last name they wouldn't find you soft
everything about that that's my name is
now John Wayne a muffin what I got to
change all my fucking stationery Donna
Wagner stationery all says Donald Wilson
I made mistakes in airing when I was
Donald I kept changing my name
I noticed that wait I thought you were
David now I was last minute they're
really looking for me again the stop
saying you're gonna harm the president
it's a great idea it's gonna work is
stopping harming them yet
don't listen to you unless you threaten
the president that's what I've learned
him like that's neither life lessons
from David Wilson all my great ideas and
nobody listened to me until I told them
I had a gun just a staple gun though
they didn't know I had it in my coat and
rightly stapled my finger to the coat
your word to their gun wait what your
finger got stapled to the coast yeah I
stapled my finger in my coat off staples
in too deep
hey I need to see a doctor yeah I would
recommend I really recommend man but you
don't trust doctors that's the only
problem
well just the medicine Dockers what do
you what do you believe in a god I got
screwed over while a witch doctor once
he said he'd make me immortal then I
almost died
I did die but the doctor the medical
doctor brought me back to life uh-huh
after I fell off the roof I mean only
working on the new giraffe house
wildlife preserve I was both at a really
tall roof then I hit my toe with a
hammer and I fell off the roof okay
I thought the doctor side was dead for
38 minutes nobody's ever been dead that
long I've got a world record
congratulate dad for 38 minutes they
brought me back said I'd never be the
same I think you know what you're
talking about I showed them I made a
video about giraffes you sure you should
show them how's that draft video panning
out by the way sound like gangbusters
20 bucks what 20 bucks for one total
profits
I thought that way that might be how
much you're selling the video for solid
for 25 it's a long story
tag I guess yeah that was you know that
next I'm gonna blow up the IRS then you
cannot say I'm a 100% sure that is
illegal I got a plan say I'm their mail
them a check
only it's not gonna be a check it's
gonna be a bomb I'm gonna send them a
bomb in the mail I gotta find a way to
make a really thin bomb though it looks
like a check I got my scientists working
on it you have scientists my neighbor
Bob he's gonna put some stationery in
the microwave maybe that'll do something
just putting paper in the microwaves
make things blow up I hear I guess you
gotta find a way to delay the explosion
so somebody opens the letter at the IRS
I don't think you can mail them a
microwave I think I think that's gonna
be where your problem lies all right
said we're working on a tiny microwave
letter bomb you and your scientist Bob
Internet you ever science his neighbor
Bob well great wonder he went to high
school he would so I mean where come in
here what kind of science is easy then I
got nothing for that it's ER gonna
please I couldn't go goddamnit why are
you ruining my brick with the world and
you know I'm just trying to figure you
out you there's light there's nowhere
obvious I can take that what am I gonna
say hold back he's a whole big scientist
that's all I got I'll take Oh Mac
have no idea when I was in high school
there was a bomb threat they caught me
though oh you made the bomb threat
I made the bomb you know what you got me
hook line & sinker
there's worth 40 goddamn bugs I think I
think fella god only played paid for
dollar a minute
when I make it Burger King wait I
thought you said you sell giraffe videos
I added something else to make ends meet
I make 20 bucks make a giraffe videos
it's taking time let's say you say you
work at the Burger King you flip the
hamburgers after every turned on
wildlife preserve into a Starbucks and I
had to change my business model okay I
became a hamburger associate a hamburger
associate I make the cows taste good and
how and and you so you feed the cows
special food or I feed the cows my
manager after he's talked back to me I
told him he smelled like a like a like a
thing
I totally smell like it fingers I can't
think of what to say that happens to a
lot Don are you I mean how you feel
right there what happens when you
improvise
I'm just run out of materials
Donald wait a month that's right I use
sera Iowa's largest wildlife reserve
before they turn into our Starbucks now
the world's largest Starbucks oh but I
don't make any money from it because
they took my land because the eminent
domain said they had to build a
Starbucks the better the community
absolutely everybody likes that coffee
yeah you need to get in the coffee
business done what's your name now doc
Danno
now I know Donuts MacDowell walk I don't
know
working on it this soon it's Miguel walk
that's my favorite so far
yeah you got to get on that coffee money
nothing but profit and coffee you know I
think I heard you say that once before
rose beans wanna be cheap means getting
from Colombia
no no she fees gives me an idea
okay I'm gonna sell drugs I'm gonna go
to Colombia and sell drugs I think they
have plenty of drugs there I'm gonna I'm
gonna smuggle cocaine into Colombians
brilliant nobody's done this yet I
always do it the other way around but
you know most Colombians need cocaine -
don't be song with smuggle cocaine into
Colombia that might be brilliant another
thought is I think they have plenty of
cocaine there I'm gonna smuggle it back
in on supposedly empty drug running
trucks I'm gonna say no we dropped off
all the cocaine in the United States but
it's gonna come back into Colombia it's
really gonna have the cocaine still in
the bread truck this is a brilliant
I gotta steal some drug trucks from no
see that's where that's what it breaks
apart a little bit done I'm gonna be
honest with you I'm gonna be really
honest with you I think those drug lords
really like their drug trucks the real
Veon I would like us to know that this
is the congratulations on the stream of
the year I think I think people enjoyed
on Wilson you morio says Don Wilson
making my night thank you
Don has a way Don has a way about it and
figure out how to do God first I was
worried I was worried I didn't know if
you'd I didn't know if you'd get there
but here we are
donning it up I mean do you ever really
forget down oh I mean get Gerald what's
your name now Morty Morty Ferguson
Duncan Morty Duncan Ferguson Duncan will
birth my name is Duncan Robert Duncan
will burn along Columbia's largest
reverse smuggling operation how can I
forget how could I forget about
Columbia's largest reverse because
that's a thing
mr. GAO has something for you where's
your glitch have a happy birthday and
we're sending you a present in the mail
but don't open it cuz it'll blow up but
I need you to floor that that thing I'm
gonna million to the IRS just don't open
it first
you're gonna reset the IRS make sure to
put your name on it not my name
David McDermott David examine don't want
to put David McDermott on it that's true
I wanna find a way to fit a large madman
trying to a Volkswagen Beetle why do you
need a magnetron - OH - because
magnetrons are used to stop like online
people from stealing your movies right I
tried that yeah didn't work how that
would that didn't work I mounted the
movie oh is that why you weren't able to
make any money I'm ready I made a buck I
thought you made $20 I have to sell the
magnetron I got a buck for solo the
magnetron the movie I got 24 uh-huh
after taxes suck it down to 19 oh okay I
get an eye thing I'm with you my name is
John Wilson
I run MIT sir my name is Don Wilson
I run mr. glitches answering machine
largest answering machine Western
Hemisphere you got something to say
leave a message on this device right
bill especial answering machine that
grants wishes you leave a message on the
machine after the beep of genial come
out and grant your wish
as soon as I figure out how to stuff a
genie in this x-ray machine we're
working on that in fact call me and
leave a message on my answering machine
if you know where I can find a genie
I need a teeny shove into this box
it's great it's great idea this
machine's gonna be entirely green it's
gonna be powered by a small chipmunk on
a treadmill
I think that's green it's green means
environmentally friendly done
Furguson chipmunks are environmentally
friendly goddamnit hoes I used to have a
wildlife reserve
there were Chipmunks all over the place
once a week I had to brush the Chipmunks
up the giraffes every idea what size
brush you need to brush chipmunks offs
with giraffe when I had to advance
brushes at home just to hold up my
giraffe chipmunk brush it was 20 feet
long say two men not great the brush
they wanted $15 an hour I had to go out
of business I both the giant Starbucks
and my wildlife reserve they use my
giraffes and their crappy sandwiches you
know what I don't think the president is
coming after anyone I think Starbucks is
gonna come after you it's illegal to
talk that way about Starbucks and
sandwiches Herald bias Starbucks cup of
coffee will cost you $19 as much as I
made off of my giraffe movie
that's yeah yeah yeah uh-huh
why are we still playing this out
because we have no tweet this is what
we're playing this is what we're playing
tonight we're doing this in the end of
the night god dammit you don't like it
you can go watch a PewDiePie what's his
name yeah this guy who's making a
Swedish guy you got faces he's got the
guys who kind of face something was he
do I don't know what a beauty pliers
I've heard the name I think most people
have faces I'm sure not Bob you're not
after that accident your bomb scientist
he doesn't have a face four fingers I
stuck that's okay I stuck some flux into
his knuckles he can operate heavy
machinery just fine use the forklift and
knobs to make my bogs well you know
that's why you're having somebody get
that man some better Forks no I don't
have any silverware every time I talk to
Bob I hold it over him I kind of
resentful I think you saying you only
had two forks flip for it
do you think I just gave one foot per
hand that's what I was assuming each
hands got four Forks and one teaspoon
wait what do you think I'm gonna use a
fork for a thumb that makes no sense
no face that makes you happy
Bob is the saddest story I've ever heard
my entire life and I'm Jake Wilhelm the
owner of Columbia's largest reverse
smuggling operation formerly owner of
Iowa's largest wildlife preserve and
vendor of the giant giraffe shipment
brush I like magnet runs for my hobby
I made a magnet trying for my science
project knives a kid make toast probably
because I built it out of his holster
like glued some toothpicks on my toaster
I thought that would make some kind of
magnetron I said Meg says mr. John
Wilson my name's my name is Donald
Wilbert I called you miss I called
you're mr. glitch answering machine make
formal complaint about your hamburger
patties I believe it contains giraffes
do the hair in my last angry whopper PS
lol suck my cock and it's it's lol fuck
my cock you people keep getting the Brit
wrong I wasn't giraffe fair in your
sandwich where's my wife's hair I ran
out of giraffe hair after the starbucks
used all my giraffes to make their
sandwiches I think that's why they stole
my wildlife reserve I need to draft me
what would one that's my voice you're
hearing iron echo delay do you have this
dream on the computer I shouldn't be on
it's fine earrings fine okay I have a
degree in computer science of them my
darlings working just okay I graduated
mrs. Kozlowski gave me a gold star so I
did all my homework
I don't even graduate
oh here we go oh I've stopped actually
playing the game the chat here on that
hair colors that just nice hmm
I get well I you know rich is screaming
that's how I heard the echo no the alt
tab out of here I think you have the
stream on oh yeah shit that's that echo
been here this entire time what what why
didn't you say anything about the Ergo
god damn it whole screens been ruined
grant do this all again from the top I
hope you wrote down everything I said I
don't remember I remember lol fucked my
cock I'll do that lol fuck my cock I did
that part everyone wants you to skip
story mode they're too impatient I
thought I did really for the these last
couple of stages I've just been running
to the right I have not been paying I
haven't even been paying attention to
the level I've just been running to the
right and so far it's working
gangbusters no I'm saying we're all tab
you roll quick I hope your dad forgot
so corrects I've got a pause button I'm
gonna invent pause button that pauses
reality something you want to get shit
done you can just stop time and hit
pause
I think Adam Sandler stole your idea for
a movie of his look I can stop some cats
in to my alarm clock that ought to do
the trick
cats mall radical
collecting data mr. creepy it's a queen
queen Oh
one sec we do how many how many months
well mall rat Cole has been subscribe Oh
mall rat cow I got some times I can't
say names I can't say my own name
well I keep changing my name other than
that and the people who are looking for
me like the IRS and lower the IRS
looking for you because I owe them four
dollars for my giraffe video that's why
I gotta blow them up Billa Here Come
Billy heck I whatever your name is
Dumbo heckum and grand off thank you for
subscribing
Kenny whack bar really appreciates them
because that's my name titty what did he
work for
that's my rap name I'm decided I'm gonna
go under the rap game you're gonna go
into the rap game now I could say words
I can say words and stick some Pink
Floyd music in the background
give me a dr. Seuss book and a copy of
Dark Side of the Moon I'll give you a
number one hit how do you run there's a
button you gotta hit the button there's
a run dirt your magic meters gotta be
full oh she runs on magic huh
why could I not do this Don help me area
oh is it because it's just a circle and
it doesn't go anywhere no everyone what
can't be right are you just you're not
doing it right
apparently not yeah run faster stop
interrupting me when I'm making my rap
album I'm looking for my copy of The
Lorax I'm gonna trigger I can sample
lyrics still a little that makes it okay
if I call it a sample it's true
that's exactly how that works when I
make my new rap song Bohemian Rhapsody
Kurt in the Hat Oh No fuck I hit the
restart button use your a name
thank you for subscribing for the last
14 months asshole
what happens if I sample a rap song yeah
then it's called a remix is that one you
hit like infinity yep
you put it you put it I guys like a
never-ending tunnel sampling my sample
to sample yep then it's called a mixtape
it's a real thing that's a real thing in
the rap community
what about your sample a whole song and
call up my song can I make a million
dollars yes yes you can go down go I'm
gonna sample the entirety of stairway to
heaven I'm gonna say yo first though so
it's a rap song I just you know I don't
think that's how it works done I'm gonna
I'm gonna be I'm gonna be real with you
I want to be real with you I gotta do
something yeah turns out Colombians just
make their own cocaine I you know I
really thought they did done I wasted
millions of dollars I'm in the red how
are you where did you get those millions
of dollars fortunately it was illegal so
I don't know the IRS anything for it but
they won't put me in jails they find out
this isn't being recorded right nope not
not even a little bit not even a bit
debt neutral yeah thank you for
subscribing 15 months in a row I can't
believe somebody's been subscribed as
long as there's all these people hurt
it's madness madness your madness
you ever think about that what yep so my
doctor said I told the fuck off I didn't
have time to put on the straitjacket I
had to run my wildlife preserve I'm
starting to think this wildlife preserve
never existed
it was Wyoming well what was all of
Wyoming was my wildlife preserve that's
just a state that's done that doesn't
count I claimed it was in Iowa for tax
purposes
maybe that's why you owe so much money
to the IRS did you ever you know get it
together
that's right captain it brick I have a
goal I like this for like an hour now
I never needed any drugs couldn't use
the drugs I'd be using the merchandise
then I couldn't move in Colombia like
ordering seafood in a coastal town you
get a whole bag of cocaine for like 20
cents in a coastal town no that's that's
just seafood and uh I don't know cocaine
in Colombia it's like ordering seafood
I'm like a dark know if you're gonna
have YouTube you reach them the barrel
and you pick up like a mackerel and
you're it's yours
head over run away when they're telling
you to stop and there's your mackerel it
cost you nothing
well that's so Ari that's called
stealing done what the stealing there's
a couple stream pitches for you
dumb Domanick dumb antics
thanks for Laughs Jensi says merry
Christmas to all and to all a good lol
fuck my cock pizza train 11 says happy
holidays guy this stream is the best
president give us best present someone
can give me as rescuing my wildlife
preserved from Starbucks
I heard they grow coffee in Colombia
maybe I can get some kind of deal going
tot a coffee for cocaine or I can import
coffee into Colombia nobody ever thinks
to do that well I don't think I don't
think you need to do that because they
have so much coffee there exactly it's
not expected ok little big little make a
fortune
that was a long chase which you're gonna
have a sore throat tomorrow I got a sore
throat now motherfucker what about pizza
train did you read peace train I read
that one hugger we think I'm incompetent
you know I'm not a you think I'm
incontinent yes
I haven't kind it's called America love
it or leave it
nailed it nailed it that's a good job do
my Kristopher Kringle go there a little
bit oh yeah you know I haven't seen that
episode you know I don't watch anything
else but I'd let a media producers right
I've never oh oh there it is
his wife made sex toys she's a country
bakes cunts
my wife is a fucking cunt who makes
literal fucking cunts literal fucking
cunts I mean every one of my daughter's
is a whore a fucking whore
so my wife is a is a is a fucking cunt
literally makes fucking cunts and also
she makes fucking cunts she literally
makes fucking cunts that's a really good
bit
nobody yes it was a great bit but nobody
noticed it because Star Wars what one
comment on that bitch really that's
really funny people people you're
missing the goal here at Star Wars but
ours
that's true rich but Star Wars I'm so
done with this game
speaking of would you like to have a
conversation about Star Wars at that
point I think so okay I'm done with this
game hi-yah hair flip hair flip okay hey
everybody
so before before we leave before we
leave the people who haven't seen Star
Wars yet thank you everyone for coming
out thank you for the wonderful year I'm
not gonna be back for another stream
this year because of holiday madness so
thank you thank you everyone for coming
out thank you everyone for supporting us
and we've had a lot of fun and we really
appreciate you coming out every week
that's right I'll try and get a little
stream in like a soul stream but hold on
the super Star Wars spoiler time starts
soon
