Police Quest: The Quest for More Police (Part 4)
May 24, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jax0MAwdL9c

just don't crash my car did you say
before I left okay not literally saving
every four seconds no no I want to make
sure I want to make sure you save like
after the arrest great
hmm yeah Jays busy making a movie go
through plenty all the way gamer Oh get
up the stairs dogmeat Sonny getting a
little pushy Oh what happened he said
something while I was
I guess is your big bus for the day how
big hey I guess your big bust for the
day big seeing you and seeing you and
Cubs gives me a natural high hug okay
come on yeah you're going to find out
this is a big waste of your time and
mine the Death Angel lawyer some people
you know if you answer then you can say
snort my cocaine smoke my weed I mean
you had a gun on you
you know you had cocaine and weed on you
Oh jack is so crooked like I'm calling
her right now that's the plot twist not
everyone is Peter Lorre just this bad
guy this bad guys Peter Lorre well we'll
find a different voice for different bad
guys I'm afraid I can only do Peter work
okay if rich is doing the voice you push
the buzzer the jailor releases the you
what tronic walk follow me
get in there you scumbag I like your
sunny voice yeah I like it yeah
look the jailor greets you with a
friendly Oh No here comes more paperwork
you dick I wish I didn't have a cushy
job Jesus I hate I hate putting all the
bad people behind jail bars
my goodness gracious I suppose that was
the other Jack his whiney oh goodness
gracious says the dealer here stands
bonds again on behalf of the people I
see hate me so much I'm supposed to put
criminals in jail this guy shot two
people yeah he's a murderer this is
James angry let go we can do that oh no
I guess I'll just do work all day oh
this is one bad dude
what are you booking him for Sherlock
car theft what are we where do you do
karthick stolen car right was that the
the original after a short wait the
jailor answer are you gonna book this
dude or not if you want to book this
crook I'll need a clue as to what to the
charges a car theft
yeah jaylee responds okay okay I will do
oh sorry I thought I was doing the voice
of sailors but rich okay car will do
fill out the booking slip and give me
his property what's your name
the jailer has the prisoner also yeah
also possession of drugs and assange I
think I right then over the original
dispatch was stolen car car yeah what's
your name the jailer asked your prison
or well you said that name's Marvin
Hoffman you you scumbag
here's months and that's all you're
getting out of me coppers thirty Peaks
deep down you know this sleazebag is
nothing man he claims he is you booked
him as Marvin Hoffman anyway hoping his
numerous felony charges will keep him in
the slam
long enough for you to ascertain his
true identity and the jailer the booking
slip ins and the suspects gravity ok
bonds you can remove his cuffs in place
mr. so called Marvin Hoffman and his
cell number one what's gonna go wrong
the minute I take his cuffs off right
maybe I I think he's just gonna get out
of jail and I'm a lawyer at the county
you remove the cuffs and place them in
your handcuff case your penthouse awaits
you Hoffman shove it Pig
yeah you're leaping meter maids kids
can't keep me in here the shelves off my
nails now I'll be out of this tank
before you finish a coffee break you're
losing it Peter Lorre yeah oh it's other
Jack Jack says um oh well I see you got
that slimeball Pusha booked the COS
tucked away and all the evidence pointed
a second this is Jack number one but
Jack number two showed up to the scene
maybe many it was a graphical error
maybe maybe it was supposed to be this
guy and they just fucked up and had to
Sonny show up
two jacks no it was the other guy walked
look just like we did right oh look at
the COS tucked away and all the evidence
is booked this is one clean bust my boy
you're losing the voice yeah a little
bit it's hard two minutes too many jacks
you know something big oh you're doing a
slightly delaying my exit tests le rinse
to Sally
I guess that's his real name and this is
an error we know his real name down no
don't ask about drugs ask about this
- Sally I guess hey big you were on my
side of these buzz I'd kick your mojo
between your shoulders here on out my
Sonny is just a hard-nosed Dirty Harry
Oh nineteen fifties man oh jesus oh
Jesus Oh who's this this is Jack I
received a call from dispatch on the way
over here Dooley wants to see you in his
office
you are done here still you okay since
my shift is over I'll see you back at
the station
I guess it could be good could we meet
you I'm not sure since my shift is over
I'll see you back at the station could
be I could be you I hope we didn't fuck
up we're bucking him for him I'm worried
about that now I mean he was in a stolen
car it was originally stolen cars
obviously right was not what they said
dispatch stolen car there are so many
things to looking for he was in a stolen
car and he had drugs and guns yeah so
yeah that's breadcrumb gaming says he
had just got blood-borne yet he can't
beat the first level I'll get there I
can only assume you mean like you know
area the first area right I've been
trying for about five hours of no luck
I've already had to restart my character
because my first one's a weapon broke
that's important I've never had that
happen before you have you can prepare
your weapon in the dream you have to
when you go back to the hunters dream
you make that a habit you have to repair
your weapon using blood echoes Can I
grab the dirtiest okay so make sure you
repair your weapon and just just keep
play it play through and learn learn all
of the little combat tricks and
sometimes basically get good get you
know sorry it's not it's not easy but
you do get better it doesn't get easier
just because you're better at the game
yes yeah starting to start learning and
oh my god that was hot you know start
Lowe's learning that rip Jose or the
counter the Perry and and get those
combos down those combos really help
slash slash slash dive dive away dive
away so many times you can do it we
believe in you and once you get it man
is it a great time
but yeah also just make sure to keep an
eye on your weapon stats because it will
tell you in the in the menu how how
close your weapon is to breaking so get
it repaired you can do it we believe in
you
I think the birthday boy doesn't believe
in you but I believe in you okay all
right what do we got now I don't know
okay that's true Lucan Corvin says
blood-borne is one of those games where
it's hard to give proper good advice
where the best advice is just get good
which is true you just need to learn the
combat just keep practicing keep
fighting you'll you'll start to
understand and light movements you know
I don't know how you normally play games
maybe play a bit more defensively than
you're used to
oh this is not this is not a button
masher where you run in and Wack Wack
Wack Wack Wack until they're dead even
even when you're like all leveled up and
you go back to those early areas you
still cannot plow through the enemies
always play defensively absolutely so
get used to dodging and waiting for them
to attack before you do anything and
practice with colouring yes I love sunny
I have a memo here concerning you let me
read it dear his eyes begin to sting and
water profusely
sergeant Dooley races for the bathroom
cursing the gremlin for spraying the
memo with mace oh that's way out Dooley
ills read the memo yourself Sonny ready
the memo yourself Sonny
if you scans how it comes uncontrolled
after its newly declared when I find
that gremlin is
but I find out if I find the
grandmothers I swear I'll kill them
we're saved before we read the memo and
accidentally mace ourselves who dick
neutral you're drinking a sculpin
tonight I'm glad you may be smart but
you can't read that memo upside down we
have to walk around with this yeah they
thought of that that's really fun that's
the thing that happened that's really
funny I like that interdepartmental memo
okay from Lieutenant James Morgan
narcotics re officer bonds officer bonds
request for a temporary transfer to the
narcotics Department has been approved
bonds is to report to my office ASAP in
suitable Street clothing we made it we
were promoted we're in the big time it's
temporary
yeah but by the end of the game this is
it we're gonna be in it we're gonna be a
narc maybe we like Fang Street job I
like getting there down there and the
dirt and the grime no no what you know
what we are right now right now we're
like we're Tylenol we're taking care of
symptoms we get into narcotics we start
taking care of the disease you know man
so we're getting rid of poverty yeah I
mean oh my god he's still taking a
shower and Batman is still pooping
well well you're the one wasting time
dick whatever whatever
what ah there's nothing like a nice hot
shower
all right now what I don't know is which
clothes are they going to expect us to
wear you missed all the fun I jumped in
the shower what the other guy he wasn't
interested
oh I went on a very important mission
one of the times Jay came in here to
check in on us he appeared to have an
ice-cold beer okay so I assumed that he
picked up some beer and dropped him off
here at the studio mmm he did not he
just brought one beer for him to drink
it joy no that's fine I'm sorry mm-hmm
it's not a big deal I didn't know
alcohol was that important to you it's
very can't going out in huh I think you
have problem it's true I have many
problems one of them right now is that I
don't have any beer what problems that
are inconvenience
no it's if it one was here I would have
drank it but my my problem was I was
thinking about bringing some beer from
home but then I said oh the fridge is
always has a couple beers I know I don't
need to do that
everybody you know what everything's
fine I do not need beer to have a good
time I'm having a lovely time I've been
going through our old Space Quest stream
because I want to use some clips of it
you know we talk we talk about text
adventure games and so I wanted to is
find some funny bits yeah or the broken
age episode and these these are good
games yes text adventure games yes they
are are where it's at
hello say oh hey there you go please
step over here to my yes No oh do you'll
see what desk tap Morgan welcomes you to
than a carnac's division and explains
the necessity of your new image
honey I'm trying to put you on the
Hoffman case dirtier your involvement in
the Arush your partner will be detective
war once sweet all right you enjoy
Lauren or office now good luck
convocation and welcome to Borg honey
hey it wasn't there Nell W in the book
in the book oh yeah in the notebook a
black book
yeah just saying it's somebody to be
rubbed out and yeah the Hoffman guide
obviously is the one who did it
he's our murderer yeah yeah what's
problem now our new partner is lw2
coincidence yes I think dun dun dun
it's a beautiful it was weird it's just
weird as all right there's Lonnie West
sure the chests talking about LA noire
can you imagine the trainings people and
and having to judge their facial
expressions with these graphics well the
one pixel moves so he might be frowning
now or he's mad he's either winking or
one of his eyes is bulging out what does
it mean when they turn into a dragon it
looks like he's turning into a dragon
all right jack you can do girls better
than picture oh this is Laura
welcome to the Narcotics Division Sonny
says Laura I'm pleased he was selected
for the position she's hard nosed yeah
how pleased you were selected for the
division allow me to show you around
does it bitch this is a filing cabinet
this contains all our active knockout of
cases including
Hoffman's file okay well she got bark
this way go on my hips this keyboard
contains keys to the unmarked cars that
are assigned to the Narcotics Division
I've been meaning to update that
clipboard hang in there little southern
that's fine oh my girls it's kind of
sound the same let's see here
by the way our radio call number is 83
Nora 10 that's done right them new call
number 83 Nora 10 got it this will be
your desk since you have your own best
now your pigeonhole will be assigned to
someone else
dun dun dun we don't need our pigeonhole
no more
sunny Laura says earnestly I attended
Hoffman's arraignment earlier this
morning
he's being represented by some
out-of-town hotshot lawyer this morning
I was like that was like half an hour
ago the video game time no no no no
that's not cool that is unacceptable
also if it was just happen before we
drove the police station and before that
we went to a birthday party and before
that we were at work so like were we
working at 2:00 in the morning the
birthday party was after work and we
also read the late shift so we're doing
a double shift so we arrested him at
night and they just can't show Nate
graphics yeah okay um oh he's got some
hotshot lawyer mm-hmm she's turning more
southern go where your gut tells you it
needs to go yeah this jerk has convinced
judge Palmer
that Hoffman is who he says he is and
that's not the worst of it mm-hmm judge
Palmer said Hoffman's bail at only
$500,000 we've got to show cause to
justify a no-bail warrant if Hoffman
gets out on bail we'll never see his
ugly face again
and so by the way the fact that he was
armed had drugs in the trunk is not
enough to warrant a no cause a no-bail
warrant would probably murder so we need
to get him on the murder of Bonny West
or Jose Martinez we might get a call
like that that's good you're thinking
already yeah you're thinking already
great I'm an adventure game veteran
let's do this Sonny I have a meeting
right now and can't stay hoffmans your
baby now and
is running out I hope you can discover
some information that will convince
judge Palmer to hold him without bail
I just a little snappy in the air there
cuz yeah that's what you would do all
right my interpretation of her character
you know all these names Jenkins
Justin Fletch file drawer contains the
file contains five folders each labeled
with a name of the case Winfred w Watson
Winnie the weasel weasel hold on wait
wait
let me look at my descriptions of people
okay narcotics weapons armed robbery has
been seen with a junkie hooker known as
big Bonnie a sinking ship on his top of
his head okay oh I know how we're gonna
get him tattoo there's gonna be a tattoo
in his file and that's gonna be
connected to the the Murray thing right
hi pants Murray he had the tattoo of
them something or other yes
yeah he had a tattoo of
did I delete it
what's that one in the back just is it
just gibberish gibberish oh here it is
flower tattoo above left and nipple
we're looking at oh that's him
Leroy Pearson scars tattoos etc tattoo
small flower above left nipple there
right no but we knew that already we
knew Leroy Pearson yeah yeah so that's
the connection yeah well now we need to
prove it okay so how do we prove it
what's it - - okay remove the Hofmann
valve from the drawer oh okay so we have
that file yep
all right that's something that's
something that's something I agree
that's something do we want to go
through the other files oh sorry I just
got a call from the jail
Hoffman's attorney is on his way over
there with a half million dollars to
bail him out Jesus the bulletin board is
filled with terminally boring stuff okay
if you found anything at all and we
could used to hold the sucker now it's
time to use it do we need the other case
files
hold on ho ho take whatever you have
well you actually you want to read this
Oh
take whatever you have get over to the
courthouse and see if you can get a
no-bail warrant out of judge Palmer TT
TT it's too late it's too late that's
all right so we have the file so do we
can we go get the file of like a witness
report of the shooting what do we have
to do the desk on the right has in and
out baskets the telephone but no name
plates
come on really
yeah that's pretty anal yeah all right
we're gonna go to the Compu front and
look up names see what comes up sure
sure I don't know if you can be late to
the trial like usually that's an
adventure game thing where time is
irrelevant
yeah I'm assuming times roller bud save
the game just in case you use comp you
traitor
good mornin
don't know what are we looking for
TTL Oh what was Moses other named Leroy
pierson-el er oh wow let's just give it
the last time he ie are som okay I mean
look at the map here is there can we get
the file on on the car crash and then
you know we have that file with the
witnesses report or no and then show
both to the judge
I assume I don't know
I don't know
PA system Chloe with monitor keyboard
and printer yeah so print out something
hmm
what were the aliases on the licenses
Leroy Pearson there was Marvin Hofmann
and Leroy Pearson and they don't think
he's Marvin Hoffman so we need to prove
he's he's your appears Pearson yeah hey
Oh tell phoria hotel are you in
California right now yeah what is the
name of the city where should we go to
his hotel
how do you print how do you print we can
find us Hotel map right video codes
let's see here
good morning drugs just drugs
mmm-hmm let's see here let's see here
sort of thing the manual about
procedures and what to do
penal penal code I'm gonna look at some
other folders yeah that's a good idea
one of those other names might have a
tattoo of the flower above the nipple
yeah sure sure sure
I'm with you a print screen control
piece just press control for you right
Penal
fat Fanny shirt fed Fetty hard fat Fanny
Oh God alright the price with caution
yeah okay so that's just the funny one
yeah gotcha
Jimmy the Jimmy the junkie Oh legal
flight to avoid prosecution on narcotics
violation last seen heading south
like an out-of-control rocket arrested
notify officers game Lucas probation
department there all right just in
Fletch
Fredi the freak purse-snatching assault
and battery bytes next I just purchased
these are all comedy ones this is early
Wednesday morning statements indicate
Freddie's just in front was that
intersection of Center and third
directing traffic while totally nude oh
okay was that the maybe that was the
naked guy yeah so these are just comedy
ones for those of you asking red ogo
LaMacchia says why are there so many
damn items to unlock in Binding of Isaac
rebirth because the entire point of the
game is its replayability that's it the
defeating mom defeating mom's heart
defeating Satan defeating mega satan
which by the way I've defeated mega
Satan now that's all that's all fine and
winning the game but real winning the
game real platinum God status is that is
the real victory and that's unlocking
all the items beating the game with
every character on hard you can do it I
believe in you I have all these written
down I don't think these mean anything
aha what's this
look at that fish look at that name -
cellie last Harris and Hoffmann get
sheet you don't mean it
what do you mean you don't mean it well
look them up in the computer maybe sure
tes le hold on I mean let me write this
down
Jason t.a.s e ll I got it
Harris and Hoffman also Harris
aha tattoo flower above the next left
lapel you take the FBI wanted poster
knowing judge Palmer will find it very
interesting
sweet boom you did it rich you figured
it out drop clipboard let's get over
there to Sally
so yeah the game totally glitched out
earlier yeah reaaahhr
or we've read that poster earlier and
put it the game game glitch so we would
have noticed it anyway
well you minute I saw this face I didn't
read the name yet I saw a smile that's
him yeah that's totally Henry you don't
need the computer anymore do you just a
kiss or something I have to print out
for the other name right sure the file
from the clipboard oh sure
you never know just print it out how do
you print maybe you can't maybe maybe
you just can't well you have the finest
computer has to be here for a reason I
agree Hoffman fell and wanted poster I'm
hoping those are the only two things we
need hold on hold on I'm saving this oh
it's fine it didn't take my other save
you've been like overwriting saves a lot
right clearly labeled one please press
one zero I thought I did huh yes didn't
take did not take I don't know why but
and what am I supposed to do here
I am looking this up I'm I'm heading to
the court Jack Oh God already had before
doing it we'll be fine
do you think is it I think we'll be fine
if I'm wrong we'll just reload the same
this isn't a no different
I'm looking this up sorry everyone I
miss fucking
okay I don't think we do need to print
down anything okay I think we're gonna
be fine
better better safe than sorry yeah you
have the safe so no matter what haven't
reformed the prescribed walk around
safety check of your vehicle you are now
ready to hit the streets nice rich nice
your soul ease always check your car so
up on it
even when you're undercover you have to
inspect your car your cop that never
changes
yeah but what if that's a test and
someone just saw you do that now they
know you're a cop oh my god oh we have
some what the fuck's yeah we got a
shitload crab and rail means real nice
bill Ola hecka mr. Foreman Le Loi beats
Guido Oh bother
boys I'm nice you 42 quince omni ik
Harry fed-ex Mensa and hundreds of
others thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
it's true we do we really do back to
business back to the business of copping
full screen you fucker full screen boom
the only screen that matters
full screen save it I came again and
again save it keep saving it to the scum
and bushes after the streets
gotta get all those pimps and all those
bushes off our streets you see the card
house yep oh my god no you're fine
yeah make him stop he's the dickhead Oh
God can you park like that people
looting are very proud of this
courthouse built in 1873 by descendants
of the town's first settlers the marble
was imported all the way from West let
me dig neutral a space cop
text adventure game would be amazing yes
women unfortunately rich and I don't
know how to make video games yes we will
write we together with Mike and Jay will
write a space cop text adventure for
anyone who wants to take it there are
there are a handful of handmade games in
this style there's like somebody made
like Space Quest 0 yeah yeah listen
that's all I'm saying is it will right
there we will make it happen if you if
someone knows how to make a game ok Oh
help you dr. Mann good days help you ask
about judge I'm sorry but judge Kim
Palmer's Court is presently in session
Palmer suggests you want right yes how
do you do that
so man evidence yes Phoenix if if we
make a space cop text adventure game any
time you enter in spikes you
automatically die if you type in spikes
at all you automatically that's very
nice sir
but I have no authority in matters such
as this how can you do that
what's the fist I tried I tried
leftover beefcake I'm looking into this
do you have a good judge voice well this
is this is a lady judge voice Oh Kim
Palma silence in the court
it's my queen of England oh you got in
did punching him in the face word no way
will see it may get kicked out right now
in a firm voice the bailiff speaks to
you well oh well the judge is waiting
for you yes apparently for your
information sir this Court is in session
you are the most fortunate that I do not
hold you in contempt like that yeah they
live show this gentleman out of my
courtroom
oh well okay there's more we need to do
okay as you are launched from judge
Palmer's court the bailiff bids you
farewell boys your face red
yes this is I was using my queen of
England voice I'm the queen of judge are
there anything in the manual about court
procedures oh that's a good idea
how's it gonna be Oh what okay personal
conduct let's see here Department
standards physical arrest handcuffing
driving vehicle safety inspection radio
transmission felony arrests procedures
vehicle codes penal codes burglary
robbery fear defined on your first and
Abid
no there's nothing about court
procedures damn it
closed Jack I know we're closed closed
what should I do jack what you do
incoming you for home okay head back
into the courthouse
okay what's the listen they live back
into the courthouse go back in the
courthouse okay oh and can you type
anything when you're in there
yes I guess my question Simonson Michael
it's not letting you type anything like
can you talk to the bailiff I can't no
judge is waiting for you same thing
happen and you just you just can't type
anything still can't type anything now
okay hold on let me think about this
first again well obviously we have to
get in here with you this guy right
right
ask about tattoo I'm gonna do something
I'm gonna look at the chat who would
type objection I don't think that'll
work
and you've tried giving this guy the
files and stuff you have keys revolver
briefcase wallet and give wallet what do
you have authority in
and you weren't able to type anything as
soon as you try screaming that might
work I don't think so
scream just type in scream at man they
say it's an emergency okay
oh that's terrible puzzle
yeah that's injecting real-life logic
into video game logic that's that's a
that's a bit harsh unless there's
something in the manual I think any
puzzle at any game should have some kind
of hint somewhere I'm looking at like
person you don't you know what that is
what that's that some people would feed
money into the sierra hint hotline
uh-huh they had one oh this is one 900
number oh sure sure sure
yeah I feel bad about that now yeah
that's a bad puzzle but that's fine the
bedpost I feel bad that we I needed him
to go on to but I mean there was no way
because so damn good there was no way we
could have known that one right there is
no way
let's see Mr Bond Zoo or what is this
warrant for says the judge and what
information do you have to substantiate
the validity of a warrant
how can you give file all right did you
have any other information judge Palmer
motions the bailiff to retrieve the
evidence you hand with the evidence to
the bailiff because who needs animation
when we could just tell you what's
happening he's not even saying it he's
just handing her things like no the only
yeah graces as judge Palmer evaluates
your evidence you think to yourself this
Punk can no sorry you think to yourself
this pug can't go free she's reading you
can tell because I have enough judge
Palmer scans the items presented with
questions what makes you think these two
men are the same person mr. bones you
didn't notice that lady the bailiff and
Goro border squirming joke trying to
conceal their ladies Ted to you damn
dirty judge you tell the judge your tale
of tattoos and nipple it's better this
godforsaken nipple take a look yourself
you make me sick
the judge attempts to stifle her giggles
but fails judge Palmer whispers softly
to you well mr. bones it appears your
friend has his tit caught in the ring
the Queen cannot laugh stifling her
laughter judge Palmer says
congratulations mr. bones your request
is granted
we did it here is a no-bail warrant
issued in the name of Jason to Sally
alias Marvin Hoffman bailiff deliver
this to mr. Burns's hold him out I must
I must get on with the beheadings but
but judge it's a traffic ticket yes
here you are Mr Bond several tonight to
Sally's attorneys at the jail at this
very moment oh shit yeah save and drive
like the wind the queen is always drunk
by the way huge everything in my world
the Queen is always drunk fuck yes
oh you made it to the channel I'm so
sorry
across the street oh sure
all right get in there
Oh oh no I forgot oh he was the jailers
voice I forgot the jail who's always
already Oh gay gay stereotype
it wasn't cased here oh no you might've
it was um
the jailer seized I hope you know bonds
at this very moment a Hoffman's lawyer
is in the front reception area bailing
that worm out you've got a definite
surfer vibe now but I like it yeah I was
going for like bored and condescending
in California what's the hand you am the
jailer the no-bail warrant just in time
to keep mr. too silly from returning to
the street you hand the jailer the Nobel
Boyd just in time to keep mr. de chelly
from returning to the streets oh man
this is great
Sonny I hope you know how this will slam
the old boys orifice shut I'll be right
back this is gonna blow his attorneys
mind it's because of all the drugs he
does they really messed with his brain
yeah like I was I think I'm like calling
the the guitar player from the Muppets
from the electric boot from the Electric
Mayhem yeah oh hey there Janice Janice
yeah boy that sure made my day Sonny you
should have seen the guy he started
ranting and raving like a little kid who
just Ted is a lollipop taken away
oh okay
now go talk to the sellers no I sure
hate silly
suck my dick so just go through and type
in suck my dick the period well are you
gonna talk to him at all we could drop
the mic moment Oh jack it really was no
business you know something big
while you're doing is slightly delaying
my exits to solely rants so you were
supposed to talk to him after doing all
this stuff yeah okay that's why that's
