Titan Souls & a Half (Part 1)
April 19, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DtJvXsWERtk

well so it something I did something
crazy and silly right yeah yesterday I
had some free time and on my own twitch
channel which you know nobody follows oh
right right I did some tests yeah to
figure out our lag and latency issues
and you know like our nice are everyone
complains about our audio levels and so
it's like I did some tests okay what
were your conclusions without said test
I figured out the lag okay it took a
while like it took a while to really
like fine-tune the lag so hopefully hi
everybody welcome back hopefully now if
I if I say down up options start that
will sync up perfectly you should be
able to hear rich and I perfectly like
oh shit oh shit fuck shit fucking
fucking hacks fuck audio is actually
good yes Elvis yes Elvis was there Elvis
showed up Elvis showed up because
apparently Elvis found my my channel and
and it was helping me out it was really
great so we did what we're doing it as
far as the elgato is concerned and our
audio everything is synced up and people
should be able to hear us rich is also
playing blood-borne right now which is
which is why he just cussed right there
yeah I did the cost with or without
blood-borne let's be honest to shay you
know what touche its I never it's it's
Harlech that's my twitch channel that's
like the twitch channel I just started
like a little bit before we started
doing prereq I never I've net I never
stream on it I never do anything on it
so following it will do no good but so I
was a Spartan around yesterday I've got
the the one twitch name just I have it
just wagon check right exactly and
something I ever string off that no ok
so today I'm just going to start playing
I will just start chatting right because
that oh oh no no you know what I almost
forgot rich I almost forgot to tweet the
very important tweets that I never do
you have to tweet that's the rule hey oh
and our and our what the fucks are
working again Elvis speaking of the
devil Elvis delvis thank you for
subscribing and modding for us we really
appreciate it so that's it that's all oh
we really haven't we really appreciate
it I saw yeah I saw the the what the
fucks are working again and I'm very
excited about that oven yeah thank you
for subscribing I'm very much
appreciated oh my god and hear y'all
come professor physics thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
mag new SPO that can't be the correct
way to pronounce that but thank you for
subscribing um meg Magnus pu I think
Magnus pu ore Magnus pool but I
definitely think that I definitely think
that first part is Magnus okay well in
any case we very much appreciate it also
future future Jay I like that dude thank
you for subscribing we really do
appreciate it ah and the Rising Sun
thank you for subscribing all of our
lovely subscribers I'm you're slowing me
down from tweeting this is very very
important work here guys what the fuck I
am tweeting right now nothing my phone
just autocorrected hack to Jack I think
I should take a hint so what are you
doing in blood-borne right now rich I'm
just playing the game and I'm farming oh
oh you're farming I'm trying to get back
right now I'm trying to get back those
blood echoes that I lost oh sure no but
I mean what point of the game are you in
I met about where i was before
everything had to be reformatted okay so
say good but the nightmare realm or
whatever they call it with the nightmare
room with all the poison and the squids
and you have to go through the lecture
building to get there this is something
you it's something you have not seen the
who building the squids lecture billing
yeah there's squid monsters in a poison
like oh sure oh yeah listen we've all
been there but on a second 1220 thank
you for subscribing we very much
appreciate it and baby Slayer 156 thank
you for subscribing we very much
appreciated subscription so nice we hear
what the fuck toys that's true that's
true i am nah all right i got i got a
retreat you're everything you're hearing
them through my microphone but i just
muted that sound so hopefully you won't
hear them twice anymore I just I i have
also i got to a really neat part of
blood-borne and I've been farming as
well recently yeah it's it's been but it
is that what the rent dogs you were
talking about that I'm unfamiliar one I
can't believe you haven't gone to the
red dogs yet Oh Billa hecka thank you
for subscribing we very much appreciated
10 months in a row very exciting I'm
just going to start a new game
yes what are we playing this is this is
a game I I've been I've been kind of
like watching this game for a little bit
now it's called Titan Souls you said
this is a gay sex simulator this is it
what that's the gates I don't you later
and a liar just met but ok it's a game
I've been paying attention to really
really hard Cora Dan Miller thank you
for subscribing we very much appreciate
it no this this game has a very
interesting history yeah also tell me
tell me I wanna
what audio is like now
the chat I'm assuming your desk yeah
Chad now that the game has started how
is audio levels with me rolling around I
did I saw that Shoji Tabuchi is coming
to mana to walk rich all my Shoji
Tabuchi is coming to Wisconsin we should
go I've never been so excited in my life
we did no he's not okay so here's the
thing with this game this game was made
originally in 2013 as part of a game jam
and if you don't know what a game jam is
it's basically like the 48 hour film
festival but for game design right they
got a um they get a concept and they get
48 hours to make a game right and the
concept for this was you only have one
that's all I got right one what that it
doesn't matter that they said that's the
sentence they got nough said now make a
game it's all okay with this game you
play as this little guy and you only get
one arrow that's the stick of the game
arrow arrow arrow you get one arrow and
that is your only means of attacking and
so there there are two buttons that you
know obviously there's move but then
there's roll and you know which also
rungs and then there's shoot your arrow
and that's it and you only get one arrow
and so then after you shoot it you have
to like go and pick it up and the other
neat thing about this game that I here I
haven't played very much yet Bona bought
the the neat thing about this game that
here is it's only boss fights like
there's no there's no mini bosses
there's no like regular henchmen geysers
only boss fights and there's no like
upgrades or anything so you have to go
through the whole game with just one
arrow ok it seems like I'm exactly my
kind of jam
yet sounds amazing one arrow why do you
pick you can I'm assuming you could pick
the arrow up oh well you have to yeah
that's that's the chick you can either
pick the arrow up or you can press the
shoot button and the arrow kinda get
sucked back to you but while you shoot
and while you suck the arrow back you
can't move and so then like each it's
and also each monster is one hits to
kill and so it's like figuring out how
to beat the monsters it looks very
exciting i haven't played much of it yet
but i'm really excited just to fart
around with it for a little bit which is
why i want to play it today so that's
all
that is that is all of the game
that's amazing it's you know it's it's
not what can you can you lose the arrow
I don't believe so or perhaps you can
and then you just die okay so like this
but that I fought this boss before this
is this is the only boss that I fought
before and it's a gue monster and you
have to shoot its heart oh my god the
boom on Stern you have to shoot his
heart and you can't get caught in its
goo or else it slows you down why shop
and riches find one more yeah i keep
getting murdered why do i keep getting
murdered i keep getting caught in some
kind of paralysis beam oh the squid
monsters yeah you can Dodger all those
paralysis beams by the way like when
you're in them no no you have to but I
mean you can like dodge roll like either
like under them or around them yeah yeah
yeah so those paralysis people like
those little cthulhu monsters suck and
they suck inside
yep
yeah yeah I just losing inside just
makes the game so I means I won't be
able to summon people with a multiplayer
aspect that I have no interest in I so
in win winner I wonder if something
happens if you lose all of your insight
you can't upgrade anymore because the
doll goes in out of it oh is that it
yeah you know what I like but that can't
just be just pop open a madman's ad man
and whatever hmm yeah madman's an
insight or mad man's knowledge yeah
whatever public okay that hasn't
happened yet I haven't lost that much
inside that cool monster did have the
capacity for love but so like this is
the thing with the you know like I
needed to shoot it enough times to make
it split enough to okay so with every
boss you got a finger I had to kill it
I'm here's what I'm going to assume this
is what i'm gonna guess there's a block
there's a bomb a monster shaped like a
cube in a room with a cube pattern on
the floor I think this thing is going to
roll yep okay 00 big ivy
Oh vago dog I must say the audio is
really good tonight thank you ba Murdock
we we do listen to feedback and we are
working on we are working on getting it
next to next big thing is getting it to
work
studio which figure no no we're gonna
take time I make no guarantees I'm
saying it's we're it's gonna be bad
forever and ever we're gonna try rich
and you're gonna have to deal with it we
doesn't want to try ah the honest truth
is we don't really care enough to
despite despite what we actually say we
don't really care Jack does Thanks yeah
bitch I'm giving you the straight dope
we don't care and you just you know you
can kind of hear it's fine it's a lot of
effort to you know do things mm-hmm it's
much easier to not do things so i always
find fighted pleasant to not just not do
things that well you know what then you
never have to worry about doing things
no no which is nice it's nice apparently
that's nothing ok can I go underneath
they give me little vines to climb down
and I can apparently swim in water but
it didn't do anything no ever does I
never swimming in water sometimes it
does something sometimes it does
something
jack is playing jack is playing Richard
rich is calling in while also apparently
slice for playing blood-borne which is
fine which is fine i will wait till he's
done and then we can you talk about
stuff we're talking right now god I know
I know oh did I miss him subs do I see
that one I see Ed boron thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
let me go back
I see Shakespeare thank you for
subscribing you know I hope we live up
to your Lydia we really appreciate I
have no joke I'm sorry okay oh yes we
will get 2 trailer talk rich I'm sure
you've seen all the trailers yeah it's
fine well it's fine what what am I
supposed to say it's a trailer for that
movie that everybody wants see already
whoops Oh makes it completely redundant
hype hype machine's the thing or that
everybody is already hyped for well away
well first of all which trailer are you
talking about the star wars the star
moisture yeah although eat the Batman
nobody cares about Batman vs Superman
people people can or not really people
care about it I don't know why Quinn
some niak thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciate it um no you know
what here's here
here's the thing about the Star Wars
trailer is uh I didn't like I didn't
like old homme ya know I don't like
Obama you know why he's an old man well
guess what Jack plus he's an old man
yeah I want hon to be an old man it's
too late you can't do anything about
that I can't do anything about him do
you know man no you can't I guess I just
hope these I hope he's not in the movie
that much he will be okay I've heard he
is I don't know if it's true but
boom he just seems like old Harrison for
ya I just console was like like cynical
and snarky he was just a friendly warm
old man who said we're home joy I know
you won't you know what feel like hansel
exactly didn't feel like Hansel and it
was the flippant comment uh yeah and to
of course should we look different he's
all do like no it's it's my problem
isn't that their old one of my biggest
complaint with Star Trek the Star Trek
yep which you know the first one I
thought was a fine movie my biggest
problem with it was all of the wink and
nods well the whole purpose of the first
wish is to be a nostalgia trip right
left without the link in the nods you
don't have much well you you could have
it you could have had a decent sci-fi
story and a decent action movie with
that's like that's like complaining
because your convertible has an open
roof no that's like complaining if my
convertible only had an open roof I
could if I couldn't close a convertible
that's my else my complaint don't buy a
convertible no no but uh I wanted a
convertible it was designed around
nostalgia sure it was designed around
nostalgia but the Winx and the nods were
so were so in your face you know like
like when he when he meets bones and
he's like my wife left me she took all
my money now all I got is my bones you
know where's the come on man yeah I know
come on man well he's called bones
because of old Sawbones right hold tight
be kind of name for a doctor right and
hahahaha future his nickname is the
old-timey doctor named since it's cute
as Travis Tevez he runs the reason he
was called bones sure
okay but but that's my problem with it
is is it's it's so it's nostalgia that's
so in your face and I don't want that to
happen and so like the rest of the
trailer I was really excited about it
looks really neat I suppose I'm not very
excited about it looks good and then and
then you see Harrison Ford and it's like
oh no they're going to nostalgia us my
opinion is exactly the same as with the
teaser yes except for now we know that
there's going to be this nostalgia
factor here's here's the only new new
input i have about the star wars star
wars trailer okay well then that's start
destroy your crash start astoria looks
neat yeah yeah that's that's that's the
only thing I have to add haha alright
you don't usually see Star Destroyers
crashed in the desert
hey don't keep a don't keep a kill count
I'm gonna dial on I think that's kind of
the point of this game I'm gonna die
death is gonna happen and apparently i'm
going to die to this monster pod we
talked about doing a sequel video to
rich Evans react but looks like we had
nothing to add that trailer didn't
really add anything to make fun of and
there was nothing new we could do with
the the joke of me overreacting so it's
like okay I guess we can't do anything
with us like right when it's like part
of the joke I think with your first
reaction video is kind of making fun of
reaction videos I know like and so then
it's like making another reason right
yeah i think i got this i think if i can
dodge its first place
Oh
so I I have been watching dirty you have
been yeah I'm excited about that for for
spoiler purposes how far have you gotten
into which I finish it so I thought I
will not spoil anything I'm worried I'm
worried about the chat don't simple
don't spoil anything Oh mommy John want
to talk about if I want to talk about
things how I mean it's been out for a
while oh oh so thank you Elvis ah no
body thank you for subscribing we very
much appreciate it and white privileged
Mexican thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciate it and thank you
Elvis for pointing out the subscribers
that I missed uh have you finished it
rich I am two episodes away from
finishing okay um you know I'm torn
you're torn I yeah okay I what are you
torn about I hate the kingpin fuck you
you are so wrong I hate the kingpin you
are so wrong he's the best part of that
show here's here's my problem with the
kingpin yo man can hear hear hear if you
wanna if you want to tune out of this
this stream for like 10 minutes cuz I
hey just in case I let something slip
I'm gonna you know I movies vague as I
can I think I definitely won't spoil
anything specific if it and you know
what if you're talking about the first
couple of episodes that doesn't count as
pie that's just world building but yeah
no no not my problem is everyone treats
the kingpin like who's this horrible
threat this
you know he's such a horrible thing that
Matt Murdock is like he's going to see
priests because he thinks the only way
he can deal with the kingpin is probably
to murder him yeah and so far the only
thing the King Ben wants to do is he
wants to build a few buildings he's not
he's not terrible when we first when we
first meet Wilson Fisk he's at a very
pleasant date yeah and yet everyone
treats him like the most horrible threat
that that the world has ever faced and
no and and and you know like we have to
stand strong to stand against this
kingpin he's he's invulnerable he's
invulnerable and then they cut to the
King fencing is empires crumble it's
just crumbling down around him so you're
he just wants to go on a date his empire
scrambling down around you're not
counting the fact that he's organized
several different mobs and is taking
over the city bit by bit and that he's
murdered people with his bare hands he
didn't organize those mobs those mobs
existed okay he United them he didn't he
didn't gather together a bunch of
Russians and tell them to start
kidnapping people in New York they just
started doing that he he got them
involved in some kind of crime syndicate
but he did not instigate any of that
behavior no no but he made them more
powerful the kingpin has had a few
people murdered you know he's not had a
few people murdered he has murdered
people with his bare hands is he crazy
murdered that wasn't a killer it doesn't
matter he's a he's he's a violent he's
like a baby's brain has ever seen and
that our heroes are just they don't know
how to deal with us this horrible
horrific threat that he threw it up he
blew up a Russian kidnapping mob and
then he had a few other mobsters
murdered he did arrange for the murder
of one old lady but that's that's hardly
he level a threat that everybody treats
he is blowing up building and sure it's
true those buildings belong to the bad
guys Bob he is still blowing up
buildings in a city rich is saying I'm
informing Lisa what rich is saying right
now rich is saying that he doesn't like
the kingpin
he's at fucking wrong it would be okay
if wait wait wait here's what I'm sup
yeah if that works if it were like a
whole separate series just about Wilson
Fisk yeah it was like it'd be
interesting i agree i would also want a
whole separate series sdn is a
antagonist in daredevil he says he's a
weak antagonist he's weak sauce he's
saying he's a weekend I gonna see you at
least it says you can't come over
anymore you're I mean you're you're
absolutely wrong his is he his empire is
crumbling on around him and thanks ru
thanks to her hero no fail on his own
he's gonna fail because business is
co-learning against fat thanks to our
hero who is doing a good job of breaking
up his crime syndicate because he's so
evil I like no I like everything else
about the series I like I I like mad
Murdock I like Karen page I love foggy
Nelson yeah fuck is great I love
everything about the series III love the
fight scenes no yeah i love i love the
makeshift costume here's my other
worried with the series i haven't quite
gotten there yet ah i love his makeshift
outfit and i'm dreading him putting on
that ridiculous looking superhero suit
here's here's the real thing I've it
looks ridiculous and that makes shift
one so pretty and great and real and
then he's gonna put on like sponge
costume with fancy useless shapes coming
out of it here you ok and you can inform
the chat we are no longer going to talk
about spoilers because I saw you that
for majestic stunt spoilers done all
spoilers done even if that was a little
spoiler ish
okay so here's my the one give I will
get you give you about Wilson Fisk as
the kingpin is I don't like his plan
which is why was the city nice but is
not the villainous threat he needs to be
he is the villainous that he needs to be
what I don't like about his plan is it's
been done twice before in other
superhero movies his plan of we need to
tear down this city to build it fresh is
the exact same plot of the first season
of arrow and as the exact same plot of
batman begins right yeah but in Batman
Begins the plot was to murder everybody
he kingpin has like offered people in in
these slummy apartments money hey hey
we're done if you know there's been a
few idiots who haven't taken him up on
his offer that's that's that's the major
evil his victims major crime so far is
he he offered four people money for
their shitty homes so he could make the
city now well and so the this is what
i'm saying is i think his i think his
plan is a little weak him as a character
is not and i think i think you're I
think you're not paying enough attention
I hate the way he talks to oh my god
it's so I nerving he'd know all of his
all of his mannerisms and the way he
speaks just puts you on edge and it
makes you it makes you like twitch and
cringe whenever he talks and it's so
off-putting it's beautiful see to me it
just seems like he's a little slow
upstairs that's really funny yeah um
here's so here's the other thing he beat
from four to work for me he would need
to be the the monster when I ironclad
control of the city who was just
completely ruthless and willing to do
terrible things and I grew a nice man
falls in love with a woman and wants to
build some nice buildings like but oh
so many things
the evil here's the other thing because
we're gonna we're talking about the suit
and there's no spoiling with the suit
because you see the red suit in the net
oh yes kiss the ants that's not a
spoiler all and it looks terrible and
here's a relative to what he has which
is so great and pretty and wonderful and
I think we should start some sort of
campaign to make sure they make that
suit look better because I've watched
the whole series and I've seen him in
the suit and its way uglier than you
think oh really it's awful it's awful
and if I have to watch him wear that
suit I will not watch it's so gross I
just I can't stand it when people are
like basically terrified of Wilson Fisk
be the protagonist and he just himself
no like like like the Met Murdock is
terrified or lie not terrified pick the
biggest threat ease of her face Karen
page is terrified if a week we have to
do something to stop the kingpin you
can't give up any Erick we have to stop
them wrench we're done we're done
talking about that we did we disagree
and you're wrong everyone knows you're
right there's no hate it there's no be
right here I hate what everyone treats
him like a threat when he's not shown to
really be a horrible beast of evil I
know mr. shy smile I don't want to tell
rich that he'll he'll get there he's
still gonna you're gonna you're gonna
finish watching it oh yeah yeah yeah so
he'll get it does I'm enjoy I'm enjoying
everything except for the king bed I
just you can't be more wrong personal
opinion get me or wrong your personal
opinion can't be more on teleki pretty
well yeah yeah I know I know I'm being a
bit of a jerk
and I'm sorry about that I did I
disagree with you heartily how about
that I think I've I'm sure there's
monsters around here somewhere so I'm on
to like the second stage a dick neutral
once you start watching like the the red
suit Netflix uses as yeah like the
subjects there's no there's no spoiler
there like when you start watching
daredevil you'll see the red suit in the
Netflix thumbnail so there's no spoiling
it's ugly as hell it's the it's the
grossest relative to what he wears yes I
love otherwise I love his black ninja
like bought at a sporting goods store
outfit I think that is so cool mmm and
it fits the series yes and yes and it
fits kind of like the whole nature of
this like but now he's a superhero show
he needs to rubber shoot how I feel
fucking hate ya know the red suit has
got to go the red suit has got to go
amiss primal says Jack what is it like
to be right for once it feels great it
feels great knowing that I'm right if
this is how you guys felt about the
Farscape I'm sorry or I'm not because it
made you feel very right I'm not saying
I hate the series oh I know I know we're
just we're just teasing you I just
everything as far as I'm concerned I
would watch I would watch a show called
the Fisk's and just like watch Vincent
D'Onofrio be Wilson Fisk and be awful
and evil if it was not that awful and
evil I mean we won't get into it but
you're wrong he's done horrible things
but he's done horrible things to some
really shitty people are there other
than like a clearly a few except we're
not we're not don't worry we're not
bringing it up anymore I didn't say what
he did that wasn't a sport error error
does suck bread oh you don't want to
talk about it because you don't like my
opinion
want to talk about because I don't want
us to get into spoiler and we said no
more spoilers all right ah there oh okay
I see I see I see what I have to do
classic get behind the monster classic
get behind the monster okay in a bit I
watched the first season of arrow
because i like i like superhero stuff in
general and you know there just wasn't
any superhero series going on right now
and so it's like a arrows on netflix i
watched it it's terrible I mean not
terrible i don't want to say it's
terrible it's just what you know what it
is it's cheap and it's cheesy when every
time you die it's to hold on well every
time you die there's a big splat noise
and the music like the the epic boss
battle music abruptly cuts off and it's
very fun yeah it's very very fun
in any case arrows fine it was a little
cheesy and after seeing daredevil by
comparison arrow looks incredibly cheap
I Pope fuck bada and you like it it felt
cheap no matter what like this the house
set all the sets and and it was yeah
serious lag lag mustard for rich Evans
says the serious lag nah I that must
between what's going on on the screen
and and what you're saying probably sure
you know maybe that happens since we've
been streaming for a while so I don't
know
I don't know oh oh whoa I got behind it
oh no I know by the way I'm audio lag
yeah audio and video is now out of sync
um I'm sorry there's there's apparently
nothing I can do about that it always is
a little bit right no no I had it synced
up perfectly the vin de there are voices
you're talking about those yet six you
and me no no that's I got it sing
perfectly videos yeah yeah I figured out
the exact millisecond and everyone's I
think you're just talking about you and
me oh wow no and everyone at the
beginning of the stream was like oh yes
you are in sync hooray forget forgetting
things in sync and now I know that's
it's well no there's nothing I can do
about it apparently apparently this is
just it which means you fail which means
I that's that's okay it's okay we
understand oh that's the worst and
apparently my audio is in front of
apparently my audio is in front of the
game so they can hear me oh it's normal
again great okay ah ok parents work
great everything's I'm know like great
it's all good the flash is a little
better than their i do want to watch the
flash the flash isn't on netflix or
anything and I'm not
we got a bullet how this a little bit
Jack's audio is spoiling what's
happening in the video absolutely but
over overall I think we both agree that
daredevil is a good series yes yes and
you should you should watch it you
should want to do it everybody I think
it's really fun I obviously a good night
their handling of Matt Murdock I thought
was pretty damn good yes i love i love
the flashback stuff dad and and other
people yeah yeah
no and you know I think like the other
thing they're showing here is like a
really appropriate way of handling
superheroes in general which is like I
think a lot of they've managed to do a
realistic superhero that's still kind of
fun yeah well and you know what I think
I think the main thing is as far as like
realistic superhero that's also fun is
they when the show starts he's already a
superhero yeah you know we get to know
him as a superhero and then they give us
little pieces of why he's a superhero
whereas I think other other shows or
movies would try to you try to like
start with him as not a superhero and
that gets a little boring I also like
that it's kind of a slow build up to
suit to the desk far as his his origin
it's like a slow build up deciding to
fight crime rather than you know my dad
died when I was eight and I knew that I
wasn't right you know i like i like the
gradual pneus of it were you know he did
just you know I was gonna be a lawyer
for a while that's Sully is going to how
much more like that type lawyer yeah i
know i need to pull the arrow back when
i get behind the boss i can't get behind
the boss i'm working on it they're
asking how much Marvel Universe stuff is
indeed dare to all of it like the and
and I've talked about this before the
main it's a kind of jarring when they
mentioned like the venture stuff oh
makes sense to me like the mange some
it's the same universe are saying the
main plot of it is like rebuilding the
city after the after the events of
Avengers yeah
I was not close to that I gotta figure
out how to get behind this boss ah I do
actually I really want I don't want to
but I want to a little bit like rewatch
a flex their devil yeah my father just
just just to see how dated it is you
know we gotta get him like to come you
need to get him to come closer
oh I present on what there's only two
buttons rich and i pressed i press the
wrong button pull the air oh oh I get it
I get it you're right pull the other I
say no you're not right what you're not
right the chat is right yeah I've been
dumb is basically tomorrow the story
I will say I do like it when Wilson Fisk
looks in a mirror I thought that was
that was neat just just him in general
is great well yeah it work for the him
big the basil be fine so real quick
everyone if you notice I just very
easily because Johnson I forgot about a
thing let's do so so there's only you
only get one error right rich yeah and
you have to put you hold down I'm
playing this on a ps4 so I'm holding
down our one and then you know you let
go of it and you shoot the arrow and
then there's two ways to retrieve their
either you go and pick it up or you hold
down our one again any arrow get sucked
back to you right um and so I've been
like trying to get behind this boss
because you had to hit it in its back
but the chat kept on saying pull the
arrow back to you so you know the arrow
also damages bosses on the way back to
you okay so it was that was you know
what that's a neat trick that is a neat
gimmick and I'd dig that and I dig that
Jack the chat is right Packard sometimes
sometimes you chatters you know what's
good you know what's up
I get my hair back they all hate me
because of daredevil now you know they
all agree that your opinions are wrong
okay no you know what I'm sure some of
them agree with you yeah I don't you
know and we'll wait a little bit longer
well what one will wait until you finish
and then we'll wait a couple more weeks
until everyone has a chance to watch it
and then we can get into some spoiler
heavy daredevil talk well give will give
people jeans but we'll get into more
spoiler every stuff in a couple weeks
sure i don't i don't think finishing it
though is going to change the opinion i
have so far you know we'll see well this
person who wants to build a building is
the biggest monster that has ever
existed because he's trying to build a
building it then no does that doesn't
work for me sorry I'm sorry and you know
I don't want to talk about the lunch or
else we're going to get into spoilers
all right
satta boss that's not a boss there's a
save point
there's a most kind of thing
I'm just asking a lot of worms does it
go because I don't yes I don't need like
Ethel I you I would only soon oh this
looks like a boss a gold boss this is a
gold pass
what does that mean a gold boss miss
room has like giant gold coins in it
okay but apparently no boss oh oh that
did something oh I'm this is the boss
are you Boston oh I think I found a
hidden thing you can always talk about
David Hasselhoff I didn't watch it i
know david hasselhoff as a ridiculous
music video out or something I didn't
watch it I'm sorry we can talk about
Batman vs Superman did you see ya
whatever Oh might I don't care level on
that one is pretty high pretty high yeah
i'm gonna go ahead and agree with you um
Batman's one-liner what was a Duke you
bleed you will I'm stupid yeah why do
you think Zack Snyder has turned
Superman into a menacing demigod in a
creepy watchman way because he doesn't
turn just because the dark knight made
500 billion dollars yeah and now
everything has to be edgy and dark yeah
the one of them I was I was talking with
his about with Lisa the other day and
one of the best things about Batman and
Superman team-ups isn't how opposite
their personalities are Yeah right like
Batman is your your dark silent gridding
hero and Superman is is your boy scout
you know he just wants everyone to be
happy yeah and so instead of this Odd
Couple team up that that makes them
working together fun you're going to
have Batman as a dark brooding superhero
and you're going to have Superman as the
other dark brooding superhero but
they're gonna make that and twice as
violent yes
oh my jesus christ and uh they'll be
punching go and Batman I'll have an Iron
Man suit which is great call back so
we've seen that called that
which Superman should still be able to
tear apart like tissue paper because you
know Superman normally doesn't have any
problem tearing apart metal with his
bare hands yeah so it shouldn't matter
that Batman is wearing two right
absolutely so it's it's gonna it's gonna
be dumb it's it's going to be done I
bought by the way we knew that before
production began because it's made by
the same people that made Madame cnl a
man of steel's yeah so there's no again
there's no shock there's no shocker
surprise what is what it is oh oh oh my
god yeah so did everyone else yeah oh i
know i'm not i'm not saying i was the
only one to call him being in an iron
man dude I thought we talked about it on
I previously recorded are talking about
Superman being able to tear apart middle
yeah somebody in the chat saying depends
upon what type of metal all right now
even if it's some kind of fictional DC
metal that's indestructible even if
Batman is wearing a suit made out of
destroyable taniam the second Superman
hits him with a sledge hammer fist the
max buildings down Batman's brain is
going to be mush yeah even if Superman
doesn't manage to dentists helmet right
because Batman's brain is still made out
of brain right do you remember when
Superman was able to knock down entire
buildings by punching a guy yes remember
what he accidentally destroyed
metropolis yeah um so let's say this
let's say Batman has some sort of bat
cushion right in his bat suit that that
means that Superman can't hurt it right
okay then Superman could probably just
throw him really fun
because Superman is all as an
all-powerful demigod so how long can
Batman breathe in space right that's
that's the question you know what my
guess is rich not very long no it's it's
it doesn't it just it just doesn't
matter it just doesn't matter it's it's
going to be the movie we all think it's
going to be and it's going to make a lot
of money mm-hmm and we should all feel
very sad about that because it's not
going to be very good
hope
nah
to fight Superman teasin well Vin Diesel
one of those is a cartoonish implausible
character and the other one is super map
but but down from but dump dump I tried
I tried to make that was a good no rich
that was a good joke I mean ever we all
saw we all saw that come up with that
yeah I yeah like that damn but I
appreciate that hey Krieger 783 thank
you for subscribing we very much
appreciate it
yeah that's when I need to hit when he
throws it when he Spitz a coin at me is
when I need to hit him with my arrow
this is what I'm thinking because he
opens its a giant treasure chest and
he's spitting coins at me and so when he
opens his treasure chest mouth to spit a
coin at me I you have to hit him with my
arrow but I got to be super fast
Superman for better than man of steel
they're both in the opposite ends of
crap yes Superman for might be enjoyable
in some fashion though even if it's like
watching bad movies enjoyable
I can get me coin box no oh you got what
yeah it looks cute what your your game
nigga you know what it is cute
admittedly admittedly I enjoyed pixel
art games and so it's just like for me
it's great I think we've already talked
about its own is saying how will DC try
two copies mark copy Marvel success with
daredevil here's the most glorious thing
about daredevil is daredevil has
accomplished everything DC has been
trying to do with gritty realistic
superheroes yeah daredevil their hair
down and simple and gritty as fuck it's
great dare devil is Batman without a
money which makes it infinitely more
interesting
yes at least as far as the main carrier
but far as Matt Murdock vs. blue suede
is concerned big being a broke man
wearing like the sweatshirt and and a
makeshift mask and just gets the shit
beat out of him haha yeah it's more
interesting i love the fact that he's
gotten the shit beat on multiple of
taste yes oh yes by the way I don't even
think you've seen the best one yet no
and more so like tonally tonally it's
very dark it's very gritty it's very
realistic it is it is everything DC has
been trying to do and failing at because
they don't understand their characters
why don't you know they succeeded with
the dark night they had some successes
sure i want to say sans dark night
because that was Nolan I don't think
that was d you know that wasn't yeah
okay DC making
that's pretty much all they got yeah
yeah yeah and they've been trying to
emulate that success and fame I don't oh
ok I see he has a towel I guess you can
call daredevil the most successful
invitation of the Dark Knight yeah I
think you could they've succeeded
veteran replicating DC's formula than DC
has right isn't it great the is it sits
where it is doesn't it feel great or
that it fills me with schadenfreude ax
I'm you know if DC wants to make fun
show I'm fine with that but they haven't
I know how I'm supposed to kill the
treasures i just found its tell the
treasure chest has a towel he does a
little he does a little backflip e when
he spits his thing
oh and so I need to hit that without
dying I need to hit that without dying
and I haven't done that yet you do that
thing I'm doing it the flash is quite
fun I've heard I've heard I've heard
good things about the flash and as soon
as it comes to any sort of streaming
service i am going to watch it because
in general i'm a fan of superhero stuff
so i know nothing about the flash i
guess i knew nothing about the arrow
either so
maybe that's not out
seems like I'm supposed to
ha
I think I just keeping missing you
oh I think I keep missing him did this
clever thing you're supposed to do I
don't it could be a clever thing I'm
supposed to do you know what rich and
just don't know you can only hit him
when he does to such a--such I bet well
I think that's the thing I and I and I
don't think I've hit him yet I don't
think I've hit them they tried
light-hearted with green lantern and
that was a piece of shit I mean coming
that a piece of shit as being pretty
generous two pieces of shit at least at
least shit serves a function you know it
removes stuff from your body I haven't
cured us father saying it Oh God oh it's
way worse he doesn't make my my list of
favorite superheroes Green Lantern
I think it's a neat idea
it's you know what debris may turn is it
is
superhero created by an artist because
the original green lantern good luck
well-liked was a failed artist and he
just drew stuff and that's how he got
good at his powers you know his
imagination was his power see original
you're talking about the Golden Age
Green Lantern he was an artist one of
them or maybe maybe I was still her age
Green Lantern you're thinking of you
thinking of that the no no no you're
thinking of the 90s one cock Kyle what's
his face Raynor the one the one who took
over for hell Jordan once Hal Jordan
went sent Amber Lee other Green
Lantern's and I thought hell George
that's the one you're thinking of huh I
thought how Jordan was the later one in
the original one well that was there's
been there's been many green lanterns oh
my gosh I'm sure scuss got something
Scott Lang Scott oh I I don't remember
but he had a green lantern with like a
red costume and a weakness to would Kyle
Rayner was the artist who made green
