Super Ultra Mega Jay's Movie Giveaway
October 28, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HnaelyB3fxk

okay I know I know someone suggested
that we we move the camera higher up
what knob we right now we don't have a
stand up here for the camera we can do
that if you want to wait another 20
minutes for us to get started
it's fine how about fuck you it's what
I'm putting out there okay
so here's here's the game I I got this
app Lisa and I we're talking about
movies that were appropriate for our
children and another parents suggested
the kids media app because it kind of
tells you basic stuff about movies swear
words that are in it the violence that's
in it whether or not it's appropriate
for what children as we were reading
through some movies we discovered that
it has a slight conservative Christian
lean to it it considers taking the
Lord's name in vain a swear word okay
and wearing socks huh I don't have shoes
on that's plainly obvious this is
terrible well that's on you you may know
somebody the batter they stir right on
my crotch or or you could just let shoes
out or you could put using like an adult
the camera is almost focused on my
crotch this is a disaster this is
turning into an absolute disaster so Jay
should we readjusted oh it's not focused
on her just garage I don't know how you
know it's it's fine keep your sock up or
put your shoes on or put your shoes for
fuck's sake you proves you lost you need
the kids media app um we should be
lagless now so it's fine and in the coke
advertise and the correct it's listen
the lag is not going to be perfect
that's just how it works we have a video
source in an audio source it's not going
to sync up perfectly does it usually
sync up when you do camera close enough
we're usually like usually we put us
like small and in the corner and so it's
close enough okay and usually we're
streaming from Rich's computer and not
my laptop I see so there's many there's
many differences today okay so salting
in it
faster resulting in a just horrible
disaster so basically what we've done in
the break time is we've compiled a list
of movies with what we think are very
funny descriptions in the kids media app
and we will start describing the movie
without describing any of the main
characters anything specifically that
happens in the movie the first person
subscriber or not for this first round
this is this first round is open to
everyone
to name this movie wins a copy of oh we
have a very old DVD copy of Creepshow
this is the old I don't even know what
you call this type of case
but the cardboard case with the little
plastic flap but George Romero's classic
Creepshow this is is essential October
viewing
I hate those shitty cases yeah this is
like the early days of DVD I would
actually take like whenever I ended up
with a copy like that with a cardboard
case yeah I would just find a generic
DVD case and I would cut out like the
code reinserted I think this is the only
one I've ever had that's like this
whatever reason I ended up with a ton of
those yeah yeah Creepshow it regardless
of the shitty case it's a great movie so
international or US only they're asking
ooh
International shipping or anyone this
this is open to everyone okay all right
that could get expensive well it's a
giveaway we're giving this given we're
giving a lot of way we're giving away
more than we thought we're good okay so
here is our first movie JJ would you
like to read the first one sure so this
is in the sex I have to I have to know
what we're doing oh so sure it's the so
it's this is in the sex category of the
kids media app okay go JJ go okay
Android's try to force sex on teenage
girls but are unsuccessful lewd
reference to being excited when a
character sees a photo of a female
that's great mmm so now you can go into
any of the other categories as they're
specific when I should go into violence
had a good one okay in the violence
quatre in red shield just yell out if
somebody gets it right okay so this is
under violence some gnarly robot
behavior we got it up the dude 1944 Bill
and Ted's bogus journey is correct
the dude 1944 I will write down your
name this is gonna go really quick I
think so the dudes anyone else thinks
think Bill & Ted's bogus journey is
better than bill says excellent
adventure okay good I'm glad I'm not the
only one I did to defend Bill & Ted's
bogus journey recently you were there oh
yeah at the after the what had American
summer screening I had to defend Bill &
Ted's bogus journey who was talking shit
about that again oh I remember who was
talking shit about a bunch of shit
talkers we're talking shit about Bill &
Ted's bogus journey okay the dude 1944 I
have your name I will send you a message
for your address later that was built is
what else was funny in this also in the
violence category some gnarly robot
behavior including pulling skin apart to
expose robot parts hidden underneath
punching and a perilous fall that kills
two main characters yeah our heroes died
20 minutes into the movie apparently I
just found out because I've been like
rewatching a bunch of old Tales from the
Crypt episodes and I haven't gone to
this one but I heard about it somewhere
recently cuz William Sadler plays the
Grim Reaper and Dolan says biggest
journey
apparently he reprises his role as the
Grim Reaper on a random-ass episode of
Tales from the Crypt really yeah I think
he's just playing against like the Crypt
creeper in the opening but he is the
Phantom Reaper I this does ring
something okay I got a train I got to
find out what episode this is so I can
rewatch it cuz he's the best part of
that movie okay looking up our next
movie yeah he's great as the Crypt is
the Grim Reaper
nope that's not how you do that have we
said or have you said earlier that these
are all spooky Halloween movies I'll be
giving away all the move that we're
giving away not the movies that word
yeah no no no not the not the clues just
the the DVDs were giving away so it's
spooky Halloween give away yeah okay
here J someone's saying it's the Tales
from the Crypt movie no William Sadler
is in bordello of blood but he's not
playing the Grim Reaper supposedly is
playing basically the exact same Grim
Reaper from Bill & Ted's bogus journey
on an episode of Tales from the Crypt
oh well now we have to find that episode
oh yes go go forth Chet find the episode
tell us what episode it is okay let's
get let's get the room in slow mode for
our next movie what's what's next oh
right I need to tell you first or here
you can just see where we're saying oh
yeah yeah you know oh do we have to sit
we're giving away oh yeah yeah so Jay
what's our next movie next up is the
Anchor Bay release of up closer okay of
reanimate er this is a two-disc DVD of
reanimate er one of my favorite horror
movies just at its 30th anniversary last
week
okay now we're fighting for reanimate er
this is a good one Jays personal copy
why are you giving this away because
this is all shit I've liked upgraded to
blu-ray ah okay sure
okay in this is in the let so the game
is starting now this is in the language
category for our next movie in the
language category frequent cursing hell
damn it god damned pissed off Jesus fart
red ass son of a bitch bullshit
bastard dipshit holy shit an asshole
that doesn't give a lot of information
that is a lot of swearing though that is
a lot of swearing in the violence
Department let's see here
all
don't wait was that the good one is this
open to everyone Jess's this is open to
everyone okay this is open to everyone
let's see here this is in the sex
category one gentle kiss some mild
sexual innuendo with one characters
continued misuse of words and
expressions that gives you some more
information let's see oh no we did
language already violence all cartoon
fantasy violence cars equipment
mannequins blow up lots of gunfire
though no one is hit or injured except
robots who almost always bounce back
physical scuffles on two occasions
between young between a young woman and
ex-boyfriend three stooges hits and
slaps in several video expert excerpts
runaway trucks cause cartoon mayhem
machine gun and laser attack I got on
robots and luminescence 9 short circuit
that's correct I thought we had a
funnier one for that one but apparently
not what was in the other categories
yeah I was looking at that now hold on I
feel like that's a mostly forgotten
movie now sure it's a better game it
should not be it should not be I agree
luminescence gets it now I have to find
the exact spelling of luminescence name
so give me one moment
where are you luminescence
l um I n yes si ence nine did they do
say something
yeah oh I see it great luminescence you
are getting a copy of reanimate er I
will message you shortly now it should
be noted because last time we play this
without prizes there was an issue we're
just reading what the app says about the
movie if the app has incorrect
information that's on the app the game
is the game as we read the app and you
guess the movie based on that they get
the information wrong sorry that is true
that is true okay so this next one if
the mods could put in a sub only mode we
are going to do a sub only subscriber
only game oh yeah there's had some good
ones in it I think you're gonna read
this one but let's see here oh that's
right Oh sometimes you need to hold the
Apple kiss I think there's a good one in
the sex category yes
so this has a good one guys edit
messages okay maybe start off in the
language and violence oh been starting
off in language and violence a lot okay
take it we'll take a look alright
that's oh yeah this is for the West
Craven horror collection r.i.p it has
the serpent in the rainbow which is a
great movie shocker which is a Larry
hilariously bad movie and the people
under the stairs which is sort of weird
and good okay
the Western horror collection so this is
for sub only uh and what category are we
starting in rich
oh you know what there's yeah I guess
we'll just yeah starting some of the
more general stuff and then move I think
okay
I'll jump around if I think something's
too spoilery I'll avoid it absolutely
okay here we go uh drinking drugs and
smoking use of and scenes depicting the
effect of many drugs what could it be I
don't know right okay let's go just go
just go right to sex then father makes
unwanted sexual advances towards his
daughter a man performs oral sex on a
woman while on a car hood language
constant swearing violence constant and
vivid depictions of graphic murders
torturer positive role models main
characters are killers and meant to be
as bad as humans and gifts and oh and
mall radical positive messages none the
point of the movie may be to criticize
the media for glorifying violence but it
does this through more and more
over-the-top violence clouding the
message for many viewers especially
younger viewers mall rat Cole you get
the West Craven collection you get three
movies what what one of them is good one
and a half is good right people into the
stairs is pretty good oh that's a fun
spy movie huh you know that is by moving
to to Twin Peaks actors are in that hmm
oh that's right
lots of swearing oh that's right this
this okay quietly question so so this is
see that yeah okay J Oh what oh so we
can take it we can take it actually no
mods let's do let's do one more sub only
this is another sub only guess Ju
what are we playing for uh this is for
the full moon classic demonic toys I'm
sorry one demonic toys written by David
s Goyer who went on to write the Dark
Knight so really you know you gotta
start somewhere
well there you go demonic toys did you
guys see that like it's one of the
better full moon movies from the 90s
it's it's yeah it's it's not terrible
he's got it's got his moments it's not I
mean it's goofy but arrabal we never
said what the movie was it was Natural
Born Killers oh sorry
so ho won't even say who knows well I
saw the right answer and that's all I it
was Natural Born Killers that probably
should've been on me because I was
reading it but I assumed you would read
you're reading about I am I'm very sorry
it was Natural Born Killers onto our
next movie for demonic tales I'm not
sure if that's a prize but if that's
just a kin to a no prize it's uh it's
okay okay and here we go under the sex
category of this movie the heroine wears
a succession of revealing and sexy
outfits in one scene with exaggerated
erect nipples under her blouse in
another with her large breasts acting as
punching bags I think that's all no no
Reba is that that's all you need to
really be enough
you guys can do it God Lando was taken
kingpin kingpin kingpin you just stop
reading him after that huh well you just
stop reading after that huh that's all
yeah that's all you need
much much more breasts as punching bags
was taken gets demonic toys and the rest
of it it goes on to be a little more
specific and so that's why I really
stopped reading
Roy's landlady forces him to have sex
with her we just see the aftermath with
Roy throwing up from disgust plus a
recurring lewd gesture from the landlady
that implies oral sex that's true
beautiful women get fondled on the fanny
and on the bosom a lot a character makes
a bull mistakes a bowl for a cow and
milks it off screen glimpses of a lap
dancer in lingerie and a hint that a
minor character is sexually attracted to
farm critters what a weird way it should
be written very like clinical and and
but like that's a odd way to put on
critters yeah that makes it too personal
yeah that's saying they haven't seen it
it's it's a really good movie about
failure yeah it is failure and awful
people yeah yeah kingpins the only one
of the Farrelly Brothers movies from
that era that I think still holds up I
love her movies feel very dated I like
it I'm not a huge Farley brothers
finally or fairly fairly fairly Nikes
fan I don't hate their movies yeah no
that's that's the rest of ya yeah well
if you want to know more about kingpin
here's the the positive messages oh of
kingpin in addition to the overall bad
behavior shown by Roy part of the
narrative is the gradual introduction of
a religious youth to sinful pleasures
like liquor scamming smoking and
dancers a priest or someone pretending
to be one acts acts poorly towards a
sexy blonde an arrogant sports champ
uses his athletic standing for sex and
the climax holds the lesson that good
guys don't always finish first that's a
good message that's a goodness that's
what I like about that movie I guess if
you're listening to this music because
there's a spoiler he loses it's all a
big build-up to the final match and he
loses cuz he's a loser it's great cuz
he's okay yeah yeah Bill Murray the
biggest asshole he's the one that was
huge his asshole he's the winner of the
money the women never punished for his
bad so nope
where was the good one in this oh yeah
there's some good ones in you ah oh yeah
I'm just dude dude - dude okay so it's
this one okay Jay you can do this one um
see it's not like hotter room his sexist
Rocky has some form of emotional moral
victory he finds the girl oh yeah
he's about going the distance he knows
that he's not as good as Apollo Creed
but he wants to go the distance and he
does what he Harrelson just fails have
you guys not seen Rocky is that what's
happening here Rocky's are great have
you seen the trailer for Creed no it
looks great does it yeah I got a soft
spot for it'sit'sit's Creed's son is now
a boxer and Rocky's training Rocky is
essentially Mickey no it looks great it
looks really good yeah Rocky I'm a
sucker for those Rocky movies all well
all of them all of them for different
reasons the first one in the Rocky
Balboa are actually good yeah the
sequels I mean even rocky Balboa's like
that's stretching it a little bit as far
as good movies err cancer
I like it a lot it's Brockie it's rocket
yeah it's nothing but rocky okay this
one mods will be open to everyone okay
open to everyone we're gonna get started
in just seconds but J Oh what movie are
we playing folks this is a good one
this is the never sleep again the Elm
Street Legacy The Nightmare on Elm
Street for our documentary about the
entire series you want to show it to the
camera or whatever you two discs a
greats a great time-waster its
documentary it's like four and a half
hours okay which ones did you say are
good the sex and positive role models
okay let me see I think that one had had
a funny one in it
okay so positive role models the main
character leads a life of crime and his
only good deed involves more crime he
also falls in love with a married woman
and all of his actions result in
violence you had to be shaming the movie
as you read this yes the right thread
spirit okay should should I wait a
little bit oh yeah someone got it
already yep a bunch of people got it
right around Vell velmont FIFA Val Monde
FIFA Gale mo NT FIFA which means they
probably live in Europe so yeah
pay for that one I hope that reminds me
like keep in mind these are all region
one DVDs so unless you have a region
free player if you're out of the country
and you win this you might not be able
to play all the memento by the way does
that could be like a drive it's oh did
we now say to drive a strong let's drive
yeah we want to read some more stuff
from drive roads media app sure so this
is under sex two or three topless women
they don't even have specifics just as
two or three two or three topless women
are on view for a long time during a
nightclub scene the main characters
this even though the woman is already
married some minor flirting and innuendo
as a flirting is bad fairly well because
she's married okay I guess that's the
big thing with the movie is he's hitting
on a married lady okay yeah that's why
well you all signed the copies yeah we
did it if you would like us to it would
be weird for us to sign someone else's
move inside a movie that we had nothing
to do with I don't have they don't own
it until we said it to them
I'm signing it I'm signing them all I
don't care even even if they don't want
us it's too late it's too late I've
signed it ah it's gonna happen as soon
as we turn this camera off Valmont FIFA
you again I'm gonna get a pen right now
so I can start signing these I'll be
back oh my god bye reg rich is gone
which riched
they can see that he left they can't see
they deal on now they can see what we do
it's kind of strange you used to it that
Mon FIFA type something again I want to
double-check that I got your name
correct
why are you he really is going to get a
pen to sign them all oh my goodness even
if you don't want them signed you're
screwed we're sorry there's no stopping
rich
well should we should we continue here
we should I'm waiting for Valmont FIFA
it's out again so that I can as v al em
oh and Valmont people okay great I'm
speaking thank you
never sleep again look okay
he's going for it maybe the ones that
have already been been counted for you
hold out yeah okay what's let's see
what's next year you want gold or silver
fuck I don't giving you gold he's gone
mad folks he's gone mad I'm gonna I'm
gonna sign it right over like like an
important thing what's going on
I'm gonna right over right over here's
Freddie's head yeah I'm gonna sign
Freddie's head
why are you doing this I don't know I
really don't know I've just kind of lost
my mind
sure all right sure he's he's signing
them all he is just this is a thing
that's happening and doing it okay
granny more um okay great
who's watching uh-huh who's watching
what it's your it's you know oh really
I know it's there you're the one how am
I gonna sign all these DVDs without
authorization just do we still have to
shine we start to show the next movie
well Jay what are we playing for now oh
this is a great one this is Frank Kenan
laughter's basket case classic a gritty
gross New York 42nd Street movie about a
man who Siamese twin got separated when
they were children and it's a little
mutant guy that lives in a basket which
one did mall radical when mole rat :
Mall Rocco won the West Craven
collection I will do that for you yes
okay okay so we are playing for bet oh
myyy basket case is great basket case
Jesus classic early eighties
exploitation okay we'll leave mods leave
this one open to everyone again and
we're gonna get started right no no
because I don't know what we're doing oh
it's sure can you see that okay we are
starting to right now in the positive
messages category showing no room
course for their actions two characters
drastically alter the lives of two
complete strangers for their own
personal amusement many characters are
greedy and selfish and indulge in drugs
and alcohol
the film also elevates prostitution as
an acceptable means of earning a living
terrible under the sex category several
scenes of topless women we won the fan
characters okay we got impression to one
person that spelled it right one person
that spelled it wrong are we gonna be
stick loose if they got the if they do
the movie Trading Spaces and then
someone said Trading Places
it's definitely it's definitely not
spaces I know it's not we're not a typo
the typo but was it a typo or no spaces
is a completely different word that's
not just a typo that's just typing the
wrong word okay yeah so we're giving it
to the one for give it to the person
saturating play scroll I don't know how
to use your trackpad oh my I could check
that but I need to sign these DVD covers
unauthorized like give me a moment okay
I'll keep going to loosen one that's a
Trading Spaces is the keel either one
right after it you gone you going like
this up oh yeah there you go
wait keep on keep on this trading place
this that wasn't the oh wait yeah
training place and then none of that is
training place it was one as it's no
space somebody no I see that two
training spaces that's below it somebody
oh did somebody got it earlier I just
miss the training places right there
training place and then trading places
oh wait you're trading places go up
further cuz it's space some that s
somebody did spaces I saw that it's down
there really we're up si now where's
Trading Spaces ai Trading Spaces oh oh
poly clone and then the next one after
that drow we're okay here
yeah trainees faces and then drone okay
in places dr 0ww yep trading places and
now we got a scroll is back down so I
can see the next actual guesses r 0w r
0w w gets basket case you're welcome i
and i do apologize you got a whole
winter of that now now that the
weather's changing that's when that
happens okay and many apologies many
apologies if you actually did typo
Trading Spaces when you meant to try it
type trading that's not a typo let's
type in a different word right but there
could be a world in which that was a
typo but we can't allow it because it is
a different word we have to have rules
we have to have rules otherwise society
crumbles
by the way Trading Places is packed with
profanity oh yeah not so much of the
violence
but my favorite part of this is is the
the film elevates prostitution as an
acceptable means of earning ha ha ha ha
ha ha okay what's it let's see what's
next I can't tell you guys what's next
happy cheating David that would defeat
the whole purpose that would literally
defeat the whole purpose all right so I
probably read the next one you can read
the next one oh stop signing
unauthorized copies DVDs this is
terrible it's actually weird that you're
doing I think it's funny look okay ah
this one will be a sub only heads up
mods this is gonna be a sub only my god
oh my oh wait and J will tell you what
we're playing for today this is actually
a bootleg that we got at Chicago Comic
Con several years ago because this movie
has been out of print forever but it
just came out on blu-ray this year and
it's Bryan uses society if you if you
win this and you've never heard or seen
of this never heard of this movie you're
seen it do not read anything about it do
not look it up before you watch it go in
blind it's the only way it's it's a
movie to be discovered it's one of the
weirdest fucking things ever I'm going
to go ahead and say that from you that's
really high praise yeah not the whole
movie it's it's an escalation but it
gets pretty pretty out there at the end
we are giving away bootlegs yeah well
for the longest time that's the only way
you could get it okay
it was out of print sure collecting data
I have not heard or seen of it I want
well and you said it just recently came
out of blue it just came out on blu-ray
in the u.s. earlier this year
sure so of course I picked it up
immediately because I saw it on cable
when I was a kid but I'm gonna fuck me
up it's like well I got on that and
fucked me up okay are we ready we
ready I have my eyes on the chat okay
language language isn't constant a
contain many uses but contains many uses
of F dash dash K as well as a few uses
of s dash dash T you could just say the
word mother f dash dash ER ass goddamn
and bitch the heroes mostly refrain from
using bad language positive role models
our hero doesn't grow or change much
over the course of the film and his
brand of heroism includes killing but he
is brave and heroic his partner is an
example of a courageous and strong
female character she's not there for
romance
but to complete a challenging journey of
her own violence extreme someone got it
I see it
beer Meister 2089 has it with Dredd
Bundrage I won't keep reading this
anyway I wanna make it the name or you
continue again extreme sci-fi fantasy
violence with gallons of blood spilled
hundreds of casualties and thousands of
bullets fired some in detailed
slow-motion characters are smashed by
cars burned alive and thrown from great
heights splattering on the ground other
characters are beaten pummeled and
bloodied a neck is broken violently and
a few extreme quick flashback shots
characters are skinned alive two teens
pick up guns to try to kill Dredd he
stuns them before he can cross that line
before they can cross that line he
crosses that line all the time he has no
problem positive messages Dredd learns
that his black-and-white rulebook
doesn't necessarily apply when he's
decided to test out a new rookie she
doesn't efficiently pass but she behaves
above and beyond in other ways on the
other hand the way that the criminal
a viewer is dealt with and this
futuristic world may raise questions
about how far the power of the law
should extend rich have you seen this
movie yet I need to I know I need to
everyone tells me I need to I'm a
horrible horrible human being I as I
haven't gotten around this is different
than like cuz people always say like oh
you haven't seen you know this movie or
that movie Dredd I'm saying specifically
for you I know you need to see dress
there's a problem I have the memory of a
fruit fly
okay and when I get home sure I'm just
I've forgotten completely about
everybody telling me I need to see Dredd
all right we need to mail rich a letter
I'll have to do check your mail um once
a month I get nothing but ads it's not
worth it I'll help you
it'll help me in a month okay okay
that's good you know cuz you know we
need to do something unless I checked my
mail before I go to work which sometimes
do Oh
and then I'll forgotten of the time I
gotta get home we need a way to remind
rich specifically when he's at home
candygram strip-o-gram a stripper-gram
Dredd Oh Graham beer Meister 2089 you
get a fresh off the presses version of
society now listen to Jay don't look
into this movie don't ya if you have not
seen it and you know anything about it
just watch it go in completely odd cold
and just just watch don't read up give
us his phone number yeah it's not gonna
happen
all right let's see what's next
doo dee doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
doo
Oh where was a good one in this one oh
that's right that's a good category
that's a good category okay this one
will also be a sub only sub only mods
heads up Jay
yes what are we playing for this is the
somewhat recent scream factory release
scream facts no John I love scream
factory of John Carpenter's Prince of
Darkness this is not the blu-ray this is
the DVD so that's why I'm getting rid of
it but hey Prince of Darkness is an
underrated John Carpenter movie I liked
this movie quite a bit I don't know if I
ever heard of it here if your blu-ray
player breaks you only have your DVD
player
what do you can do why why would I have
a DVD player and a blu-ray player a
blu-ray player also plays DVDs okay just
throw out your old equipment missus
that's the way equipment is now rich if
something breaks you don't like it in
the old days you would get your TV
repair the TV repair shop or the VCR
repair shop now if it breaks you just
toss it I like having a backup oh sure
like I get a new computer I still have
the old computer there oh yeah yeah that
one I get rid of that one once I get a
new new computer right well about how
long mean how long I mean you keep like
a backup until you get the new thing
pretty much well we have we have if
something breaks at my place we have
backups here like we have multiple VCRs
here and we've got some DVD players
we're fine
so that might be a little extreme I'm
just being an asshole is not a question
okay point being Alice Cooper impale
someone on a bike in this movie James
giving away all these precious treasures
and it's it's breaking my heart it's
great it's breaking my heart
I have Prince of Darkness on blu-ray
what am I gonna do with this fucking
blu-ray snob I bought I bought two
Spider Man 3 on fucking blu-ray oh look
one percent better oh fuck me okay okay
hmm we are now ready to start this round
of guess the movie using the kids media
app Ritchie you remember what what movie
where yes okay great
and here we go in the violence category
brief but strong violence includes arm
slicing and stabbing with heavy blood
shown characters die creepy-looking
dismantled robots and arguing in the sex
category female robots shown full
frontal nudity in several scenes frank
discussion about possible sex with
robots a woman begins to undress and
seduce a man reference to internet porn
I haven't oh we got a X pencil x-men's
is the person that won ex machina yes
that's weird
the movie is ex machina why is it weird
because it doesn t ex in it it just
sounds similar it's weird yeah I grew
it's an odd coincidence
it's a robots are really smart X Mensa
implies that this is a smart person less
brain damage isn't out dumber okay so
they're opposite things really what
x-men so you're not men sending more and
you're not smart anymore that means your
IQ drops you drop somehow Oh Mensa and
it just went down I get it I didn't get
it at first please me don't don't be
rude with the handicap oh oh it's fine
fine right I'm not seeing his name
expensive where are you I won't forget
eggs and rich will go seed red as soon
as he gets home absolute Thank You Chad
that will happen I need eggs again yeah
I'm in an egg situation where are you
expenses say something again
I need to know exactly how your name is
billed in order to get your personal
contact information
thank you
because I mean jackasses you know spell
x-men so but with an e like a letter
three number three times better that's
not a letter at all it's a number now
I've actually stopped signing these does
everybody who's one do they actually
want my signature wait wait this is what
I keep going like a joke ran its course
but what movie were giving you away
Prince of Darkness Prince of Darkness
you've never even heard of Prince of
Darkness never even heard of Prince of
Darkness hurry that I haven't seen it oh
yeah John Carpenter also has
eighty-seven thousand movies he doesn't
have that many I like John Carpenter I
just don't love horror yeah you would
probably not care for it then even
though Alice Cooper impales someone with
a bike Jay should I sign society or
should I leave Society alone that's up
to you you're the one that's gone crazy
with signatures well is this so special
that I shouldn't sign it it's not
special at all it's a boot that's a
bootleg that was printed off of it cuz
some of your sinks it's so unspecial I
should sign it twice in silver and gold
sure all right all right are we ready
almost rich a student he had a waiter a
bit okay he's got a whole bit all right
it's a thing he's gonna do is been Irish
we're doing um moving right along here
are we here again you got that yeah oh
yeah we've got a little record there are
what three more there's three more yeah
last two are kind of special um mods
this one that will be open to everyone
oh we also need to know what we're
playing for Oh another underrated film
uh-huh
we have Exorcist three subs or no why
are you laughing it's just it's this is
a good movie everyone open to everyone
open to everyone mods George C Scott
yeah yeah written and directed by
William Peter Blatty you wrote the
original Exorcist novel oh I like this
movie quite a bit
The Exorcist 3 if it wasn't for the fact
the studio interfered with the ending
they're like this is an extra smoothing
there's no exorcisms
so they made him reshoot the ending oh
and this priest that was in one scene
earlier in the movie he shows up for the
exorcism and you're like who the hell is
this
so aside from that this is a this is a
great movie Oh doctor far broader if you
win I will sign it yeah
cookies yeah the fact even if you don't
win it I'm gonna sign it
yeah cookies yeah I love this bit vs.
got crazy right this is great okay okay
um so specific when I should start with
I don't remember that one had some but
I'm go ahead and take a moment to read
through I think I want to say I want to
say violence had a funny well there was
there were several funny or at least
entertaining near something take a
moment
okay let me look sir take it take a
moment we're gonna get ready rich is not
mad with power rich has a reasonable
amount of power and he's using it to his
fullest ability if anything he's optimum
he's optimizing his power I have a minor
amount of power that I am going mad with
I'm going mad with the least amount of
power you could possibly go mad with
it's really really sad but you're not
even going mad you have the power to
write on things and you're writing on a
nun that pathetic you're just that's
what I get right on this like that power
what exactly okay okay uh uh this one's
gonna be the hardest to figure out as
far as categories goes okay start with
this one this is sex kissing an
unmarried couple wakes up in the same
bed some wearing a damp clingy clothing
on the main characters part that's a
very weird sentence that doesn't make
any sense but I think they're just
trying to say that the main character is
wearing wet clothing at one point but
but you're telling me that an unmarried
couple wakes up together and they wake
up in the same bed the weird part is
they didn't go to bed in the same bed
it doesn't say that but I'm assuming so
because why else would it be so shocking
that they wake up in the same bed uh
rich do you know what the answer have it
o Animus prime really yet drag me to
hell is the answer
wow that's pretty good animist prime
animation underscore i I see it right
here how the fuck did you get it off of
that that's when someone else shortly
after holy shit the lay this probably
didn't know he had collecting data just
God
Snooky seven jesus fucking christ
not as hard as go on go ahead and say
with a positive message of the movie is
yes this is for drag me to hell for all
the movies horror film trappings and
scares the message the message about the
consequences of your ethical choices is
quite strong and I would agree do you
want to read some of the violence oh
sure what's some violence and drag me to
hell
um drag me to hell high on scares but
they're peppered with some humor
extensive fighting and scuffling with a
mix of graphic imagery and good-natured
goofiness blood but in such outlandish
amounts that the effect is ultimate
ultimately more cartoony than grisly an
old woman grapples with the main
character who fights her off with fists
a stapler and the laws of gravity a
staple a stable is plunged into human
flesh a discussion and depiction of
animal sacrifice I just I miss all adds
up to a great movie and an unmarried
couple waking up in the same bed that
you know I like drag me to hell but that
was the part I was a little like you're
like do we need that that's not cold you
know what that is that's producers using
sex to sell yes yes unmarried couple
wakes up in the same bed
well animus prime you are getting a
signed copy of The Exorcist three and
this is yeah cookies yeah how the fuck
did you guess that the thing is I can
see George C Scott's saying that line
that movie yeah he's Europe
that's my Jersey's got an exorcist three
impression
that's a good one it is not in the file
all right let's get our next one two
more these last two are blu-rays guys
this info is on Google are they googling
like the description and is that
bringing them to the kids at uh well if
so then they should be shamed in
themselves there's nothing we can do
about it now but I mean I guess maybe I
forgot I'm side your copy anyway like
are they like they're typing the
descriptions in as we're say I don't
know that seems weird that seems too
weird well you know what they gotta live
with themselves if they're cheating like
that yeah this is on them that's on them
okay so for these last two we are going
back to sub only mode sub only mode for
the last two fridge oh my god you start
reading through that J tell us what
we're playing for this is a blu-ray ooh
this is another scream factory release
of Halloween - Halloween - blu-ray an
okay sequel that's elevated by Dean
Candy's awesome cinematography Jamie Lee
Curtis where's a horrible wig through
the whole film
good oh yeah if everyone's cheating now
that's fine then everyone has a fair
enough chance depends on who can cheat
faster who can cheat faster Fox mine
alright okay are we ready to go sub-only
mode go rich language frequent use of
all major curse words drinking drugs and
smoking drinking drug overdose marijuana
use sex female full frontal nudity
numerous sex scenes an orgy scene
implied teenage prostitution positive
messages most of the characters in this
film engage what is commonly considered
deviant social behavior example drug use
sex with prostitutes adultery some even
openly encourage such behavior the
consequences for engaging in such
behavior only falls upon prostitutes and
Mister bibs gets eyes wide shut that's
the sex one is my favorite how they very
dryly describe all the sex mr. Beebe's
Ino full frontal nudity number sex
scenes
an orgy scene live teenage prostitution
implied implied teenage prostitution
white teenage prostitution category sex
frequent use of all major curse words
drinking drug overdose marijuana use
that's really in the section that's
really brushing over when they just say
orgy scene right like like if that's
really under selling it it's true but it
is true but there's a lot going on you
hear about that ocean yeah it's a body
of water you know yeah yeah sure is come
on
okay great that was that was great
mister boobs you get a copy of Halloween
too on blu-ray
yeah exciting and we have one more left
guys we have one more left
implied teenage prostitution are you
sure that wasn't just Tom Cruise's
trailer but about that time yeah
male that's a male prostitute that's
none of them that implied a prostitution
it what's that terrible stand-up
comedian Joe again hey you know I never
been married never been married at all
you know if you ask me a wedlock that's
a little too close to deadbolt she's the
worst where's my machine damn it wait
hello thank you thank you I'll be wrong
tip your waitresses in me good
okay let me get this ready yay what are
we playing for
oh we saved the best for last huh I can
see what they can see what that is
already great you got what
oh I'm ready I'll get reading ahead you
tell us what we're playing another
scream factory here Elise this is the we
saved the best for last it's Halloween 3
season 2 the winch how do we do the
Michael Myers list Halloween film the
black sheep is a series that's actually
one of the best movies in the series
that is a blu-ray this is a blue are you
giving that one away because I have the
Halloween box set oh just all blu-rays
and it has this in it a little kid's
head turns into bugs so there you go
it's a great movie a little kids head
turns the head like chairman guy from
Robocop is the main bad guy on it yeah
and it turns into bugs he doesn't he
turns other people's heads into
because he's a wish because that's the
thing the title doesn't make any sense
there's no which isn't it oh so I don't
know why it's the season of the witch oh
because Halloween so it's kind of
redundant I don't know I don't know but
it's about an evil man that makes masks
that when you wear them they have a
little piece of metal in the back that
is has Carvey shavings from stonehedge
on it and when they're Wow and when
you're wearing the mask while this weird
signal is broadcast on TV it turns your
head into bugs and that's what the
movies about and there's robots in it
too I think I need to see this movie
it's great it's great this sounds great
it sounds great okay sub only mods sub
only we're getting ready to start here
and here we go in the sex category a few
kisses most notably a very sweet
storybook kiss and a reference to the
main characters perfect breasts in the
violence section action style violence
includes a torture machine
swords fight sword fights one to the
death under positive messages despite
some betrayal along the way cut fresh B
to dick punch gets it with Princess
Bride and buttercups perfect breasts did
you sort of like the easiest category
huh is that the easiest category are
they all pretty obvious what are you
talking about notably I got Rory look
kiss I guess that's pretty I'm gonna
read this positive message yeah all
right despite some betrayal along the
way overall the movies message is about
the triumph of true love and the
importance of loyalty friendship
inventiveness persistence and family hmm
that's true yeah Princess Bride oh this
has an educational value oh no the
educational value is an A+ but then in
under the description it says the movie
is intended to entertain rather than
educate have very low standards it
educates them as how great Carrie Lu
uses three always lose he's not great
and saw he's actually terrible in that
movies finds K lose who won press beat a
dick punch yep
press B dick punch there you are
I see press underscore B underscore and
to underscore underscore punch I'm
seeing all this
enjoy your copy of Halloween 3 and good
luck trying to get the theme song out of
your head the last you don't get him
signed because over on the other side
don't get a sign because I have to get
up and I'm not gonna get all I've gotten
up like four times today so yeah I will
send you all messages later tonight to
get your shipping information and we
will we will ship those out immediately
thank you all for playing we really
appreciate it I'm going to once again
brave an electric shock Oh BAM I've got
people I thought people can hear that
right ah Dec you are not going to
survive this winter what was singing
what's wrong with your hand with me I
know with your body many many things
many many things mother fucker
the King wrappi ink veins
Joerg hland collecting data cannot Eric
Kirk can a NAR C can add ergh
I think the case Island on a Newark in
there I'm a dark space camo ice bone
badger 15 months in a row space come oh
you got 14 hung and wild Lukas dukey's
she just subscribe I just like the word
Dookie basically everyone wanna make
jeff jacket will do put a Dookie in your
name nuke em mind
Frederick girl X Mensa 16 months in a
row thank you xeno trope 15 months in a
row damn the real Quaid twelve months in
a row
Susan's period dead oh and I get it
that's a new one I get it that's based
on the new ad wait I don't get it you
haven't seen the new head actually do
good that was my joke oh we're we're
sorry um we were on Susan's period oh
you're on Susan's period of course rad
radio link down great Amal one I'm sorry
what
grant amal one great wait what is it
grant amal one great thank you hub
Biff meets lab 13 months in a row I am
Keith David bowl um Special K Lando was
taken 13 months in a row BB feh Biff
Biff meets Lebanon SEP 13 months video
I'm like some mad mad fruit fly memory
good blender me it all goes out one head
who just subscribe how about hey hey yes
I just subscribe whip owned wit wit
'wind
whooping wind 15 months in a row I guess
whip pwned is s of the poems is what the
P double tuned hey Anna hi works like
Wisconsin poon
and the poon and come mix Ian 120 thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it
it's true we really do and thanks for
playing our dumb kids media app game
life I think it's fun I could read those
descriptions all day and we'll get those
movies out to my yeah I know it's gonna
be awkward you walking over there just
end the stream nobody shot myself again
shock ba wait wait wait wait wait wait
one's good right right right here and
see if we get a spark on
