PokeWHAT!?! (Part 1)
July 29, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tgAgVwchKYE

and we are totally streaming Foca my
favorite what straining huh we by all
accounts we could be streaming how the
fuck does a chant get too rich Evans is
pregnant how the fuck does they even
come about how did you got one how did
you guys hear about that - where did
that come from
I knew we left you for a while and I'm
sorry about that Jackson a mood kiss
he's just in a mood now I was in a mood
and I'm gonna get better I'm gonna feel
better once rich starts playing and
loving Pokemon like I know he will
so I still don't know what a Pokemon is
yeah yeah it's a pocket monster it's a
Pokemon nobody what do you want it's a
monster that it has the ability to fit
in your pocket are there none pocket
monsters yes what here's what I mean
like monsters that don't fit in your
pocket but what's different a pocket
monster for regular mods are the regular
monsters if there's no regular monsters
there a reason and dedicating something
to be called a pocket monster well
technically speaking they're all
whosever's any of the decided to put one
in their pocket they're all monsters the
things that make them Pocket Monsters is
when they go in there pokeballs and the
Pokemon buzzes way is smooshed down and
you can put them in your pocket what
assholes season wild-animal says yeah
I'm gonna shove that thing into a small
ball so I can carry it around in my
pocket
hmm and then make it horribly like fight
other people just fine kind he's gonna
make it fight other monsters yeah yeah I
know listen I know I know it's it's
torture it's it's a it's Pokemon there's
you know they do go through a whole
thing in Pokemon weather just like no
you know
Pokemon need this you know because it's
what they like there's actually a whole
big one of the later they like being
enslaved and shoved in a small one of
the later pokemon games the bad guys are
all about like Pokemon rights and they
don't want the trainers to fight them
anymore I agree right can you guys can
you support them can I say yeah this is
a horrible practice I always thought
that would make one of the best games as
if you were on like team rocket's side
and you got to steal your first Pokemon
so you could choose from any starter not
just like the three bullshit starters
button any knee if you want to go back
to fucker you go back to fucker
let's jet thing what's the what's the
name sir consensus should we name it
after somebody good question
pick a chap named here I see one first
one I see shucks
test your jacks test what did the
Pokemon guy that's first name I saw
Dexter okay how about just Chuck's no
okay enough room I'll call him Jack
texture chucks test Chuck test alright
right so your name is Chuck sticks this
is my grandson whose name I can't yeah
he's been your rival since your babies
oh no and this guy's a professor yep one
named Jack him a new name maybe you
named Chuck sex after a subscriber I
named it can you yeah new name ah
alright who wants to be this jerk
whispers mrs. jerk
looking for the word jerk somebody
somebody somebody type in jerk
one team becomes as a big dumb jerk but
burger Bonanza just said jerk
he's burger burger burger this is our
rival burger great you're a jerk
congratulations thanks for subscribing
asshole Pokemon is already filling me
with joy I'm just glad we could figure
this out I like I said the hardest part
was that we were prepared and through
sheer dumbest of luck it didn't wanna
seeee meant nothing Jack what I'm trying
to forget about we got a scream I'm here
compartmentalize compartmentalize I'm
here I'm here but the I'm Mad Max how
great bad boys Mad Max is so great why
she called furiosa fucking pokemons
I love Pokemon so much it's a world of
dreams and adventures rich it's a world
of dreams and motherfucking adventures
as we're talking about the part of the
stream that will be cut when you put
this up on YouTube yeah Pokemon came out
when I was in college yes this I was
excited to play pokemon as I am to watch
an episode of Teletubbies so you've
never seen an episode of Teletubbies
okay no I'm not three you know what
before even before I had children I
watched a full episode of Teletubbies
just to understand what the fuck was
happening I saw a clip that was enough I
got it
you didn't think like oh it's it's nuts
its way its way nuts er than you think
it would be okay I'll boys leave home
someday it said so on TV that's your
that's your parenting mother yes oh yes
both next-door was looking for you
mm-hmm okay yep
Pete this is a hell of a stream for
twitchplayspokemon to not be here oh
sure
sucks to be him well he's probably you
know what he probably saw what we were
screaming was like you know what I get
enough of that okay I'm good
I'm good on the Pokemon situation I got
these houses are identical
that's burgers house
what is this boogers little sister
hijacks test my brother burger is out at
grandpa's lab all right until the lab
was next door that this is the fucking
lab no it's not the lab it's a big map
of Kanto region now this would be useful
just take it but taking she doesn't get
it she's sitting there staring at a
fucking map why you staring at a fucking
map what's wrong with you it's a region
it's a big you cannot care don't care
don't kick yeah I'm ready said hi you're
the brother of our you're the sister of
my rival on to Franco I'll beat your ass
don't you know you want to get with her
that'll really make your rival upset you
get with my sister we palet tone yeah
got a fuckin name is that what this is a
grocery store SP is a color thing they
have a whole color thing they have a
whole color thing rich why you study
Pokemon as Professor Oak's aide Oaks
Oaks aid professor oaf may not look like
much but he's the authority on hockey
Mon many pokémon trainers hold him in
high regard it's true that's true about
Bakuman I stuttered pokemons as
Professor Oak's aid now okay now that
you're just doing this on purpose
oh there's your rival right oh no no oh
yeah good
it's only Jex Dex Gramps isn't around
yeah he's a dickhead those are hockey
balls
yeah contains hockey mom
where they say oath was well they said
he was in his lab but he's obviously not
in his lab because you were just in his
lab technology is incredible you can now
store and recall items and pokemons as
data via PC so we're not just shoving
them balls were we're digitizing you can
also upload them to the computer
stealing their their physical form mmm
and turning them into information which
can be easily deleted copied yep
as people are horrible I think yeah oh
oh hey wait I see him by trying to leave
town
yeah it's unsafe well pokemons live in
tall grass you need your own paw c'mon
for your protection you know come with
me
so also what that means is that anything
any place there's a tall grass a wild
Pokemon I can come and attack you and if
you don't have your own pokémon it'll
tear the shit out of you which means by
the way in their little town right there
they don't have a grocery store they
don't have an energy plant a gas station
they need to risk their lives every day
in order to get supplies for their
little village so so is the capture and
eat Pokemon yeah this is what I'm saying
but the part of the pokémon kind of
deserve it because they're horrible
assholes Oh Gramps I'm fed up with
waiting burger let me think
oh that's right I told you to come Joss
hey here are Chuck's tests there are
three Hakeem on here
hahahaha about our health inside these
Pocky balls where they're hideously
tortured in this small confined space
era shacks keep them in line
when I was young I was a serious
pokemons trainer my spine hurt so in my
old age I have only these three loves
I'll do whatever you want
choose hey Gramps no fear what about me
this is grandson yeah let's get you some
butt burgers such a burger is such a
dickhead his grandfather is giving other
kids stuff before him hey glad we named
him after yet burger happy about that
that make you smile
be patient burger you can have one too
after this stranger has the first pick
yeah sure well you can choose Oh
so Jay Taylor like a fire thing a water
thing
turtle swirl a turtle squareheads he's a
turtle that squirts water or a leaf
thing bulba saur he's like he's like a
turtle frog with leaves and so the the
the way is part of a fire burn with fire
okay that's great
so there's a rock-paper-scissors element
to the types of Pokemon right so for
example you know leaf fire water fire is
strong against leaf leaf is strong
against water water is strong against
fire right okay
so what's important as you gather
pokemons and all the whatnots and whose
it is to have a diverse team who wants
to be the small tortured animal say say
uh I worked for this Ajax say owl say
I'll say all my spine there's no just
now
level squirt distance nice Oh bother
Oh bother
okay Oh Bobby oh I mean I like Oh Bobby
slipped or something I don't I don't
know oh what's back okay
Oh Bobby Oh bother
life goes on I'll dig this one then
burger received the squirtle from
Professor Hulk so he chooses the one
that's strong against strong against you
all the time that's programmed yeah so
no matter which one you pick he'll pick
the one strong against you because you
routinely have to battle him okay come
on I'll take you on in fact right now
you're gonna have your first Pokemon
ball yeah yeah I'm so are you riveted
and like right now you are in the lab
and your your your monsters are about to
punch each other in the like lab with
all the precious lab equipment and
professor looks like millions of dollars
worth of research kids that's why all of
that's that's you know what what that's
why the grandfather let him shoot a
second it was it was a setup it was all
a fucking setup he really does love
burger he wanted burger to have the
advantage
ah rich you put it you put it out okay
Chuck spider Chuck's next you've never
had you can just you know get to press
the button to go to dinner but lowering
our HP is there with you my rabbit I'm
adding you laughter Spanish mishmash try
battling and see for yourself
fight scratch okay you scratch the shit
out of him inflicting damage on a foe is
the key to any battle really yeah that's
true rich I've heard that
Wow look at this exciting combat what
this is your first is your first cause
look who's tailwhip Oh bothers defense
fell
no no look I just keep it in the a
button Wow Wow I love these these charm
JPJ RPG battles look at this I'm just
hitting the same button on the button I
hit in the button you're hitting it I
saw one I want I hit the planet Navi one
I'm glad that you won it would have been
really embarrassing if you lost
that's right the the combat is not
necessarily the focus of the game it's
the collecting and yeah so it's all a
bunch of OCD bullshit I did actually I
think the the famously the creator of
Pokemon is autistic that's not a joke
that is a joke check no no that is not a
joke that is not a jokey he has I
believe he is obsessive-compulsive and
that's why he made this game yeah I want
to say that's true hopefully hopefully
that's true okay I'll make my Pokemon
battle to toughen it up Chuck's test
grabs smell you later famously yeah he
is famously like the the man who created
the original Pokemon idea was like maybe
not autistic but maybe maybe OCD like
all I know is you know he he befriended
some some developers and had to pitch
his head to really hard pitch this game
several times before Nintendo allowed
him to try to make it he made them a lot
of money yes
Brooklyn got relatively little for
himself yeah oh no I don't know there's
the thing is a cat thing
oh so no he was not autistic he had
Asperger's I had a spur yes so sorry who
says you know something kind of like
autism he had it he had he had a
condition in an Asperger's is the ass
the patty or is the ass the buns
I'd be the patty a buns fits over sponge
but buns plus two cheeks oh sure I was
you know what I was too caught up in
Sandwich logistics seven to call gay sex
is that our ass burger put the meat
between the buns
I'm quietly laughing and shaking my head
average boy oh no no one of those things
oh that's a ratatata I'm today I'm hit
me yeah you sure are hitting edge like a
champ rich like a fucking champ
get out of here no no if you fainted
that one I hit the head eh enough you
did oh and you leveled up mom up seven I
gotta keep doing that a thousand times
nothing up so far well they got the book
and I better you go kids using that you
move on you learned ember what the fuck
is that is that just another thing I'm
going to ignore because they did the
most effective tackle at ember is your
most effective Sapna that's your fire
attack okay it's now moving via Google
the next town talk to people go you
don't just you know I or keep fighting
the Ratatat ascent more effective oh my
god oh my god oh my god you're right
rich is a Pokemon master he's getting it
he knows what's today yeah yeah you guys
does the tie I I'm sorry I have not
addressed this I see that everyone is
addressing the text speed do you think
it really matters rich can just press a
button and the tech speed will go all
the way to the end right away it's a
convenient Shane selling all sorts of
items so settle down about the tech
speed please visit us and Viridian city
I know I'll give you a sample here you
go
taint the potion yep what's the potion
do checked ID heals you it heals your
pokemons but I haven't lost any home you
have not lost any health you you've
fought bravely so far I have you sure
have told that Pokemon what to do you've
given that Pokemon a what chicken I
gotta find a chicken you do have to
fight a chicken that happens
I don't know I was like percent of
health please explain my love for this
game you know part of it is the animals
part of it is just training the animals
you because you have to you know you
catch all the Pokemon in your head you
kind of have to build your team your
squad your your party right and you do
get slightly attached to all the
adorable little animals and that's part
of it and then you know you only get
four move slots you can only teach them
four moves at a time right and so then
you try to you kind of mold them and
it's all very simple and it's all very
light but you know you have to choose
the best attacks for each animal then
you so you start getting a little
attached and they evolve and turn into
bigger horrible monstrosity
Rick rich is now showing you his
exciting press a strategy listen to the
Furious A's try to win this shit next
comp so obviously in these early battles
yes that's all you're doing is pressing
a over and over and over again but as as
the battles grown as your Pokemon grow
the battles get a little more strategic
and it's you only get four moves and so
literally like there's not a ton of
strategy but oh really all oh I believe
I've called this a light game many times
but that you know most of it is just
like raising your little animal friends
and then swapping them out for anything
that's even slightly better at a pin
drop but I've like I've gone I'm
supposed to catch these things well you
don't have any pokeballs in okay you
have to make it up to the to the shop
first so you know that's part of it is
is raising your team and getting
attached to team members and you know
even though I should switch out this guy
for for this ice type Pokemon because I
know the Elite Four is weak against ice
type oh I really love this type you know
there's there's a lot there's a lot to
love
these games that isn't the combat and
mostly it's just the adorable little
animals as it
rich does not have balls right now
I belly like a you fuckers damages the
beginning of what I think I had a little
damage that doesn't matter it's free
heal every tongue every every new battle
no it didn't
the hump bar is all the way phone did
you give it the potion no oh uh maybe
you take any damage that could be that
could be
I love how Jack describes to burn a
friendship favor and calls it in for
pokemon red versus Team Fortress 2 what
oh you mean make rich play pokemon a
rich made me play XCOM yeah this is just
how it works sometimes is I I am I'm
sharing so there's nothing up there you
don't have been kind of an asshole yeah
and he's doing it be fair I'm being a
jerk he's doing it mostly for comedies
we'll say 90% for comedy 85% for comedy
yeah yeah oh this is just my game log
off get out of here you don't need to be
up here that's like online trading and
battling people stuff I never go up here
it doesn't matter nothing matters rich
made me play frog fractions right right
like well I was different Oh what did I
say I said something
so I think what you needs file there it
is the pokey marked there you go if you
find your pokey Mart
hey you you came from Pallet Town
yes you know Professor Oak right his
order came in can you see guy k get you
to take it to him will you take it to
him apparently I said yes great take it
anyway oh yeah am I supposed to buy a
ball where's the ball I want a ball huh
where's I want a ball I talked to the
guy behind the counter again yeah I'm
solely a ball
thanks please oh okay take it back to
professor I remember hey take a bit take
it back to professor
just teaching it teaching you the basics
making it easy for you making sure you
get some battles under your belts got a
raise up that that Charmander
I see like oh well that was a critical
eye so you just fucks that Pidgey like
give it a want and so this is kind of
like the the ups and downs of
strengthening your Pokemon right is in
order to catch a Pokemon you need to
hurt it but not kill it oh my god so if
you're too strong and you end up killing
it then you can't then it's harder to
catch pokemon so these are this is all
very exciting to you I know we're gonna
see like you know I I can't I want I
think at very least in the time we have
today rich is going to get to the first
gym leader and when to have a real
battle on his hands okay Oh Jack's
pushed how is my old Pokemon organized
is fine he kills everything he seems to
be growing more attached to you you must
be he has to be he's trapped with the
small bat and I control no no is you
must be talented that's what it is you a
tangent pokémon trainer nothing else I
shut him out of the ball and make him
fight something and I shove them back in
the ball hmm that's a good boy oh what's
that you have something for me well let
me see oh it's a box right not anything
else that that would be and it's not
full of Lube that's that Reuben dirty
magazines that would be naughty of me
and inappropriate oh it's a custom Pocky
ball oh oh
I had one holder thank you burger Gramps
I almost forgot what did you call me for
ya fucking old fart alright every quest
for you two on the desk here is my
invention the Pokedex it automatically
records data on the pokemon you've seen
or caught
it's a hi-tech encyclopedia Chuck's
tricks and burger take these with you or
I'll give one to you first and then one
- my only grandchild you can't get
detailed data on Pokemon by just seeing
them oh you must catch them to obtain
complete data so here are some tools for
catching wild Pokemon we fear we must
learn through experimentation I have
five balls yay
boo boo boo boo boo boo balls fucking
balls uh that's right I have a Pokemon
doctor here is an encyclopedia of
Pokemon it is empty I am the greatest
pokemon mind known to man yet I have not
even catalogued the Pokemon next door to
me by dickhead and okay so now you're
ready to go on your mission
yeah Eurasian game here fucking map
I got the map you did it I didn't even
have to steal it you did it you did it
through through charm and guile and she
you know why why she like my balls yeah
he does
yeah she does ah ah it's that thing is
that rat rat rat rat
Tanna Rattata use tail whip
oh no no is this the ball if you want to
you can you go to the better no oh I get
it I know no cancel that I go to bag got
a bag bat in your bag you look in your
bag and then look look around there your
bag sex the ball sack there you go I got
it's in the ball sack and you know you
throw a ball at it let's see if you
catch your first Pokemon the Rattata one
in the thing I was sure my did nope nope
oh well now you did yeah it's not a
guarantee okay
it Wiggles around the ball for a little
bit you did you caught a Rattata
yeah it gives you fun information on
little rattan and a little screen
alright who wants to be who wants to be
this fucking rat
say fucking read the fucking rap fucking
rat either with an AI n or just our ing
sure you know where you want to it sure
fucking rat groin what
oh no one wants to be throwin car cargo
cult god what cargo cult god fucking red
spikes thanks Phoenix
cargo called G yo good car results
perfect Oh
how are those fucking things there's a
lot there's a lot of repairs you don't
have to you know now that you've caught
one Rattata you don't need to catch any
other and if you do ever get sick of
battles you could always run away like a
bitch yeah just hit eight five more
times exit and get the XP em they go
they go I was looking away I'm still
hitting hey what I didn't have to yeah
no I get it rich I get a fucking get it
be like twitch capture all the Rattata
oh is that what happened on rich boys
Pokemon did they only catch with Addas
as a lot of times like when I'm
replaying a Pokemon game I will give
myself like little like I'll give myself
a meta game and one of my favorite meta
games is you can only use the first
pokemon that you catch and so like you
either have to you know go a long
stretch without catching any or like use
your starters and the final boss battles
and it's really difficult it's really
fun little meta game or I know I make a
challenging you gotta make a challenging
right I know a lot of people play like
permadeath rules like if your Pokemon
faints in battle it's permanently dead
and you can't use it anymore it's fun
alright Pidgey first person to say I
don't know what Jack what should they
say I'm a bird I'm a bird I'm like a
bird the first person to say I'm like a
bird alright I'm like a bird
ha rich don't you love this game already
no I'm looking for the I'm like a bird
and that would be Mookie hey des wait
he's going anyone tonight
well you didn't specify I didn't sorry
sorry for the confusion because I did
say I'm a bird first and I know other
people said I'm a bird first but I I
wanted it to be more Nelly Furtado and
I'm like a bird I'm gonna fly away jack
fuck you over I did what he said I did
it was my fault you're back in Viridian
City oh wait what am I going what do I
want to do now you're fine
keep keep fucking around in doing great
doing great 20 more balls huh do I need
more balls
you always need more balls you know you
need to make sure you have enough but
really your main thing right now is
balls in potion potions heal you when
you're on the road when you're far away
from polka Center and balls to catch
other Pokemon that's your that's your
main priority antidotes are good the
paralyze heals fine but yeah balls and
potions so nice and brain looks like a
JRPG nice well you know the other stuff
we're still obviously super early game
the other stuff comes into handy later
and really at any point you know like
antidote paralyzed heal that stuff like
you can always run back to a Pokemon
Center and he'd get everything healed
100/100 free but then you have to make
it through the long stretches again okay
but so it's it's uh you know it's a lot
of how hard you want it to be kind of
thing this is this is rich playing rich
is playing and I'm kind of supervising
she's trying to memorize remotes yeah
ok be sure to read us on blackboard
carefully
my cordless pokemon status problems ring
bells your Saavik do you want to read
exit that's exactly true about I want to
read exit my favorite Pokemon I always
liked poison-type pokémon
those are just my favorite I think
they're cool they're not especially
powerful but I like them oh let's put
this fucking worthless dead end rights
expiring just let him explore I no idea
what the fuck I'm the one yeah throwing
balls at things I guess
oh no uh-oh ass burger
oh hey Jax test you're out to the pocky
mumbling forget about it you probably
don't have any badges Julia the guard
won't let you through without them the
way your paw c'mon get me stronger bitch
rival burger would like to battle rifle
burger sent out Pidgey a level nine
Pidgey you have a level eight Oh bother
ooh foe PG was burned that was a sick
burn
okay start taking bets on whether or not
rich is going to make it out of this
battle
take your bets take your bets I think
I'm gonna make out of the bell he's in
he's knocking he doesn't understand how
the battle works it he's not going to
make it out that's fine
can capture somebody else's know you can
act capture another yeah you cannot
capture another trainers Pokemon get out
of help I want hope
let's see if he does it
he does and he's using a potion and PG
has burned so and he's got Pidgey by the
balls which is great he just gained a
hundred and five expiry on he grew to
level nine amazing things are happening
what I have to figure out there what do
you mean
oh he's using other things okay yeah do
you know I wanted oh you just press B or
whatever or Kenny I got a canceled time
okay he's weak to fire so no huh
scratches myself
come on rich name huh you sure our hit
name I want your attack masked yeah
because uh the Pidgey threw dirt in your
eyes earlier I know your attack missed
again I don't think he's gonna make it I
don't think he's gonna make it
oh my god
button mashing this isn't an Arkham game
right
oh my god you're gonna defeat squirtle
it looks like in in an epic slap battle
you just went like you just sissy slap
squirtle to death I'm surprised that you
did that
why huh charity heal and same boring as
shit every JRPG huh and you got 144
bucks
rival burger started some shit and then
he gave you some money alright I heard
the Pokemon League is crawling with
tough trainers I have to figure out how
to get past him you should quit dawdling
and get a move on dickhead I know
Phoenix
I don't think squirt his squirtle had
learned the bubble move yet had to head
squirtle known a water move it would
have been a different story we're rich
shit rich is not impressed if I Pokemon
so far nor do it's everything I hate
about RPGs yeah I like I like this kind
of like towns and exploring elite uh-huh
but battles are so fucking boring
tedious and frustrating unless rating ah
that's where I'm ready for my guess is
super tedious Mook it's frustrating how
they just keep popping up randomly
you can't avoid them yeah yeah are you
every 5 feet you're walking battle today
again again again again again it sounds
like the fucking hated the balance to
that in Pokemon is the is the excitement
of cat catching a new Pokemon you know
because certain Pokemon only show up in
certain areas and so then every new area
is rife with new possible members of
your team city collectathon switch yet
something I hate in games
yes it's whatever we collect all the 50
bags hitting around
and that does it no I hate that yeah but
you're gonna hate but you don't have to
collect them yeah there's not going out
of my way to it's just if you if you
want new members of your team you know
the better stuff it's instead of collect
the 50 bags to get something it's one of
the bags has a weapon in it you know you
know so find all the bags you can yeah
but then you can always go down there oh
yeah and one of the bags might have a
weapon in it you know a good weapon
only truly skilled trainers you gotta
get bolder badge to get past this door
or tell you what rules are rules can't
let you pass go find a fucking boulder
badge that's a gym as a gym so that that
right there is Victory Road and that's
endgame oh and so you need to get all of
the gym badges by defeating all the gym
leaders Oh
unmanned at the man key I kill them
can't capture now manky is an
interesting when he's a fighting-type
pokémon okay well you know they all do
you know like right now you have a fire
type of fire water and leaves what the
fuck is fighting a fighting type is an
interesting one he's strong against
certain types of Pokemon specifically
normal and any heavy Pokemon all the
also all the pokemon have unique stats
like size stats and so fighting moves
are strong against the heavy Pokemon
it's it's a it's too deep for you and I
get that see if you catch him oh you
caught him good job you shoot him in the
genitals to render what went around one
right okay oh oh who wants to be a
Mickey uh first with a pizza roll who
says uh I don't know who says I don't
know
no no that's terrible night oh I bet no
Christmas is grapefruit breath where is
this grapefruit well the pizza roll
grapefruit subscriber
hmm
oh my god it's going up too fast
I got a frosty snooze well oh wait grass
frosty snooze typo'd and only typed in
grapefruit do we count that your college
ok frosty snooze then frosty his name
will be frosty but Frosty's is new its
Naz yeah
frosty snows great great wants me one of
these Pokemon I'm just not music then
that's you know this is their thing
about the game baby you know right now
you have one nice levelled up strong
Pokemon and three very weak Pokemon so
your song is I have to go grind with the
weaker ones with the red over Pat is
it's not it is not a grind because now
it's a grind what you're saying is it's
a great no no it's not a grind because
as you progress in the game you should
be leveling up as you movin up in the
game they handle the handle leveling up
appropriately in Pokemon there is no a
grind is when you're going back to areas
and doing the same thing over and over
again in order to needlessly level up
not needlessly in order to level up but
here I think you can just keep moving
forward if you want and happen to level
up on the way as long as you move a
program oh it's a whole thing cancel
director well yeah you have to
oh he's showing you how to capture
Pokemon what you've already done okay
well I go so just yeah just just listen
to him just doesn't listen to him
no I can't well you know I'm gonna hit
the button until we're done with this
Oh
Oh huh sirs and jim-jim is always closed
huh so the gym was closed ah that
particular gym is closed
oh my god it's a that's that's a story
thing rich I wouldn't expect you to
understand story things all right
balls that hmm
that old man wants to show you how to
use balls no no nope nope this tree
looks like it could be cut down
dun dun dun da da da da da what the fuck
am i lady
Ratatat I may be small but don't
underestimate him
I've already caught one already hurt you
you got it really first it's natural
mains in there be carefully I'm caring
well it's just a building the only thing
the building does is it's an entrance to
the forest
no yeah weird ass building is that I
know I have no idea rich fuck are you I
came here with some friends to catch
some bug Pokemon there I'll get you to
get in a poke in my tree at all people
you might ever kill anybody they could
they easily could why don't they I think
the mob that's why we catch them is
because if we don't catch them they
would kill us I see that's why we have
pokeballs
that's a Weedle like a weed Oh
it's Weedle
it's super effective yes fire is super
effective against bug pokemon okay so
now might be a good time to show you how
to change out your starter Pokemon if
you if you feel like it so I don't burn
them all today so yeah so your starter
Pokemon is the one you throw out first
in every battle okay but so fight this
guy and then ask to be free don't find
this scratcher Oh
or could you scratch him
jack is made of delicious sausage oh I
know
the sausage coming out of my gut I think
it's time to talk to Jay about his
choice in guts material
I don't think sausage was the best
choice yeah I know he's fond of the
sausage thank you and you know what if
it was just looks like guts in that
sausage if it was just sitting
I could see it looking like guts but
coming out the way it did it did not
look like guts it looked like chunks
it's not like a long - yeah yeah yeah so
you know what next time we do a scene in
which my guts are stabbed out I will
have a little conversation with Jay and
we will not use that guts I don't like I
thought that line worked out great I
don't like being stabbed that was pretty
funny it was all I thought that was
pretty funny they didn't do anything
they didn't give you a head wound when
you got shot in the head what a dab of
blood well they the entrance cool huh
the entrance woman it would be a fucking
hole in your head it's fine half in the
bag with what should they say oh it to
be a Weedle first person that the pizza
rolls is a darkman rocks dirt man rocks
because Pokemon I'm I'm probably not
going to use just gonna sit my inventory
as I use the one that beats everything
up when I just hit a
any takers uh radical that's close
enough
tark or you didn't have pizza roll I'm
sorry pays to be a subscriber mall rat
coal mall bat coal we had talked we had
talked about a couple different ways to
do isn't to tease what no yeah there
knows two L's mall rat coal one T C al o
fits perfect we had talked about a
couple ways of doing riches head wound
one is making his head wound a real
effect and then masking it out and
putting a fake forehead over it for a
couple frames and then you know removing
the digital real forehead and showing
the practical effect but apparently
Jay's rubber latex was expired and so
that wasn't going to work that's a
Caterpie and so then we forgot to change
out your starter we need to do that why
so you can laugh a lot for your other
Pokemon what if I don't want to bother
okay well that's fine if you don't want
to bother them that is your decision
and so then J was just saying that he
would do a digital bullet hole later and
obviously did not I thought the black
the back splatter was great though that
was an air-compressor behind Rich's head
yeah and I thought that looked really
great
I don't know wall maybe shape it was it
I didn't notice
if rich wants to just level char mandala
I think that's fine that's a fine
decision um but I was I was sad to see
that that no additional effect was given
to Rich's forehead gunshot wound I was
hoping I was hoping for something it's
fine that's fine everything's fine
is it I hate doughnuts yes I did mean to
drop a prereq referenced by saying we
really appreciate it and there was one
take where I said that and rich said we
really do and I cut that out
which is fine first person with a pizza
roll to say it's fine
come on who's got it Mario Mario marry
me areum me me
now what am I gonna do with somebody
whose name is mostly numbers wins maybe
your numbers is there a way to switchin
yeah no way to switch it said lowercase
do yeah just perfect just perfect Mario
Mario everything's fine all the time
that pixels episode in general we talked
for a long time we talked for a long
time and a lot of it was kind of one of
the most upsetting part to me was what
was i defending I was defending
something in pixels and rich made that
face his I don't believe you face but
then they never cut to me explaining why
I was defending the thing I was
defending well what wasn't I don't know
I don't remember year there's a there's
a certain part of the pixel discussion
where I was like no no it's fine if it
does this but and then you you made your
silly face oh yeah yeah and then they
never cut to why they never cut to why I
was going to defend that position which
I was a little upset with well that's
fine
everyone knows pixels sucked pixels
sucked and it was a joyless suck pixels
was joyless goddamned joyless
I still have not seen that man but I am
looking forward to seeing a man oh
that's a Kaukauna ah I like pixels no no
I did not like pixels it was pixels was
a really sad experience it was really
sad and very depressing just to see 90%
of the cast not give a fuck Adam Sandler
in particular just could care less if he
was there and on it was very upsetting
No
I'm sure I love a man I I think so oh
you got a trainer battle is that good
yeah you get more XP for a tramp from
fairy battles they're a little harder
but you get more XP trainer battles
always nice
you can't catch their Pokemon obviously
not not like any of this matters for you
if you're only using your fire pokemon
because in this area I'm sure they're
all bug trainers and so yeah just just
continue with your your barrage of fire
oh yeah and you get money from trainer
battles as well
you can't catch a Pikachu in here
I think Pikachu is after the the next
town if I remember frankly gobbledygook
I am sure I wasn't projecting my own
feelings of apathy towards the film's
protagonist you can see it you can see
it in Sandler's performance he just he
is not given anything and you know like
even Kevin James and we talked about
this I think this guy cut from the
review even Kevin James is doing his
shtick and you know it's terrible it's
not funny
but he's at least trying and you see
other actors try in the movie and then
Adam Sandler comes in and he's supposed
to be playing kind of a downtrodden
schmuck but he just you can tell it's in
his eyes he just doesn't care you can
you can catch a Pikachu in here you sure
oh they're rare spawn oh well let's
grind until we catch Pikachu it's you
know it's a that's good that's kind of a
grind that's grind in the system so like
you know every every when you're in the
tall grass huh you there's a certain
percentage of it'll be this Pokemon of
this Pokemon of this Pokemon and every
once in a while
apparently in here there's a Pikachu
button so
Adam Sandler's a massive introvert in
real life I think it's causing him pain
to make movies with other people
involved why is he so famous you know
back back when he was on SNL yeah he was
the least talented member of that cast
you know what he was though he was the
least talented member of the most
exciting cast in SNL history here's what
he was here's here's here's some real
Adam Sandler talk he was different
he had a very unique stick know he said
I'm a man I thought yeah yes he was
bringing something new to the table and
what he was bringing was not necessarily
well-crafted or refined but it was
absurd and it was something no one else
in the cast did so you got to give it to
that got to give it to him for that he
did bring energy he was so enthusiastic
like if you watch Billy Madison he is
given at a hundred ten percent every
single scene and just being off the ball
off the rails it was great
he used to care about making comedy he
did watch his old movies they're great
I didn't progress right I and you know
what I liked his album like his first
album was weird his comedy album like it
was weird they were still you know
sketches it was all very strange
I'll take Victoria Jackson over Adam
Sandler think about that Victoria
Jackson not wait now R then yeah okay
cuz now she's a crazy person however um
no no Victoria Jackson didn't have
anything special doctor who made me
laugh on that show I'm not sure that
Adam Sandler ever did when he's on that
show with fucking Dana Carvey Michael
Myers no Phil fucking Hartman oh listen
I agree I'm I'm with you that he was not
necessarily the most talented person
there I'm saying my argument for Adam
Sandler is he was unique Chris Farley
yeah Chris Farley I never much cared for
is that the best SNL cast I know I know
no Bill Murray dan Aykroyd oh I don't
think that was the best day cuz not the
best cast is the best some great
individual Canadians but as a cast well
they were the best cast but they didn't
have the format exactly they didn't have
the format yeah Phil Hartman was there
you know the Phil Hartman days yeah that
came in that could have been the best
cast yeah maybe the UH you know early
I'm trying to think of who was there
like early Will Ferrell days Will
Ferrell Molly Shannon Norma Donald no no
no McDonald was part of Adam Sandler's
generation I think right after one was
noir MacDonald because he was great he
was the next iteration after that early
90s iterations starting to break apart
yeah some wherever he took after I know
he took over after around Kevin Nealon
Oh Kevin Nealon was in that fuckin cast
Kevin Nealon was in that cast - that's
right Christ yeah I think another guy to
the news okay well Kevin Nealon did the
news after
other guy who famously did the news I
can't think of this on my hand he did
Monday Night Football for a while right
uh he was not trying to complete fucking
it was Dennis Miller Thank You Chad he
was the male lead in the net
Dennis fine normal like normal Donna was
part of a good cast - I want I want to
say
oh this is tedious you know part of that
tedious might be self-inflicted I don't
know what I'm doing huh I'm training so
I could find a gym I'm looking for a gym
yeah are looking for a gym you fine I'm
looking I'm looking for Jim that's what
I'm doing but also so far you've only
been using one Pokemon that's all I have
use what it's not like it's not like the
tactics are requiring me to switch it up
that's true asking me to make seem more
complicated when it's not that's true
that's right you're right the so far the
game has not asked you to change Pokemon
you are correct
