Metal Gear V hijinx (part 1)
September 9, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p02ZfNhJy4U

that's part of my life is telling people
why I enjoy or don't enjoy things that's
that's just a part of my life and people
seem to find entertainment in me telling
them about the things I enjoy and or
don't enjoy so I'm going to continue
doing that but if you enjoy that's great
and that's true human people you know
because the the chat is only text it
does feel like the things they're typing
are a little more hostile and of course
we can't talk to them we can't heal
their tone mostly with Thanatos I'm not
going to explain that again I've
explained that to him several times why
I have done the things in the game that
I don't like doing there's no reason for
me to tell you the exact same thing over
and over again chat I've kind of read
most of the Martian oh yeah Karen loves
that book and once she's around she's
actually been like reading it to me I'm
actually right near the end though I'm
updating the game right now oh you're
doing the honey
yeah during the honeybee mission I will
say I mean everything looks clean
Oh everything looks great runs like
fucking butter I've heard it runs like
butter on weaker systems and I gave them
a lot of credit for the Polish yeah the
controls and I have not read the market
I do plan on the year I've heard really
good things about it and more
importantly I want to read it before
movie talk comes out and it gets spoiled
for me nope
it's just jumping on shit yep we're
doing the bees I also did the honeybee
mission oh yeah yeah I'm actually really
curious to see how you handle the
honeybee mission
is there any good reason to fuck around
with this guy's this is your call right
yeah I'm on the map where's my where's
my fuckin objective all the way out
there yeah welcome today or not oh fuck
oh oh they got a little gun you could
fuck you could fold them out of there
that's nice oh can you Fulton the
equipment ya know there's blood-borne
DLC coming out I did not know about that
excited about that I need any excuse to
pick up blood-borne again with you much
appreciated
absolutely
you know what fails but that's a good
question why can't snake Boulton himself
like you're in a real tight situation
just balloon yourself right out of there
awesome that would be great maybe that's
an upgrade later I do love this like
when they're looking somewhere else you
know I finished blood-borne I don't
think rich just got away from it yep yep
blood-borne is takes a commitment still
enjoyed it I finish it but apparently
looking into it I I did a kind of a weak
ending
you mind me spoiling right so I'm about
I'm about to talk about the ending I
chose for blood-borne so if anyone
doesn't want that to be spoiled heads up
you get you get to kind of the final you
know the grand hunter or whatever his
name is I forget at this point and he
asks you if you want
he basically asks you if you want to die
if you want the night to be over
and I chose yeah like I chose just death
like yeah you know cuz just how I was
playing the game it was just like fuck
it I'm done with this night you know it
because you know it was that to me the
story was all just like how pointless is
all of this slang you know like all the
blood all the monsters it so he asked me
if I wanted to die and I said yes and
that was the ending apparently if you
say no you fight him and apparently if
you have you can collect umbilical cords
you can you can die from falling it
takes a while it does take if you eat
like umbilical cords that you collect
you fight like a second boss but I chose
the easy way out because that's how I
was playing the game character wise and
and what can I shoot is there a good
reason I can't shoot can't you what your
are you see oh yeah see if you raise it
up a lot you were just you were just
blocked by NECA how do you feel about
weapons switching them I hate it I hate
it again I need to pause the game when
you switch weapons I agree I think it's
very awkward I think weapon switching is
very awkward and we talked about this on
Sunday I still have not gotten it down
switching weapons is really frustrating
it's the kind of thing you need to be
able to do on the fly guys
well apparently you can just tent-like
right now you could just tap up and
switch to your other gun which is
something I didn't tap up again oh yeah
and I didn't know that so that's like a
quick switch thing but but like and I
want to switch like grenade or why don't
I have the trophies to reflect my finish
name
that's a good question people it's like
like am I supposed to get trophies for
that I don't know that's a good question
I don't know did you not save afterwards
is that a thing
no you should just get the trophy
sometimes you'd say oh no I wonder
I'll look into that that would be that
would be upsetting oh this is pointless
this has nothing to do with my objective
I'm just mad at those we've spotted this
morning myself before the mission even
started this is absurd is the folly of
war yeah oh yeah also I didn't fight the
final boss so maybe I mean you need you
only get the trophy if you fight the
final boss that could be a thing I ended
the game on my terms
I want I was ready to die I was ready
for the night to be over
yeah Thanatos I did I have recently
discovered the quote unquote fast travel
system yes no no there's it's a it's a
little hidden but I did find it and I
think you know how we talked about the
tone of this game yeah I know sometimes
it swings wildly in more of a comedy
would you like to know the fanaticism
sure is at the front of some bases
you'll find little orange platforms and
you can put yourself in a box and sit
yourself on the platform and someone
will pick you up and take you to another
base okay it's very cute and you can you
can like steal the packing slip so you
can find out their delivery schedule so
you can go to specific bases at the same
times it's very cute it's more
satisfying to ride around with your
heart
or your puppy yeah just run around with
your puppy picking plants yeah that's
what I do
also they were telling me this on Sunday
- apparently being covered in blood
increases the probability that enemies
will detect so every once in a while you
need to go back to base to shower got a
scarf please supplies you ever do best
what did I ever do what oh wait you know
I don't you know what you know what I
hate
hmm I will say this the item problem
it's like it's like making me wait for a
menu option to take hold
I'm waiting an hour yeah that's world
but if I need several things then I'm
waiting here for 20 minutes I hate that
know the time I should know
see this is way this is just a fucking
time wasted
but anyway did you ever do this that's
some breeze dude you sure right there
no you know I really like the item
dropping system again taking away like
the base let's just say in this game you
were only in Afghanistan yeah wouldn't
that be wonderful and world-building oh
yeah that you would have to wait for all
of your items to drop what you're doing
it a lot no no just get old quick yeah
but then it would make like your item
drop some more important you know it
would make it would have me mean they
had some weight
so I actually really liked their item
drop system that's worth building to me
are they all on alert because fucking
around with that one base we wouldn't
look down on your if you did come accent
is saying once he was spotted because
the support box darling that's funny
that's that's really great I've never
I've never done that before I always
back up like I'm you know I let it drop
yeah they're all running around looking
for me ah restart where are we starting
another button
apparently octo J's puppy foxy lady
turned to today congratulations on
having uh congratulations on being
flexible oh yeah I mean rich doesn't
care about any job but I am more than
willing to talk about at his keynote
today today was the big day rich doesn't
care I fuckin watch that I love it
fucking cult and Mac right here tell me
about your new shit there's been a
little bit of time talking about the new
watch OS which everyone agrees about I
think even Apple is just like yeah we're
gonna do this so big news reveals an
applique note is the iPad pro which
according to Apple is more powerful than
80% of portables pcs on the market right
now this is very powerful
they've announced the Apple pen or the
Apple pencil which is a stylus meant
specifically for the iPad which now is
not only touch and kepada touch
capacitive sensitive but also force
sensitive so like how hard you push down
on you monster
you got a monster did you just kill your
horse it's fine he's fine sure sure I'm
sure ah screw going to war and the
horrors you've unleashed upon the Afghan
people that that means you're a big
meanie
this character is the villain of the
first two Metal Gear games I'm gonna
kill a horse this guy is a nuclear
missile in a robot that's true why does
he want why does he need more missile
why does he want that
what is he hoping to accomplish am i a
terrorist no he literally has a horn
growing out of his head yes he's he's an
evil man again what is that horn when
did I get embedded in our head I don't
remember do you remember in the opening
cutscene to talk about you and I assumed
that this happened in what was the game
did you blow someone up well you so he
blew up in front of you and you they say
that fragments of that person got lodged
in your screen yeah but that's like a
black horn thing yeah that that's the
fragment that's like growing was that I
don't rub it up being in the early part
of the game though when when you're in
the hospital I don't remember that being
there I thought that happened during the
hospital no they mentioned something
about like the fragments would grow or
something I remember that it was it was
it was explained in that cutscene all
right it was a whole thing
because I found I thought her forehead
was clear at the start of that sequence
it was well we had the bandage on it
wasn't for treating no no I know there
wasn't anything protruding basically
like a lump they mentioned something
about like there was a supernatural
thing we're like supernatural bone
fragments got lodged I know I don't
remember I'm saying it's hidden under
the bandage but I mean those bandage is
the fairly flat the skull no the
bandages were the bandages were flat I
want to say they mentioned something
about spookiness in your in your skull
ring yes snake is a horn yes yes can you
give me human on that no no you see it
there though yeah that's it right there
it's he has a black horn growing out of
his head yeah well I don't know that
it's growing I think it's lodged but
it's definitely there oh I always
assumed it was it would like grow
through I see it to me that that's what
what led me to my war is hell themed
because literally you have a horn you
you you are a demon you're filled with
trouble you're filled with demon trash
you're missing an arm you're fucked up
because of the war yeah yeah
twitchplayspokemon says that he agrees
with her that the bandages did look flat
but I believe the general consensus is
that porn was supposed to be there there
you go there you go hold on to Apple
shit God really talked about today the
important thing for me is the the new
Apple TV I'm very excited about Apple TV
it's basically Apple's broke a lot of
many knees optional he's got the
information that helped me get the other
thing yeah so so if you could use your
bat cape to glide right over there and
you could probably beat up those other
guys pretty easily you got a sneak man
you got to be Sneaky's
you gots to be super sneaks I do think
the even though far cried did this - I
don't care it's a nice compromise on the
detective vision did you have to you
have to kind of earn it
you do and I like this part of the game
I love planning your attack so here's
where these guys are this mark mark this
guy mark this guy this is my favorite
part of the game right here base and the
sneaky questions getting over there how
do I get at this guy without alerting
everybody yeah I'm just gonna have to
murder everyone or use your phantom
cigar and turn it's a nighttime cigar
that will turn tonight night you don't
know I didn't know this ago the cigars
your is your time is is e'er you easier
it makes time pass more it's it's
marijuana um is is it gets you high and
then it turns into nighttime you might
want to find a hiding space because I
don't know if like patrols come and go
yeah
mister shy smile I'm not gonna tell rich
that in rich don't look at the chat
right now rich is gonna figure this out
on his own it's not a real cigar it's a
it's a it's an electronic cigar he has
he has a vape
snake vapes in this and gets totally
high listens to some tunes and that
changes your perception of time whoa
whoa rich I will not backseat game rich
rich is gonna handle the Sun is up I'm
curious to see how rich handles missions
because usually with the sneaky stuff
rich is far better than me at it
and so I'm just here to learn well well
rich is also punching shadow okay so I
keep clicking r3 or whatever sure but I
I guess I just don't run why are you
running well that's the thing why are
you running in a stealthy use your cigar
yeah oh that's okay mr. chai smell you
you didn't know if you were helping that
rich and I are not gonna play destiny
when taking King comes out there's
nothing about destiny that sounds
interesting
yes wheeze now rich is better at stealth
games and anything gets caught I
understand
get on your idroid survived he's missing
have I been using codes in the gaming
Noack I've heard actually really amazing
things about destiny I've heard some
really good things there's no way I can
get into it I can't commit myself did I
type of game at the moment
ready blaze it 420 blaze life I just let
it go and it stops automatically maybe
you can stop it earlier that's actually
a good question hey guys can you stop
the cigar early I'd be very helpful
oh yeah that was a good close up face
shot of his horn yeah puff-puff pass me
there flipper that's right beefcake
apparently yeah you can oh if you
unequip it you can you can just stop
time whenever you want oh that's good to
know cuz yeah that happened to me the
other day was like I hit time and then
it got me to like 4:00 in the morning
and I only had a couple of hours to
before sunlight I was like oh come on
we sometimes Hellcat striker wants to
know if we ever use footage from the
livestream sometimes for some games we
do like to you know record ourselves
plays together we record the game
footage and record ourselves for this
game you know yeah we haven't just
because we knew it was the kind of the
type of game that you want to play alone
and you want to like really get into the
experience yeah that opening cutscene I
wish we would have played together and
filmed our reactions because I wish we
had me laughing at the game on camera
because of however that goes yeah and I
am recording some of my game I've
recorded a lot of the early gameplay
footage yeah and then just bits and
pieces here there I have my recorder
always set up yeah and if something
exciting happens I can just click record
and record chunks for the review and of
course we can use our our live streams
the live stream game footage isn't as
good a quality so if you ever see game
footage that's kind of like drastically
lower quality than than the other game
footage that's from the live chambers
all right now we're played for real
oh that's true captain I think the order
1886 had a bunch of live game stream
footage the Batman had some live stream
footage there's a lot of exactly how
they're sleeping people at night
yeah yeah you did people just can go to
sleep
ma'am er I don't I have not seen in the
new free version of light works sorry
cyberguy what I did go through this
section or maybe almost passed this by
the time I started screaming I forget no
no I went through this section I handled
it very differently than then Rich's
handle ouch I think just just different
there's no I'll just different
oh yeah that's right the Mario Kart
episode also had had footage from from
live streams of that yeah we use it all
the time I'll use any footage that I
think is entertaining and whether that
comes from just games what is it like
for example I'm probably going to use
the Box dropping on the horse footage
because that was a funny little moment
me calling rich a monster you know
that's funny so I will probably use that
you know what I'm gonna say I like this
a lot of differences at night with who's
where oh sure yeah after Charles moon
it's like before there were a hundred
guys on this bridge now there's like two
I was a flag Oh
ya know I like I like how patrols move
and I like how I like how they're slow I
like how like you know they they don't
walk in they they walk in patterns but
it's all very slow it'sit's a little
more realistic this isn't the first time
I've played it's the first time I played
the same section at night sure and then
a day though oh sure so I didn't know
there quite so many differences yeah but
like you know like what I'm saying is
like a guard will go to one end and just
hang out there for a couple minutes and
then go to the other and you know like
like a real Patrol
it isn't yep
that's just a great button mm-hmm oh
sure yeah and you can take advantage of
shift changes which i think is great
like again the part that I really like
about this game is the amount of
reconnaissance that you can do the slow
methodical military spy reconnaissance
oh I don't know that I found them by
accident rich are you aware that you
have night-vision goggles oh yeah okay
why am I using them I know there is a
battery life on them but you know you
could also you can I've found them
mostly to be unnecessary cuz you can
kind of see everything
like angle
taking the high road
oh they drove away tonight whoo that
Jeep
oh yeah well those all fucking around
then
fuck this waste of my fucking time hmm
great fucking great I'm looking to get
over to the G oh uh by the way I so I
got over significantly quicker than you
did as well and it's still left yeah how
did you go literally where you were
standing on that bridge when you first
got there you can just go right down
through the alley and there's not even
any guards down there yeah yeah I guess
during the day there's all those guards
looking down sure suicide right no I
didn't even walk right down there and
right to the stairway is it was really
easy so this is something I didn't
really know that this a huge amount of
difference in the garden placement at
night oh you like that huh I like that
yeah yeah
suicide rock climbing mission
she's in it you can't do it game says no
rich game says no that's a wall that's
that's just bullshit yeah I will or some
awesome person
oh I hate the I hate the open world it's
it's not an open world it's a lot of
invisible walls but well they're not
really invisible a lot of artificial
walls some invisible some invisible some
are officially yeah it's like this
fucking month uncrossable mountains
everywhere so you have to take these pre
dedicated set paths yep and I want an
actual open world I can cross as I
choose and every Road has that very
specific like quote unquote horse trail
that perfectly gets around every road
encampment yeah yeah it's a bit of faux
open-world but you know what I think
it's I think the levels are free-roam
enough that I'm ok with it you know it's
good for your base building
rich is playing this on PC
and I agree lakyn you don't necessarily
need the open world but they give the
illusion that there's an open world I'm
gonna say when I played Metal Gear Solid
the first times I didn't really know
exactly the crazy world I was getting
into sure the PlayStation 1 do things I
wanted run it again I wanted a nice
serious espionage story mmm is the idea
of infiltrating a base oh sure you know
but outside of that I also wanted
nonlinear way to progress to the base
that was really cool yeah and there's
nothing nonlinear about another gear
senator so yeah I'm in your thoughts
yeah about a bath
yeah yeah so I can I like and I don't
like the way this open world is designed
with the way you have to get through in
the obvious path hmm but I like cousin
well and the individual levels are open
yeah you can choose how you enter a
level gameplay-wise
I like everything about this a million
times more than the only other modern
Metal Gear I've played where's it at
this point is you know not really I will
admit to having zero idea how different
like like two or three are sure sure
you guys are sleeping - I played the
demo okay and I like demo but when I
read more about the story like yeah it's
even worse is even worse the story for
one what this melon gears the series I
wanted the like so bad but the story was
just so obnoxious
oh fuck oh my god so I don't know if you
know this right but if you want you can
have your your tranquilizer equipped
yeah then you gotta shoot him in the
head you could have shot him in the head
it would've been Simon they're gonna
motor strike your ass what I get for
going for the goodies yeah
he got sloppy you didn't do enough
reconnaissance you didn't notice that
there is an all other dude recently and
I like that I like that about the game
you know that's a good punishment for
not taking your time
Lord Belmont that's what I have I have
the Elgato Game Capture and it works it
works really well for some reason I'm
having a hard time streaming composite
devices but like that's what I used to
stream from the ps4 and from anything
HDMI I really like it we also have a
whole bulb I love to be able to take
like the high ground but nope can't go
here it's not on the design path
yeah it's but but it presents to you an
open world you know I I want to make
sure that like that's stressed because
it makes it seem as if it's an open
world and it's not
yeah and that's true sometimes in the
lockers you know there are cracks that
you can find that's true sometimes
yeah well and lured them out like
recording via HDMI and even recording
classic games with a composite cable
works great with my with my Elgato and
it's a really great little box it's it's
small very portable but for some reason
I can't get it the games to stream
through OBS if they come from a
composite cable let's you know if you
remember that's the issue we had with
our pokemon stream is we it just
wouldn't it wouldn't click over and I
don't know why but now streaming and
recording through HDMI works
fantastically and it's a lag list
capture I would love to find my own way
over there right you know what if those
the way I have to get there what if
there was like a like you could traverse
the mountains but that was extra
dangerous yeah but you get there a
little bit faster high ground for
surveying yeah that would be great rich
climbing equipment would be awesome yes
to be fair is there eventually climb
equipment is this a thing that can
happen know what you'll find every once
in a while is like a very obvious crack
in in a rock face and that is the area
in which you can play but it's not in
every Rock and it's only in very
specific areas and on some buildings too
that's how you can climb on some
buildings this game really really
I agree it looks great there's some
sometimes I get some weird object
detection in the game like especially
with my puppy I took my puppy on a
mission and I went inside a building and
the puppy wanted in and so his head was
just sticking right through the door you
know come on come on we're next-gen we
can object the thing you should have
used ours is yeah how would I rate
previously recorded its current brand
recognition thank you even out exactly
the same is where was when we first
started yep which I'm kind of okay with
kind of not okay with where we're
finding we're finding our way no one
worse reverse spinning in neutral we're
spinning in neutral what what we're
finding is the things we knew to be a
problem at the start are still a problem
which is it takes us a long time to play
a game and then it takes us a long time
to edit the review of that game rather
than like taking my time with Melchor I
feel like pressure medicine yeah so
we're we're at a bit of a rock and a
hard place
where in order to grow our brand
recognition we we need to do more big
games and get the reviews out soon but
we really like our in-depth folio
reviews and so that's just never ever
going to happen unless we can get three
releases which again it's just never
ever
y'see an alert I think this are many
boys that
you all are for that
even working I was doing a couple
minutes and I'll settle down
thanks too much smoking no and you know
I think like we've definitely become
more confident as streamers and
hopefully knock on all sorts of wood
we've figured out any of the weird
hardware software issues and so our
fidelity is now better
oh my god around that how do you say oh
you can't I intact yeah no I can't see
anything oh my god you made it oh maybe
we'll and that's true
ma'am rude like this dreams I think are
are coming into their own you know a
little more conversational a little more
more you know play it I think I got a
million times better in solo strips
yeah I'll just be a playing and talking
is this okay he's a weird thing and we
could do shorter like first review type
videos but there's a million of those
and I feel like there's not I feel like
there's no thing I wanted to do was in
depth yeah oh my god these missed those
first couple hate and a wife earlier
and I agree with her that I want
in-depth because one because I enjoy
that because one thing you don't see
much with games and it's true you don't
see that much with games which is why I
want to bring that unfortunately it
takes a lot of a long time to do in them
best feedback hasn't gotten the best
feedback and so then that's the trick is
like do we do it muscle forward
hello guy everything that's great snake
oh my god you have to go way back here
nothing feels worse than Justin Sacher
well that's that's that's the the catch
less sir goddess is it takes so long for
us to do the in-depth reviews that by
the time they come out it's no longer
relevant yeah but but that's the catch
because we get the game on release day
and we also have other jobs like if if
we're if rich and I didn't have jobs or
families or friends yeah we could get
these out fairly fast thinking like this
you don't want to barrel through as fast
as you possibly can right you know well
and if you barrel through you won't be
able to have the in-depth conversation
right so so that's the catch dad we do
dad we don't with the in-depth and so
for me I'm okay with with how we're
doing things I think on the Edit side I
am I'm trying to push my like rocket
League I got out and it was a five day
at it yeah and really it was a it was a
three day at it two other days I was
working on other stuff so it took me
three days after we shot that to edit it
and then two days I was working on other
stuff yeah well I got that turned around
in five days and I think that's a pretty
good turnaround yeah so that's what I'm
that's what I'm hoping to do in general
is it is a five-day turnaround
if I'm if we're really close like
already we're what a week into
Meadowview release so if rich and I
could shoot a review like early next
week I would probably try for like a
three day turnaround get it at the end
of next week they'd be really pushing it
down that'd be assuming I have no other
job yeah yeah yeah I mean we're already
pretty far off fear for sludge boy says
what if you came up with an angle for an
in-depth review like giving a game three
or four months to breathe and then doing
a hindsight review giving the audience
an entire narrative of the game's life
in the impact yeah interesting
yeah that's an interesting guy I still
think we would run into into the the
hype problem people don't care yeah
people are done hearing about you know
like if this metal gear review came out
five months after people don't want to
hear anything more right now everybody's
still talking about metal gear you know
everyone's uploading the gifts the mad
means everybody's mimin the shit out of
that if you like take it right
I mean just walk right down that Valley
and get there like a half of time all
right I mean there's probably some dudes
down here but but think about the
honeybee but it'll get you down there a
lot faster
I don't know who Jay Cutler is
quarterback to the Bears they're saying
it we would do better if we hired him
for what I don't know how interceptions
I don't understand
now you took my advice
you're way too far away actually this
might work look at all this ground
support is leaving oh except for that
guy's got a sniper there's your problem
good shot there you go now you might
have a chance so now go hide
what was that flare out the enemy's send
up a flare to help so you could so you
can just go down in that battle to the
right now you didn't even need to go as
far as I all looking that way they're
not looking this way oh sure I mean and
I think like I think you stopped them
from taking that guy which could be
incredibly helpful
but when I did it like I agree with that
I would like to do more like general
gameplay concepts videos not specific to
games but just general game
that's an alternator get their sneakers
grenade my wife oh my god
die hard motherfucker cuz if you're
gonna spy
you've got to spy hard Muslim you late
listen listen spy spoof not very good
but we're down to the themes on the card
Oh your right side what we got to do is
take a really shitty video game and put
it on a wheel of sometime
I think you're doing it right
oh you're not doing it stealth yeah but
I'd like I didn't get that guy
the time yes I can tell you about that I
can't
oh you can't get there's another set of
stairs on the other side you can likely
go right up there
yeah
do it
oh I think that was a shotgun specialist
yeah yeah come on how is every bullet
hitting that's tiny bar like I like my
bullshit yep yep
nice action movie splode it up don't
mind me just run rumors yeah ten asses
kicked
oh shit rich they're sending
reinforcements you got to wrap this up
you got to wrap this up man do you know
that you can change which shoulder you
look at when aiming you can go up you
all right
I know but you got to wrap this up
yep shutting up
yeah
don't let him man yes I didn't know you
could just throw them like that Arius
okay yeah Jesus Christ Ruth oh no and
the prison who died oh you kidding the
prisoner blew up with the truck rich
huge kind of really screwed the pooch on
this mission it's fine it's fine
so how much worse am i the jack oh my I
didn't die on this one really well not
until later not until much much later I
made it through that whole section I
think undetected no I don't consider
that I no no this is not the way the
entire game goes which was a little
which was a little haphazard with that
one I was I think we're gonna give it a
try now I wanted to I wanted to see if
you did I by the way if you would if you
would have killed everyone I think you
would have gotten that prisoner for you
no I I can't close that other sniper
yeah that fuck me I did not get that
prison it would really fucking was
picking up the wrong guy yeah I was
ready to grab him get my horse
a note the fuck out of there mm-hmm rich
went in guns blazing and that's true
gobbledygook gobbledygook says a great
point which is when I did the mission I
was not distracted by me
so rich is distracted by me did you get
you the drop did I forget to perfect
I'll tell them where to go
please select a drop point
don't drop it as requested I'll drop it
on course if I want to transfer down the
tourist man yeah where's your friend me
and he's your buddy
that's right baby I made it I made it I
got into any trouble
I was super sneaky don't do it me and
he's your buddy
he takes you places he goes he goes hey
friend why are you standing over there
friend that seems really weird I'm just
gonna eat some hay and think about my
wife and horse - halton you horrible
dickhead alright alright here we go
c-3po tato I should do another after
effects stream just to do more of those
effects I've been I've been negligent on
my space down fast I need to work on
them more so perhaps I will do another
stream just to make sure I work on
I've had work in metal gear come up so
I've been negligent on on my space back
effects oh whoa what what what are you
doing man I don't know what I'm doing
what are you doing man I don't know what
I'm doing I want to see you get to the
end of this mission
yeah I do too I want to see it's the
ends mission rich let's Karen never been
to dudes there perform can't and I
wasn't ready for it can we just take
five minutes and get your shit together
because I feel like you're not giving it
your all
