Mettle Gear Solid V The Phantom Menace (Jack Solo) part 2
September 6, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dM-zy7AGdOE

what so what could I actually gain by
enduring awful gameplay in addition to
awful cutscenes and coda conversations
adding it from drying out that's my but
no there's some fun in the gameplay so
far I'm not gonna I'm not gonna crap all
over the gameplay because so far the
game has been fine and the cutscenes
nothing's been happening so oh good we
got some people that's all that matters
the horse gets ballooned oh maybe that's
what happens good night Lloyd thanks for
coming go take care of that Babs ok
we'll do one more mission and then I
should head back to base because in
order to manage a base you also need to
stop by every once in a while to say hi
to people to raise their morale which is
a real thing oh oh oh I can construct
more platforms one or more units has
reached maximum staff capacity by
building more of the relevant unit
platforms are basically all handle more
staff base facility is great rd platform
which develops weapons which produces
materials which sports your actions and
areas operations fly drops I probably
want to increase our d because we want
to be able to develop more that's what
I'm going to guess see here mom is here
as a pay increase it was good
yeah I went on
you will be notified once the platform
has been completed great okay great
let's do a mission let's do a real story
mission here okay
I was that true you become more easily
noticed when you have blood on you okay
i don't think i got a new new weapon so
employ at night and you know Myron
remember everyone Jack does not notice
details you'll be less stressed if you
accept that fact this true and remember
I'm trying to play the game while having
a conversation with you and while
talking in general go back to base to
shower first yeah well try it will try
out the mission if I fail or go back to
base
oh I know that's true there's a big girl
in the house yeah Oh glad sneaky pinky
yeah sensei it was great really glad
they got picked up for a second season
really fun really fun also finished the
second season of black mirror no not
black mirror I'm forgetting what it's
called the one with the clones what is
that cause
how about this matter maybe black mirror
there's not worse
hold on I gotta go garden orphan black
thank you vodka gimlet finish the second
season of orphan black really really
phenomenal really phenomenal that lady
sure can act since eight yes and say
it's great all right where am I going
here it shins
oh my god am I here my goal weight more
plants or plants or bands need more
pants great here I know there's Nina
black is a common title name did the
game just started I'm pretty early in
the game I'm only a few hours into the
game it didn't just start but this is
kind of all I've been doing this is kind
of I mean as far as I'm concerned this
is the majority of the game just because
this is all I've played so far there we
go
this is like a real secure location as
walls and shit so far I've just been
having to break into shanties so this
should be well it should be fun for you
guys you guys should enjoy this but I
don't know if I necessarily will okay
there's anybody hanging out over here
any boo berry
who
there's a guy
complete probably take him out and get
some Intel get some intel on the base I
in general I'm a big fan of gaining
Intel there's a light this bright guy
there all right scan all the men what's
the name of the game sneaky sneaky
or some supplies I can Nick
great and the murder after he tells me
the information I murdered him because
he really shouldn't have told me that
information I would have respected him
more had he not told me that and then
dumped his body in the gorge right just
like they taught me at school and then
come back here steal all the stuff see
if there's a cassette tape nope okay and
then we go murder that guy you failed
right that guy failed as a soldier as
far as I'm concerned
now this truck might notice that this
guy's gone I don't know I don't know if
they do I don't know if that's a thing
but you would think you'd be like where
is the meat to be also i saw another
dude over here
understand another dude
these dudes all over the place I guess
it was just as stack of tires
at this dude we want this dude
do
ooh diamond shine bright like a diamond
there's these diamonds you pick them up
it gives you money and shit nope big old
cannon oppo over there yes I have
discovered the joy of attaching balloons
to sheep it's really dumb and ridiculous
it's ridiculous that you get rewarded
for that like I can't believe that's an
actual objective like it helps the cause
if you send sheep up in balloons somehow
I don't quite understand how it helps
the cause but you know I'm not going to
complain because it's a lot of fun
oh I did forget about the diamond at the
other base Oh sartre bhimsen where were
you oh there's blueprints and we hide
your body I think I just gotta hide your
body over here you know who's gonna look
over there nobody thanks art I oh I know
mr. chai solids explained in game that a
wildlife NGO has contracted you to
rescue animals from like the locals or
something it'sit's explained but it's
still again it's ridiculous you're tying
animals to balloons and sending them
into the atmosphere and getting paid
handsomely for it there's a guy
do want to get up a little bit higher to
see it's around the bend here but
I do some guys kind of walking around
that I haven't who there's a there is
hope you should we tagged him
tag you
I know where the prisoners yet boo
there's a blueprint over the air and we
need to get that need to get that proof
oh no this guy over here has never seen
a horror movie before he's walking alone
by himself so start playing by the way
my knock for the first time worked look
at this look at this asshole getting
lured right over here
222222
do do do I know you know what rich has
never gone into detail on his dislike of
metal gear but I think it's all kind of
standard stuff like it's it's a series
that kind of differentiates itself on
its story and its story is nuts I think
he put it the best I've ever heard it
which is people mistake convolution for
for an intricate story and that's all it
is is convoluted I don't know if he's
ever gone into more detail than that but
it's just it's just about plot for rich
and you know rich really like stories
and games and he just can't you can't
handle this one
sneak
make sure no one who yep if there's a
guy sneaking up on us can I get him
gonna kill him no don't let him look see
me don't let him see me gotta go kill
him gonna go kill this guy he doesn't
even know it oh oh shit where's that
chief gone you coming up here now you're
not coming up here
are you coming up here no crap that guy
came and spoiled my plan I was being all
sneaky like can I get him over here
don't you hear that don't you hear that
you def asshole 15 meter range on knock
thank you thank you that's what I needed
to know
analysis complete analysis complete
specialists
this guy this guy's gonna get it
oh my god there's another guy just over
there these fuckers
fuckers you're showing up wherever the
fuck they want
I know I know they're on a routine
patrol I mean listen of course I could
get it that's the game i can get it I
just you know trying to be funny how
dare they ruined my plan to infiltrate
their base as I guess the joke that I'm
making okay
this the other specialists
okay this guy is going to be tricky this
guy is going to be super tricks unless I
can
to that other guy fall asleep
snake
steak you motherfucker
Oh process materials nice thank you for
your knowledge now I'm gonna dump your
body right down here should be fine you
know just out of everyone's direct sight
that's usually the
okay I assume this guy is gonna kind of
walk out of here and I should be able to
ambush him actually you know what i
shouldn't assume that I should hide I
should hide super hidden
ok
you know why do I murder everyone mostly
because I can just because I can order
to dump that other body just kind of
over here right did I already did that
body I just disappear and I yours there
you go be with your friend okay
dude
I saw a dude
there's another dude
No
ok
analysis complete
that's a diamond right there we got a
diamond confirmed for diamond shine
bright like a diamond shit
shits in this bush you know what doing
some planks don't worry about me
no rich is not joining in tonight which
is not joining in tonight he's good
I think he's actually playing the game
tonight and he just didn't want to have
to worry about it doing it on stream
I will see who we can lure over here
with a power outage
yeah here we go this guy this fucker
right here he's gonna check on it
nope
he might be the special so I don't want
to take him down maybe the specialist no
specialist to specialist is sleeping
like this specialist do you know rich
understands riches I through the
question is so you're saying rich had
performance anxiety no rich understands
that playing a game on stream and
playing it for realsies is very
different
I just lift him up with you sleeping
mine
I'm just shoot him in the face hey guy
guess what you're my specialist now
and I think I'm far enough away where no
one should hear you over here that guy
might but nope great
is it please print over there
I think then oh yeah that's now so the
blueprint in it so then we want to get
in there
good that'll lure him out
oh shit my bad my bad it's fine
everything's fine apparently
everything's fine I did not know that I
would crash through that window and
apparently he didn't see me so it didn't
matter and everything's fine
everything's fine don't worry about a
thing sandstorm this is great sandstorms
are great i can really go fuck some
people up now
oh come on
you know what last time there was a
sandstorm nobody saw me
last time there's a sandstorm nobody saw
me alright that's fine that's fine
yeah I might not have made it a bunch of
noise I don't know listen it doesn't
matter I'm here it's gonna be fine it's
gonna be fine these guys I don't know
what's going on
doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doot-doot all your lights are
off now
we'll find a cassette tape here
Oh
that's a good idea well hi people in the
dumpster do to do this guy 20 resources
oh yeah yeah there's the idea we've
probably said the next episode will be
about Metal Gear Solid 5 like that's
that's our plan at least as of right now
I don't have enough to talk about in the
game to do a full episode but oh come on
go in the dumpster can i'll get one guy
in the dumpster at a time oh it's lame
well in here go in the stairs there
you're taking a nap you are now taking a
nap
alright here's the other name of the
game is steal all the shit gotta steal
all the shit alright well now where am I
gone where the fuck am I going
why am I even here I'm here to free
someone a prisoner if I not gotten any
intel on like where the prisoner is
I don't think I have that's all right
okay jack is a murderer and a thief yes
I think there might only be a couple
guys left there's two there's okra
come here
oh crap that's two guys those two guys
not good not good
did I miss him he's in the back room
with the tape Thank You mr. Chasma
sloppy but I'll take it sloppy but I'll
take it oh crap or not all right fucked
up
or I need I need a better rifle
ok
there we go that tape
here's where I got the tape I don't see
no oh is he in here maybe
ah great oh crap
stay down didn't I shoot you damn it
didn't I murder you violently all right
I need to make sure the way is clear
here yeah it's fine all right
listen this is not what I call a
graceful mission but it got done oh crap
okay
my diamond great I spend a little more
time looking around shit and now it's
off to murder people why are you
oh it does matter I made it
I made it so everything's fine more
stuff
right now I'm looking to see if there's
any satellite dish is any big set like
not it's not these it's like little
satellite dishes that do communications
but no it's fine okay everything's fine
look at this thing I bet I could use
this thing I think I could oh no I don't
want a fault in it no no I just want to
use it
this might have been a dumb idea
I just wanted to see what it does can I
blow these things up you think I'd be
able to know well that probably wasn't a
smart idea all right let's go but maybe
I distracted him for a little bit sit
I like out there pick up getting out of
here
whoa everything's fine you guys don't
worry about me nothing don't worry about
nothing I made it out
doo-doo-doo-doo
yeah that did not go well but you know
what we got our objectives completed we
got some extra scrap we got is that
that's a bear we should totally we
should we need to go get that bear we
need to go get that bear
oh crap oh no the makin o the bear got
me what did we learn I was trying to
fulton the bear i needed to stun him
first no no let's see whoa okay i made
it out of there at least I made it out
of the is that now is the bear still
here that's the question right oh I see
the bear
fall asleep bear fall asleep what you
have to do to get this fucking bear to
fall asleep
there we go you gotta hit that vary
quite a bit all right ready bye bear
cool yay we got the bear all right great
you just have to hit it with this shit
ton of darts hey there's my horse okay
there we go so we beat that mission
right we get to
great we did that
an epic battle yes truly the most epic
of battles but I got that fucking bear
you won't even you don't even know all
right we're gonna head back to base and
boost morale for a little bit now beat
that mission god we nailed that mission
that mission was technically a success
technically mine is this Sam still
offline
that's weird yes i will take a shower
don't go back to the base this is dambe
there I know I know but you know they're
all skilled warriors i'm gonna go ahead
and assume they can take care of a bear
i will take a shower i'll clean myself
up look how Pequod yep waiting for the
chopper there's this java get to the jab
you jab are great technically a success
is never frazee once a year yes I know
captain to pick but yes mr. shy smile I
know I know that if you click down on
the right thumbstick you switch which is
shoulder you are aiming with
is there a set in this game that even
smells like a I don't quite understand
that question that bear got us five
thousand dollars by the way five
thousand dollars for that bear see rank
see ya not my best mission not the worst
no we're so far it's been my worst
actually but I'll take it I hate this I
hate the like episodes like a TV show at
the beginning and end of every chapter i
hate it i think it's i think it's awful
and i think it's dumb
bionic arm upgrade yes I'm not skipping
I'm not I'm trying I'm trying not to
skip cutscenes do you like this game so
far I'm sixty percent like I'm I think
it's fine you know it's fine game I
don't I find nothing to be very special
about it and I find nothing to be
offensive about it so far but I mean I'm
not far in yet so that's my oh that's my
that's my big let's mosey look I'm only
five percent overall completion that's
how far in I am to the game so it's hard
to make a it's hard to make a judgment
when you're only five percent in a game
we should probably build another well
wait till once built first um returned
to mother base here it is not beaming
the only landing zone i can select it's
fine okay yes i do like the code name
for the new recruits every time you get
a new recruit it kind of randomly
generates an adjective and an animal and
that's really funny have I listened to
any of the important tapes yet no no
because I don't generally do that kind
of stuff I've not listened to any of the
briefing tapes I've now listen to
anything anything tapes also can we talk
about in this game which apparently was
a big deal that Kiefer Sutherland does
the voice for snake but so far I've
heard him say exactly eight lines in the
entirety of the game so far and I've
been playing for several hours
and it's to the point where everyone
else talks except for snake so you just
know they couldn't afford Keith Kiefer
Sutherland for that long and it's really
annoying how much everyone else talks
queefer queefer Sutherland Kiefer
keither keeper keither it's very
annoying there's a long time Oh we'll
look my puppy my puppy is here
I'm going to sneak up to my puppy come
here puppy come here puppy all you're my
papi you're my puppy on my puppy you're
my puppy you're my puppy my puppy do you
do my soldiers still respect me if I do
this you're my puppy or my puppy you're
my oh sorry this is what you do you
stand in front of people and they say
boss and their morale increases fucking
right it does come on pups let's go look
at this I'm going to walk up to this guy
oh really boom increase that morale
starting to get crowded around here you
dumb mother fucker how dare you talk to
me this is the shower sure I got time to
train with you done I like that is that
good did you enjoy that how about that
is that good training
dizzy he said thanks for that boss now
I'm gonna go play with my puppy hey hey
come here pup come here pup you're my
puppy you're my puppy or my puppy you're
my puppy you're my puppy you're my puppy
your ma puppy you're the real diamond
dog use my belly for warmth suckle
suckle from me I'm Your Mother come here
you're my puppy you're my puppy so
anyway I'll stop playing with my dog now
so that's all you do I don't you know
this is what you do in the base is you
just meet people and they say sir and I
boost morale so that's great that's all
I do is I just kind of walk around and
look for people like here's a dude there
you go I already said hi to him
apparently all right I already said I to
him I don't think there's anybody up
here this is dumb yeah this is rude this
is the dumb part of the game all you do
in this base so far I can only assume
because of the ability to walk someplace
I can only assume that there's more to
do here later or that there's like
eventually this base is attacked that's
what I can only imagine because there's
so many platforms did you hear that guys
I'd said thanks for saving that cute
little puppy get out of here can't out
of here so how many of the sniper set
beers if you had a couple we're going to
open one more but it won't be one of
those I also have some
how about developing something how about
I develop your ass dickhead I've been
developed I've been developing shit wait
what am I developing 12 more minutes and
you get a new platform twelve minutes
and it's done use of a bitch a command
platform ok let's take a look at what
these do did you say that again stop it
I can you believe this guy can you
believe this asshole all right here we
go mother base
we can develop a lot of stuff now ooh a
new Fulton who a cargo fold an added
function of gun and poo actually that's
a really great idea we want that
crazy yeah I want that Fulton that's a
good one there I developed something you
dickhead you see a kid I do I want to
steal like their mortars and shit I
wanted that Fulton let's see her added
function for prosthetic arm and it
reflex mode duration in May that my
puppy what do you guys doing to my puppy
I don't care about any of these guns
they're not as good as the guns i
already have golden tiger jack has life
what oh it's fine no it's fine I'm you
know this is just the game this is the
weird way that they break up the game
all right you know what you're not going
to get beat because you said what you
need not what you know not what I should
do yes see they asked questions and
that's fine that other guy was just like
why don't you do something why don't you
build something he was a dickhead there
we go
what the fuck are these guys talking
about okay great
it's weird that the puppies here hi
puppy puppy goes okay great this is this
is insanity what's happening right now
this is the weird part of the game that
makes me not like it okay let's see who
admission no you know let's let's make
sure we develop some shit this is the
game and if it's boring you know what
yeah it is sometimes ah i do you think i
need to get up and walk while I do this
holy oh my knees oh my knees are crash
it's important to stand up once every
couple of hours and it's been a couple
of hours see if we can upgrade to the
helicopter purpose tactical I look out
there the way I already have that don't
know faster deployment am I into it
Pizza train wants to know if am I in to
the game you know no but again I have
the game five percent completed at the
time I find sound a little weird I stood
up and I'm doing some stretches because
I've been sitting for two hours straight
how's it going boss a dick punch nice
beefcake no I'm not into it I'm not
necessarily into the world I would be
more into the world if more that weird
shit that happened in the opening
cutscene has been hat would have been
happening throughout the game but so far
it's been like just great up standard
military but again i am only 5% into the
game cardboard boxes yeah the cardboard
box joke we can be done with that now
alright let's do another mission rich is
playing the game tonight which is why
he's not around he wanted to get into
the game more today so wait hey i
actually have never used my cigar I
should use my cigar
this is my first time using my phantom
cigar great
you haven't even seen the Medicare which
is the time of the game right because
that was the title of the first game so
I did we built the thing now no six more
minutes all right let's find a new
mission let's find a new Asian what are
we doing let's do the next where do the
be sleep recover the US military's new
weapon code name honey be sure oh that's
right you can't just choose a thing
anymore you need to you need to get
picked up in your helicopter first that
room okay he takes an hour to smoke one
ISA gar oh oh crap can you guys hear how
loud that is my earbud just pumped out
of my ear he has an e cigar
I know you huebner I forgot because
that's bigoted for your first couple of
missions you just take your missions you
don't need to call the helicopter first
so I'm still in that mode hold on my
cords they're getting all tangled okay
here we go
we get it you babe yeah I think um game
theorists did an episode on whether or
not he was getting high and the
consensus is yes snake gets high and
that's how he makes time travel faster
it's an e blunt it's not just a blonde
it's an e blunt
enemies are since nearby oh ok
right
all right now we can select the mission
where do the bees sleep
then I do all the other side missions I
guess I can i will do a whole domain
will do a story mission way into the
bees sleep he's smoking absinthe that's
true that is actually true great great
I think
I don't think oh wait no no I get any I
want my other Fulton
oh ok it's upgraded already great
can be used to attract small cargo such
as machine-gun emplacements mortars and
additional personnel on animals great
all right let's go on go at night put on
some camel I've came on you know before
i start i should take them and i have
not thanked subscribers yet so i'm gonna
as soon as i land well you know what
i'll do it all of the way because it's a
goes well sir clench e bother about
Lucky Strikes red leader 91 left over
beefcake John kilo three split split
spin asst rich reads Stardust Umberto
Cabbage Patch cash a 22 smelter wedge in
all of us hair got to know no fear mo
envy Justin Holman cam flukes we very
much appreciate it buttermilk biscuits
ray I it cure riot crew Ryan you know
you know you are my turds are green and
my name is Tate thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it it's
true we do know in it's nothing oh I'm
sorry no fear no Envy on beefcakes at
which watcher thing it looked like no
fear mo envy that's you know what one
one thing we might like leftover beef
cake on the twitch chat subscriber water
which we love of course is an option to
change the font size because I often
we can read it because rich has terrible
eyes and I obviously observable eyes and
so anyway oh no the game isn't loading I
forgot to hit X sorry right right so the
ability to change the text would be
wonderful but still we love we love your
the twitch chat lottery made for us
Optimus no we are not going to play
anymore King's Quest three that was a
really bad time that was a really bad
time that was not a fun game
okay this mission is great it says jux
texts we'll see
I am I so far away from the target area
nope that's certainly not what I wanted
to do there we go
okay the rd platform got updated so now
we can update another one there we go
okay platform construction underway
according to i think john kilo you were
saying do I have another fulton upgrade
to buy second news balloon can also be
used on animals it's just an upgrade to
oh I can I could have more of them sure
why not let's get out of the way okay
okay let's just take a look here make
sure no not that one this one not that
face get out here where's my Supply Drop
why am I so fucking far away from the
drum from the emission zone where is it
hope there's oh great
okay great now I have more Fulton's
let's ride I guess where am I going how
the fuck am i this far away
shit shit
we're going over the mountain come on
horse you can make it you can make it
you can make it go go horse go cannot
worse not make it up there god damn it
you need to fold the better chopper
pilot apparently no this was the only
extraction point that was near so fuck
it we're riding the horse I don't know
if you can drop napalm in this game that
is a good question or a terrible
question depending
okay I get around this stupid fucking
mom
whoa ooh Charles boozin says just play
the most exciting rocket League match
went into overtime for like ten minutes
that's the best i love the low scoring
matches in rocket League where everyone
is just on point all game we're going to
love those matches rocket League is is
just the best game everyone knows this
everyone agrees on this there's no
controversy in rocket League except for
riches riches feelings on love and love
lost and all that but that's fine but
that's fine come on movie a horse
what oh this is why I was dropped off
here I needed to go into this base first
apparently whoa
well then why not make this the
objective like if you have to go to this
base first so what'd you do to honey bee
alright let's see who's at his base oh
here we go here we go
listening to cut scene listening to guy
scene
I share they're gonna kill
complete
ok
complete analysis complete probably have
to go safe in so we should probably do
that we jumping down cliffs doo doo doo
doo
ok
do something Jack I know hey the Rising
Sun I never said this was going to be
exciting tonight I just said we were
playing metal gear and sometimes that
means sitting for long periods
my plan is to go in guns blazing just
because literally I don't have any other
plan I have a sniper rifle like I guess
I could pick off some people what's over
here oh all of those set of stairs who
they're leaving I think that might be a
bad thing well they're going that way
that's fine that's fine everything's
fine
analysis complete
ok
not because the other guys are having a
conversation I can't hear what this guy
says so I'm going to kill
that's fine
hey Ken its here thanks for catching the
show
