Operation Dumbo Dropsy (Part 3)
September 30, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CZD18vbuAn4

name another popular parody artist we're
now does have the market pretty much
cornered but I'm gonna say Richard
Cheese I don't know Richie's is
basically it's kind of a joke name like
dick cheese but he does he let his love
song versions of like pop songs lounge
singer style it's pretty funny no
there's one gimmick though it's always
got but oh yeah no I didn't you know I
think this couple time here whatever
songs it's abusing you know I think that
and there are the there's there's like a
peppering here and there you know like
there's the bluegrass version of gin and
juice that's a fun you know I always
like that when someone takes a song and
does it in a different style there's a
bunch of that like when I remember that
Rebecca Black Friday song nope the
notoriously bad it's Friday Friday oh
yeah yeah there was a slew of musicians
doing like the real version of that song
like here's what here's what it was I'm
like if there were talented musicians
and towns and singers doing that song
and I wow that was amazing I mean yeah
the truth hurts sometimes bridge the
truth hurts I wrote that song you were I
would believe that yes we bought rich
we've all heard you write music before
her had did write music for the Western
or four musical that's that that is the
crappy music I was referring to I didn't
I didn't form it very well but I stand
by the lyrics
yeah sure what do you need again just
not need anything
can I hug you hey man do you hug no you
don't like clowns why don't you like
clowns man shouts mich nicht wahr who
are ya you know one of the stone
monsters that chases you in the last
stages of crypt of the necrodancer is
called a guar Goyal nice nice if i ever
played The Witcher Wild Hunter do I have
any plans to I played the first Witcher
and I couldn't get into it which
prevented me from even from the the
second one or the third oh yeah I like
the Brett Domino trio they're funny
they're they're a YouTube Music Group
they grew popular when he kind of did
generic he kind of did like there to be
stupid style like genre parodies yeah
that he yeah the gag was I'm gonna teach
you how to write a pop song in the style
of and him he would just kind of break
down how Pete how artists get their
songs but he has a fun personality deep
breath Domino trio good stuff
what do you do dawg what do you do think
about that for a second dog what do you
do rich but I don't know what to do i'm
stuck what does what do you mean you're
stuck I don't have to like you're stuck
you can't move like is it a glitch it's
not a good guy it's not a good kind of
stuck it's a it's a I don't know what to
do now oh but wait wait you can't move
or you can't move you mean you mean you
just don't know what the next solution
is or your character is physically stuck
spot in place oh yeah
oh I get what all these things mean now
what
what hetero atom I don't know what I'm
doing I have no idea what I'm doing dead
dog flower oh that's right there was a
cemetery oh man I know I forgot
something there was a nasty very nasty
flounces Witcher 1 is carried by its
excellent story I didn't get that far
into it i mean i wasn't i hated the
gameplay in the witcher 1 hmm i plate I
didn't even play much of it I i thought
the main character was just kind of you
know i mean is just generic that ass guy
yeah maybe this is audra really amazing
things going on right I couldn't get to
it you know that's so many characters in
so many days it's fine in the right
right game right story you know Eric
badass sometimes you want an art type
archetype yeah oh sure no you know and
then that usually helps bring secondary
characters to white not I don't want to
get into it but that's part of the
reason why I did like quiet so much in
Metal Gear Solid as you know snake I
thought was the typical badass and then
quiet was this like equal badass and
they had to work together that's kind of
why I liked her character is they
because they were so similar and I
thought they worked well together so yes
I agree that typical generic badasses
can work sometimes
got to go to a cemetery gotta go to go
to a cemetery got to see a man about a
horse I got stopped drinking this coffee
it's far too late to be drinking coffee
will you ever play deus ex human
revolution i really think you'd like it
I'm trying honestly I'm probably more
likely to play the original deus ex
before I get to the rebate
sure I know deus ex is one of those
games that that is a generally agreed
upon as to be good good
I know nothing about it because that was
a that was that was a pc game right deus
ex yeah yeah and so that was that was
one of those that a poor old console
Jack couldn't play
no okay that was a really good idea
someone someone in Chad had an idea of
putting the flower in the dog grave but
that's not working people mr. Pibb says
human revolution is superior to the
original deus ex doesn't human
revolution keep forcing you in the third
person every now and then which would
just just keep ruining my immersion in a
in a game where the orginal was famous
how immersive it was it seems seems
counterintuitive to be I don't know
I did it rich congratulations I feel
really happy so something that's really
important in this game which is mildly
like frustrating but also endearing is
you need to go to places at different
times of the day yeah my clown is
hugging and kissing people and I love it
so this I was correct by the way this
man's wife died and I had found a locket
of his with a picture of him and his
wife in him but he wouldn't accept it
from me because I think I'm the clown
that caused the fire that killed his
wife okay okay and so he saw mean he was
mad at me and so I had to catch him in a
situation where he didn't see that I was
the clown where his back was turned to
me and I think that makes this game kind
of brilliant I'm a little in love with
this came right out rich okay so
I didn't get any items from I'm using
all my items but I didn't i'm not
getting new items mr.boob says talking
about the deus ex and going the third
person only for takedowns the original
deus ex is none of the benefits of
gaming past nineteen ninety whereas
human revolution is the superior game
with superior gaming sensibilities some
of my favorite games are pre-1990 is
superior about it no could be a an
overall smooth indicating i think its
generals shooters are less fun than they
were in the 90s indian general looks
aside not just looks there's a whole
smoothness thing
okay so now this guy's happy so now i
can talk to this guy now he says clowns
are okay
oh I remember I remember Dracula mask
I got coin do okay great now we are
progressing I had to go back to the
cemetery that's what it was
yes yes Tiberius Kirk I'm sorry that i'm
bumming you out I'm sorry that the game
is bumming you out ah this is brilliant
that's just the art style and the story
are so contradictory you know like the
goofy world but the clown is so evil
looking but he just wants to hug people
it's beautiful it's beautiful man I
fucking love it man I'm fucked up man
purse them bridge remembering name three
things aren't as tough a blog over at
the saying it's not superior just
different he'll human revolution has
much better world building and art
design but the original has a smarter
story arguably more freedom in gameplay
see the more freedom and gameplay that's
it seems like what I'm it would be more
interested in and that was in the older
one uh ya know supporting what something
Lucky Strikes maybe you don't understand
that this is not an a side scroller this
is an arty farty game but this is not a
side-scroller this is a point-and-click
adventure game so why don't you back the
fuck up why don't you come at me bro
I do nope no i don't i like got out of
you get out of here yes i do believe i
own a copy of the original deus ex oh
it's in my Nebulon i'll get around to it
eventually he quote problem with modern
gaming at least with Steve as the stupid
shit play is the horrible problem yes
Oh
if you ever gone through a time when you
didn't feel like playing games I'm going
through the right now and it's
depressing oh yes there are plenty of
other valuable things you can do with
your time I mean if you don't feel like
gaming maybe you know start start
reading the book yeah I didn't feel like
gaming for like a week after I've played
to the ending of mass effect 3 and like
killed any interest I had in gaming but
for like for like a week don't want to
know and I want to touch a new comer
games then that is very sad yes
that may I ask why you don't feel like
playing games right now is there is
there something that happened was there
an incident who-who's and this new jack
sometimes someone yep I chat is
constantly scrolling all the time I lost
who that was I don't remember but yeah I
can only assume everyone feels like that
at some point or another then you just
take a break great
oh great future future Jace is that he
gifted up yeah I want to say we we got a
copy of deus ex in the either the prereq
account or rich your eyes accounted
somewhere it is somewhere
oh yeah oh it's son your item thank you
40-foot walrus saying maybe the person
is easier to scare at night we have to
wait for it to be the night time it is
now desk there was a tree that looked
like it had a face can I hug trees is
that a thing that guy can do of course I
can hug everything else responses rich
school work has been piling up and
nothing is catching my interests at the
moment well you know what your
schoolwork should probably be a trap if
you don't feel like playing games and
you have schoolwork I mean and they kind
of a blessing still I playing something
sooner or later will catch your interest
or it won't what you just mean you found
other things to do with your time
everything's gonna be like everything's
gonna be fine just use the time to do
your schoolwork man
rich and rich and or jack how did you
know your significant others were the
one for you years of diligent research
oh so many ladies I went through thank
you I knew Karen for years we were close
friends before we were a couple i just
knew her that well we were close hmm and
it takes like six time and get to know
somebody before jumping in you might you
might not know right away that's really
true yeah same with me Lisa we we were
friends first and she was she was
actually when I first first met her she
was dating a friend of mine and then we
kept doing similar things and realized
that uh
we would rather just spend time with
each other do you still talk to that
friend of yours who she was going out
with and is it awkward oh god no I mean
listen listen I'd ok Lucy and I James
have been dating since high school that
doesn't mean you still don't know this
guy oh right but I'm even like at that
point if he's still hung up on it then
yeah he's got some issues so
what what is this thing
hey where's my house hey don't go in
there bro oh he's gonna buy booze with
my dime oh that dickhead so I'm buys
booze I suppose it makes him happy all
right well I just want my hug he left me
before I could get my hug there we go
okay cool great
I just wanted to make sure I could get
my get my hug good points you know cuz
that's the important part yeah but uh
yeah you know there's no you know you
know and you know what I went like when
Lisa and I didn't talk about getting
married and stuff it was just kind of
like sure obviously like like but but at
that point i guess i need to go back in
in the story a little bit more lisa and
i had been living together for a long
time before we got married which by the
way is something i really recommend yeah
yeah being kerala beautiful you need to
understand what it is to live with
someone before you are willing to marry
them see I've heard the opposite I've
heard like poles and what studies have
shown that people who live together
their marriages don't last as long as
people who didn't I've heard this
somewhere before by peoples you know and
all i know is like after after like a
year of living together before we were
married finally we stopped like putting
on faces you know like when you know
when you don't have your own space to go
back to and you just have to put up with
each other that's when we started to
really get comfortable around each other
you know because like if you live
separately yet you always have your own
place to retreat to you know you can
always go you know get dressed and get
ready to go out but like man you live
together you see everything at their
worst
and so I guess I recommend it i don't
know if it's you know I don't know if
everyone recommends it
but I recommend it I'm sure it's fine
I'm sure I'm sure obviously it worked in
your case Jack right yeah did Lee said
know about my conning days yes Lisa knew
about my function she was around during
my clowning days we met up we meant
doing here I'm sorry Clem Fandango
saying that the the pole I mentioned is
BS because he and his wife lived
together they've been married 15 years
definitely certainly live together first
you know I think it's really important
and you know and you know I think it's
important just because like i said the
really important thing about it is
making sure like being in a situation
that you can to retreat from like oh you
know whit maybe we were mad at each
other right maybe you had a little fight
but it's late at night and there's like
nowhere for you to go and yet you are
living in a one-bedroom apartment and so
he just have to find out what its gonna
be like to sit next to each other when
you're mad at each other i I do reckon I
do recommend having some kind of room
that you can go in to get away I think I
think there's something to be said for
that oh oh it is important but like i
said it's it's all rolled into one where
yes it's very nice having your own space
but often you don't have your own space
so learning how to deal with that excuse
me officer
oh I got my satanic mixtape back that's
great I sell that to the guy I was Oh
mom excuse me
no I did not make my wife live with me
on the farm before we got married that
would be funny hey you want this satanic
mixtape
how can you find a relationship if
you're cynical though find somebody as
cynical as you are I'm cynical and I
found somebody it's doable it's due
thoughts on tinder and okcupid
relationships tinder I have I have
single friends who show me tender ah and
I am blown away I think it's amazing you
know the efficiency of rejecting people
now now now no yep now yep no tinder is
I mean it's one of those like horrible
beautiful things I would have no idea i
met I met Karen and reality I've never
had any need or use for tinder Oh Joe oh
sure I'm just saying it looks like it
looks it looked like something i would
use all the time and just never follow
through because I'm a shy person I 79
says rich did you ever tell your
significant other about the magical
night with the Wendy's commercial guy
haha she was so is there I I
deliberately left her out of that story
just in case mike was gonna pull some
shenanigans which but you did but no I
mean it was it was this guy and his
fiancee with me and Karen they was it
was kind of our first couples friends no
yeah another couple you can hang out
with goody maybe it would have been
better if I just said as much but I
didn't when I didn't want dragon carrot
into it if Mike was gonna pull something
so i left that out which gave it a
mistake
and it's just funny
Ryan she's talking
this lady this lady right here this this
redhead right she's talking about
somebody smoking and that's making her
upset who's smoking the pots right yeah
she sees someone that's smoking the pots
and is upset by that and the church lady
is also talking about people smoking the
pot and how that's wrong and the church
ladies upset because nobody's in the
aisle for her right so you want to get
these two people hooked up how do i how
do i hook up these people and I have no
idea bring her a church thing and she'll
know to go to church and then when she's
at church than the one lady he'll be
happy but somebody being out of church I
guess the birds won't stop exactly so
how do i get so that's what i'm looking
for now I was like some sort of I see
that no I see that you're pointing into
that lady and I wanna what can I do lady
what can I do oh I have a love you
Dracula no isn't it oh and just want to
interject really quick here that last
best of the worst with Mike and the
flask all improvised we don't know
script jack shit that's the worst very
rare and you know sometimes if we have
like deal the the only thing scripted on
best of the worst is sometimes we say
well what are we going to do for the
opening bit and it's it's only scripted
to the sense that we talk about in
general what we could write right but
it's some funny yeah what do we got okay
you stand over there and and look as a
distance never any kind of script oh god
no
and especially the discussion everything
that happened completely spontaneous
news Oh
half in the bag is the enemy booze was
in the flask booze booze was in the
flask yes that is a that is real that is
all real Mike was drinking that's the
norm maybe I can scare that little girl
this is going to be mean I'm going to
try to scare this little girl with a
vampire mask
if there is no script how do you
rehearse me we don't rehearse mess of
the West but we sit at a table and we
talk and shit happens yeah what do you
mean rehearse
what booze I don't know what I don't
know what he was drinking but I do know
this alcoholic that's all I really know
I believe it was a it was like a jack
and coke concoction it was like there
was a cocktail in there think up is what
I believe
why do I have iron man pants I but these
iron man pants are equivalent our parrot
of a doll check shadow sank plant the
rose when she's not there at night ah
it's the bits mr. ribs that's exactly
what it is thank you that's exactly what
it is nice nice guys you know what that
is that's fucking teamwork right there
I go over here I'm gonna sleep all right
come back when it's nighttime who this
this is a good question what was worse
the jar or the tomb the jar jar the jar
was the tomb was triggered brain off and
forget about it because everything
that's going on so boring the jar was it
was actively making me angry at how
obnoxious it was yep the jar was beyond
obnoxious yep arthouse fuck tunturi
is what the jar was I can't I I can't
even that fucking jar mad fucking jar
how much go sorry as I just said Jack
look so angry at the jars existence yeah
yeah yeah it's fucking awful white why
do you think we melted it in essence
tone there we go the dog digs up the
flower then I plant the flower it
out of the way dog
you can you can send us those three
weird kids movies but there's no
guarantee we'd watch them because we we
do get a lot of shit a lot of movies and
usually they're picked shortly before we
actually film we we have used we have I
want to say the last year we sat down
and made a ton of lists yeah episodes we
wanted to do of movies we own we've
never used it we have never ever used it
and that is so upsetting to me I'm
whistling alone when I went when I
messing right now we planned rich we
planned and we said oh these are all
moves we could do and like oh this would
be a great three movies this would be a
great combination this would be a great
conversation we have never touched it
isn't that upsetting to you know we just
sound like we haven't watched movies
just a way if we have it has been the
pre-planned sets we talked about maybe
doing this fine we've got good material
a lot of what we've watched oh sure sure
I'm not saying we haven't I'm just
saying wouldn't it be amazing to cross
those off our list don't you find a
satisfaction in making a list and then
crossing things off of the lists oz
Mike's is set as a bunch of us
assploitations films but so far nada
you've seen our wall though right trust
me it's it's not personal and there's no
guarantee that those movies won't end up
eventually right I mean they might show
up in a year or two your style you might
see them it's just there on the wall and
what do we watch the hell where we got
what do we got that's how it works
usually yeah usually it's it's just we
we all get together and say we do this
one maybe we do this one I'm right now
and and because of movie dicks and
because someone sent me a link I'm
looking up how to get a physical copy of
Double Down which one is up it is a
movie by hold on everyone in a moment
after I tell you this directors name I'm
gonna I'm going to ask you to leave the
stream for a little bit and Google this
because you need to it's that it's that
important it's that important that you
go Google and double down which is a who
Neil Breen which is a Neil Breen movie
it's called double down and go go look
up the trailer for that movie and and
someone tell me how to get a physical
copy of it because I was looking for
maybe an hour today on how to get a
physical copy of this movie and I
couldn't find it anywhere and it looked
amazing rich mind-blowing Lee perfectly
amazing so if you are a fan of bad
movies which I can only assume most of
you are you get your you get yourself
some double down
apparently this neil brand is like a
wealthy real estate agent in Las Vegas
okay and Heston has decided to use his
money and spare time to write direct
produce and star in his own movies that
sounds like a perfect recipe yep don't
tell me anymore I won't tell you
anything more it is absolutely a pervert
dress pant
also people who was sent up saying
cintas things sometimes just movies we
haven't watched because there's
something physically wrong with the tape
and we just can't oh yeah that really
happened that that whole tape stick yeah
now that that really happened you know I
mean they're not they're not brand-new
wood any more of these tapes sometimes
there are problems yep hey why you sad I
gave you money to drink you shouldn't be
sad no more oh he's an architect not a
real estate agent I'm sorry I'm sorry i
sent him i sent him a tweet today asking
because he's promoting his net his new
movie which you can get physical copies
of but i was unable to find a physical
copy of Double Down
and and so I tweeted at him today to try
to find that but mr. bibs is suggesting
that you break the fire hydrant causing
it to rain so the ladies who are
complaining it's too hot or not as time
oh I don't know if I can break the fire
hydrant I believe if you look over here
you can see an ice cream stand right and
i believe i need to give this guy
something so I can get some ice cream
out of his ice cream stand okay that's
the end and he wants a record of some
kind but I need money to buy a record
and I don't have any money so but you
know what let me try let me see what I
can do with this fire hydrant over here
I heard you might be too far away and
it's just this one this one girl is
complaining about being hot now did the
tomb actually play backwards when the
cassette was tampered with it there was
no video was the video just like a blue
screen is what we got Jack do you
remember yeah it was just unreadable
video there was some very creepy
sounding backwards audio like the wrong
pitch yeah and it was it was very creepy
and very noticeable I don't have any
money to buy ice cream Jay has thought
about using it for something because
it's really fucking creepy yeah
is wonderfully creepy
who can I scare with my Dracula mass
rich who can I scare with my Dracula Mia
I got it was somebody being bothered by
something that you can scare where does
somebody just flat out like Halloween
nobody there there's a there's a lady
who has a dracula thing she okay well
that might be a hint but I've already
been there Namath nin nin mandados did
you just watch the trailer for double
down doesn't it look fantastic someone
someone tell me i could get a physical
copy of double down
ah so there was a lady who has a whole
Dracula thing she says that Dracula's
are clowns and so that's why she won't
let me cross her bridge but i didn't i
use the Dracula mask on her and it
didn't seem to do anything just people
want you to hug the chicken guy again
yeah yeah all right
nope yep that was it oh he is really
upset with me
oh and then I get a chicken head mask
there we go alright i guess i can see
that puzzle little BS
but I suppose I did hug him before and
he initiated a thing before okay all
right pause no that is double down a
surfing film here so here's the hard
part with finding a different digital
copy or a physical copy of double down
is there is double down the Neil Breen
film double down a surfing film and
double down a poker film okay yes which
one is which which we're looking for
we're looking for the meal green double
down okay and I know on the YouTube
video it says it's available on DVD and
netflix and I have found it in either
place much to my chagrin I have found it
neither place what did I get oh I got
the chicken mask okay I know where I
know did you know
and there is a double down at KFC you
are correct damn we're best off nothing
Thank You of that oh god no it's a
that's not a good food and I've eaten it
I mean someone says you can take a
crucifix from an old homeless lady okay
great I'm reading I'm just reading
things that's what I do I'm saying Jack
he took his first two movies out of
distribution oh well there you go well
there you go and a hug a chicken let's
hug Dude chicken and I feel pretty good
about that I'm gonna see if I can hug
this chicken now i can't i can't hug the
baby chicken
Muriel I target done yeah I know and I
he that I think the the real problem
with finding a physical copy of double
down is that he has what were you just
put were you just pulling your cock out
of your pants yes the I just that what I
just saw the creepy clown just pulled
the cock out of his fans and flapped it
around for a bit ok I did get it there
yes Neil Breen has recently discovered
that there is a market for B movies and
that many people are comparing him and
his movies to the room and him to timing
or so and so I believe he is
capitalizing on that look up which
unfortunately means that finding his
movies might be difficult because he's
trying to like sell them to people or
wouldn't
but all I know is I want to see it see
here's what the robot legs are for don't
know if I put them here now but get your
hand out of your pants robot robot clown
one
okay but I've heard equally bad things
about what's his other see here's the
thing chat with Neil Breen we need the
physical copy if we're gonna do it on
best of the worst digital copy we can't
hold that up and this is what this is we
can look at the box so it's part of it
is so it would be significantly better
if we had a physical copy if a physical
copy does not exist then we won't have
to get creative
but we'll cross that bridge when we
cross it I guess faithful findings
faithful findings is the one
oh my god Oh rich there's a dream world
oh my god
if you if you were seeing what I'm
saying now you would be saying that for
real and not sarcastically so faithful
findings is apparently the game or the
the movie then is gaining the room like
following for Neil marine I feel like
I'm gonna sneeze you then just nice just
do it no I loved it don't have to but
yeah of course every time you say you're
gonna sneeze then you don't see how it
works I'm okay with that I like I don't
I don't enjoy sneezing in general so I'm
okay I love saying it's very cathartic
then i got i have a good hearty
full-body sneeze everything seemed nice
you die I go my go all in with my
sneezes I'm who's what i'ma say this is
the very first time I've ever heard
anyone be proud of their sneeze that's a
that's a first for me and so
congratulations I I had a math class
once and this one girl in the class had
just the most adorable stays had ever
heard I mean it literally sounded like
yeah I mean that's what it sounded like
all right and every time I heard it just
in class out loud I couldn't help myself
Oh
well and did she think you were an
amazing weirdo maybe I don't care i I
couldn't help it Steve's was adorable
yeah she should be proud that's that
sneeze was an icebreaker Oh always me oh
that's amazing I'm not saying it's I'm
not saying it's bad that rich is proud
of his knees I'm just saying I've just
never heard anyone be proud of their
sneeze before it's since I'm proud of it
i just got a hearty sneeze that's
enjoyable you you are self
congratulating yourself on your sneeze
us proud of your sneeze Ryan uh-huh yeah
other people are envious of your sneeze
I don't know that I go that far I just
know I enjoy my sneeze very much
I have reached a new area and I think
I'm more excited about this than I
should be he hears things and it doesn't
like it money is burning money is
burning what oh my god I don't know what
to do you're having tomato no that
doesn't work okay I gotta go I gotta go
you smell bad puzzles puzzles rich I
love them I love to do him oh there's a
little rap thing oh my god this is he
okay you're hungry this here's the thing
about this point and click adventure
game I am still incredibly interested in
it oh my god I'm super psyched about
this game but I think I think I'm ready
to call it as far as the stream now now
that we've ended our fascinating sneeze
talk we I think it's time man it's time
to call this because because this is
what I can read cuz it's on the screen
right now crack cocaine thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it it's
true we do okay but i do have the chat
launcher up with v Leslie new larger
font thank you left over beauty it's so
much easier to read them I last nineteen
eighty-four the real Quaid bahaha boot
bahaha bot Theodore J hooker lace dress
each letter I can't read it well I could
read it that's like I should I could
read it cuz it's on the screen now and I
feel like I should do some of these go
on I'm sorry where the lake sir Hilary
man fat my turds are green Walt haizen
beard full tour
Cora Dan Miller unicorn on fire Richie
have a new subscriber called unicorn on
fire mmm dear I'm not saying I'm nothing
I'm done I'm done magma otter stew 91 I
stone badger yeah ed witten spike 1382
dig the birthday boy and it guitars oh
thank you for subscribing we very much
appreciate it it's true we really do you
really do um and by the way y'all should
I know I've spoiled most of the puzzles
for you but get your get yourself on
some dropsy the clown that's just a
little way too much fun I enjoyed this a
lot i'm gonna i might finish this game
which is saying a lot for me so good
night everybody thanks for coming adios
oh did we want to tell them about
