Rocket League Challenge (Part 3)
September 23, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IDOHWnW9B8c

trivia trivia alright trivia let me
think of a good trivia question here
before I'm I need to wait for day
because I don't know if I exactly know
the Empire the the answer that's usually
yeah not a good sign when you don't even
know the answer hold on does that mean
anything to you don't say it out loud
it's spelled wrong hold on oh I I don't
is that I don't recall the name I don't
recall it all I I don't remember I
believe that's what it was
I'm trying to think of something from
that you know then because that's a
that's a deep cut trivia question I
think you know and I believe that was
the name of the thing Jay might know
that might take a while people to get
yeah well that's the hope is that but
you know that's a that's a die-hard fan
and you know it frees up the whole lag
thing we're waiting on Jay to to confirm
what if he doesn't remember then we'll
have to think of something else start
thinking of another piece of trivia from
that thing hold on we're getting there
guys Jay you don't say it out loud okay
is that the name of that do you remember
you don't remember I don't know oh we
need another piece of trivia I want I
want a piece of trivia from that people
are complaining that there's a little
bit of a lag you know like a third over
C so if I just say type in a word
they're at a disadvantage oh sure I'm
trying to give them a piece of trivia
okay
I mean that's easy is it is it cuz
that's the answer right okay sure
okay that's easy but that'll be okay so
here is the trivia question named for me
the video that was the first appearance
of fuck bought five thousand okay who
can name that for me and they the name
of the video I'm watching I'm watching
although technically they could name two
separate videos there it is
so the full name of that video is the
great Space Jam okay not because I see
some of you saying like Space Jam great
Space Jam the full name of the great
space is the great Space Jam and so that
goes to Zeno TRO as I say they could
also have said whatever episode the best
of half in the bag that was but that I
mean the actual heavy bag episode
whatever the for sure that is
technically the first video where you
see the great Space Jam well we showed
the great Space Jam first know it's
shown at the end of the episode
well well at the end of episode but the
video played at the film festival first
that's technically the first yeah
alright fair enough
Oh Zenit rope SS abstain I don't own
rocket okay
alright you know what fine oh just wants
to watch rolls I see I see
next I guess Caesarion fart Caesarion
fart you are the next subscriber to save
the great Space Jam Xia Xia trouble
what's what do you feel you just like to
answering it okay Caesarion fart you
will play us
assuming you have rocket League and he's
trying to get us a gift him rocket
League right is that what you need Zeena
trouble do you need a copy of rocket
League okay hold on
Caesarion fart I'm about to send you a
message this is for Mordor rocket and
the the room the room name is Priya
still the password to get into it will
be I've just sent you the password and
rich this is your play I don't for this
time oh my god yep four characters we're
moving up in the well you know I've been
doing three characters a lot so I just
wanted wanted it to be even for everyone
Xena Xena trope here's here's what I'm
gonna say you met message me on Twitch
and I will gift you a copy of rocket
League if you know I cuz I enjoyed that
I enjoy that you just wanted to answer
the clip if you would like it Xena trope
send me a twitch message and I will
steam gift you a copy of rocket ready
you better get inspected I'll get there
you just worry about you
all right defend our Mordor rich defend
it I'm working on that
Oh God look at that right away yeah
right away Caesarion fart gets in there
right away someone let's think Sabbath
habit in before Xena Trump doesn't have
a steam account steam accounts are free
if you would like it and you have a
steam account which you can get for free
listen could you just as easily gift it
on the ps4 I don't know if you can do
that I don't I don't even I don't know
if it comes out if it's a physical thing
and I don't know if you can gift digital
things on the ps4 I've never attempted
to this is the thing the chat knows oh
he has a steam account zenit or has his
team kappa but that's actually a good
question can you give some stuff on
there can you digitally give stuff on
the ps4 I don't know why they would give
you less opportunities to buy things
that's a good point
it's a fair point no people are saying
you can
and other people are saying you can't on
the people I don't you know you can buy
a PSN code on Amazon and send it okay
well so you have to go through a third
party oh that's right sorry
Caesarion fart got a little a little
excited there yeah oh is that true Jay
are the red letter media archive DVDs no
longer available uh yeah it's it's out
of print at the moment oh there you go
you know what it's in the Disney vault
right that's in the vault
locked away forever that was always it
you can still buy the digital version of
it oh okay but the actual but the the
physical disc is out of print and what
is the physical disc AB but the digital
the only thing different is that it has
commentary track okay which really I
mean that's the only thing that makes it
worth it yeah I'm trying to drive a pipe
for it I'm kind of you know this is
pathetic
that back and forth right there yeah
that was eyes remember what a big deal
that was when something was coming out
of the Disney phony or rich what I had
no racket no but you were just you were
off you would have had that do they they
still do that I'm assuming no they they
just only release movies for a brief
period of time and then they take it out
of lease I don't know if they do that
anymore cuz that was the whole thing was
like to give you the illusion that this
is something unique yeah oh yeah it was
all just marketing of course well but
also back in the day remembered like
there was very little options to get a
video that's true and so it probably was
and uh it was of course a marketing
tactic but it was probably real shit oh
and apparently they'd still do that yeah
I mean it doesn't surprise me
nice cool nice intense game shadow of
Mordor the ps4 physical disk right here
right now
hi game I think my parents basement is
still littered with those giant
clamshell disney cases those are
collectors items
oh that's bullshit let me see that
let me see that goal Oh Richie got a
jump you got a jump on the one for v1
yes Jack is getting to look yeah -
Richie was not happy with that
oh nice dead ball actually I think those
like those crime shells are worth
something I don't think so I bet if I
bet if I went to ebay you know you'll
get five bucks for them five well can't
imagine they're worth anything
which one let's go to ebay here real
quick look up any of them look up The
Lion King
well lion Kings out up there they're all
out on DVD that's why they're not worth
anything
hey what about uh what about Cinderella
VHS I did mean Cinderella VHS oh I see
you were wrong it's not five bucks it's
a 149 overestimated okay oh here's a
couple for one cent for fifty yeah okay
yeah yeah no no no that's a VHS in
general is not worth anything unless
it's something super rare that's not
available in any other format there was
for the longest time the most rare VHS
was a movie called tales from the quad
dead zone it's just like shot on video
like horror anthology thing uh-huh
someone in the chat is bringing up
something what about rarer copies of
Little Mermaid box that had the penis Oh
in the dick on it that might be worth
something wait the quad dead zone Awad
dead zone the quad dead zone for the
longest time it was the Athena Guerrera
wrists like officially released VHS yeah
and as a result VHS collectors like in
the last few years they were clamoring
for it because it was so rare sure so
copies were going for like six seven
hundred bucks like a lot of money yeah
and now it's on DVD
and so it's not worth anything all those
people that spent hundreds of dollars to
get their Celtic tales from the car dead
zone now it's worth noting you know it's
still worth something they want to be
one of the best I forget where I heard
this one of the best like sales thing
I've ever heard is something is only
worth as much as someone else is willing
to pay for it oh yeah I bet there are
still VHS collectors that are willing to
pay a decent price for an original VHS
copy of the clawed dead zone oh nice
save how could you ever name it that
quad bed what I haven't seen it it
supposed to be terrible
I'm sure we have it someone sent it to
us oh really the DVD version yeah I've
never watched it and don't you don't you
kind of want that VHS / yeah no I don't
care yeah oh come on can up a little bit
shirt come on rich kid I got it that was
sloppy rich those slop check them up by
- fuck you J Broda I'm interested in
Star Wars Battlefront I remember having
a lot of good time playing the old
battlefront games I just hope they don't
get crazy the the gameplay they showed
us at e3 was pretty cinematic heavy and
that's not what the old battlefront
games were about they were just about
fighting shit I've heard it's
multiplayer only now man I'm fine with
that
how do you have cinematics heavy
multiplayer only game how does that
happen
I don't know that's I'm saying the
gameplay footage was heavily cinematic
so Madden oh maybe they have a offline
mode or something I don't want that I
want like this is the battle you know
this is the Hoth battle choose a side go
who wins that's the fun stuff on Star
Wars Battlefront
nice oh my god oh that's right they did
remove the space battles which you know
that's fine whatever course Lauren that
was a a closer game than the score would
indicate good game good game you almost
said yourself shadow more door buzzes
this is why we waited on the big the big
ticket item that's true what do we do
here like we can't just not give them
out well if people don't earn it
people don't earn it that's do I hear
some crazy what crazy we just get the
jackpot oh no it's now a shadow of
mordor and rich you think yeah I think
that's crazy town that is crazy town but
that's that's a finale in a fucking half
through the jet says step your game up
Chad oh okay yeah the chat likes that be
upping the ante well but that means it's
on me oh that's a ton of pressure
well we'd run trying to versus one
little BOTS okay that's two alright
it'll be on me okay so shadow of Mordor
and Metal Gear Solid five both for the
ps4 so yeah obviously not now with a big
ticket item now now Craig now you want
us to let the non subs play no no this
is a perk of subbing yeah and of course
it's gonna cost me a little bit of money
on this now not a ton of money but you
know no this is a perk and this is your
personal copy of Metal Gear right this
is - the one you play to shoot the
review absolutely so you can you can
actually if you want you can make a
video even if you already own Metal Gear
5 you can make a video of yourself
burning Jack's copy and if you don't
like what I have to say yes
okay so we need another we need another
they're both they're both ps4 middle
gear solid 5 ps4 and shadow of mordor
ps4 physical copies will be mailed yep
sure fucker you want me and rich to sign
it fucker will sign that's fine okay
that's fine okay okay
oh yeah but first that's a let's read
this ups oh yeah let's read this oh the
one okay let's see here who's subscribed
avianna can you read that and knock it
off okay connect knock knork what can an
orc nan orc tab boric computer
cuttlefish Hellcat striker ginger bomb
Misner one April I love you and that one
I can't read little midge man xeno Trobe
mr. Foreman Ellie twigs ink mister bibs
Red Dog Ultima nice Akbar snack bar
Dagobah Dave Wilkinson the clown no
Wilkins the clown and your kind door :
jerk Lind I feel like I'm looking at it
from the other side of the room pretty
much the only I merged thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it it's true we
do it's really it is really true okay so
we need another piece of trivia
we need to trigger a question that we
know the answer to oh by the way the
other trivia question that I was asking
oh and Bill what hecka like thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate
tell me this because the chat might know
this in the great Space Jam was the name
of Jocelyn's galactic empire the rag
knock Empire nobody remembers that was
gonna be my trivia question is what was
the name it wasn't that Brent thinking
what it was if it's so obscure that you
don't know right it's not a good tribute
which right the frag non empire frag
which was a reference to the garbowsky's
cuz I was Rich's character's name on the
garbowsky's he was Frank Donnie alien oh
the fragment Empire that's right wasn't
wasn't the aliens frag non in GI Girl
Interrupted I don't think so okay no I
think it was just let me get started
with this a caesarian fart is confirming
frag nan okay so there you go so okay so
yeah that was too deep of a trivia
question no one would have known that
not even I knew that
okay never another trivia question do
you get anything I'm kind of thing right
come how many fingers am i holding up
I'm gonna look this up is this trivia
about anything or red letter media
related you know we we did one about
prereq we we did a one about the great
Space Jam so just anything I'm I'm not
gonna be too alarmed if it's about
anything okay you mean as long as it's
good you mean anything anything in
general this is one thing everyone
common that's the one thing okay that's
foul that's fair as I just thought of
one but it's not related to Riddler you
know how oh okay so what was the very
first movie watched on best of the worst
ah the very first movie watched on best
of the worst the first movie in the
first episode
that I actually don't remember I was
gonna go with how much health that I
have left when I beat misty oh that
would be a good one too yeah yeah ooh
there you go a horrible Glory gets it
with Russian terminus right I knew that
was the first episode I remember which
movie was first that was the first movie
watch done best of the worst
Russian terms my personal copy of
Russian Terminator I still haven't seen
much that I bought off of ebay years and
years ago my old downstairs neighbor
like over almost 15 years ago introduced
me to Russian Terminator a horrible
glory gets it horrible glory is playing
rocket League one versus one against
Jack that's true for the prize of a
physical copy of Metal Gear Solid 5 and
shadow of Mordor this this is these are
some stakes these are some goddamn
steaks right here and obviously their
fan because they knew that all right a
horrible Gloria I am sending you a
message right now with the code always
over it to get the end oh yeah yep
Mordor Solid five code all right we're
getting there dad don't go over there
why are you going over there stupid
stupid cursor yeah oh no and a horrible
glory if you win it and you want a copy
of bad rats on Steam you can get that
too yeah yeah if you want to change it
to copy of bad rats will be willing to
work with you
right
okay great man okay okay a horrible
glory I just sent you the message with
the code oh my lord I on I feel a lot of
pressure here a horrible glory doesn't
have it doesn't have what doesn't have
what he doesn't you don't have rockets
my god is this our fan base is this
really a fan base lacking any any iota
of common sense this is the whole thing
we've been doing this all night like I
get it like you know a trivia answer you
just want to show the effort it takes to
type it in a horrible yeah it was cute
with Xena trouble yeah no it's just
thank you for subscribing but you've
kicked us in the nuts metaphorically
speaking
okay well now we okay so here's the
stipulation for the trivia in case
anyone was unaware you need to own a
copy of our cases in order to play with
us you also need to have a ps4 cuz I'm
giving you ps4 copies of shadow of
Mordor and Metal Gear Solid all useful
information yeah and you need to be
willing to give me your address as I
need to mail them to you these are all
the stipulations I need to be a
subscribe according to captain nitpick
Oh bother was the runner-up I never got
to scroll back and double-check my fort
before it Scrolls past our ability to
see what it was all right
horrible glare doesn't have it I am
unable to I'm unable to confirm that so
we need a new one we need a new trivia
question a horrible glory that was a
great trivia question I felt I thought
that was a horrible glory probably
ruined Oh bother his chance to get Metal
Gear Solid 5 Obama is probably really
pissed at you he should be he should be
it's fine it's totally fine okay so now
we need another trivia question we're
starting fresh I'm sorry no bother I'm
very sorry I just can't confirm I don't
want it to become a thing where is like
to it so I'm very I'm pissed it
it's okay a horrible Gloria so we need
another question oh my god
I am Oh Jay has okay you go Oh bother
everybody and everybody in the chat if
you have if you have any honor in your
soul any honor
you're gonna give Oh bother like a
two-minute head start a two-minute no no
I'm just saying I suppose I probably ok
ok so before best of the worst
we would only feature B movies bad
movies on half in the bag so what was
the first movie featured on half in the
bag that showcased rich reacting and
laughing Oh what was the first movie I
don't think I was that was me and I
don't remember that answer lucky
luckiest strikes yeah luck is strikes
yeah no that's it galaxy invader galaxy
invader galaxy invader Lucky Strikes has
no honor and Jack you you need to defeat
me strike galaxy Vader that was the
second episode of half in the bag
really yep you did it you did a b-movie
on the second episode that's what we
still weren't
sure what the show was like are we gonna
just do modern releases I don't know
those were lucky strikes us he doesn't
have rocket League Lucky Strikes we're
ending the stream if you say that he
said that no Lucky Strikes are you
joking with us Lucky Strikes nobody
nobody gets anything now is this what's
happening tonight like your strikes do
you not have a copy you tell me you tell
me right fucking now he doesn't have a
copy you guys here's what we do here we
try to be nice we say hey we got some
girl would give away some games we play
games and two guys would give them away
and you fuckwad
are so wrapped up and getting a trivia
question right there you don't care
about the rules you know you can you
keep an honor and honor among assholes
haven't you ever heard of that no better
than that
what do we do I don't know we can't
trust any of these people we can't we
can't trust any of these people yes your
your copies of the game Jack what do you
want to do we have already established
it would be a disservice if we just gave
them away like not playing rocket no no
we have to play rocket you have to play
Roger who's the rightful person who gets
to play is the question right you know I
mean the person who get who got screwed
the first time the first we got screwed
the second or the person who will
inevitably get screwed if you try this
again right yeah that's the thing you
guys get a bunch of names try them in
order I just I just don't I just don't
know I just don't know what to do about
this
don't give any more games to these fucks
right you know what no because we've
played some legitimate people and we
would be Dishonored but having fun up
until this bullshit yeah it was cute
that once it's just they think maybe
I'll get a copy wrangling because you
you offered that because I was a really
nice to Zena drone yep yeah because
because here I'm thinking like oh you
know you got anxious but now it's a
thing yeah hmm so basically they're
teaching me that I shouldn't be so nice
yeah basically that's what you guys are
teaching me it's not gonna work I'm
gonna be nice I have a lot of people on
the chat wanto bother to have his chance
and I don't care I think that's fine
hair a parent person that gets yep okay
everyone is saying Oh bother was the
first person who was the second person
to get screwed because that if Oh bother
fails we'll go to the second person that
got screwed all right Oh bother
I'm sending you a mat you better have
this fucking game I'll bother
I'm sure yeah yeah I just I just I just
can't even I can't even maybe this is
all an elaborate the thing to psyche Oh
bother
Oh bother doesn't have a ps4 he'd stole
though it's physical property and he
couldn't sell the games or we could give
him bad rats in standard Oh about if you
don't have a ps4 do you want the games
do you do you want the games or should
we have give somebody who owns ps4 and
wants this brand-new popular game a
chance to win it it's like a disaster
this is a disease think the most fun
idea ever how did this go wrong I mean
you know we had other games right into
play tonight and we came up with this
idea and we thought it would be a really
fun we've had a very fun time so far
yeah give him a Starbucks gift
these people like you know i know-oh-oh
bother do you want like if you win do
you want a copy this is I get in you
know yeah you might not even win do you
know and I'll take it alright don't
think he'll know she wants to play for
bad rats you want to take you won't play
for bad or rats you know what fine I
mean technically it's not as it's not as
exciting as if you were excited about
the game and want it yourself but I mean
you could you could so that's true you
could say it's all Grand Theft Auto 5
not Grand now or not having that grab
Metal Gear Solid 5 right there's too
many things Jack too many bees yeah you
know you know what I have to say about
where the stream is going what oh it
doesn't even do the final one Oh bother
yeah that's right Oh bother I have sent
you a code we're gonna play and you tell
me what you want
if you rent that's what we're gonna do
yes didn't know so we know what's going
on do you want you want bad rats and you
want the middle yours
okay we're gonna play them just because
I want to play the game now yeah I'm
gonna do my best to murder wait you say
kick his ass but I've just sent you the
code what kind of code for the room the
room code
Rich's turning this to a shitty FM radio
show no ow oh my god Oh bother
oh my god well you demoralize now
strategy
oh my god okay nose
all right do you hear the silence in
here do you hear how stairs we feed it
everyone everybody everybody's a dick in
which I guess we knew already you know
just one of those things
oh how to juice out of juice fucking do
it Obama don't you fucking do it Oh
bother
Oh oh my god he really he really wants
those rats you better be getting bad
rats no did he say what he wanted
yeah I don't think Oh unless he says
otherwise again it's this is for shadow
of mordor and Metal Gear Solid 5 on the
ps4 mystery cuz he doesn't over ps4 but
he could still own the desk
yeah if he wants him yeah if you want
some let's change it to bad rats okay
Bobby's choice
consecrating so this is for all Marvel
you gotta concentrate you gotta make
that goal right all right good
when you do it again right oh he says
bad rats
all right we're playing for bad rats
this is for none of the marbles this is
for the ugliest slowest marble and
you're not even gonna get that marble
this is like the marble that like I'd
like rolled over like an ant now there's
like ant guts and the marbles kind of
you know get over here above it bother
you get out you get a lot of credit for
being my pokemons lizard okay
you get a lolly way for that my Pokemon
list is my Pokemon that's true oh well
there was our Charmander is the name Oh
bother
a reference to your from Winnie the Pooh
oh I can only assume oh and I I think he
might not even know what we need the
Pooh is yeah I could only imagine I
don't know what these kids are woody
funny the proof wasn't the most exciting
thing when I was young so no but I
remember yeah yeah we was I remember on
the Disney Channel there was a
live-action we need the Pooh when we
woods big dumb costumes was there yeah I
remember that Winnie the Pooh is big for
it's a family values and slight
Christian overtones oh sure
that's why is it's very popular amongst
the grown-ups
Oh oh my god oh my god jesus H Christ
butanol right then since this is for bad
rats will set some definite rules for
the next one you know and I think we're
gonna make it a rule that if we get
screwed again with the I don't have
rocket League that then every answer is
null and void and we'll just do it again
so we don't have to worry about who was
the runner-up sure sure if somebody lies
again then they're just fucking somebody
over yeah but that's in the rules now
it's it's anticipated yep
I don't you know it's just one of those
things where you know we're trying to
give someone who actually wants this is
the big brand new game then people are
excited over and if someone has a ps4
and wants it we wanted to make somebody
happy usually we don't try to make
people happy about us
and you know what this is why and this
is a fun idea what bad near the end I
still think this is a fun idea overall
yes and I wouldn't mind doing something
like this again yeah agreed
agreed if sage ancilla says if someone
answers and doesn't have rocket League
you're banned for at least 24 hours uh
yeah yeah I'm fine with that too yeah
absolutely
but we also asked again so we don't have
to have the headache of well who who
really got it absolutely that is the new
the new rule is you know obviously you
know banned banned for the rest of the
night
wow that's hardcore
oh look at look at look at how much that
sucked the wind out of it oh this stream
was going along gangbusters yep and
we're gonna get it back once someone is
playing for for something they want
again well this is still fun this is the
fun nobody didn't do anything wrong he
didn't do anything wrong right right
Obama is in the clear he's now like he's
a jerk who lied about having rocket
League just to fuck somebody over to
troll the stream
he just doesn't own a ps4 but he wanted
to fly rocket League we do have other
games he'd get actually there's other
games the list other than bad oh sure
yeah if you want like yeah we'll give
you a bother if you win if you pull this
off
we will send you a list of the other
things we have yes good you didn't do it
anyway
you did something weird you know what
that's Farish but now wrong
it did maybe for quality laughs that's
true that's true it's it's all
entertaining it was funny the first time
it was it was funny and cute the first
time even the second time was pretty
funny the joke has now reached 33 and
that's the rule in comedies and rule
threes and so now we have to make some
real rules
oh wow it's going in anyway it's good
huh yeah a slop but I'll take it
no I wanted didn't do it like I said
like rich said Oh bother just did
something weird where he doesn't have a
ps4 and we're giving away ps4 games
right now but I mean maybe maybe he
actually wanted a different game and our
steam thing and you know what he's not
gonna win anyway so it doesn't fucking
matter she can score four times in the
next 17 seconds this incident has lit a
flame under Jack's ass oh is now the
rocket League master first
I think I'm this is this makes me three
yeah I know your last three games here
everyone like what twice I don't know
you don't burn me so alright so bother
you don't win anything anyway but we're
not mad at you no no we're not and I
still really enjoyed your beer thank you
for that bad rats made me do it
jack is really defending the hell out of
bad rats absolutely it's just like the
worst game ever and it's always on sale
on Steam for like 20 cents okay alright
how are we doing this okay the trivia
question has led to nothing but human
misery every time we've done a trivia
question sure if there's been a problem
okay so so first off rule number one if
you don't have rocket League and you
answer the question you get banned for
the rest of the night yes
that's happening second we are playing
for PlayStation 4 games new ones nice
ones so maybe if you don't have plays in
Bordeaux
don't answer but still but still you
know what if you want them you won't you
want to take them the game stock traded
me for whatever game system at this time
yeah but you you need a copy of rocket
League
no rocket League is both on PC and you
can you can on it's on ps4 as well and
you can play we can play together even
though we're playing on the PC if you're
on a ps4 you can play us on the PC so so
the first person to say good job Lucky
Strike that's it
do they have to spell Lucky Strike
correct no whatever do that you know
what I'll be I'll be lenient on that
okay yeah as long as I get it close to
what it's supposed to be good job Lucky
Strike that was it yep okay ice bone
badger ice bone badger is the first
person to say good job Lucky Strike ice
bone badger I'm gonna ask you a really
important question
this is kind of really important do you
own a copy of rocket League I have I
have my my finger over the ban button I
own rock oh okay I spawn badger I'm
gonna send you a twitch master or so he
says you're gonna play rich your dorm
and Metal Gear Solid 5 the phantom pain
on the PlayStation 4 he says I own
rocket League on the PC and the ps4 oh
yeah you can play me I'm whichever one
you want
yes okay ice bone badger dududududu -
ice bone badger subject Mordor msg the
code the code for this game is going to
be
it's create match okay no rights you
have to grab it oh I have to put the
keyboard somewhere before I do that I'm
sorry I'm sorry I'll take that he's
double not banned he gets to play a fun
game that's the opposite then you get to
play a fun game hopefully you get to win
some stuff okay it's gonna be great
everything's gonna be great two of ps4
games hopefully you don't all those ps4
games and this this could be a really
fun thing if you win that's the other
thing is you still have to win if you do
own them pretend you don't
and just trade them in just pretend just
and tell it yeah lie to us i scone
badger that's all we're asking
just lie to us I don't even care if
you're on a ps4 as long as you're just
lying about it make us feel good okay
okay just joined I'm waiting for a pop
up waiting for you all right here we go
Jack you want to set that I do you know
what I do
oh right away
nobody's get this game nobody is getting
this game that's fine we're making him
work for it I like that oh he's in prime
position here oh he's got it he's got it
yes look at that you know getting that
bounce off the first ball is so
difficult yeah you don't want to get
behind the ball yep and that's that's I
was so that was perfect
ice bone badger come on
bone badger you DeBell major
oh did it Oh rich you're giving it away
I don't give a shit away Jack I know I
know you're not you're not out of it yet
have we sung happy birthday in the
stream no but we can now we can't how
legally because a happy birthday is no
longer under copyright protection so we
could if we wanted to we don't have
anyone to sing happy birthday to oh oh
come on rich you can do this I don't
know what good morning to you is it's
the song that happy birthday I think is
actually based off of oh good good
morning to you sure and apparently that
people Oh rich come on what
it's six hundred five people in the
stream it has to be someone's birthday I
won't trust any of you is what I will
say right now yeah you got it you got it
you got it you've got it you've got it
you got it
alright Jamie thanks for hanging out
with us goodbye all have a nice night
good luck whose plain ice bone badger
good luck ice bone badger wow you said
that good night like kind of like a
weird sensual way then very
uncomfortable right now goodbye
everybody
oh my god oh damn it
people jad seemed to really enjoy that
Oh rich nice oh you're right this is for
like a hundred dollars worth of games
this is for a lot of games and you know
like I was I was originally thinking you
know just I'll just trade him back into
game stuff but I thought this would be a
little more fun
that's all right
oh yeah you got that rocket fuel
you got that rocket fuel oh no he did
that oh I would have just let that
bounce in his head now make sure it goes
in no chances yeah your chances you're
right you're right yeah that sucked that
sucked ice blowing badger when you
accidentally knock it in yourself this
game is amazing at making you earn your
losses
you feel bad for your loss thanks rich
nice timing not quite sure like which
direction you need to turn this is this
is very intense there's only a score
difference of 1 right now you know this
is this is anybody's game and there's
three minutes rich just bought himself
some breathing room my turds are green I
was thinking the same thing I'm not
gonna say it out loud though
whoof
ah well riches play step it up step it
up man
you want those games you try to step it
up rich are you taunting oh yes
that's exactly what you deserved yeah I
know this is a good match and you were
using you brought your your smack talk
to me no rule never never fire your
opponent up yeah yeah what were you
thinking I helped him out he's got the
fire now while rich is playing to update
everyone yeah last dream I was playing a
little all right you gotta get there
gotta get there gotta get there oh no
she's shooting saves in a row Jesus
Christ I thought you liked that that
second one was kind of dink I thought it
was just gonna dink in how he people on
me
oh yeah that's smart oh no you got this
look at this look this clashing this is
fucking awesome I'm glad I should talk
made for a good fucking game oh whoa oh
oh rich giving him some space taking a
defensive position I don't know if
that's gonna work out for him okay yeah
you stopped him something there at least
nice nice get it back on the orange side
Oh the buttbounce there get out of there
it's true it's very satisfying I'm gonna
save my story this is too exciting
39 seconds Oh Oh God oh hello denied oh
you got you got the savior award for
probably three epic saves that's amazing
oh and then you both Biff like that
get off the wall get off the walls fine
it's all fine
oh good good game my friend very good
game excellent game ice bone badger well
fought yes very well fun woof okay we're
going again obviously it's a two-man
menu I I you know you almost hit and I
mean I had some great fiction sex and I
don't even leave okay we're going again
everyone please remember the rule if you
don't own rocket League and you answer
the question you will be banned for
tonight so we're going again and did we
just do type are we doing trivia again
whatever you want Jack whatever okay
once again just to reiterate because I'm
young people might be coming in and out
yep the we are playing for prizes
whoever beats Jack Jack is playing this
time will earn a free copy of the
PlayStation 4 versions of shadow of
Mordor and the brand-new Metal Gear
Solid 5 we will we will mail it to you
so you had to be willing to give us an
address to mail it to could be gonna
give me a peel box we don't give a shit
but that's right and you have to own our
league and you have to be a subscriber
and you know others there's just no way
for us to I know I see a lot of people
are asking for kind of like random picks
but there's just no way for us to really
do that easily and so this is just the
best method we have and if you're lag is
that bad in chat I mean you're probably
gonna have bad lag in the game you're
probably gonna have bad lag in the bag
in the game so rich I hope knows the
answer to this it's a trivial question
he asked earlier what was riches HP at
the end of the misty Pokemon battle how
much health did he have left at the end
of his misty Pokemon battle that is the
question
Graham Dolph mega put the answer is mega
punch I kind of love that the Graham
Dolph you are correct
rich had 6 HP at the end of his misty
battle so grand off gets it but Oh
bother
gets you no special accommodation
because he was my lizard we could well
one because he's answer was a mega punch
that's what you know what that's what I
had it will bother for grey bothers job
good more go bother you stand that mega
punch train you train manage all right
gram dhal where'd you go - Graham Dolph
I'm sending you the code to get into the
game
hold on there in your twitch inbox
crammed off hello your salad for Mordor
rocket alright these are for the games
Graham Dolph and the password is going
to be
just sent you the password you can read
all right all right I don't have a good
memory at the match huh I did oh it's
starting mister I don't have a good
memory a rich rich knew yes the answer
to that I did not remember we and rich
just made the highlight video so I'd be
freshman yeah I was yeah
all right grand off
so yeah I fold strategy oh I'll bother
had a winning one on that one but I was
more on the loop this time we've had a
good showing Jack what we've had a good
showing when it came when it comes to
these games early on we're just dropping
games left and right now
now fuck
there's a good chat good chat grind off
good job I know I gotta I gotta get in
and out okay
okay we can do this feeling that
pressure grand off that pressure I mean
it's like it's like a hundred dollars
worth of game that's it's a pretty big
price I mean you know before we're
giving out like like bad rats fight poor
or so everyone's a couple rocks don't
don't lose it man
don't lose to keep it keep it together
no pressure no pressure I mean it's just
you know you got one goalie time it's
just one goal but you got a lead
absolutely when Jax Jax kind of like
yeah he's mad about this game about what
game this rocket League game he knows
what he's doing
you got some competition don't don't
lose it don't lose it
keep it together man I don't know if
you're helping me Chris also I don't
know if you're trying to help me
oh no oh fuck
Randolph what was that I don't know just
probably the part of that USB port is
flipping out no sir
as long as yours is working right that's
the important thing
kinds of trading
concentrating
yeah I'm not gonna say much I'm just
gonna let this play out this is the
finale well hopefully not the finale
woman these two games in general oh sure
tense this is tense
do jackal end n and n as to ass
technically I guess that's true yes
did you rebound she's trying to keep it
over here yeah how do we keep the TV
from going to sleep isn't right is there
something we can do
like I just what change the volume Thank
You Chet bringing that up yeah orbit
Jack wait he's got good positioning
he's got good positioning Oh Graham doc
oh you got you got 2 minutes almost two
minutes hey you can you can do it I can
do it Graham Dolph is good Graham
Delphis got me he's been watching my
strats all night
he's been learning also why didn't I
have the boost right there that was
weird right scorn won't matter huh
scored it won't matter
yeah no matter who fuck oh okay okay
that that makes it that makes it a
little easy yeah little easy yeah okay
Space Ghost as I hope you guys have some
stamps on hand damn space come on it's
not over yet
nice backflip Graham Dolph
take it take it
nope get down get down get down rich
people can't see this but like riches
bobbing his head when I should hit them
he's like he's like trying to she's
trying to hit the jaw and it's adorable
oh oh
freeze over time bring it to overtime
shit shit my palms are sweaty wiping the
sweat out of his palms I'm trying to
give him a fight trying to give him a
fight oh look how close that was Oh
oh oh sorry it's on his side it's on his
side I can do this no I can't okay
if you get any quick enough you'll have
one last shot
congratulations grind off oh that was a
great match that was a really fun match
Graham Dolph
you win Metal Gear Solid 5 and shadow of
Mordor for the PlayStation 4 twitch
messaged me back
you're addressed and I'll get that out
to you that was that was spectacular
that was an earned win yes that was an
congratulations and we had some some
really good near misses too early yeah
yeah lots of close matches I'm glad you
know what like these are these are my
games that I'm giving away so I'm glad
that I lost them
yeah like rich Slauson I was feeling the
pressure I definitely was oh okay well
that is that's a great way to end the
stream losing losing you know it's the
weight had to win every great champion
test it has to lose what all the right
all the great fighters they they end at
a loss that's how you lose the belt Jack
that's a you know what I guess we had a
lot we had a lot of wins yeah yeah we
had a we had a and we had a governor how
many times did we defend those two
fucking games we defended that I want to
say we defended him five times
shadow of mordor four times yeah and
both of them once I had more than once
for both it was like what we would be
towbar but he was playing for bear oh
yeah Oh No thank you guys for coming out
I know like we got a little chat you got
a little silly with the home a couple
people with the whole I don't know
rocket League thing a couple people
let's not blame the whole chat there's
hundreds of people in the gym that's
true but thank you anyway and let's see
if we have any more can you all tab over
to see this couple I think I heard a
couple and I will I will make sure to
get everyone the game either tonight
games either tonight or tomorrow and
obviously I'll mail them out
Graham Dolph Oh Thank You Graham dog
Bella hecka okay so we have n 3 0 n and
30 and maybe enough butter peanut butter
peanut butter
sorry I'm sorry L Argentine are L
Argentine oh it looks like nitro inferno
yeah and dolphin toy thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we really do
