Smooth Criminals (The Swindle Part 2)
November 15, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gPR5NEuicng

that's because somebody's asking me if J
knows that scream Factory is putting out
a boat or you got to get her early folks
I do I talked about it earlier I'm very
excited it concerns me that you're very
excited what's worse that I'm excited
about that or that I'm more excited
about the Garbage Pail Kids movie coming
to blu-ray I don't even know why it's my
thing it's not like a movie that's so
bad it's funny it's tear it's one of the
worst movies ever made but it's every
decision it's so baffling it's a
fascinating like that it's the ultimate
like what were they thinking how did
this get made movie
first Phoenix by the way their spiky
monster like Garbage Pail Kids ever make
it onto best of the worst
I would love for it to I'm the only one
that loves this movie I think I've
brought it up a couple times and they
keep getting vetoed
I have I have agreed I think we should
because I have I loved the garbage pail
kids growing up have you ever seen the
movie I mean a long past time okay I
actually wanted to do Garbage Pail Kids
with Super Mario Brothers with masters
of the universe
oh that's right that's a good must be
found good combo rich yeah that might
have to happen someday how do you send
me a copy of mass spec for if it's non
steam what is your origins of company
don't send me a digital copy cuz I'm not
gonna play it the only reason to send me
a copy of Mass Effect 4 if it's a
physical copy that I can destroy because
I'm not going to open it I'm not going
to look at it what if it's great right I
don't give a fuck what if it retcons the
last one it makes it amazing
so they'll break my heart again into
more games is that what I need put them
so I'm suing those long it was just
caterpillar snake guys you just can't
jump on them because they're spiky yeah
the spike monsters you can walk right by
though they don't do anything but if you
I mean even if I were to like jump from
the lower ledge to the upper legend land
on them I die instantly so you have to
be really careful where you kill them
yeah
yep
I am sending rich one copy of Mass
Effect every day for the next 365 days
that's that's a lot of money that could
have gone to children of cancer rich
rich would much prefer you give that
money to cancer not to cancer to fight
cancer don't give it to cancer cancer is
powerful enough cancer research I guess
would be a more appropriate thing to
give it to well I doubt there is any pro
cancer organizations you can donate to
I'm just saying like what about cancer
in general I don't do it
Stevi fuck that cancer has any other
game cause such unabashed disdain in
their mind other than Mass Effect 3 no
other game has destroyed something
beautiful like Mass Effect 3 I mean it's
really Mass Effect 3 is just an amazing
accomplishment and fail is it like the
game equivalent equivalent of star wars
rich it's the level of disappointment
when he gets episode 1 I was I was ready
for episode 1 to be disappointed really
yeah because I hate I couldn't like I'm
not really a Star Wars fan I don't like
the Jedi and Jedi Jedi Jedi boring
people standing around not having
emotions yeah like how are they gonna
hold they're gonna have this not be
boring okay so you're one of the people
that was not hyped for episode one I was
I was hoping that they would disappoint
me that's I was hoping that when they
would disappoint my my my my prediction
okay so you thought you were hoping to
be surprised and they'd actually be good
yes okay but I was worried I would say I
was worried going into someone okay and
then they they prove me right and got
everything else wrong too so not for you
personally but in general like for
someone like me I'm like would you say
Mass Effect so I'm trying to understand
like how a videogame could be that
disappointing is it something like
because I was super pumped for episode 1
and then horribly disappointed of course
so is that gonna be equivalent to it
probably yes ok but you live instead
like you can look back on the original
Star Wars trilogy with with love still
but you can't even because of Mass
Effect 3 you can't even look back fondly
on mass spec it wouldn't it would be
more like if episode 1 were returned to
the channel it'd be like that original
trilogy never even had the proper
conclusion ok so you mean if Return of
the Jedi was this bad be like following
up Empire Strikes Back
ok ok I get it so there's not that that
flagon compartmentalized these games is
their own thing yeah I don't have that
I'm so sorry mine I'm just something
that people keep bringing it up and it's
fine they do it because they want to
poke they want to pull oh yeah the rich
bear let's poke pop our rich rich that
Papa Roach Irish cut my life into pop a
roach nope no one did
no one did even singing the song people
some people are like that I honestly
didn't know that was their song I knew
that song but I if you were to sell me
to name a Papa Roach song I couldn't do
it I'm gonna take your word for it that
that's a Papa Roach song suffocation
don't give up at about something and you
know what the only reason I know it is
because it's in that really great Weird
Al accordion oh yeah that's right so
that's why I know good ol Weird Al
make him trash tolerable good old he's
been doing it for as long as I can
remember it's pretty amazing he's
outlived the careers of most of the
people he's parody he's great that's
great
this last album do well yeah is it great
I think I want to say it was like its
best-selling album ever really I could
be wrong about that but I know it was it
did really really well which is pretty
cool you know in the considering it's
his last album his last full album is
what he's saying well that's the thing
is like you know everybody does this for
free on YouTube that's why this is last
album he's like I'll probably release
songs individually but they're like
albums especially with like the type of
stuff he does the time the album comes
out you know the song is already dated
it's a much different world than when he
started doing parodies
I've always liked his original songs
more than his parodies anyway agree
Albuquerque offer running with scissors
it is the most amazing thing is the
greatest song no no jumping over spikes
onto a spiked monster and then I like
even if I hit the spike monster he'd
fall down there and cause problems
like monsters have you heard Weird Al's
the word crimes off the new album yeah
it's so great it takes that horrible
horrible song Madalena something fun but
something like educational right
genuinely education turns it into
something positive
yeah it's it's amazing it's one of the
best things he's ever done
isn't it yeah everybody showed up I want
to hit that robot with the gun on its
head but not the spike monsters
it's cute but it also looks like like a
less interesting mark of the ninja you
know it's it's different mark of the
ninja is more is more action orientated
just as more kind of it's just a
different it's a different piece mark of
the ninja is about the stealth mechanic
and this is about the preparation and
stuff
what what what
you have failed what happened I don't
know how I died
nice if you could rewash like every
player so many natural causes maybe I
had myseif had a heart attack at a heart
attack he did look old you know he did
look old someone in the chat how did I
die
was someone paying attention clearly you
weren't I there was a tiny little robot
and I hit him with my thing but the
little mega yeah the little Megaman guy
but I thought I hit him motherfucker
did we ever do a best of the worst of
the Canon film group we've done Canon
movies before yeah that is its own
specific theme but yeah extra mater
we're cannon Supergirl was cam too right
I don't know is that universal I don't
remember how much came to get so Jane
Doe snakes Jane knows things especially
about cannon
is anyone able to tell me why I died but
should we ever been to a Rob Zombie
concert that's a very specific question
I like I like Robin
yeah but not in a friend do a Rob Zombie
concert I'm not a concert guy I why do I
want to go to a concert so I can go deaf
listening to the shittier version of the
song I like sure
like I like smaller pencil you know
concerts where the vanity is an
established yet and then you know it's
less about hearing the shittier versions
of the song and it's more about like
listening to them figure out how the
song should go supergirl Canon no you
know you have their folks I want to say
no oh Superman we don't war was yes I'm
pretty sure or Supergirl was nuts
Supergirl I want to say came out after
Superman 3 and then Canon bought the
rights to Superman 4 okay I'm 90% sure
great good enough for us I said I didn't
see one live concert that I doubt great
live sure yeah I saw him on my 20th
birthday like I'm on in my teenage years
seanryan l saw a while ago he wasn't
young when I saw him though and that man
must have been fucking exhausted yeah
but he's still performing he still does
that same stuff the costumes I mean like
near the end he must have already been
exhausted but he puts on the full fat
suit yeah yeah every song is a fucking
costume change mm-hmm yeah it gives it
his own
people in China saying he still goes
crazy with his concert stupid yeah he's
still a high he still has that energy
that's very fast I'm gonna blind I'm
gonna blame it on him being vegan I must
say that has something to do and
straight it yep
he is a healthy man he's a healthy
healthy man son of a bitch I don't even
know if no he drinks coffee maybe I
don't know no meat was a Michael Jackson
impression right right
it was Weird Al impersonating Michael
check that's exactly what which he has
done no it started as just that was just
like a vegan voice it sounds like a like
a general but you know they turned into
a weird outfit so I just kept the boys
yo ding dong ding dong yo you don't know
man you're not fat
you don't know those early music videos
Michael Jackson likes Weird Al so much
he lent his sets to Weird Al
oh really and so for eat it and fat
those are the actual sets where my
profession oh I didn't know that shot
beat it and bad do you know who directed
the bad video I
rich do you know no I don't that's
Martin Scorsese really yep ah huh I
don't think he directed the fat video
though but we don't know can you imagine
like I think he gets a free pass now cuz
he's weird al' but like if someone did
fat now if that was like a modern
contemporary song people would be so
upset
yeah people would say this is
unacceptable
cuz we live in a horrible world a
wonderful world where doubt gets away
with it because it's been around for so
long and he's weird al' we're clearly
not mean-spirited in any way but that
song didn't exist and it just came into
being now people would be upset that
crime
everything's fine like 98% of them we
live in a wonderful world that's just
pull some tickets
fat wonderful like now I'm wondering if
like Weird Al receives like you know you
need to like I wonder what it because
also like Weird Al is like a genuinely
cool dude yeah like he's super nice and
good like I would love to hear what he
has to say as far as if anyone objects
to it now yeah yeah I don't know I
wonder if that's ever come up or if like
it's just like Weird Al has so much good
I think it's just that everybody likes
Weird Al's okay with it because nobody
dislikes Weird Al even if they're not
into his music you can't dislike him as
a person right he's like the greatest
guy ever so that's just the key it's
like if you want to you know say right
do horrible things you just need to be a
really great guy but so I mean there's
not a mean-spirited bone in his body and
it's been that song and there's nothing
mean-spirited about it but it's so often
now it's like intent doesn't even matter
sure context doesn't matter
it's like you know would would someone
not get away with it because of people
or would they be too afraid to do it and
that's why weird I'll get two passes
because he wasn't afraid well he had no
reason to be afraid people wouldn't have
gotten upset back then people didn't get
upset back though there's nothing to be
afraid of it's an innocent song that's
the saddest thing that night he found
out that day and he'd perform that night
cuz he's a professional because he's a
fan I'm assuming he wanted to keep his
mind off it for sure sure they died of
carbon monoxide poisoning oh they both
went at the same time I'm assuming it
was an accident and that's some kind of
suicide oh yeah no it was an accident
they just didn't have I guess the proper
you know carbon monoxide detectors in
their house or something somebody saying
you found out during the show during the
show okay
way to bring us down as always rich hey
you you guys started it you brought it
up just talking about a thing that
happens settle down that's what I get
for interacting with the chance things
that happen
that's all that matters is that we're
down is a great guy
J Windy City heats question mark what
does that mean anything - no okay that
doesn't mean anything to us I hope that
answers your question is that the Bobcat
Goldthwait thing that was unsubscribe I
think I saw that in the theater I would
have been pretty little but I think we
saw that in the theater was that like a
case where they couldn't get the rights
to mr. that's probably something like
that fucking we'll do our own talking
horse Bobcat Goldthwait I think John
Candy does the voice of the horse yep
Dabney Coleman's in it I'm pretty sure
he saw it in the theater and there's the
first and last time I ever saw it it was
probably like I don't know six seven I
don't know when that came out
I hit my chumps
mother
doing very calculated risk
calculated risk
dollars
sometimes I'm not good at good amount of
money hauling ass yeah okay
I'm comfortable with this amount of
money how did you lose six thousand
there she's got a multiplier like
missions going in a row at the bank not
in that respect there's multipliers as
far as like like if if you get a hundred
percent of the cash in the level there's
a multiplier if you kill all the bots
there's a multiplier and I haven't done
any of that there's an aptitude
multiplier
to remember what I'm working for when it
is space Kabul
well J was just working on something
very special today I'm working on it
right now technically that's true that's
true
spending time with us in between working
on stuff yes what's what's the cover
oh I don't even know yet EW I would
personally love to see a boat or style
where I have nothing we will see we'll
come up with something
for the actual movie the answer is
soonish question mark everything is in
the can it's just physically getting
shit name yeah
physically yeah we finished filming
yesterday I just started editing so J's
editing now what do you think 8 hours
I'm gonna say 2 days long do they seem
to edit a future couple days couple days
ok I guess that makes sense that's
really good
I mean we got like 4 hours worth of
footage right like I told you you didn't
need that much of movies only 90 minutes
I remember shooting camcorder movies as
a kid it was like whatever
we recorded on the camera that was the
movie yep in camera in camera editing is
the best
how long did it take to edit the light
bars light bars got a lot easier the
more I did obviously you you guys are
watching me also figure out how to do it
and as soon as I figured out a good way
to make sure that they kind of moved
properly with the car they went very
fast
I had a harder time with other effects
that I was doing is the polite way I
wasn't keeping track
I should have per billable hours yeah oh
great no good paying you two dollars per
shot okay regardless of the length of
the shot right two dollars per shot
that's perfect
are you ready screening players not at
the moment
but that could change nothing planned
thrown down that go now on space can't
be all for Christmas yes that is the
plan that's the goal it's essentially
out of our hands at this point
yeah obviously Jay needs to finish
editing I mean I'm gonna I'm gonna work
out a little bit tomorrow but I gotta
watch my stories I got a couple soldiers
that I have to catch up on so that takes
precedence of course but if I have a
little bit of time I might edit what's
your story of choice as the world turns
that's a great one is that still on
that's a great it is turned on for like
150 years classic
that's like like you like trying to be
like guiding light is that a soap opera
I think it is now I think it is I know
it's a show but I think it's a soap
opera days of our life these are alive
General Hospital these shows all still
on ice that was a soap opera at one
point there was one I don't think it's
on anymore I don't think it was like a
new ish one I mean some of those have
been on for decades sure it was a newish
one called passions which I don't think
it's out anymore but that one I did see
that every once in a while and it was
like insane it was almost like a parody
of a soap opera and I'm not sure how
aware they were of how silly it was sure
so it was kind of amazing remember eight
like in high school there was a real
there was a period of a couple months
where everyone was really into Days of
Our Lives high school in high school
like friend ears yes
that has to be good joke no it was a
real thing and they would talk about it
constantly and like if you were to be
cool you needed to be up on Days of Our
Lives this is the weirdest thing I've
ever heard and so Jack is either lying
or this explains a whole no this was a
real thing in high school and so I
watched a few episodes to try it you
know to be cool and there was no way I'm
the first person in the history of the
world to say I watched a few episodes of
Days of Our Lives to try to be good you
grub like Ottawa is it no this is after
the farm when we moved to the suburbs no
no don't
everyone thinks this is a Clown College
I'm apt to agree with you that was like
a gothic yeah but wasn't a soul pop I
don't know if it's technically
considered a soap opera okay maybe it is
I think technically it's a soap opera
trying to find out which soap opera
Barbara Crampton was a regular on
because our cramped infirmary animator
and from beyond whatever soap opera she
was on was the best soap bubble that's
because she's great but they can't find
it Oh The Young and the Restless Barbara
Crampton was on there so that it'll go
away after a time yeah if the cops or
someone just have to go and I was you
know that they were like the cool kids
and you were the geek and they were
picking on you like all the cool kids
watched Days of Our Lives can't you
watch it you could be cool like us
trying to remember
maybe we're having a breakthrough here
yeah like that wasn't part of like the
cool group running I didn't really have
like a solid group of friends and so
just like one smaller yeah they could
have been fucking also MC Lucas's a nice
job thank you I feel really good about
getting out of that situation someone in
the chat said you have edited porn
before is this true Jack lol I have not
anything porn before no the story is
that I tried to be a porn editor well
you know they were your ideas just too
extreme we can't publish this that's way
too weird even for us no you know as a
as a freelancer you did take whatever
job comes around and you know there was
a posting on one of the job boards for
editing and pornography and I gave him
my resume they never got back to me I
did have to think really hard whether or
not I wanted to edit pornography you
have too much experience being born oh I
can do that I can do this here's my
rieta of a deep dick
3 this is my collection of neighbor
videos sir we have to report you I mean
never mind
was this a company in Milwaukee I think
I think what it was it was like it was
they were like a start-up like they were
trying to be a porn company okay
and so like they'd already gone out of
business by the time you sent in your
that was probably around for less than a
date I think they just didn't know
anyone who edited video but like they
had access to you know goals or
something your strategy there that just
serves that so it's it's a little cheap
but you know it's it's what I'm gonna do
so I never actually officially edited a
corner and if I sound a little sad about
that there's good money important from
what I understand it really not a
startup company in Milwaukee but it
would have been an interesting life
experience how is there still money in
form
oh yeah I don't know how that works
generous dudes
well someone's gotta pay for it-- but I
love her so I have to give her money I
don't think there is as much money in
porn as their immense ones as you can
now get it anywhere for free and not
even like the illegal stuff you know
like torrent any of the illegal sites
but like just go to any website and
there are just women who are willing to
you know take pictures of themselves I
was reading somewhere about that
something about that where's like the
women who like you know there's a
there's a nudie part of Reddit okay
new I know nudie is like a weird way to
put it but this that's how I'm going
people just post like naked pictures of
themselves of themselves you know lady
here's my boobs right and then what
these ladies do is they set up like
Amazon wish lists and also people just
buy him shit so they'll show their goods
exactly
Wow and so in a racket it's so like
that's how they make their money or like
guys contact them and be like where this
specific outfit for X amount of dollars
and that's how the racket works now okay
I still can't imagine there's a lot of
money in it but now it's more
personalized the magazine day I guess
it's similar to like streaming services
then how it's like nobody people don't
have cable anymore they just get Netflix
and they signup for individual little
packages they want to like you know Hulu
or whatever yeah yeah democratization of
pornography so it's I would assume it's
similar for that yeah afraid we don't
slide down yeah that's that's and that's
why I like before when I thought I
didn't have bombs that's what I spent
money on hang on the wall up No
I have not stolen the devil's that
pessimists I have made it all 100 days
which is easy because you know even if
you die every single day you make it a
hundred days but and I've gotten pretty
far but I haven't even gotten to like
the final level yet I'm not a fairly
good run I've made a couple we've really
done mistakes
but
sometimes with controls or little ones
hey hey
play to play patrol it is no it's the
controls maybe maybe if you were using a
steam that's my problem is I'm not using
the steam controller you're absolutely
right
they threw me out because I said you
were right right when the game also said
like press right
okay great we did it okay
I feel I'm feeling good yeah if we could
make 3,000 more dollars we can move on
to the next level and we're only at day
86 so we're doing or 86 days remaining
we're doing great we're doing great
everybody how many levels are there
we'll check when I get to the area okay
well check what we're doing great we're
doing fantastic but you'll lose all that
money not all to see so there's the hall
and the bank you only lose the hall you
only lose the hall okay if you die in a
level eventually there's a casino level
and one of the things that can happen in
the casino level is they will start
siphoning money from your bank unless
you do a specific thing oh my god that
sounds horrible they have you yeah
this is just just the perfect game I've
been playing this on my feet a lot and
you know like you do you can do one
mission and it'll just last like five
minutes it's just the perfect it's the
perfect for a handheld device did we
talk about fallout for you yep no yeah
we talked about I missed that I mean
rich and I had some pretty controversial
ideas for is concern but I don't you
know it got a little heated so I don't
know if we can open that wound a fallout
4 wound so you know sorry you got it got
a stick around at the beginning of this
remix them yeah
as anyone in the last few streams asked
you about your thoughts both of you on
the jar jar binks Sith Lord Theory
somebody mentioned it was I haven't even
looked into the theory because to say
I'm because who cares I've never heard
so yeah what is the theory I I don't
know it's starting to worried like he's
the mastermind behind everything that
happens in the prequels I don't know
much about it because I don't care oh is
it tie in with the new movie they say I
don't assume that they've been gone that
far either way who cares that's the real
thing so just because like if your
question starts out with what do you
think about this fan theory the answer
most times will be who cares Jar Jar
Binks
I'm sorry yeah I think that's the real
thing is if if your query starts with
what do you think about charge up nope
there's no possible way that question
can end about I was gonna say that doing
anything with Jar Jar was the first
thing that Disney executives be told but
nobody suggested that in the first place
everyone knew better yeah yeah well even
George Lucas figured out that everybody
hated Jar Jar he's still in the second
and third but he's greatly diminished Oh
God right you know if if people didn't
have that backlash with episode 1 Jar
Jar would have been all over those
sequels yeah he had to still put him in
there cuz he established him but you
know he would have had a bigger part my
thoughts on the new Star Trek theory a
series RI I know nothing about it other
than the name of the guy behind mm-hmm
that's the guy that wrote the movies so
that's not a good size it's not a good
sign but it can't say much one way or
the other until I actually see something
about what they're going to do sure the
trailer would be nice yeah that would
give you some but that doesn't exist cuz
I haven't done anything
good show yet but against a mission
statement mission solution sounded agree
no nothing
control of Disney's of prequels out of
Cannon and restore the original trilogy
back to how of us I would love to see
the original trilogy restored there's
always rumors about that with Disney but
who knows but as far as like uncaring I
think the prequels just don't just
forget about the frequently they don't
need to do anything with the preview
sorry chef that's no that was my fault I
was dumb I wasn't paying attention and
now you're dead now I'm dead I mean it's
not a problem if you just never talked
about them yeah yeah yeah yeah they
happen to focus on what's now which is
nothing to do with them JJ's manhole I
wholeheartedly endorse you buying this
window I think it's only like 15 bucks
and yes this window is worth the price
if it's 15 bucks even if it's even if
it's 20 I think it's great it's a great
game I've been really having fun with it
so yes even though you just died even
they just failed horribly but that's the
thing that death was my fault
I see I I should have been paying more
attention to the path that guard was
taking and it wasn't so I deserved about
death and after the guard spotted me I
should have ran and I didn't my fault
Oh big dum-dum
but that's okay cuz I can learn
hopefully in a best of the worst type
situation which movie gets destroyed
episode 1 2 or 3 and they're probably
episode 2 - that was worse I will give
to its budget yeah it's up there one is
that like I don't I don't follow the
people that like it's like the prequels
they don't pay attention to their
comments very often but is even with
people that like the prequels is that
one considered the weakest and in
general I don't think so I think they
like that one the most because it really
was mindless action Oh God
oh yeah that's the big arena fight
Natalie yeah shows are made drift that
movie is two hours of couch boredom
followed by just utter nonsense yeah
cartoon work it is the worst thing
remember when the factory
oh that factory sequence I'm so bad it's
like a maze or something I wanted to
walk out only reason I didn't walk out
during episode 2 is because I had gotten
in free and it would have been extremely
rude but I was sitting there wishing I
could leave did I did I see episode 2 I
know we saw up so yeah great well yeah 3
was the famous laughter incident yeah I
remember who I saw - it them I don't
know why I saw two
I know I did see it and I remember it
blocked it from my brain trying to get
as much as you can hurt us have already
sucked
yeah I'm pretty fucked right now but I
can be slightly less blocked if I can
get some cash
because I'm super awesome don't get
cocky right famous laughter explain
everybody knows this story is not a
watching episode 3 and then the famous
Darth Vader no happened oh where is
Padme I just started laughing yeah you
know the rich Evans laughs the rich
Evans laughed this isn't a theater full
of people in a theater full of people
saying and I could not I I literally
laughed all the way through the Yoda
scene right afterwards could not stop
yes in in theater to be fair that part
is ridiculous
oh it's so bad yeah I remember people
like turning around and looking back at
us how do you people not hear this
perform I tell this story like every
other week what is this story in
specifically this story is also in a
video oh yeah it's in the United States
of No Oh although I'm not sure if that's
online anymore that might be one that
got overlooked with the blip thing oh I
have to look into this I don't remember
it's not just that video yeah you know
what I don't know if he's ever been like
a big
plus I'm assuming there's always new
people's are always new people rich
hmm
there you go
I don't know I just I feel like that's a
story I've told too much I didn't you
know what I didn't watch episode 3 until
like well after it came out oh yeah
after kids you know and this is the
story after episode 1 I was at episode 1
at midnight me and my friends dressed up
because we're super cool people and you
know everyone came out of episode 1 like
well yeah it's just the first one yeah
it was a lot yeah I was I was in denial
for a while oh those are the characters
were stuck with and they're all horrible
yeah super short but you know respect
the denial and and then you know you see
episode soon you just go okay we're done
and so it took me a long time to even
see episode 3 and after I did it was
just oh I hadn't I had no passion left
to laugh at them no I guess what I'm
saying now it's it's perfect it's like
the perfect punchline to a really long
joke I know is like the epitome of it
was like what at that entire series is
building towards somebody in the church
just said it's important why did you see
that movie in the theater in the first
place I was forced to oh yeah we saw we
were seeing it for free so it's like why
not yeah but even though even seeing it
for free Jam Mike came over to my place
Oh glamour go to see episode 3 and I'm
like no no I don't want to they had to
drag they basically dragged me to the
yeah I think that was the point where
like cuz Episode one you know super
excited and then it sucked so you're
disappointed episode 2 is like well this
is it that's what the series does so by
the time the third one came out I wasn't
even disappointed anymore just like
let's just go see how bad it is some
morbid curiosity at that point there was
no hope left in me that it would be you
know weirdy me or anything good so let's
just go see it let's see what happens I
see this dead and it was worth it for
the no sure
a new life
the rich aren't you glad to went to see
it for about ten minutes yes and we're
glad for about them for about 10 minutes
I brought you ten minutes of joy yep
no better than Episode two but the bar
is set pretty low sir I haven't watched
any of those movies and so I guess
there's no reason to right
i watch episode 1 like why she decide to
go I saw that they were like mic and
whatnot and I had to go with Karen oh
sure I've seen that twice I only I can't
say episode 2 and 3 I would have been
just once but I had to watch him the
second time just with mine
oh sure sure right and it's not just
like watching the movies because it's
like watching the movies and stopping
and going back watching it again and see
if we can figure out what's going on
sure you had to make o day out of watch
yes I can't even imagine I'm so sorry
more things that game like this computer
you see it's all going right and stuff
if I try to pack it it'll call the cops
let's try to save it for later but I'm
trying to clear it out so exactly and
like if there's this computer that's
open but that revolving Searchlight
problem you can but I don't I haven't
upgraded yet to take them out
oh that's an upgrade and so my plan is
to hack that computer to get caught by
the spotlight and then get the other one
at the other one on my way out but we're
gonna see if there's even another
computer that sounds the same we're
getting to the part of the game now
where you know as you see like just a
ton of different robots there's a ton of
like that robot has a shotgun gas
spewing robots if you see like the
little robot that's on fire he after you
hit him he like bursts flame that'll
kill you there's lots of things that
have killed
great
so who's John Williams is he got a score
like beside movies and no secondly is he
going to survive for all of the other
ones was he retired before this new one
he's up there I'm just like what do you
do if he dies you get someone else
anybody EFT I mean I I would say like if
they were smart they would say this is
his last one this is like a passing a
baton
maybe he works on it with another newer
composer and then that newer composer
takes over I don't know if that's what
they're planning anybody's up there I
don't know exactly that no and you know
any other side movies will probably have
their own yeah no you don't use a side
only the door and that that should be
purposeful you know they should be their
own I think that's the idea is that
they'll have a different tone yeah each
have a different thing going on which is
smart at least sent it you know it's
more Star Wars but at least it has a
different kind of vibe to that a hub is
that a hub it feels fresh I'd rather not
see five Star Wars movies every year but
that's not the world we live in anymore
any chance you could take the game music
down a few notches difficult to hear you
guys talking oh sure we can no one's
brought this up till just now
you know everybody speaker is different
you did one knotch
two notches thank you
what's their ensuing global volume and
music volume so like their sound effects
and usually like what should you do that
farm I thought global did oh let's
assume not okay I mean I still want
people to hear the game during lulls in
the conversation not like laughs in the
country yes we want to see we want them
to hear our lulls not lol's al
you ll u LZ understand so we want them
to hear our lulz and also hear something
when there are laws does that make sense
I get it great I'm glad you guys don't
get it like that that was a great loss
was a great example of Allah wow this is
so much better I didn't even know it was
a problem Oh lol that fixed nothing and
then by the way check this is why we
have a hard time doing anything yeah you
got someone saying oh my god this is
great perfect and then you have someone
going no difference at all so they go
there you go you fucks you tried this is
what we get for trying
hey hey what movies are you looking
forward to this year you're almost over
it's almost over I'm looking forward to
Creed yeah I want to see cream luck yeah
Creed that's pretty much it I don't know
the tray I I guess I don't know like a
younger audience but I mean you see the
trailer it's so informed by Rocky
yeah son of Apollo crew yes who rocky
will train yeah it's so weird like I
don't care about boxing at all right I I
love Rocky I mean the first movie is
it's about a guy who's a boxer it's not
a boxing movie right sequels that kind
of changes Rocky's just great movies
there's nothing there's nothing nothing
to be ashamed about with all the loving
all the Rocky movies for very different
reasons yeah yeah it's long as you
established for different reasons so the
fourth one is one of the dumbest things
ever but it's so funny so now I've just
bought the thing that will make me shut
off those spotlight things what else is
left to come out this year I mean
obviously Star Wars but right as I have
said I'm cautiously optimistic about
that I went Sam Mockingjay part 2 I
haven't seen any of those except the
first one and I thought the first one
was it was entertaining
I just haven't kept up if the new Star
Wars is great I'll be happy if the new
Star Wars is terrible I won't care yeah
you'll continue on yeah as normal yeah
that's kind of how I am I would like it
to be good but we'll see like I'd like
it to be good because I like good movies
I will say that about any literally any
movie yeah oh I would like to see a new
good Star Wars movie sure because we
haven't had one in a very very very very
time people are mentioning hateful eight
and oh yeah and what oh crap
Oh Krampus yeah okay yeah I guess
there's a lot to look forward to and
it's hateful eight come out December
pretty soon yeah yeah I'm looking
forward to that that's great I kind of
forgot that that was coming out but yeah
I still have to see django django is
good I know isn't like the sequel to
Django no it's just another western
which is weird because every movie he's
been doing it's been so different and
it's weird that he would do two westerns
in a row but if it's good then that'll
be the second good western starring Kurt
Russell to come out this year he's any
movie that came out recently called bone
tomahawk bone bone tomahawk which is a
Western with townsville battling savage
cannibals it's really good that sounds
really Richard Jenkins isn't it he's
really great in it
well the box from lost is in it I'm a
little bit disappointed I heard that
Cowboys vs. skeletons there's probably
better movie like that I don't think of
one but I'm sure it exists if only that
could be a real thing but know it's
there like these savage cannibals and uh
yeah it gets there's one kill towards
the end that is one of the most like
shockingly brutal things I've ever seen
no it's great hacking little things you
have seen well I mean I've seen I've
seen like schlock movies where there's
like excessive gore but this movie it's
it's very dry and very realistic so when
it happens and it's you know done
realistically and believably it has more
of an impact than something like Dead
Alive sure it's just like excessive gore
