Smooth Criminals (The Swindle Part 1)
November 15, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JW9S953tgsQ

we could use we're not using that's
right we had an issue with the green
screen and in wispy ports on the laptop
we're streaming this hour we're
streaming on the laptop so there's no
there's no face cam today I'm sorry
there's no face cam because the whoever
sent us that lovely our to USB hub it's
not a powered USB uh yeah and several of
our devices including our audio mixer
and our game capture device need to be
powered USB I I say we blend your laptop
which only has two fucking USB ports
it's a laptop that's better than the new
iMac laptops that don't have any ports
of any kind that's true the new there's
a power port and that's it right how are
you supposed to use anything everyone's
supposed to be wireless that's what they
want
yeah for fuck's sake and the power port
also can W can like you know you know
what that is it's fucking bullshit this
fucking bullshit was what that is you
can you can double I'm a fan of half the
products but I agree rich the but that's
but that's also the air that's like the
the lower grade the gas humor is great
they're not worried about plugging does
their higher end wants to live ports
well like this you know the pro is still
hiring them they don't have to move from
out which I will assume have some sort
of course Mario Mario 42 and emcee Lucas
and mr. shy smile thank you for
subscribing for insanely obscenely long
amounts of time we really appreciate it
it's true we do and we're finally
playing the swindle
this is a game that I've said we were
playing for the past like two weeks and
every time we've accessed reamed it was
a different game so what is this a
swindle people we swindle people so this
game came out a while ago but it has
some horrible game breaking bugs to it
but they finally patched all the bugs
and
I really like it and so I wanted to play
sassoon because I saw you tweet about
this where you mentioned Cthulhu so I
assumed this was some sort of like HP
Lovecraft related game oh I was just
swearing on our Lord and Savior Cthulhu
okay okay I was I was swearing and I
assumed it had something to do with the
game oh no I was just declaring my ever
dying devotion to the mighty mandibles
of our Lord and Savior Peavy so humberto
cabbage badge and a SART Bhimsen thank
you for subscribing we really
appreciated his true we really do I
missed our new game and there's a little
bit of text and so I thought I would do
it in my Michael Caine impression book
because this is like a British game talk
to talk about ash versus the Evil Dead I
think doesn't know we're gonna ever talk
about are you up on the ropes oh yeah I
didn't think it was as strong as the
first two still good I liked the demon
the demon is a little tube video game II
like it looks like something out of like
I don't know Silent Hill or something
you know what it looked like is B grade
Guillermo del Toro oh yeah that's good
I mean he's kind of neat but my issue is
with the female cop lady I already
remember her name
female cop I dislike her very much
because she makes baffling decisions
it's like she's like determined to
arrest ash yeah when she goes in the
back room in that bookstore and sees him
face to face with a demon all she is
concerned with is a rusty Nash yeah like
she's so one note that it's obnoxious so
I dislike her character is she wrong
well yeah yes who's who was she she was
waiting asked for summoning the demons
right no she still thinks that he's like
a killer no she knows there are demons
she does even she's still like
determined to she arrest ash I think
there are bigger things to worry you're
sick
she thinks he's responsible for the
demons he is responsible for the demon
but you can't like arrest someone like
that's not a normal law that's breaking
I just determined to arrest him it's
weird
the irony is
she's 100% right because Osher in even
in that fucking episode ashes
moronically something at summon any
dimensional Haven it turns out he can't
control right right
no I'm doing with that in theory you
think I percent correct sure I just like
the execution of it is really botched
I'm fine with it in theory I just don't
think it's very well written that aspect
yeah so that's my biggest problem I did
like in this in this episode they seem
to take a little more time
character-wise yeah I like that I like
that there they're actually building a
little bit of hey those with ash like
he's I'm sure it'll be very tiny amazing
up some sort of art which I appreciate
like that was my big problem with the
second episode we didn't get a chance
like with second episode oh yeah I like
that episode a lot like I liked it but I
wanted it to be like five or ten minutes
longer of just padding I was just more
character town I felt like it was a
little too rushed
yeah there's a lot going on but I love
that whole long awkward dinner scene yep
that was great I was so good car fight
was great in episode 2 yeah but like I I
just wanted a little more than yeah I'm
just upset this episode had that yeah
I'm waiting for Lucy Lawless to do
something they keep teasing her she was
a badass in the Sun oh she had her
moment at the beginning and then she's
gone for the rest of the episode like I
like her a lot I like what she don't
stop but her since to do she's alone
since the build-up I know I know I'm a
are building it all but I want him to
get to that point cuz I'm sure she's
gonna be awesome I'm not gonna tarnish
some people don't know but that was that
was like spoiled in like the
Comic Con 10 months ago what her role is
going to be I I think I heard something
about
oh don't spoil yeah no I won't spoil it
I hold on I'm going to start the game
and I got a read you think I'll be back
renji I'll be back
London 18-49 in 100 days Scotland Yard
will activate their breakthrough our
official intelligence technology
codenamed The Devil's basilisk
it's surveillance capabilities will be
total if the project is completed your
career as a master burglar will be
untenable but what do we do when we fall
we steal it before that can happen you
have one under days okay how's my Mike
that's it so quick your Michael K knows
my my cocaine
quick before Jay comes back so the this
is bait this is what I'm calling sneaky
spelunky this game is it's very much
like spelunky but you got a sneak and it
has a kind of a build up a lot like
invisible ink where if you die it's okay
you get new characters and you just have
to gain enough resources to take on the
big body at the end which is breaking
into the police station to steal the
devil's the bestest there's all sorts of
upgrades and such and whosits and
whatnot so but right now I have zero
money so I got to go steal some money so
I'm enry bez though are you starting a
new game which doesn't continue this is
a new game starting from the beginning
you have 100 days to see how the Devils
combustibles and then you look at your
little guy he's adorable
all the people you always start off with
this guy but then when you die all of
your peoples appearance and name is
procedurally oh really
and every jet every level is
procedurally and you work your way up
the levels right now I can only go to
the slums you have to pay to get into
new members so start stealing from the
slums I wouldn't be happy until I
started and ended the game
that's that that is an achievement is
what doing the entire thing has that guy
and you know I'm getting I'm getting
their word you know
deaths mean something so basically you
know here's the level and you have to
get back to your pod after it is doing
everything have these little robot
released and then that's their Fiat
yellow bar see very well always what
we're polite criminals it closes you
don't really need to in this game but I
still stuff its stealth happen
absolutely
they ever open doors later some of these
some of the box open doors until you can
just high ground and these are these are
you playing this with the steam because
we are not I'm playing this on the ps4
with a pistol this is one of those games
where it wouldn't matter if we had a
steam controller because how do you
people feel about our steam controller
episode
some people had some very harsh worries
is pre-split I think I think was but you
know what I thought we gave it a fair a
fair go we didn't really talk or you
know we mentioned briefly not in the
episode but in our actual conversation
how long we add it but I ended up
cutting it from the episode because it
was tied up in a different thing gonna
cut but a lot of people were complaining
that we just didn't give it enough time
of course you people who are here know
that we've had it for three weeks if
we're not comfortable with a controller
in three weeks there's a problem
I didn't even say it was worse than a
regular control I mean he's just there's
no good reason I wouldn't just keep
using my mouse and keyboard the couch
that was my board will end it but even
as a controller you're like it doesn't
replace the controller I the controller
still work controller Center game still
work just fine either absolutely
absolutely
it's it's a solution for a problem that
I don't really believe exists Steve
so I feel about that
really
that's all
welcome back to welcome
real quick
the upgrades I'm buying here is a you
know there's money laying around each
house but I also have to hack computers
and that gives me money so I now have
enough money to hack computers and
double jump like if I had play a shooter
with a controller and and the mouse and
keyboard just weren't option for one
there's a 99% chance I just wouldn't
play that game i but if I had to I would
want to use the steam controller rather
than this little it felt a little bit
more comfortable yeah a little bit
I'm coming from a controller I I think
nowhere near the mouse and I bought her
the controller for sure little comfort
and accuracy yeah yeah well there you go
well you know there you go
also a lot of people were talking about
using the mode shift to change the
sensitivity I know that I've cut out of
the episode it did you talked about that
yeah I did that and and the the the
harsh change in sensitivity never meshed
right and I think rich putted the best
in the episode which is again a cut out
because that's all happens which is it's
making something that should be simple
overly complicated yeah a good control
scheme you're not thinking about it's
not moving shouldn't be the most
complicated thing in the world
I like this hurt side and this me yeah
yep
somebody was asking us to talk about
Mystery Science Theater 3000 which
ironically enough
we are like the worst people you can ask
yeah Mystery Science Theater people seem
to think that that we're huge mystery
science theater fans which is why they
always get upset when we watch a movie
that they've apparently done and we
don't mention it I guess watch it if
they watch a movie that means no one
else can ever watch or talk about it
apparently right I like mystery sides
see her but I could probably count the
number of episodes I've seen on maybe
one hand maybe no two hands I'll say hey
we've said this before but it bears
repeating I've seen two episodes myself
but I mean when it comes to mystery
sides 3,000 I know I'm sure it's fine
program but I would rather make my own
jokes about bad movies with my friend
sure yeah that's that's a big thing for
me too it's like it's amusing I put it
on in the background sometimes or have
put it on the background but like yeah
I'd rather just watch the movie and
ridicule it yeah that was all right
they're all funny people though I mean
yum-yum yeah joel hodgson is funny I've
seen a cinematic titanic live a couple
times and that's fine also on a
completely unrelated note why would we
be excited about Mystery Science Theater
coming back it's a competitor this they
do something different it's different
most of the worst is more our reactions
than than making fun yeah and that's the
thing too is like people say like
compare us to mysteries like there Ricky
that's I mean we sometimes do when
watching the movies but we're more about
like examining the movies right and
trying to figure out why they are the
way they are
turns out it's a different thing the
game volume attack I think you need to
listen the action friend
people still that as well okay Tim
multiple comments okay they go
well the Sharia sense theater 2000 is
written yeah like they don't they don't
rip they write you well but I mean yeah
but that's the idea is that they're
commenting on they're making jokes or
things that are happening in the movie
right but it is pre-written
yes which is why cinematic titanic is
such a weird thing to me cuz you get up
on stage and they have iPads with
everything right now so the movie plays
and they just read the jokes and it goes
on oh really
really it's really bizarre like the
comments they make her funny of course
it's still like why am i watching this
live thing sure it's a little weird that
is a little weird but before that the
best stuff is before they start the rift
they have different people come out and
do like stand-up sets and stuff no
that's fine I got a hit we should invite
mystery science needle feeder people to
appear on rest of the worst absolutely
they're already invited wouldn't it be
funny if we did and just turned out they
were terrible like coming up with the
jokes and I've also worse Phoenix
they'll be like watching it the whole
time taking notes these spikes so what
are we recording the episode guys we're
doing it right now oh shit
no they're invited if you know I'm
invited yeah we wouldn't turn him down
oh god no what happened to the face cam
has that been dipped yes we ditched the
face cam yep it's never coming back it's
not on this one stream which means it's
gone forever to be fair it's been gone
from a couple streams but you know for
reasons for reasons for this particular
episode you know it's a big pain for
rich to bring in the big computer and so
for this one I knew we were streaming
from the ps4 or with the ps4 so I could
just stream from my laptop my laptop
doesn't have all of the USB inputs that
Rich's computer has which means we
needed to ditch something
and what we did so you have to break the
window thank you guys we have a victory
camp
it's easy enough to be seen without the
FaceCam what said oh I get it
what do you get oh you're talking about
the game I was talking about the game I
was talking about like what I was in the
game these these are the cops yeah are
they made of wood they're robots
they're robot policemen okay I think oh
that reminds me
you know what's coming the blu-ray wrote
or no well I don't think it's officially
announced yet but that's the rumors that
scream factory is putting out wrote or
on blu-ray scream factory stop it to be
factory is the best are we responsible
for that I would doubt it I think it had
a little bit of a following before I was
unaware of it beforehand but Bobbitt but
they for lesser-known movies like that
they usually do like a like a double
feature blu-ray where's that paired up
with another movie so it's that and a
movie called millennium which I don't
know what that is or anything about it
but rotates hendrickson TV show
millennium it's no it wouldn't be that
row some movie wrote or in HD oh god why
haha next month they're putting out the
Garbage Pail Kids movie I think I'm the
only one in the world that's excited
about that look at that fun little
glitch that row button policeman is is
rocking out now he's freaking out it's
fine that's fine fine I called it a fun
little glitch
Jack is playing yeah this game this is
Jam is that how you describe this game
right now this game is my jam this is
the game that I've been playing in my
free time and I love it
and it's as I mean I might be making it
seem a little easy cuz I'm used to it
but it's super-dee duper-dee fun
hopefully I can get to some of the later
levels work it's very interesting so far
so far I haven't died which is very
exciting
millennium was a time travel jet crash
movie okay that's what I like about
those scream factory double packs is
like if I might buy one if there's like
a specific movie but the other movie on
there maybe I've never heard of so it's
like I'm being introduced to anything
there you go ascension morning right
that was minute are there plans for a
stream of thumb this year J uh you know
I haven't made up my mind yet if there
will be or now yours each dream of thumb
if there is it'll be comprised of
nothing red letter media related let's
just be all sorts of weird I think we've
reached a wide enough audience now where
there's too many people watching and
like people were recording the stream
and uploading it last year so yeah the
charm of it is that it's just all this
random stuff people watch live like it's
not why would you want to watch it was
experience it lies talk about it right
that that was part of the madness I was
in and out last year yeah and that's
that's part of the charm we there at the
end when I did my Ishtar remix oh I lost
my mind at the end there's great so yeah
like that type of stuff is meant to be
experienced live so like watching Ishtar
at 50 different speed in a row yes I was
laughing endlessly as I was doing that I
was having so much fun because I wasn't
planned I just started doing it sure so
so to hack you hold down the triangle
bar I have to do it it says right right
up and if you do it wrong in the cops go
oh no I think I made this seem too easy
there are a lot of cops this seems
pretty easy
well yeah these are the early levels and
I'm used to it it's um comically easy I
don't what's the point what's the point
what's the point yet at all this game
sucks gay game sucks how about doing a
live movie commentary for Christmas how
about how about we spend time with our
families for Christmas oh I don't know
spend time with our families live movie
commentary horse a piece a I'm assuming
they just mean for Christmas and not
actually on Christmas why but I I
thought we would ever ever do a live
commentary I'd be tough
I've got a huge part of what what makes
what we do work is the Edit even so edit
out the bad stuff this is as close to a
live commentary of anything you'll get
mm-hmm and unfortunately you can't walk
oh my god you did it amazing what just
cuz you're not playing right you don't
get okay I see are those spikes
those are spider spikes in the sky
Phoenix needs to be aware that there are
spikes in this game I don't see Phoenix
I didn't he died I think he fell on a
spike oh well there are spikes in the
background there lung did great
shut up fridge what I didn't say
anything bad is it me what you want me
to do jump up and down clap my hands and
go wait till we get the cam back and
then do that you may okay they did mean
Christmas time around Christmas time
okay great
that makes sense
more money a little more money
what do we do when we
so what's hard at this game for somebody
well any what you're not seeing is
insta-death which is true like if I land
on spikes I'm dead one of the see if the
cops see me the alarm gets raised and
then police come and police instant kill
me if I wait if I don't knock them out
after they see me they'll kill me you
know if you fall too long here already
we're getting our cops part of why this
looks easy just because I've been
playing this game so much I know it very
well
let's see an hour.get starting to get
some cop variation and you know you just
have to get the most money possible to
upgrade yourself to make sure you can
get to the next level
make sure you can upgrade yourself
we haven't run across anything super
hard yet
mostly because I also know what's
upgrade like what's really important
upgrade is an upgrade you can get is
what I'm doing right now which is if
you're sliding on a wall you can stop
and slide and just kind of hang out it's
very very important and of course I
learned that was important just to try
on here the double jump is very
important I see here this will be a
little tricky area this guy has a long
field of view but it moves pretty slow
can you just ignore cops just go to a
different area and everything absolutely
absolutely this area is too tricky to
get past which it might lead I can just
go to another area but if you kill all
the cops in an area you get bonus think
of monetary bonds with your company is
any of us seen samurai cop - yeah I
didn't know it was done is it out I
don't know I mean it hasn't if we seen
it well then there's your answer we
don't know if it's done is it done chap
well no check whoever said that I said
it's done jay is samurai cop - done yes
is it how it's done they've had some
screenings I don't think it's not
available we have not seen it no
it was the client yes we don't get a
special advanced copy copy like this in
particular at least you guys have a long
field site and do you have to get past
them
there's DC like down yeah where it says
current property I'm sure there's
another terminal down there but is it
necessary it's not like I could leave
now I have $1400 in this hall you can
see in the top left corner which is
pretty good and all I need is over 4,000
to open up the next area so I could
leave but if I want to be greedy and you
do just a be patient see if these guys
never sync up with a one guy saying
there's no way to do this you need a
bomb I hope we need to bomb oh I don't
have a gun Jack Jack does not have a
bomb I don't once that's a lot of be
chosen always be closing good OCD lots
of talk about star wars people all
assume we have these superimposing Star
Wars The Force awakens plants oh you
mean like for videos yeah what our plan
is like to see it there's the for votes
not even nothing to see it yeah I've
seen I've seen Star Wars before alright
you know it's just more of the same
oh my god he's got it going through the
window amazing
this is how rich gets when he's not
playing it's all fine I'm not gonna risk
those spikes on the bottom so I won't
get all of the money because there's
some money down there don't wanna risk
those spikes the game is still like a
little buggy where the hitboxes are a
little wonky and sometimes those spikes
get you in they don't want
it looks like the spikes are also like
scolding hot so there's like smoke
coming off of them maybe
tgd phoenix Ashura being extra spikes
phoenix you are here for the spite the
grand spike reveal sorry also like it's
funny like for movement speed if i
upgrade that it says your thief's
pelvic bones are removed and replaced
with high tensile copper alloy and I can
you know that is fun
sir is there some kind of like spike
based in the Bulbasaur is that a thing
maybe where someone's just obsessed with
talking about spikes spiked ism yeah
could be could be
I cannot be oh yeah hyper spike
awareness or it could just be that this
is this is his bit and he's he's
sticking with it and I respect that to
the bitter end to the bitter end I
respect that he's got a bit he's
sticking with it alright so now we are
in the next area the joke is on life
support
dying sticking with it yep sticking with
it okay so here her the game starts
getting interesting I don't yet have the
upgrade to hack doors so these big doors
I can't get it see how to get me outside
or throw a winner yeah and I need to
just find any note a new way in until I
can raise enough money
noises don't bother these people not not
these cops certain cops noises bother
later like here look at these these are
like big guy cops they take a few hits
to get down does get more
more variation
okay those guys don't die right away
yeah they take they get knocked out you
have to hit them three times three times
okay no there's like a little rusty like
just see what this guy this guy takes a
little tease I'm assuming he can't die
actually he won't unit it is electric
yes which is another thing so like see
when he's going right like that okay
yeah those wispy yeah take some risk
sometime
oh my
tick tock tower music yeah it's a little
it's a extreme punky all the whole game
the steampunk
cyber climb adventure this one is called
a con there's a computer that's the big
what else is new and you see the new
Ronda Rousey gift I didn't see the gift
what is the gift it's the entire fight
Oh was it quick of course but in a
surprising turn of events she lost but
she lost but rather quickly okay so did
she normally beat people fairly quickly
was that she normally beats people so
fast that it's easier to view the
30-second gift than it is to view like
the five minute introduction and then
you know then 30-second fight fix what
fix but no she lost she that if she
would have this was her last fight and
if she would have won she would have
been undefeated fix I'm sure I'm sure
some I didn't tell you mobsters made a
lot of money also the saying it was the
second round Oh was it yeah oh well then
I go that's how much I know I just saw
wait wait another saying they're only
two round fights in Japan oh okay
well somebody else's angle is the second
round so I don't fuckin know it doesn't
matter it doesn't matter it's over she
lost the other the add the gift is very
impressive like the kick that the other
lady gave her was you know something
that I can't so very much therefore very
impressive
but here's the other thing that this
games kind of all about it's like I
don't have any bomb but you see this
area down here there's another computer
which is big money when you need a bomb
to get there okay you don't have one but
I don't have bombs and so then it's like
just get what this game does is a really
good job of like telling you what's
important without a little text that
says you could use a bomb here and so
it's one of those you learn by doing
it's like oh I really want that but I
can't get in there oh there's questions
why don't you have bombs because you
have to purchase them as an upgrade why
haven't you purchased homes because
other things were more important to
purchase okay
movement speed sticking to walls and
double jumping is more important
so I'm going to sing Jack you have bombs
did I buy box
oh I might have bombs oh oh hold on the
controls are all phony actually has
bombs so Jack actually has bombs but the
the moral of the story is if I didn't
have bombs that room would still be
there and it still does a good job of
telling you what to do hold on I got to
change some stuff sneak I want to be
this open toolkit I want to be this okay
well will I be getting Mass Effect 4 I
any count anyone who wants to send me a
physical copy of Mass Effect 4 I will
destroy it on camera on open though I
would really honestly I would rather you
just like gave that money to charity
give it to some orphans
give them 50 bucks but if you do waste
money buying Mass Effect 4 I will
destroy it on camera there you go you
heard it here first folks
red you can bomb anywhere yeah about
that
I forgot one of them little wooden
pretty little better they had to bomb
this yeah gosh
now if you send me a digital copy I will
not destroy my computer but I won't
accept the gift so there you go there's
this being a complete waste there you go
what if Mass Effect 4 fixes the problem
that is that is literally impossible the
problems of three are so great yeah
you
everything's fine
I have bobster I know I was was very
worried about you
possessing an item that I didn't know
existed in the game yep I had it the
whole time not the whole
that's not that that oh wow so you
fucked up
no you fuck it up I was doing really
well I'm sorry what do you lose they
locked it up if you die you I lost six
thousand eight hundred dollars which is
a big deal because that would have
bought me what do you keep then I guess
nothing if you die I mean you know like
I keep like you know I still have 1600
in the bank from all my previous eyes
but you lose all that money from the
current heist that you're on and you
lose a day you only have a hundred days
to okay to steal the devil's basilisk ah
motherfucker
what have you just chose to jump right
into the demons basket NASA lick vessel
Asst commission right from the start you
can't you can't okay you have to buy
your way into that mission go mother
fucker rich is not fuckin dead because
I'm not playing again well you're
talking about that that that best of the
worst issue issue issue
are you dead we're rich as day yeah yeah
oh yeah rich died several now he's back
though we may explain how he came back
in a future video
it's quite the tale I'll tell you that
much yeah oh and it has some pretty deep
nito's
and and we explained it using science
pretty else
another well-timed what the fuck yeah if
you want to if you really need the
ending that episode to be cannon by
ghost just possessed my dead body
oh that was really convenient yep
everything's pretty much the same except
now I I smell a little bit better
fuck fuck fuck it up all over the place
put the bond support : put the bomb too
close to the computer and
gosh gosh gosh
we should do a best of the worst with
Christian movies are we we've we've kind
of avoided that a lot of them are just
generic you know like the Left Behind
movies they're not like laughably bad
yeah
I think we have a couple decent
candidates that maybe aren't like 100%
Christian but slight Christian overtones
yeah
when SOS was just kind of a weird
exception well we didn't know what that
was
and that's batshit insane you know most
of like the like Christian movies are
just you know they teach Christian
values but they're just like generic
lifetime looking movie they're bland and
wrong yeah you need something that's
that it's trying to teach a value but
it's so insane
yeah like SOS like that's funny like I
haven't seen the Kirk Cameron movie
saving Christmas that came out last year
bicycle I think that's supposed to be
kind of nutso maybe a little
investigating if I maybe definitely
maybe definitely possibly you got that
yes
others it's a bent-over cash
oh that's the door I see
oh yeah the door fell
I see how thin parts
I guess a little buggy and so like their
issues with the object detection so
sometimes if you like
sometimes if you like when we describe
great great clothes go Jay have you seen
Passion of the Christ Jay have you seen
the nail-biter yes and no the nail-biter
no idea I don't think I know what the
nail-biter is I saw I saw Passion of the
Christ in the theater just out of
curiosity yeah and either you ever seen
it no it's like it's like torture porn
yeah it was the whole point I thought I
guess but it's like when it was over I
was like that's it like I mean I guess I
know what he's going for but yeah you're
just watching a dude be tortured for 90
minutes that's it there you go
I have not seen it since so it's like
wrote one no in wrote or you're know the
audience is being tortured it's closer
to like I don't know I'm trying to think
of a comparison that's another cry
because it's yeah it's just like like it
was like exploitation it was like
violence it was like it like Solow the
Pasolini movie or something where it's
just here's all these graphic horrifying
things it's a very Catholic approach I
guess
I have no idea what the nail-biter is at
least I don't think I do are they saying
with the map I'm saying is that like at
a neoprene thing not that I know I'll
look it up
Niels the the new hot fat movie director
in town yeah how did that well I just
out of the blue all of a sudden now
everyone's talking about him yep someone
found him somewhere and started talking
about him yes and I'm happy they did
male fighter 2013 so what we're talking
about I have no idea what this movie is
and so now we're getting into some real
shit here you see this little gear box
at the redline there's a landmine oh and
if I don't hack that correctly I blow up
how much time do you get for the prompts
yeah I mean a couple seconds I'm not not
a lot fine Oh fine one second I have no
idea
Oh oh no I didn't get away in time okay
I was trying to be you know what I was I
was doing careful getting cocky that's
what I do sometimes with the landmines
as I blow them up on purpose so I don't
have to people you have to be here for
the whole strength why
