Lego Marvel Super Karen & Rich
May 10, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EqbUvHUcdao

I you I tell I see right now it's like a
Triton Opik rainbow here yeah yeah there
should be game starting surely no not
you you want him again so here you are I
talk about all kinds of nerdy things we
were talking about hot steamy dinosaur
sex a little bit the other day and I was
actually I look so I went I looked that
up and you know what how how dinosaurs
how they think dinosaurs might have been
sexually determined because some species
determined sex by whether or not the
embryo was fertilized and some species
determined sex with you know X Y or Z W
genetically and some speak you know and
some species determined sex by which one
is the biggest in the in a group and
some or or whether or not there's
females or males needed or or
temperature of a you you brought so we
are we are so so there was I looked it
up there was a guy who would hypothesize
now I thought like the I know that they
they've kind of decided prevailing
theory if I'm not mistaken is that
dinosaurs went extinct to a cunt due to
a combination and increased volcanism
and a an asteroid that hit in the
Yucatan Peninsula I looked that up it's
like the little literally blip on the
Yucatan Peninsula I thought at first
when they said that that maybe the Gulf
of Mexico was supposed to be an asteroid
hole and I was thinking man if something
that big hit us it would be like it
would vaporize the planet like like the
the impact of supposedly threw off a
chunk of the earth and made the moon now
something that something that big hits
us there might not even be a boy the
whole entire is crust and pretty much
sterilize everything which there's
reason to believe that's happened
multiple times and that life has just
read
seeded from asteroids or something or
Duvall more than once but anyway so this
guy was speculating that that dinosaurs
had got one extinct because the
temperature got warm now I would have
thought that you know nuclear winter
style that things would have gotten
colder but the temperature got too warm
and that this in a crocodilian fashion
made dinosaurs all-male practically and
then they weren't enough girl dinosaurs
to lay eggs and continue on to me since
the oven school of dinosaur sex weren't
enough girl dinosaurs to make more
dinosaurs and so somebody else went and
they did a study about this and you know
they were going by like the existing
clades or whatever they call in the
existing groups of animals you know
whether they're you know groups and
those animals in those groups like
saying the crocodilians or reptiles or
mammals animals are their modern
descendants sexually determined by their
sect you know their their sexual
male/female are they determined by and
of course some animals are from
appetites and some are some do can make
babies up for a blizzard sedation and
everything else but are they is it that
temperature dependent and they said you
know they want to they wanted to see do
animals who are temperature dependent
did animals who are temperature
dependent for their sex determination
died out at higher rates than ones whose
modern ancestors aren't and probably the
ancient ones are genetically determined
and actually they found the opposite and
it was just about us you you you came to
paragraph full nerd full neuro so it
sounds like whatever not only is that
not the problem but it seems like if
anything it's the opposite
so whatever till dinosaurs dinosaurs
were like crocodile
determined by temperature of asparagus
is very debated that if they're like
modern birds Karen you'll you died on me
you're very quiet testing testing
testing and my my buttons aren't working
where am I putting green Oh what
happened I'm like yelling writer than my
microphone so you got you got very quiet
I didn't and my controller is not
working right I see resume options
extras here you're playing around with
oh you're playing Legos yeah but I can't
like the troubles don't let me switch
characters I'm wearing my but my pc
controller is not working right that
could be bad cuz I can't I can't switch
characters now oh you go cuz the best
character Hulk ain't glazed yeah but
look as he's like using Lego style
footprints all over everything I was
somebody still our volume bridge I think
they're they're suggesting that you rock
blasting your eardrums or something well
let you just turn their own volume down
I can I can control like separate things
here okay well I know but before you
were saying that your volume relative to
mine so if they're turning it up to hear
me and then they're being blasted by the
relative volume of you I don't know I
mean I'm talking about as loud as I
major game making an intentional effort
to go this is me yeah
I don't know I can't my controller is
fucked I can't I can't switch characters
which she was gonna make this impossible
wait wait you're you know you're you're
going from resuming the options and your
up and down buttons are working your
d-pad oh yeah but my well the problem is
my my-y buttons not working the button
you use to switch care others nope i if
i were yeah i had a controller for you
but yeah sorry
oh and but anyway dinosaur sex i wanted
to bring up there's a book called dawn
of the d the prehistoric origins of sex
by Johnny Law sir second I mean we were
talking the other day about how birds do
it and how how bees do the birds and the
bees birds do it with YW herb no y WT
and and the the homozygous the one
that's got two are the same thing as the
boy instead of the girl which is a
little odd after all that stuff you know
how honors that stuff evolved I mean how
do you go from something that's
temperature dependent for its I need to
read a book about that too but uh
temperate how do you go from something
that's temperature dependent for its
sexual determination how does that ever
end up reproducing for something that
needs needs uh you know a WZ sexual love
chromosomes to I I think I think you're
talking over everybody's not I think you
regardless always fun I assume they had
a bird sound Chloe cos a lot of things
have Chloe cos it's the whole female you
know female mammals are probably you
know about the only ones who have this
separate vagina and urethra and anus but
you think is they do I think my Wyatt my
wife when I seems like it might be
working now
I'm not sure about monotremes they lay
eggs they might have like this yeah this
is Karen so yeah if you want I just want
to answer questions they have yeah I
don't I don't know if they care about
dinosaurs away cuz though they care
about they like the heat death of the
universe because it's depressing they
like it when I talk about depressing
things in an open and honest way I think
you want to talk about books we talk
about books I know they brought all the
Martians where yeah there's motion yeah
I cannot wait it's it's the kind of
geekery like like like if they took
Apollo 18 and got rid of Tom Hanks and
just made it made the entire movie about
that scene where they take a big box of
stuff and say this is what they have up
there this is what you have to work with
make something and they turn that into
like a whole movie and and then had like
actors who made you know sarcastic
remarks and swore a lot that would be
what people aren't people might not be
familiar with or what is about this this
astronaut it's set in the future but
it's said in like the reasonably nearer
although yeah they don't need any sauce
to a date and the the author he
originally self-published and actually
he released like a chapter at a time
online he's like he works in like
aerospace or engineering or something
and anywhere and he released the chapter
at a time so these really geeky people
could proofread it but it's about this
astronaut and he's on a mission to Mars
with a group of other astronauts and
there's a unusually intense storm and he
gets separated from the other people and
it looks to them because you know his
vital signs get cut off and and it looks
like his there's a puncture of the suit
and stuff they think he's dead and not
only that his radio wasn't working so he
has to figure out a way without you know
a working radio on him to contact earth
and say yeah I'm not dead can you guys
come back for me and he has to find a
way to survive he's got some rations but
he doesn't have enough rations to
survive for as long as it would take
them to get to him because you know Mars
is way further than what he he fights
the alibi'd shoot it's man versus nature
he fights the elements and he and he
meets up with some some discarded
semi-functional probes that we have
previously sent to Mars I'm sure it
could be for some people it was a cellar
it's gonna be a movie and it's awesome
it's like hard sci-fi you know the so
called horror not like difficult but
like factual that tries to say what
would happen in the action world without
any aliens without Marvin the Martian is
unfortunately and his dog the one that
looks suspiciously like Pluto also
missing because obviously Marvin the
Martian is Warner Brothers but somebody
copied somebody surely have one
completely over your head why would
Marvin the Martian have it would be in
keeping with actually that wouldn't do
so a good point
Deimos or Phobos well I figure you know
cuz they're both planets well at least
it kind of got demoted now it's just
like a Kepler about a large Kepler belt
body or whatever someone in the stream
said they listen to the audiobook
version of the Martian I guess this is a
lot of the book know that their husband
I actually like did Kindle has say who's
Karen who is Karen rich this is okay I
guess not everybody listens to every
stream I still have people shocked every
now and then when I mentioned I have a
fiance and and Kara is my fiancee this
is this is the the woman I'm going to
marry we're too
cute little geeks so yeah that's Karen
hi but um but yeah smart on the march
forward
oh yeah and Kepler belt and Pluto's not
a planet and where were we going to this
something called whisper sync amazon has
it where you can you read the book and
it keeps track of where you are so you
could like you know to the word pretty
much certainly to the page but if you
highlight the words you probably do it
to the word so you can read a page and
then you can listen to the next page
while you're driving or whatever and
then you can pull it back up and if you
haven't bulb assuming and you can you
know go back and forth
I actually listened to parts of it and
read parts of it you know like I did
both you know I solved the same book but
parts of it I listened to and parts of
it I I read because of course reading is
yeah I like to read plus certainly
quickly the most of you know what are
you but you can listen to an audiobook
while you drive while you work while you
do stuff that players your hands and
eyes but not necessarily your full
undivided attention
so yeah the Martian totally other geeky
books I was reading so we didn't we
didn't talk about the Martian last time
your I was training with us is good
stuff right right now I'm reading
reading a book called the disappearing
spoon by by Sam team it's a history of
the periodic table of the elements which
sounds incredibly dry but is that is
that a matrix it in reruns its I see
what you're talking about
yeah should I spoil why that's where the
title comes from
all right you know how boxers solid at
room temperature and you warm it up a
bit it's liquid well I think the melting
point is a little higher than butter but
it's well below boiling galley and
what's what's melting point apparently
apparently I can't like no idea about
the toxicity of gallium and I'm not sure
what it costs an ounce but I guess
people who are like chemistry geeks at
least once have decided to play yeah you
know gags on each other tricks by
casting a spoon out of gallium and
giving it to someone with their coffee
not inside the coffee and when they go
to stir their coffee the spoon melts
which is going to freak somebody out
because they're assuming the spoon is
made out of yep a stainless steel or
silver or something that's very and
there are three I I can only assume it's
not poisonous you know if I saw my spoon
disappeared in my coffee my next thought
would not be let's drink the coffee what
is the most about discovered all these
different elements and all of the wacky
uses that have dried and and why the
elements are like they are and what the
atomic structure is but it's written for
a general audience and I'm barely passed
chemistry I'm not a big math nerd you
know you know what you know you know
what I think I think I think the honor
of all the people listening to the
stream the ones the ones who are Star
Trek fans they're they're fine but I
think I think we are losing all of the
Star Wars fans here I lost them all yeah
yeah well we could talk about the
Starship Troopers by Robert Susy
it's true a troopers you talk about a
starship drifters yeah yeah that's good
he writes I haven't read it I read I
know you've read to me because you like
reading the band that's too sweet like
the the prequel book the short story but
with those characters yeah
Chillicothe was a Chillicothe no should
go chicolini incident Chillicothe is a
city in Ohio but ya know he's he's up
space Kahneman and he has a a robot
assistant metal Mantic relationship and
she's really the brains of the operation
but she's got a chip installed that
every time she tries to have an original
thought she reboots so he's a complete
completely deep you know he's not stupid
you know he's getting he's gonna be my
manager and he looks before he leaps
constantly and she is a brilliant robot
but she does not have free will she is
owned by him and every time she tries to
think her way out of things she loses
and it's it was just and the mercury
trilogy disenchanted is about a king who
is killed right at the beginning of the
book like in the first page or two and
he spends the rest of the book is a race
traipsing around trying to figure out
what the hell happened but it's just
very funny stuff
he's like Kurt like oldest sword the
sword has a curse on it and when he dies
he he cannot physically let go of his
sword which means he cannot climb under
the you know giant fuzzy teddy bear
thing that's gonna take him to the local
version of Valhalla or whatever
I like his books are they God's gift to
high literature probably not but they're
fun just like that off to be the wizard
is fun
I read that too there's so many books
you're throwing out these people cram so
many books I'm not saying it's bad thing
okay I'm just saying it is I'm like that
in person to I just oh yeah this is what
I find adorable about you and I i
thinkin back to dinosaurs I I need to
bring up all yesterday's bye-bye Nash
and Coleman because you put me on the
spot let you give me a call that one
time the last yeah yeah what about where
the dinosaurs all have feathers and
stuff
speculative art but they might have
looked like yeah some fur and body fat
well that's like an art book we're out
of book book right yeah
yeah I decided to play this so I could
talk because there's no consequences to
Figaro not all that you just popped
right back up I kind of grew up on the
2d 8-bit world even when with the more
advanced my NES pardon me so they're
asking what do you think about communism
unitary the Soviet style one was kind of
a mess I mean it's great in theory but
doesn't human nature kind of preclude
interpretation of capitalism as well I
mean it's like you know it's like animal
you know quote about all animals are
equal but some animals are more equal
than others and whisk I think that's was
a problem with soviet-style communism I
mean I'm in favor of things that are of
many things that are considered
socialist like you know universal health
care and food stamps for everybody
everybody wants to complain about you
know I think I think food food and
shelter and whatnot are human rights
they're turning off water in Detroit
those those are human rights and yes we
would have to raise taxes and certain
people and organizations and yes they
would probably fight that I'm not saying
there are easy solutions but you know I
am in favor of democratic socialism but
not soviet-style communism yep yeah that
sounds good and I'm not I'm not smart
enough they said they're against
state-funded mass murder and radical
stuff like that
unfortunately state-funded mass murder
isn't such a fairly radical I think
that's kind of the status quo we spend
like half of our national budget on
quote unquote defense which is we spend
like almost half of the the the defense
quote unquote expenditures in the world
or by the United States
so I'm actually going over young killing
people is actually radical I mean I know
what they were saying but yeah somebody
else is they're all for starship trooper
styles fascism well good you know sit
tight it seems like we're going that
well if you write down the movie couple
times it's it's interesting because it
basically is a fascist propaganda film
yeah there's that the red dwarf it
reminds me of that that's that one of
those episodes of Red Dwarf whether
they're watching a short film about
alien venereal diseases that's that's
kind of like the Starship Troopers humor
you know they're they're making more red
dwarf they thought recently is it Simon
Pegg is he that I can never remember
which one of them is the blonde wonder
which one's the brown haired one Simon
Pegg I don't know why he would have he
didn't blonde one alright alright the
one who did red one yeah Simon Pegg is
Scotty from the new Star Trek movies
okay who's who's the fat guy in red
dwarf who does the chubby guy huh I
don't know his name knows anybody know
his name the guy yeah he's been ran the
right on red dwarf is he is he gonna
play the next the channel in Canada but
I don't know the candidate necessarily
wants me father fed I've never heard of
I mean I don't think Canada wants a
whole pile of American piece we're here
for the socialism we're not gonna pledge
allegiance to the Queen I'm one of my
Facebook friends Franz he's saying that
in order she had to put prejudice well
though no don't reject you you coming in
but though we're sorry
do I do I believe to guarantee to carry
fuel think that'd be great I think we I
think we really need this set of floor I
mean people are worried that we're
studying a CEO know we might set a
ceiling we might make it so that it's
too hard for people to get incredibly
rich in this country yes I think we
should work really hard on setting a
floor give everybody any yes I'm sure
they're people argue that that's gonna
drive inflation and blah blah blah but
you know yeah I think we really need to
guarantee every man woman and child a
certain we've got massive vacancies and
foreclosures for lease signs everywhere
I know we've got people sleeping on the
streets it's just a mismatch there yeah
any any any other questions for Karen
Jen anything at all where you got can't
guarantee I'll answer them but yeah
that's probably a mistake don't don't
ask Karen anything take it back
take it okay great but your fiancee is
deluded and insane well why thank you
very kind of Wow
I'm sorry Karen we don't somebody said
well you know it's not like we're not
all contributing something to their
bottom line but yeah we could not talk
about politics
you're certainly there are tons of
people who disagree we may becomes a
people I disagree with and I think you
can get along with them just fine pardon
me big time for anything what do you
like oh I love video games but I like
the books but you know I'm not an addict
about them I just like them left
I like gadgets and toys
I like my new Bluetooth headset that I
got the other day on Amazon refurbished
IO I was talking about was talking to
somebody today you know I see but a new
headset just for this yeah and actually
I'm not on it I'm on I'm on I one of my
headphones has a little microphone in it
I figured up to try that first
uh-huh and the next time I'll try it
with the Bluetooth one I just didn't
want to try too many things at once I'm
actually wired yeah what tablet right
now physically wired that Bluetooth
connected to it just because I thought
that's too many things to go wrong I
mean right now I've got my Chromebook
speak I've got my tablet with you know
with that I've got my phone in case you
need to look something up there's only
so much that I can I can see dirty words
right that I can oh yeah you can say
fuck shit piss cunt mother fucker
asshole
I think I can soon you betcha
oh shit Oh Park petunias are like flower
puss answer flower penises what's the
sex organ of the plans
what okay I thought petunia was then
whoa what's this like the statement in
the pistol opportunities yeah good I
mean you know I think some plants have
like male and female flowers separately
and some of them they're both but they
don't self fertilize generally they you
know like bees and shit for that cuz
they're not physically connected I don't
know mmm-hmm
I'm about a botanist did I did I not die
once this in this room won't have
payment you go well I guess I'm not done
yeah cuz of spider-man fucking spider
look smash Oh spider-man spitefulness
cutest LEGO creation ever is adorable
this is miss my favorite Lego
Tyrannosaurus Rex for giraffes marvelous
Kubelik on probably not this is I think
this before she exists as a character oh
and you'll need to have thing to have
another one and I know you know malecon
and it needs to have Squirrel Girl I
would play it
I would totally play a squirrel are you
glad I told you about awesome
I've been reading Squirrel Girl and and
but what I'm doing is like I'm
comiXology if you get stuff well
actually the MS Marvel I've been buying
them straight paper of X but if you buy
things when they're a couple months old
they're cheaper you know they drop the
price so I'm actually a few months
behind but I've been reading that and
I've been reading the Batman 66 is and
the scooby-doo team-up which is great
no Jack tonight Jackie is the only tone
Aaron what are some
saga I love saga saga is cuz I didn't
know about saga when you first started
talking about it sublime is no idea I
want to say image and said I eww no I
think it's image and it's it's a couple
and it's like they're two peoples are
there ones for your planet once for moon
and they're you know that moon that
planets you and whatnot and these places
have been at war for you know decades
centuries lifetimes whatever
and they've also their Wars being fought
through other third parties kind of like
the french-indian war which involved you
know is between France and England but
they got the Indians involved but these
people one of them is from the moon and
one of them is from the from the planet
and they are mortal enemies these places
and these people they fall in love
they're both soldiers and they fall in
love and they have a baby the baby is
you know mixed race mixed species
whatever and both sides want to kill the
baby and it's just and in that the alien
race isn't like the book is just the
books are just beautiful and imaginative
and you say you want to wait until it
concludes so you can just read it
through I have no idea when that will
happen I think they're up to like issue
24 or 25 right now might be a while then
I think why the last man lasted 60 out
or 70 odd issues I don't know saga is
quite popular they recently released a
doubt a deluxe edition which collects
like the first three trades in a
beautiful hardcover volume but they also
released a fourth trade so yeah it's
been around a while it may continue to
be around for a while and it's got some
great characters like lying cat there's
a bounty hunter who has a cat and it
knows when people are lying and it'll
just go all whatever says is when
somebody lies it just goes flying or
whatever voice it has yeah I so know now
that you're saying comments not so much
the popular ones but what right okay so
I'm assuming you have no interests in
that somebody asked us why I'm asking
secret Wars the new thing Marvel is
doing now which is named after an old
thing more than 30 years ago know what
that is
tell me I haven't been reading comic
books in a while I don't know what's
their new crossover where everyone beats
up I mean like I know the universe I
read that but no I was gonna say now
that you're reading comic books where
you everything
to do list it's the one the one where
the guys the inbred descendant of Jesus
one of them in white yes the Best
Storyline in picture yes yeah the whole
thing
no it's led one of the major storylines
there yeah one of these days it's it's
on my to-do list I'm reading that I've
been reading trees divinity hmm most
most of most of creature is about a
Southern Baptist preacher who who is
looking to beat up God basic basically
I'm done really it's easier justice I'm
kind of that's very cool character is
the guy in Trigon who who's carrying a
cross and when he puts it down and
unwraps of his food like machine guns
and stuff he doesn't have a giant
machine gun cross but yes he's he's he's
cooler than him he is the he is the
ultimate he's the ozone so he's trying
to trying to beat up God it's got a just
God show up in this okay so so this
presupposes that there is a God who is
ascension thing photography they know
there's a god the preach that the
preacher in question gets bonded with
some kind of powerful supernatural
entity from another planet or like an
angel or from from like heaven he's he's
a crossbreed angel demon gets born and
it gets with this preacher that never
goes well what not because humans are
the sons of man and nighttime sons of
sons of God the daughters of man or
whatever was I thought it was just as
humanity was wicked so they had to blow
up III don't know these things I don't
know so ya know but but yeah saga is
wonderful else my reading Hawk Hawk I
seems to have ended
well rebooted it again with somebody
else yeah well you know I was I had a
subscription to Marvel unlimited for a
couple months but on my tablet and it's
just really a pain in the neck it just
didn't work well on my hardware and I
thought you know forget it I and
supposedly there's another subscription
comic service that I might look into at
some point but really I've probably got
all the entertainment options I need in
my life they I've been reading that you
know I like Batman I like that you know
yes that's just like the TV it's a
cheesy TV show and that's why I like it
Wonder Woman 77002 see you're loaned
alotta see honestly it's a comic book
and it's an adaptation
that's gender swapped it's all women and
the art is just beautiful of Homer's The
Odyssey Odysseus Odysseus is a woman why
does that why does that need a gender
swaps I can't discuss the guy's daughter
or something but it's it's it's just in
some space too by the way
it's just a weird futuristic take on the
Odyssey and it's written in like some
kind of something-or-other pentameter or
something or iambic pentameter or
whatever it is it's written in some kind
of oddly written like in whatever the
originals written in which is kind of an
interesting thought uh-huh
no I haven't I'm heard of wool but I
haven't actually read it well yeah
maybe even a trilogy it's some kind of
sci-fi okay
have you read read anything written by
Alan Moore yet or do you don't even plan
to you know I keep always meaning to and
I never do
I mean well bomp thing looks really good
yeah I actually like picked it up right
I think it's what yours on sale okay I
have it digitally the only couple bucks
I like having some I really like the way
comic books
look digitally and I know you like the
physical ones and you know I kind of
like the heaven the Kamala Kahn one MS
marvel ones but in general I really like
the rich saturated bright colors of
digital comic books and the fact that I
can zoom in on stuff and have it nice
and big so I can see all the detail I
like digitally a panel by panel you know
changing and whatnot and some of them
like the Batman ones and whatnot they're
optimized for digital so you click on it
and you know boom and you click on it
again and the other punch happens and
stuff in the same panel which is yeah
I've also a pretty bitch plan which is a
series where people women who are
non-compliant are thrown into prison
that's really that's where they send all
the women who was listening to their men
trying this oh my gosh I mean they're
trying to come together a team for this
like mm a planet thing you know kind of
like a Hunger Games kind of thing but
it's just it's only a few issues doesn't
matter horrible and would actually want
to do something like oh no sunlight no
it's it you know like his maids tale
it's one of those like dystopian future
where whether they're treated like shit
yeah I'm not saying that that would
happen it's it's you know speculative
fiction
sure sure but but yeah I've been reading
that yes and I do want to read the watch
the what and I started to read it I
don't know why I stopped I guess I got
distracted I'm good at that but uh I
mean I love the characters and works
yeah he's the fan favorite but dr.
Manhattan's really creepy and in an
interesting way he's creepy in the most
interesting possible yeah I don't know
if you ready yeah you know I don't know
what you know about yeah I started to
read about ten years ago and I really
need to get back to it but I don't
really remember that much except that
they're like a team of like retired
superheroes or something something like
that it's it's it's certainly not about
super heroics if anything it's about how
stupid somehow that's they all are
basically yep ineffective useless Oh as
opposed to like Batman style wounded
inner child and or Joker style freaking
lunatic more like they're just silly men
in costumes and you know they really
haven't made much of a difference in the
world
okay yeah it's it's on me perpetually on
my list I have not read it
it's I'm the cluster one if that's what
the question is I'm Karen purchase
fiance this is my fiancee again actually
just wrote yes you don't say I'm
somebody's I wasn't I was waiting for
something to go wrong I was waiting for
a guy on the Skype didn't work or my
headset didn't work you know I don't
wanna say what Karen's gonna be here and
then you know I started streaming up
she's not she's not yeah I didn't want
that to happen so I didn't I didn't say
Karen will be streaming with me so I I
am playing a little March is adorable I
mean look at you you're like should be
obvious
well it's out definitely obvious that
it's Lego something unless you're
looking at it on a really small screen
and you can't see the block is how come
when they walk they don't get stuck to
the floor because that would give fun if
you want really slow how Lego people
have sex to like take off their hair and
stick their head in the back of
somebody's leg or in their foot I've
never wondered a little beat web sex
this thought never even occurred to me
and I wish it I'm still there but it's
there now you and thank you very well
thank you for that
anytime somebody asks what you thought
that watching did you see it yeah I
thought it emphasized the heroics too
much it was it was comfort to everything
the watchman's about like that that
scene in the jail when it's like there's
slow motion kicking people's ass that's
not what the watchman's of lego people
have Chloe yourself well you know those
little round one studded things those
are like those little coins right there
those are actually Lego people eggs
yeah they lay thousands of eggs all the
time then it's really kind of scary but
most of them don't survive wow they're
kind of creepy
they stick their heads in the bottom of
the other in the back of the other ones
legs to have sex and they'll a little
eggs all over the place wherever they go
yeah okay I won't tell dangle people do
it
hey the League of Extraordinary
Gentlemen that's that's that's Alan
Moore - right
hey this is yes none of these movies I
read none of these books but I always
mean - because they all now I don't
think the book has anything that I don't
think he has any minute sounds good and
vaguely I think that they took they took
the premise I think and that's probably
about it well that's probably good news
for Smurfette didn't she get like built
by Gargamel or something very so I think
so I always figured the Smurfs like they
have their debt their houses they like
somehow cooked hooked up to their houses
on the inside and then they just
released spores through their mushroom
houses and that's how they made more
Smurfs so so what you're saying is you
you actually thought about this here at
some point you ever wondered how Smurfs
I produced no I didn't even like I was
thought they were stupid
Oakham cares they they chef there's
snorts in each other's asshole that's
how Snorks reproduce they cook their
Snorks together
well okay but that's something doing it
doesn't you want to think that makes you
feel better so anyway it makes me feel
better yes
so what's it not much I'm playing this
game why in this game for I don't know
some we're gonna be here for eight hours
you can't I'm not just on it and I'm
definitely gonna need pee break you're
not gonna be here for eight hours own
energy drink I rearranged my schedule
for you I took a nap in the afternoon
but I'm off tomorrow
so have you seen this Smurfs mystery
Incorporated at all
ah this is mystery Incorporated you know
watch it it's really funny they just
took it off and well I like it if I
never yes because I think they they I
don't I don't think missed all the they
get into like the their romantic lives
like you know how ya like Velma's newly
jealous of Scooby and the Scoobies
jealous of Velma and Scooby like gets
all pissy when shaggy pays too much of a
too much attention
wait wait wait the romances okay okay
for a second I thought Velma was jealous
well she's just the relationship what if
his relationship with Shay of their
friendship and how much time
shaggy devotes to that relative to their
relationship really something that
happens it's it's just you know and they
make fun out of how the town is like the
most haunted town ever and and and they
the adults in the town or trying to sell
all these ghosts is like tourist
attractions but they're never real and
it's it's just it's good it's much
better than the original which
admittedly was cheesy as heck it's still
cheesy but it's much more self-aware
I will take your what you watch it I'll
have to watch it sometime I'm sure I'll
pretend I love it I'm sure it'll be cute
so it almost got the hots for Shaggy yes
and Daphne has the hots for Fred
no Velma Velma she should have higher
standards Velma is a smart woman and and
she doesn't need to be with some kind of
stoner idiot she's better than a toner
in the show I never feel him
oh yeah horsey is she like soon what can
I say why I don't know that's a pretty
good question
was I ever jealous that rich spend so
much time with Jack no it's great that
Richard you know and and and outside
interests I get a who he relied on me
for a hundred percent of his social
interaction that would be kind of weird
yeah yeah yeah hey Jack is fine everyone
day everyone hates Jack
everyone hates Jack you said everyone
likes jack but you don't keep a lot of
the index player on everything didn't
like me do my job I'm sure there's
somebody out there who hates me too and
whatever else but uh Jack Jake is a nice
man I've never I don't think anybody
picture trick yet you're on you're on
the unattainable
I'm sure there's like like telegin want
you to come to styling he's so
enthralled by you gotta get this is
Scotland Scots ancestry there somewhere
dad was doing that ancestry.com stuff
seems like some some of my scouts people
came over in like the 1760s pretty you
know I don't care at all about ancestry
I like like my descendants were where
they came from I it's kind of
fascinating I'd like to find out
something more interesting than sky land
that that sounds wrong but you know I
was wrong with Scotland but I have
interesting to find out oh you know
you've got ancestors that came over from
the South America in 1312 or something I
don't know but I think another white
girl
well what if you what if you just found
out you had ancestors I wouldn't feel
bad we'll see
