Shadow of Mordor & a Half (Part 1)
July 12, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=giVdkU5jgCg

maybe maybe I mean or will have a
horrible huge disaster much like what
happened last time I tried this dream my
life is a huge disaster yeah oh yeah
well there you go oh it's happening
well that's nice so you know not a total
disaster
hello everybody hello hello everybody
starting the stream on a slightly somber
note as you know I just found out
recently as I was driving home to start
streaming that you wanted I'd I I found
out in the chat before the stream
started yeah yeah now talk about this a
little bit for a stream can you said
well snow it's no Meah motto is that
there's no disrespect
obviously there's longest oh yeah you
know like that was the first thing that
came to mind is you know I heard owatta
died and for a moment I like I my brain
heard miyamoto and you know it so I was
almost like horribly relieved when it
was Iwata but what's his first name
again the president of Nintendo yes the
the man in charge of the Nintendo
Corporation has passed away at a young
age 55 I want to say yep some sort of
cancer like a like an enlarged bile duct
or something yeah yeah something see a
bottle I mean his his glory days are
kind of behind him right I mean he's not
quite the in charge
Oh tour a tour he once was see I mean
Zelda's kind of had passed off as he his
hands on with the Mario games and he
more I mean it seems like these days Mia
motto just wants to design some
weird-ass controller that is either
genius or terrible sometimes both but
but I out of dying I mean I might mean
some huge policy changes from Nintendo
who already have weird policies oh yeah
I know he's he's the man in charge of
Nintendo and this is right I mean this
is a big deal because made the next
president I mean he could do something
crazy like let's get out of the hardware
market let's let's make edgy titles
let's let's have some M rated games this
very good thing some weird new shit yes
I'm not getting sound from the game for
some reason are you guys hearing sound
he was he was also a genius programmer I
was just reading his biography before
the stream started he used to work for
out laboratories as a programmer you
know he was he was a code monkey he
helped make her you know like he didn't
design but he helped like write the code
for Kirby you know like he was he was a
hardware person no sound from the game
okay I don't necessarily know why there
is no sound from the game hold on give
me I'm not hearing sound either which is
very strange
and I'm glad know rich and I shouldn't
be quiet well I mean we shouldn't be
quiet but apparently we are however rich
and I quiet here now I think one of us
is supposed to be quieter than the other
why is that
one of us is supposed to be or are
somebody said I was loud and somebody
else said that turn me up that's first
of all that's how it always works okay
we're gonna I'm looking into why we
can't hear game sound now rich and I
should be turned up a little bit
somebody else saying audio terribly low
jack is quiet
Jack Jack is quiet why do we even bother
testing cuz we do I swear to god we do
yeah we did we did broadcaster records
differently than its streams yeah I
think that's true by the way put audio
to stream oh wait hold on I think I have
the game figured out
okay I think I have the audio figured
out but I still can't hear now you
should be here in game audio but for
some reason I can't hear game audio
which is very strange a cloud now sure
how about now what about now I've turned
me down slightly rich check one two
three
check one two three check one two three
check one two three
check one two three three one two three
check one two three checkin' checkin'
checkin' ma check check them on mic like
chicken or you know Mike chicken Mike
right now Mike chicken right you know
I'm gonna do just for a second here only
because i cant hear game audio and i'm
gonna go ahead and assume that like me
hearing game audio is important oh okay
another mute games room no you should be
able to hear the game now which is fine
mike chicken
you sound great great so now you should
be able to hear me rich and the game all
perfectly tell me someone is a mod or
someone with a pizza or I'll tell me if
you can hear everyone preferably a mod
preferably about that quiet game audio
soft but ok rich soft ok give me a
second here there rich and I are up game
audio up rich and I are up now everyone
is up not even close disgusting testing
test testing can you hear me can you
hear me now
now everything should be great alright
we're gonna do it how are we gonna do it
five dollars and Jack will believe
anything we say it's true you gave us
five dollars that that buys you some
trust with me for the same I died
rich and I up I did I swear here I'll
turn rich in me up even more volume is
fine my life still kind of sucks well
there's not a lot we can do about that
Rach check one two check one two one two
three testing one two three testing
testing great check check
I see fine levels now okay I'm gonna
start playing the shadow of mordor
shuttle Batman shadow of Batman while we
while we talk about you what a dying I
don't know there's much more to say this
is the kind of story where it's it's
gonna mean more in like six to eight
months it does right now yes yes it will
make there will be some big policy
changes I believe or not you know like
he could he could have setup toe the
line I don't know yeah how long have you
been playing this um I have maybe an
hour and a half and not long I just I
just started playing it just to just to
kind of see like if I could play it on
stream I've got like two or three hours
in myself yeah yeah and what do you
thought so far what are your initial
thoughts you know what those are kind of
my initial thoughts
I think spin will tell me the good stuff
comes later with the Nemesis system I
guess you develop rivalries i right now
I hate the Nemesis system only because
I've been dying a lot and so I have a
lot of Nemus I I think I'm gonna I'm
gonna try to continue this story a
little bit more being being used to the
Batman games I do not have
man I died twice mm-hmm I've been dying
a lot just because I think I got a
little overconfident with the Batman
games where like that and especially in
Arkham Knight I was able to take out
anyone yeah but that was with all my bat
gadgets you know at hyper at hyper speed
and now I don't have any gadgets and so
I think I'm just a little too over
confident in my own abilities I can tap
on that rock here's another thing that
really bothers me is I get caught like
look my character gets caught on stuff
all the time and it like stops you from
running
that's very bothersome first time I I
died it was just to see if I could I got
I got beat by one of the captains and
instead of killing me he just like like
laughed and walked away oh really
yeah yeah so I'm like like does that
happen every time you die is that the
death screen just gonna be walking away
mm-hmm
so I let somebody else murder me and
then they actually murdered me okay and
then I died one other time do a bunch of
fucker shooting bows and arrows at me oh
yeah yeah one of the captains that one
of the early captains I got was like a
flaming bow and arrow captain that is
wrecking my world yeah I killed them
eventually and I well and the other
reason I'm dying is because I'm not
doing this story I'm literally just
fucking around
yeah and looking for captain's to fight
so I think that's my problem right there
so I think I'm gonna oh nothing's
happening over here nothing's happening
over oh god damn it how did you even see
me
oh let's see I got into a captain fight
already use your vision
he's your bat easier detective mode yeah
I'm serious
oh I know no I mean listen I know the
detective motors there try to stall that
helps okay I'm gonna die I'm gonna die
already
okay here we go
I got arrows coming at me
well that's where the story that's how
I'm you know before you die oh I'm so
close to beating this captain I really
want to beat this captain oh I gotta go
to low health
no now they called me a piece of sh rock
no I was I retreated yeah oh we're gonna
weigh that go oh no I ever well running
away I ran into another captain get out
of town kid out of motherfuckin town
collect herbs to risk to our health I
know I know how to do it he's got to run
away from the captain's real quick
Jeff how do you feel about Pluto
the images of Pluto yeah you know so far
it's fun it seems pretty exciting it's
most exciting thing in the world jack
I mean responsible no it's not the most
exciting thing in the world we're
getting to see a rock that's very far
away the most exciting thing in the
world is if there would have been like
something very far away we have a thing
there taking pictures right yeah that's
exciting it's fucking amazing you know
it's fine
I just hope that takes pictures of
fucking John - that'd be a big fucking
waste I'm sure they will gosh darn it
one thing I've seen so far those but a
picture of the what rich Shara the moon
Pluto I haven't seen many pictures of
sharper no I died no big deal second
chances yeah I think I upgraded to have
them give me two second chances this is
a part that I don't actually like as I
just want at this point I want to
continue the story but I keep running
into captain's and I just want to
continue the story and I don't want to
deal with the captain's right now but I
keep running into the captain so where's
my where's my stealth vision my
detective vision yep don't forget your
stun huh
don't forget your stun Jack what's done
your stun
let's swim below to the Batcave oh you
know I do forget my stun only because I
don't do the Batcave
yeah it doesn't do the bad solution oh
do you have the the upgrade that lets
you explode fires I do but now there's
only one guy there oh yeah I wasted it
but I can do some stealth kills here
real quick
if I'd like I'd like a group of 15 of
them walking and like a line yeah I just
took them all out one by one five kind
of amazing yeah yeah the I mean they're
orcs so they're dumb which you know it's
fine no they're works jack oh they're
there or akai you're right you're right
not regular orcs their work is much
worse much worse than regular all the
orcs you know I think we have we talked
about like me not really caring about
middle-earth either yeah oh well I think
we in general have talked about it
before just yeah I don't I don't give a
fuck about the settings yep so so to me
right now it's it's definitely a less
exciting Batman game but it's like so
just brown and bland looking yeah yeah
I'm hoping I'm hoping it makes up for
with some cool weapons I haven't seen
any towns or anything yet it all just
seems like it's random orcs running
around this big open brown landscape
yeah and you're brown yeah there's a
Lhasa plus your ghosts Oh spoiler alert
your ghost
spoiler alert you're a ghost okay take
out you and you didn't hear that
obviously so we take a few and then we
hide
you okay I'm being stealthiest shit now
rich because I want to make it to this
objective over here there's like a thing
I really want to get over there
oh man I'm gonna explode some fire let's
check how did you let's get this out of
the way yeah how did you feel about the
Batman vs Superman new trailer right
wow that is gonna be a piece of garbage
well oh no the trailer looks better but
so so now we're by the way we're
reimagining Batman's backstory where he
decides to fight crime because Superman
blew everyone up I don't know no I think
this is Batman coming out of retirement
because there's someone Batman knew blew
up it doesn't look like he's coming out
of retirement it looks like okay it
looks it looks as if it's just like well
I guess I'm gonna be Batman now does he
think so no but I thought they were
saying like here's a new guy who's taken
out criminals and everyone seems to be
really surprised that he's like
brandishing criminals so everyone seems
surprised that he's around oh wait I
wasn't paying attention to what I was
supposed to be doing
Oh use Wraith to identify targets okay
slay the orc captain okay easy peasy
yeah no I mean it looks like the same it
looked the same to me you know it looked
like exactly what I was expecting but
now there's more of it I'm I'm I'm no
more excited I in fact am probably a
little like my mind is more set up now
that I'm pretty sure it's gonna suck no
matter no matter how you slice it
yes versus Superman the movie should be
like like like like a minute right I
mean that Batman should be should really
never pose any threat to Superman
and in the last movie we saw Superman
blow up half the United States other
powerful space aliens with powers like
his own mm-hmm how the fuck is a manner
tense soon supposed to be a threat right
he's not he's not he's not a threat and
the this trailer did reveal that there
is kryptonite in this universe you know
what my favorite part my favorite part
of the trailer is that that made me
really hate it what was the little scene
he has with ma Kent when when she's just
like listen Superman you should save
everyone or don't or whatever I don't
care
like that's exactly what the whole movie
is about no motivation no care no no
strong characters my Kent is like you
should save everyone or you don't have
to cuz the planet doesn't owe you
anything do whatever you want all the
time Superman I had a controversial
statement in the stream before I mean in
the chat before the stream started yeah
I said that between the the Batman vs.
Superman movie and the new Star Wars
mm-hmm I'm really excited to see the new
peanuts reporter it's true I'm the new
peanuts that I am either of those two
films sure I'm with you the new penis
film looks charming yeah and a nostalgic
but but definitely chairman yeah more
charming than anything wanna see if this
Archer moves
I don't want to deal with the archers
well I don't want to deal with archers
well I'm trying to take out the captain
yeah go let's go stare at that wall
Archer oh oh that was a little cheap
like he was turning around and I was
still able to sneak and kill him little
chief but I'll take it I don't care if
it's cheap I'll take it oh crap
I think they found me they're finding my
dead bodies yeah everything I've seen so
far at the comic-con yeah the fucking
most awesome thing is the Ashe versus
the Evil Dead trailer
oh my ideal full confidence in that show
full yes yeah that shows gonna kick ass
that looks exactly like the kind of show
news Ashe versus the evil or not and
it's not that it's ash vs. Evil Dead
okay it's gonna be fucking fantastic
just the greatest I'm so excited for it
yes yes it will be boom slaver done get
out of here I for some reason all of his
guys left him so I just got to fight him
alone it was great Wow yeah so now I can
equip some new shit it works yeah that
was a that was a really clean fight I
felt really good about it okay we got
some ruins
okay great oh but I've already gotten
ruins cuz I've already defeated so many
captains recover all focus and all
health for killing a captain yeah that
sounds like a great ruin you don't you
know what this has the Batman games
don't have what's that beheadings yes
yes the they gotta love to be headaches
the beheadings are great killing a
captain will guarantee
all right okay great wait so what yeah
oh I have some Oh as lots of new ruins
okay
24 percent chance to recover 5% health
on any kills 76 percent chance to
recover full health when to hit streak
reaches 30 that's really nice yeah I
think because my hit streaks can get
pretty up there so I think I'm gonna do
that that seems pretty sick I'm I don't
use the bow and arrow nearly as often as
I should so recover one I'll share after
firing the ball in there okay about that
so much loses the focus depletion right
that's pretty good what I have increased
headshot damage by 25% recover five
points health on headshot kill yeah I
like the increased headshot damage okay
great great everything's great
everything's great yeah so ash vs. Evil
Dead I think everyone was kind of
worried about the tone that they were
gonna take and it's it's gonna be great
it's gonna be beautiful
yeah it's it's comical tons of gore the
only thing I want to know is how do I
get stars I don't know what stars is but
how do I pay I like that as companions
aren't like super beautiful right
because that's what he would do exactly
so super excited about that but like I
don't know what stars is so what you're
telling me is I need to get cable in
order to watch this cuz I'll do it I'll
do if I have to buy cable just watch ash
vs. Evil Dead for however many weeks it
runs I will have cable for that many
weeks in order to watch ash vs. Evil
Dead it looks so fantastic ten episodes
oh hey I'll take ten if we get ten I'll
take ten you've got a guaranteed hit on
your heads
yes stars yeah I don't know what I don't
know what it is it's a paycheck oh so
does that mean start
is like an HBO it's like HBO but
low-rent takes what she's good gets yeah
yeah yeah okay I completed a mission
rich I did it I guess you need to find
some way to support it or else they
don't make more you know right yeah
photo mode is available huh what is
photo mode I don't care I don't care
about taking photos okay so this is nice
now this area is like won by the humans
hurry so is anybody in the chat know if
it's gonna be unlike a streaming Hulu or
Netflix or something oh yeah I'd rather
I'd much rather it be on Hulu if it was
on Hulu I'd watch the shit out of it are
there more orcs over here cuz I'm gonna
kill you I'm gonna kill you are you oh
there are
there are orcs up here oh I'm gonna get
you mine now
no not orcs it work I I know when was
the Evil Dead not low-budget good point
I was ever worried about the budget no
no no you know the the budget affords
them Sam Raimi and I think we were all
worried about that okay
is whether or not Sam Raimi would be
involved at this point he might just do
for fun just to kind of wash the
spider-man out of his mouth oh you know
what I totally forgot about a husband
great and powerful
oh that's Rowan totally forgot I had
that little powerup thingy Oh after you
stun you can like quick drink yeah which
is good cuz I was just about to die
again and now I'm not gonna oh crap
another captain another captain how they
come at the worst times you run into
them more frequently than I do I into
them constantly
luckily oh crap luckily I am uh I think
I defeated all of his henchmen oh no
there's 100 left crap crap
wait I think I get one more okay one
more save
how what what I don't know how he killed
me that time but you got me running away
I gotta run away oh I ran into another
fucking captain while running away from
one captain I I get stuck how are you
not dead right do you think impossible
to die upgrade no I mean I'm just lucky
apparently but now I'm running away for
dear life and everything sucks oh crap
oh and he's a fast one he's a fellow and
he's got me now he caught up to me climb
things he caught up to me it's doing
fine things Jack climbing very human use
your use your your monkey heritage yeah
this is Lord of the Rings mythology so
who knows if we have monkey heritage
here I'm fighting my way out of this
they keep following me so I'm fighting
my way out right and that crazy still
say you should have climbed something he
would catch up to me for your climbing -
yes I am weak thank you for noticing oh
my god I'm now surrounded by Orica how
does this fucking happen
taking my time taking my time I can do
this I'm Batman I'm Batman and I can do
this I'm Batman and I can do this is it
easier to feel like you can kick a bunch
of ass when you're playing as Batman yes
the punching is significantly more
satisfying than than sword swinging the
beheadings are better but you know I
like I know you like Thor
oh I regained my health somehow oh
that's right I got that thing where if I
get enough combos I have a chance to
regain my health that is good let's save
my ass right there
it's retreating jack don't what does it
ask it away no he's already good I mean
he's already gone oh oh fuck am I gonna
die to his henchmen fuck you I'm not
gonna die - you fucking henchmen
your quest for revenge jack fuck it up
oh my god Mauro ruk I get the heck out
of here how do I not run into auric I
for five seconds that's all I want in
the world is just not to run into or
Akaya
I try killing them all but they keep
coming who is worse Andrew Dice Clay or
Bill Cosby well I don't think Andrew
Dice Clay raped anyone is that is the
correct answer to that Andrew Dice que
dice clay may have been a mediocre
comedian and had a stick that wore thin
but I I don't remember him drugging
women and having sex with them while
they were unconscious would you care to
explain yourself that's great okay now
on to more important stuff I need to I
need to not die to random orcs anymore
interested party mission over there
there's new mission over here spirit of
Mordor sauron's
rooks relentlessly abused lesser orcs
and their violent struggles for power
investigate how the power of the Wraith
can exploit these struggles mmm I don't
necessarily care about that
I have attracted the attention of a
mysterious creature track him down and
discover what he knows about you I don't
necessarily care about that either
what's this
I don't know is this
that's the thing on your map I know I
don't know what any of them mean now a
survival challenge do the do they do the
main story one up the top of the map
yeah I think that's uh is that Smeagol
yeah yeah okay all right nothing down
there
that sounds good you know rich that
sounds good
you know what else I miss about this I
miss gliding around yeah yep
I miss gliding around as Batman because
of course I'm not Batman but but I do uh
I I don't
apparently a whole game that's nothing
but the combat portions a Batman gets a
bit wearying yeah yeah but but like I
said I think you know just me personally
I like the punching better then than the
Ford even though like you said I
definitely I definitely agree that the
beheadings more than make up for it and
also like I care about the Batman
universe in general yep
whereas this is like a there's books
like I don't necessarily I'll so wish
that I could like take these little
healing plants and like have them like
carry one with me I think that would be
really cool as I find myself in need of
healing often yeah oh listen I know
that's what I'm saying I want it to be a
little easier
okay I've attracted the attention of a
mysterious creature track him down
that's what I'm gonna do I'm gonna track
him down also uh it was raining and at
nighttime and now during the cutscene
it's daylight but that's not I mean
that's not a big deal fine that's fine a
little a little world breaking button
that's fine
you're a ghost jack you're a ghost well
that's possible
no I'm half ghosts half human those guys
are beating up a human I should probably
rescue him jump down also he sticks he's
like very sticky
get out of here stop hitting humanzees
jerk there thank you you're half a ghost
jack what do you care what they do to
the living because I'm still half human
rich my human half wants to free the
humans and I don't know maybe if I like
free enough of my human half wants to
avenge the death of his wife
no but you know like maybe they'll help
me maybe they'll help me if I ever
rescue enough of them oh I could blow
them up but I probably don't need to so
I'm not going to because if I blow them
up I'm sure that will just attract
attention that's fun well of course it's
fun I also only have one arrow left
because I used the other two arrows to
save that human so it's a fine use of
arrows Jack you know I'm saving humans
rich I mean blowing up the fire would be
a fine use of your arrow oh there's more
humans to save over there but you know
we're tracking Gollum right now so I got
to say fuck it all so this man's
climbing ability just just top notch
better worse than assassin creed guys
climate ability I think it's better like
he's able to scale walls that he should
not be able to I do like this also that
you have to kind of like pick up arrows
from walls you know you have like a very
limited amount of them well you can you
can suck them from the guys you're
fighting okay that's stunning stun some
and hold me and that gives you an arrow
oh cool are you looking for me and I'm
out of here go go you gummy motherfucker
he moves a little gummy oh here we go
I'm gonna try to take out all these guys
boom boom boom for all in stealth let's
see let's see if they're just too dumb
to notice yes the answer is yes oh that
guy might be a captain stealth kill a
capital T badass
oh you can't you cannot still kill a
captain but like someone definitely
should have noticed that these guys must
be scripted because I killed the same
batch of guys okay yeah so he's not a
captain that's fine yep uh yeah they're
a little Bell little boom yeah yeah but
that's fine they're a little dumb but
they also gang up on you so that kind of
like offsets their dumbness dumbness Oh
okay all right all right we're going to
a cat or walk cave
you can stealth kill certain captain's
oh yeah oh oh Jesus Christ
that's what my screen is telling me oh
thank you screen where the fuck oh there
is
today did I lose them I mean obviously I
lost them does this pick up pick up what
is this what's going on what's happening
yes I understand that it's a thing
Oh
a loose story bit
sorry guys I'm paying attention to the
story
you can gain intel on captains and see
their strengths and weaknesses yeah
there's like an interrogate like
interrogate lessers thing but I can't
I also like I can't figure out how to
interrogate them and actually 99% of the
time when you ran into a captain it's
it's not like you're looking for him to
just stumble onto him right and you
don't know what's the fucked one that
was and what was no egg I suppose you
could pause the game and look I don't
know yeah I think that's the idea I want
to actually hunt them down she was like
a marker on the map what she could do
tell you can i maybe I just don't know
what the icon for the most like I said
I've only played it for a couple hours
but I haven't found one on the map
oh sure yeah they're on
Oh oh crap wasting it and wasting it
I had the glowy thing of death doom and
I wasted it sorry you should listen you
know how slow I am in general oh crap I
will say they attack so slow that I
almost every need to use the the counter
button yeah oh my god and apparently I
I'm just I'm being a little garbage
right now and I just died they wanted it
I was just being garbage that was my
fault
I was playing garbage retry 100% Jack
fault okay this time you know I'm gonna
do be a little faster on the arrows oh
and there's like a million arrows here
in countries they must have tracked four
categories here yes I already did that
oh the beasts that's what's killing me
my dad I'm dead already
no oh no what what happened how is that
I'll let you know when I see something
happen I don't I don't know exactly
what's going on but I mean I can tell
you that I'm a little boned also there's
a beast thing here that is not help that
is killing me I might be dead now also I
thought I could jump on these things
why can't I jump on it I dunno there's a
special dodge well yeah there's there's
an ex dodge okay I did it that was
sloppy that was sloppy but I did it yeah
good thing you're half ghost it's kind
of amusing that your objective in this
game is to die what do you mean that
kind of the plot he can't die he wants
to die he can't die cuz he's bonded to
the ghost no I mean some so far yeah I
think he wants to be with his wife oh
sure okay I get it yeah I guess
oh he sees the ghost is that circus the
circus doing voices oh oh Smeagol gets
out of everything by biting hey it works
I know I have abilities to unlock by
pressing right on the d-pad but I was
busy fighting
I was busy fighting everybody and we're
fighting now we're playing the fighting
people game now they're saying the the
chat is saying not circus some other guy
sounds good it sounds like I'm doing a
good impression
this is that ghost guy I could end up
things I've got a ringwraith or
something well he is a he's a Rafe and
we know that already my guess is the
ghost guy is going to be evil and what
he's trying to do is like have us
complete missions so he can have a human
body to like be reborn as and then it'll
be like the final boss will be fighting
him that's what I assume I'm good but I
don't really know oh I don't care about
that okay about that I don't care about
that this is what I want I'm like oh I
can unlock new abilities great way goes
like Ghostbusters lady Ghostbusters look
like a stupid reboot movie that should
not be rebooted
I don't care of the girls I don't care
if they're guys it's not Bill Murray
Harold Ramis for Dan Aykroyd yep those
are the three main ingredients those are
what makes that movie it's three three
all-time great comic actors kind of
talents having the performances of their
life that's what movies and that's why
it works as well as it does it's not
it's not just about the the great
concept of fighting ghosts with science
it's also great performances uh you know
you're right but here's here's what I'm
gonna say I don't want to discount the
movie in general I'm not going to be as
dismissive as you just because I enjoy
Kristen Wiig I think she's funny and I'm
saying I'm I am NOT insulted by the mere
presence of the movie it could be good
but you know I did I don't necessarily
care about it the next same thing to me
is the Robocop remake I don't need to
get rid of it don't know Ernie Hudson
does not get any respect I liked him
well enough in the movie but but I mean
compared to the other guys he's
replaceable you know he was the he was
the everyman in the movie right he was
the one he was the exposition dump sure
but anyway like there's a lot of people
that could have played that role in or
to work just as well
oh sure but I'm saying like that was
kind of his purpose in the movie was to
be not special you know like you're just
the guy that we're gonna talk about so
everyone knows what's going on you know
yeah and it's fine I think he did a fine
job as the character and his whole like
Christianity bit was a was a nice bit of
contrast to the other guys so you know
oh crap on a stick how did you get here
Ramis would be even more difficult to
get the Murray yeah see this is this is
why they shouldn't do another
Ghostbuster so it's not a movie okay I
have to fight a guy with a flaming stick
now and I can't shoot him with my bow
and arrow remake with Jai Courtney would
that be great
I don't know who Jack Courtney's giant
Jill Jill the new pal Reese oh sure yeah
but he's not he's not he's not it no
he's come on come on
at least like here is a comedy movie
that they're recasting with modern
comedians that's in there they're third
they're doing the girl gimmick it's not
it's not feminine power such as this
let's let's draw away the fact that
we're remaking an all-time classic movie
well they're you know what they're doing
so heat maybe will get less heat if the
cast is all women that's what it is
well I think what it really is is we
need to do something different or else
or else you know it's just gonna be
another pointless remake so they should
be applying for trying something
different I cynically think it's a
distraction sure sure it's trying to
avoid comparison because they just hired
three male comedians they don't be
compared unfavorably to the classic sure
sure yeah I'm okay with that like let
him try let him try where do we want to
go there's a giant fucking monster now
now anybody know anybody who says the
idea of remaking ghostbusters is
terrible they get to be labeled a sexist
I mean yeah on the studio's part
oh my god I just I just killed that
slave
sorry slave I did not mean to kill you I
think I just killed you I think I just
killed that slave - I'm sorry I keep
killing guys accidentally I think what
the fuck was that oh okay okay all right
I gotta go track a captain
