Dead Rising aka Farting Around (Part 1)
April 22, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evOCESIExuM

what it's quite possible right now it's
very moment
hello hello yes yes hello hello
everybody hello my baby hello my darling
hello my ragtime yeah
it all begins it all begins
oh but it doesn't all begin he didn't
tweet its hint you can't figure tweeting
out I have a great picture tweet rich is
the WB frog you're right welcome to the
Wednesday stream we finally have dead
rising up and ready to go and Jack you
have never played this game I have you
never played this game I'm a veteran is
this a classic my eyes it is but this is
considered a classic so we're gonna let
Jack play this game okay I like that um
just just for the sake of having fun I
think he's just gonna play with my fully
leveled Frank West level 50 if you want
we could try and figure out how to start
a new profile to start you from scratch
but you think it you think it'll be more
fun I think it'd be more fun just to
fuck around fully level okay it's up to
you what you what you want to do okay
hold on let me tweet first cuz you know
I can multitask
there is no towel or a headset tonight I
am using a microphone the studio jay-j
may or may not be around later yes may
or may not look at this great picture I
have - okay
and tweeting oh there's a frog what
happened oh this is a thing the place
once screams I don't little intro video
that doesn't really relate to anything
okay well then we can watch it sound is
fine great I'm hoping we we again in our
in our wonderful new tradition of being
on top of shit rich and I took some time
this afternoon to gauge our audio to
work on our lag settings so hopefully
you should be hearing both of us fine
yep it's quite possible I also worked on
our lighting oh it's the frog a zombie
frogs and sound like oh that's funny we
did we spent you're getting better thank
you spooky Dookie things are working too
well at first I'm nervous you should be
a sting glow that just means they will
fail spectacularly later that's all
right the audio pre stream was pretty
cool yeah I'm so cool I I ain't don't it
says I can tell by this game and No More
Heroes that rich likes games that are
fun and this is a very true statement is
there someone out there who doesn't is
there someone out there who like doesn't
like
I you know I can't think of the name of
the people who made it but I was gonna
just bring up the people who made the
order but I kidding all over the fucking
names
I just replayed blank I don't remember
anymore and that information has left my
brain already well there you go
oh the other thing I wanted to say is is
Bongo Doug here
oh yes my gagaga Gong Gong Gong Gong
Gong Gong Gong
ba-bang god ugh is he here the bond god
I believe after 10 months jack has
finally worked out all the bugs good
enough for government work
yeah oh no he's not here
well what I'm about a bong bong bong a
dog sent us a care package and he sent
me some beer that looks fantastic he
recommended some beer okay that somehow
made its way to me so here's me opening
the beer what this is a let's see here
urban chestnut Brewing Company urban
chestnut brewing company still IPAs
deliver as zombie is eating a family on
no striker 1 1 2 1 this isn't the first
dead rising which just happens to look
exactly like it
why would somebody see us obviously
playing a game and then ask us well this
like you said this cutscene doesn't have
anything to do with the actual game I
just that's a curious thing to me it's
just curious
yeah I know I know Capcom made this game
I'm just trying to think if we made a
different game
Thanatos 388 III couldn't think of who
made the order yeah and I don't care
anymore
I've already moved on and yes I'm very
excited about Mario Kart DLC on Friday
new maps new characters CC 200 press
third button pressing it did you did you
cut off the cutscene right before dinner
did you do it oh I thought it did end
already oh I wasn't paying attention
either I might have I'm already cold
no more Red Cow mall rat go thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true how could you not see that and
think more radical I that's what your
brain automatically wants to go there
the only reason I know is because he
yelled at me so many times because I
called them all radical but it's mall
rat cool jet oh I did cut it off right
before it ended well sorry people you
know me in cutscenes and I had finally
opened my beer I think he did that just
to be a prick no I just I just that's
how little I pay attention to cutscenes
okay so what do you me to just start to
started 72 70 armor great are you gonna
die I guess anything works too but yeah
okay so then so what has so it's gonna
just start the game new yep okay there's
a opening thing where you fly across the
town and take pictures bang and you can
skip all of that if you want yeah great
let's do that okay hit the start button
write to game rich right Diana I I know
you I know that's what's gonna happen
it'd be a different story if I were
streaming but you were other controls I
can't stop you that's not it's not like
that night worried I muted you every
time the cuts say it started no more how
do I get out of here
start button yeah I have to invert
controls
that's right mom all radical is better
than Billy hecka but it looks like Billy
heck I'm sorry bill so here's here's my
hacker here's the set up for the game or
photojournalist Frank West okay and you
hear about some kind of weird riot
that's going on and some Midwest
American town ah and you hire some guy
to fly you out of this town to see
what's going on and he drops you off on
top of this this mall that's surrounded
by a bunch of supposedly rioting people
huh
and you have you're gonna be there for
three days your helicopter is gonna come
back in three days
okay of course it's gonna turn out the
rioting people are actually zombies and
you're stuck in the zombie filled mall
for three days time of course passes
faster in the game but three days will
go by and your own abundance this is
survive three days and to be I'm mad
helipad at the end of the third day oh
okay you have a watch you can bring up
at any time it's uh I'm a d-pad Oh deep
bed left yeah great time just gonna keep
on ticking all game all right then yeah
Xena trope thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciate it okay Joe
spoilers much rich that's that's premise
that's not spoilers smooth that's
premise they tell you this at the
beginning of the game there's like seven
different endings you can get most of
them are variations on the same thing
there's only a few major divergences
sure
there's not much you can do up here oh I
know I'm just just farting around rich I
understand this is what I'm doing be mad
even to talk with that guy okay okay oh
did I have to talk don't have to know
your head to do anything you can just
fuck around the three days you're only
objective is to be at the helipad at the
end of three days I love that yeah
that's a great premise oh okay whatever
whatever happens from here is all up to
you you can you can partially follow the
story then say fuck it yeah do other
things okay but of course I am also
because to make it more fun for me you
have given me your 100% leveled up
character yeah yeah oh yeah you normally
you start off with a limp and you're
pretty slow and sure you only have
little four blocks of health right this
this guy right here you're using as a
tank right he's a Dead Rising tank I
like that fucking door
like there there's a whole picture leg
you notice you already got one hand on
your camera yeah like you level up by
taking pictures of interesting things if
zombies are eating somebody that's worth
more points than taking a picture of
just a zombie that's standing there oh
sure
so if you see something horrible that's
going on you could take a picture of it
or if you see like like somebody who's
just about to hug their friend they just
met up with a friend who they thought
they lost and you take a picture of that
that's worth like 10,000 points and you
let you level up that way only I'm fully
leveled so you don't have to worry about
any of that shit I'm telling you were a
completely pointless information well no
just for anyone who's playing the game
fresh yeah this is all good information
so far there is nothing oh okay you save
on the cash
these rooms are work people you save em
oh okay yeah this is basically there's
gonna be the the safehouse the safe room
Oh examine I will exempt you started to
cut soon then you're going to skip
anyway this is all pointless
he doesn't know they're zombies yet
right
what oh my god what an ugly looking man
I know deliberately they made this
character kind of a schlub I believe
their thinking was most protagonists are
usually handsome why don't why don't we
go a different direction
okay yeah that's what makes you great
looks like you got hit in the face a
couple times that's exactly what it
looks like the Cameron Mitchell
simulator no those bags were all some of
the costumes I've been locked okay yeah
oh you just you just put on the Mega Man
I know you can do whatever you want you
can go to the clothing stores they've
all just a fun time that's what I that's
what I want to do close the fucking door
it's very important to me to close the
doors
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo the way
you runs what a goof
what a goofball yeah I'm unleveled and
he's got what a wimp you skip the
cutscenes okay I did skip the cutscene
okay are you okay I haven't done
anything yet you know me it's like I'm
not shooting things Everage so not ever
yeah no it's like that's right ABCD
always be closing doors get the white
suit and white top hat all right why are
you skipping
I'm waiting for some nose because some
of them might be short okay if it's a
short cutscene it's like yeah no you
know this game is not I see if a lot of
people's like talking about how the game
looks I don't think it looks that bad
you know a little dated this is like one
of the earliest games that came out on
the 360 sure yeah it's gonna look bad
compared to something that was made
today right right good
oh my god there we go that's that's not
what matters song bees
oh my god lady Madonna puppies at your
teeth wonder how you managed to make
ends meet nice nice
we've had enough of that I understand
that's fine okay to start the game
proper they want you to help build
things in the barricade all the way on
the other end of this map there's pile
of stuff all right grab something and
then the game proper Oh kind of starts
that's a phone yeah do-do-do-do-do
okay so this is the game proper soon as
the zombies get in yeah
everybody once while discussing okay
he does he runs exactly like he has to
be how is that old lady able to push off
these young feet man she's got a safer
dog
leave her to die leave her to die she's
dumb leave her to die
that's right fuck your dog okay I don't
understand why they would reference that
in a capcom game anytime you say get
over here it's a reference okay so now I
need a weapon
yeah you do a barehanded I'm leveled up
I actually got some decent barehanded
booze oh I want a baseball bat okay
ex attack right trigger next to throw
bumpers oh my god
I am super level you are super duper
leveled up nice now can you kill all the
zombies um no more will come spawn at
the other shit right now I think you do
a charge attack at the bat too some
items have different things you do and
there's different moves I have unlock
for like a zombie on the ground you can
like its head off sure sure but I can't
save any of these people no these people
are all fucked okay okay alright so I'm
just trying to get out of here
see you later fuckers paul blart mall
part paul blart mall zombie mmm yes more
personality yeah he did like a real
person
oh oh that urban chestnut beer that's
nice yes this is this is my safe jack is
jack is a rookie yeah rich thought it
would be more fun if I got to play as a
tank yeah I don't know you can skip this
if you want how great got away people
are saying I should start from the
beginning with no unlockables you would
you would dialog I would die a lot I
think people like that do you want to do
you want to do that we could do that I
mean that was a little let's see what's
next let's just see go in the vent go in
the vent that's the way in and out of
the safehouse target yeah
shut up Otis
come in okay I know I thought Bongo Doug
was here tell me when Bongo Doug is here
to let so I can't let him know I'm
drinking some beer that he recommended
to me and certainly did not mail me and
enjoying it quite a bit
murder journalist he's not just a
photographer he's a murder journalist
that's kind of true is it murder for
zombies all the way you're baddest
flashing items only last so long before
they break oh I see a badass flashing in
the corner that means it's weak you can
ignore these people if you want what the
survivor section you're gonna as you can
to squirt them back from the safe house
or you get ignore them and just fuck
around in the ball great
I want to go fuck around in long I'm
gonna go fuck around in a moment you
could you can start hitting you can
actually I think beat him with a
baseball bat if you want this guy yeah I
want us he'll start fighting back sooner
or later but Lana's Gulf time oh excuse
me Jeff then I think you can get it if
you kill him or you can find the
sporting goods store and just grab your
own oh wait he's gonna tell me something
yeah he's gonna ask him he's gonna he's
looking for his wife can't be fine for
why he's gonna join up okay see I know
you're not interested in any of that
nope where I'm going I'm going full jack
I'm going with the flow today I
understand this is the game that you
underst can I be excused me Jeff signor
katana he joined my team or something
read my letter no I don't drink that's
why I'm not for taking
I'll get a Kilson over the Vatican I'm
gonna kill someone with a Vatican then
that guy's gonna follow you were wrong
good
zombies might eat them at some point
great don't if you don't care don't
worry I don't give a fuck about I know
you don't I'm gonna kill zone with
maghen of course you could skip this
good you don't care about the story how
many fucking cutscenes
you're right Acula I didn't even mention
that I was on the roof okay great
it's all stuff you can ignore it because
it made me drop my fucking mannequin I
got a mannequin I'm gonna be some
zombies with it somersault kick
dudududududududu very unwieldy okay you
can pick up the parts and you kind of
kick with it I want to hit song with the
hand area I give you a hand huh
slappers only love it what's in here
books books are some of the books have
different effects like some like if you
find like a hardware book that might
make like tool kind of weapons last
longer
oh sure great health book might make you
know health recovery items work better
that kind of thing I'm happy but the
cash rate is good
there we go
then right sugar will put you in a mode
where you can throw it oh oh there's my
arm I thought I lost it
you see that up at the top that's your
inventory you can switch between those
items Oh smaller things you can store
obviously the whole mannequin you can't
you can't put that in your inventory fun
how was that you Jeff you dick you dick
don't hit me with your shit Jeff get out
here you fucking it oh that's it you're
dead
you're fucking dead yes this is the
original Dead Rising with the fun
protagonist where's my arm did I lose my
fucking arm it might broke demon yeah
you know where the rest of the mattock
is Oh Jeff you dick there's different
button combos to control a buzz it well
I because I've gotten a lot of the moves
on lock it's like a movie you can just
represent fun
I need another weapon going strong I'm
gonna start Jeff don't you fucking
follow me anymore let's see what I got
here I have more bookstores oyster
oyster
sighs - cash register obviously rat
Saucer as far as subscribers we don't
have it up and running now but we have
something where we're gonna be able to
save people who subscribed and announced
them later visitor one thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it it's
true we do but for now we're just kind
of hoping we don't miss them in the chat
yeah yeah we we got a new piece of
software possibly uh that will possibly
help us out we we don't have it up and
running yet unfortunately oh yeah I want
more stores Jeff knock it off with your
shit Jeff where's the hardware store
that's what I meant
Oh sporting goods store oh you don't
need a door bowling ball of course you
can roll it
I would always assume you can roll the
fucking window let's see what else do I
want to hit people with the skateboard
you can ride the skateboard you can ride
this yeah okay hold on I want a baseball
bat and I want to ride a skateboard you
can also change your clothes I think
you've probably put on like some sports
stuff how do I ride the skateboard um
like that you're doing a bad job
what oh my god I alley flipped kick okay
Sami yeah my baseball bat back I like
baseball bats they're good solid weapon
yeah except for when you miss
I just hope Jeff dies I'm just gonna
leave him kind of beyond today yeah
that's fine
let's see yeah good solid weapon the
baseball you know it's surprisingly
effective what even grab diamonds out of
a diamond store just a handful some
diamonds really oh that's really funny
what's in here this is the diamond star
no my gems yeah
see what happens let's see what happens
apparently I take a picture area that
should not work that well
well I'm fully leveled oh sure I'm
inside you know I'm kind of crazy right
now yeah yeah it's a little crazy all
right
like a hold around you had to be
barehanded I forget but if you hold down
X yeah cuz I this it's the final upgrade
you can you can walk like a zombie and
blend in you had to hold on X for a
while though
sure you might have to have nothing in
your hands first otherwise scholar a
baseball bat yeah
there we go Oh oh yeah okay
oh there's also a hidden katana somebody
a champion just provided me up on top of
numbers awnings
oh okay outside of the shop so if you
want a sword yeah I want to serve it go
through the Ford there's a fork oh wait
I don't know where your kids clothes you
can't you totally can okay how do I do
that
there we go there we go there we go
y'all I'll go to the toy store
now we're gonna do some downstairs
Spencer's excuse me those you're right -
right yeah it's a big break the window
going okay know what there's a weird
thing you can put on your head I said
weird thing I can put on my head oh this
one uh yeah I think those are the
versions you can put on the zombies
heads you can put that the zombies head
there's also one you can wear like a
mask in there somewhere
we're gonna get me some orange juice
this is dumb I kind of love it
frisbees water guns yeah what I don't
know what I was expecting
I'll tell you I don't know what I was
expecting there's things in here that
aren't useful they're just fun yeah I
already Jeff yep
okay okay going upstairs we're gonna get
you some orange juice some orange juice
you need help you're getting oh my god
yeah I really am
I've been a tank you know yeah so it's
like not Karen okay where's the answers
this is why I didn't want you to start
out fresh Wow I know I know exactly
right in here go straight ahead in that
yeah and yeah you could store some and
drink some IV definitely drink some and
I'd bring more with you you can store
them so grab like four or five maybe
that's on it yep it's kind of stuck I'll
find this way eventually and now I
forget what warning it is one of the
awnings outside here like if you jump
down there's an awning it with a sword
on it maneuver the camera
I think it's on that on it yeah that
Jeff oh my god let's go fuck some shit
up ms there fall damage okay I haven't
yet actually cut them in half I mean
that's great that's great that's great
now I need a better outfit this outfits
pretty good
okay let's see here I'm sure there's
plenty of clothing stores the doors want
to swing the doors right oh yeah Oh
nightstick that's nice yeah nice sticks
not a terrible okay
you want to get into those balls I guess
we would have a pretty long way around
but there is a hardware store that's got
a big chainsaw yeah that's what we need
right because just like level one yeah
Jeff Jeff you dick okay has a knife yeah
he just dropped it
I'm understanding how this game works
okay it's funky I could see that I can
see this being a very fun
get off me dick excuse you dick
I act I have other issues with the game
but the second one does have a nice
weapon combo systems you can like
MacGyver certain items together yeah
yeah I remember hearing about that this
K this one doesn't have it oh sorry
that's all I mean that's okay
I don't blame you okay where do I go to
the hardware store you want it a movie
Peter furnace it's not too much to see
in the movie dude we just need that they
have that's not what I wanted to do with
it
I was hoping I could push it you can't
you can you can push it or pick it up if
you put it down you can probably get
behind it behind get for the ground
level first also you're just gonna fall
where you go straight forward and go
outside and leave other areas
yeah it's good other areas let's see
what's good yeah let's go to easier Park
I hope you can wear thought back I'm
sure there is
Ozzy because he left Jeff behind you
don't care obviously right he's gonna
slowly die oh great
we see his help on the top that corner
that's gonna dwindle but who cares
but yes Jeff was a prick somewhere on
the ground around here I know this is
scythe oh all right I think it's over
them damas pass I think us brothers park
benches oh oh yeah there's something
over there shut up Jeff I don't care
about you use the phone go away sick
wilderness that's a fun weapon bad
that's oh oh oh I use those use the hold
that hold it down hold X down you can
take the legs off but we can take the
rats off
yay oh not for me dick one of those um B
grabs you yeah push the stick in their
direction rapidly twice and you might
want to answer the phone just some shut
let's shut up yeah after you take this
call oh I paused it get on it yeah wait
for the call I'm sorry I gotta take this
stupid call fuck this game but this area
there's big doors that lead to other
areas in the mall okay
this wonder you're straightening
basically straight ahead and there's one
a little bit to your right okay
I think there's a hard worse erection after the one of the right
all right okay let's go to unknown right then
there's a couple hardware stores just
take the call and finish it I did
already
stupid calls get out but get off the thing get off my thing get off my thing
Jay: Walk into the room, I just hear you yelling, get off my thing.
Rich: Or you can kick a soccer ball.
Jack: I don't wanna kick a soccer ball. I got a site.
say you you save the same rules I
believe that'll saving you're entering
Jack: Shut up.
Rich: Oh, there's cars in the parking area.
Jack: Ooh, fun.
Jay: What is this game?
Rich: Dead Rising.
Jay: Is it a zombie game?
RIch: It's a sandbox zombie game, where you're in this mall and you can basically do whatever the fuck you want. Like those clothes, he put those on in a children's clothing store.
Jack: Also you might want to, uh, position your...
Jay: Oh...
Jack: Yeah. It's off right now. I will turn it on for you.
Jay: Eh.
Jack: Uh, hold on.
Jay: I don't care.
Jack: Pau-, well, you know.
Jay: Oh, my god.
Jack: I can, I can think of a couple of people that might care.
Jay: No one cares.
Jack: People want to hear what you have to say.
Rich: Oh, and they've been clamoring for you. It was, we broke their heart when you weren't here, when the stream started. Everyone was, where's Jay? Is Jay gonna show up? Oh, Jay's not here? Jay, Jay, Jay...Jay?
Jay: Why does everyone care so much?
Rich: They like you.
Jay: Okay.
Rich: Oh, they just wanna ask you when the next Best of the Worst is.
Jack: Oh...tomorrow!
Rich: That's all they want.
Jay: Anyone else in the room could've answered that. It's tomorrow.
Jack: Everyone knows the answer to that. We have joking answers.
much they like you okay
oh they just want to ask you one the
next most of the worst is wow that's
tomorrow that's all they wanted anyone
else in the room could have answered
that it's tomorrow
everyone knows the answer to that we
have joking answers about so just Jay
care about the Star Wars trilogy yeah I
think I'm actively looking forward to it
at this point
really I'm not like super excited I
don't think I ever will be again with
smartest but it looks good nice like
there it looks like they're introducing
new characters and it's not just gonna
be hey to remember this oh I didn't
think they were gonna do this star of
Lincoln High I knew they were gonna
start but I thought it I mean there's at
least from the trailer it looks to be a
good balance of old and new that doesn't
hard where store off to the rights oh
good good so there's no goal with this
game you're just there is but you can
freely ignore it okay so it's like Grand
Theft Auto then yep
are you and you're the only human no
right to your right that big soil yeah
get out of here you dick I think this
one has a sauce yay
don't get dope cake jump kick so yeah I
mean basically this you're all you're
doing is waiting for that helicopter
yeah
the you're in this mall for three days
you're a photojournalist and you go to
the port on what you think is a riot
okay and it turns out the riot is
actually zombies so the helicopter that
dropped you off on this roof in the mall
is gonna come back in three days but on
that your only real object is justify of
three days there's more more story based
things you can do to try and figure out
why there are zombies around oh who
cares yeah all right ride this lawnmower
get out of this right there on the
ground there's some chainsaw sir
yeah I don't want that I want the long
right you made it work for a second I
gotta pay yourself that's not it at all
you can even you like rush forward with
the purse all open oxide used on all the
auger can you pick it up from the side
and pull it gentle I'm not working other
boats forward that's all right oh do I
have to write triggers right the other
stick :
all right try other bunch oh I need more
ensues I need more juice
Oh am I gonna die you're close to it and
get some orange juice running away or
juice gives you trouble drink yeah
drink drink another one all right all
right
back to it where's my fucking sword
chains off she's run into people yes a
little bit fuck you I'm just running
into people
this is the place to be I always go to
the hardware store absolutely rubbish
okay let me clear out some say now if
you got like the hardware book that
changed somewhat last like three times
oh yeah okay okay oh fucking hell
fucking hell any more sticks new which
no no maybe seven I don't know
well it looks great earlier mm I need a
better weapon I need a better weapon
turn around Turin better weapons it I've
gotta find the fucking order you'll love
it fucking lawn mower work use them use
the major attack and double them oh I'm
on a shovel let's hear the shuttle does
I'll be like shovel knight okay I'm
gonna die orange juice
I'm trapped
shovel can you pick up the lawn more
from the side and use it like yeah
that's the gist of dumbest I think a
thing that would be a handgun Andy okay
profit they're pretty useless again
service sure you can aim it aim enough
you can aim it and you actually can't
aim it in get headshots oh yeah
there's a classic zombies headshots they
shut down bank or hit him with a shovel
Bank pickaxe would be for oh thank that
one just bit me in the dick
don't bite my dick sledge hammer slut in
life a slut 100 right away somewhere in
the back of the store there's the
fucking don't go to the backward jack
see you're right I know it's in here and
it's fun it really is okay pops Adam
yeah BOTS a big machine that you can
carry around and pill zombies but you're
probably gonna die probably gonna might
I really want to find food somewhere
else in the mall it's prably not much
food they have another orange juice okay
I'm just gonna look I'm just gonna grab
some more weapons really quick and we'll
go look for stuff okay about pickaxe oh
you can have an inventory it's not just
like yeah earring you can carry around
smaller things you can't like store the
lawnmower oh sure
Oh Clippers dream what I think that
happens in dental eye - doesn't it I
take hedge trimmers and I think I want
to say someone shoves it through their
mouth and then like cuts them from the
inside out yeah that's right because in
the someone else shoves a garden gnome
into the stump
haha there's like a faucet spigot - you
can jam it in their forehead and like
blocks there's all kinds of great things
you can do in this game that's great I
need more food take me to food take me
to food right should be some way around
get out of here so this were to come out
right when zombies were starting to eat
we're starting to get popular yeah mm
yeah this was part of dawn of the Dead
remake was 2004 and that's what kind of
that and 28 days later kind of kicked it
off this was this would have added to
the over saturation of zombies if you
keep following this path I think you're
gonna run to the grocery store all right
monk this was not a oh oh no no that
someone
oh that you know what I was doing I was
trying to blood-borne roll you can oh
yeah you can climb up on those
scaffoldings to skateboard tricks okay
skateboard tricks at some point there's
a motorcycle skateboard tricks oh that
guy can blow CDs around I bought one CD
in the lab they're laid to store this is
where I wanna be
well that's convenient
oh you mean it's not one to hit kill
okay some weapons are somewhat than done
right here gonna die oh my god whoa
what did I just do you just jumped at
the camera where's um this big sore
sword on that that back wall no no
that's your gonna know straight on that
it's in that little thing on the right
do you write nothing oh no no not that
wall not the big wall right there right
there oh my god
yeah that works pretty well
think you can grab multiple ones of this
let's do that okay left yeah big door
there you go oh I don't need to break it
I can just go yeah we might want to save
at some point unless you don't mind just
starting from the top I mean we haven't
done anything I know just we'd have to
kiss skip a bunch of more cutscene right
exactly
great okay okay okay yep yeah jump on
the way or something
Oh God how do I eat the stuff grab it on
the shelf
and eat eat eat cookies cookies keep
eating until you get fat there's some
Milka on that bad boy which like the
orange juice eels for for the snacks on
they do water yeah that's okay that gave
me something that gave me some wiggle
room right there leave somewhere these
swords nope oh no man you're good I'm
trying to kill him with yogurt oh no I
lost my sword
great thanks it's to encourage you to
just grab whatever is nearby oh okay
okay okay we need something better than
snacks milk or orange juice or meat well
there's meat but meat if you I think
after a while meat goes bad
oh sure there are a lot of zombies in
here what what oh I keep forgetting of
that I need to like change back to my
weapon
okay we need orange juice orange juice
French bread why you beat the zombies
with French bread I don't remember ever
doing it but I wouldn't put it past them
just bludgeon him with a baguette no oh
I bet ahead with the milk
don't ever give your milk was worth it
nope not this weapon not this weapon
hold it down and this is long sweet Oh
works dude fuck fucking fuck get off my
dick
rich is this game difficult or is Jack
just bad at it oh there we go yes looks
like gonna be frustrating
okay here yeah okay now I want to go
back to that sword store no I need more
milk any more milk to be fair I don't
think this is a particularly easy
section of the mall well this there's so
many yeah oh my god and you can't clear
them out that's this yeah the the
upsetting thing for me is that you can't
why is that upset because I want to
clear them out I want to like and then
the game's boring yeah I want to defeat
the level and then you know just reap
the rewards okay there we go I got some
I got a couple things in milk now you're
asking for the game to be boy oh you
know I'm asking for something that the
game it's not anti-tank nope nope how
did I not die I'm up to that climb up
the shelf you can climb yes you'll climb
up things what I get smoked nope okay
get out of here nope no my drink
stop you're gonna milk sinner man says
rich gave jack oh no cinerender will
said that something else said that I
said that nonetheless thing right okay I
just the way the things going rich game
jacket Inc and Jack drives him like a
gold phone yep I don't know what's going
on on this sword again that sort of was
awesome it magically came back got more
than one if you like it read more than
one can you yeah it goes in your
inventory that's not realistic you're
now out of things to store your full
that's my but you got a shitload a swore
I have all these sword that sorta was
the best weapon because it could swing
really fast and did lots of damage and
now I can go back and like fill up the
rest of my slots with milk if you can
find oh it's night okay there's not me
to get more difficult no and Jesus of
course they do
okay my sword I don't remember if you
have to do the first story mission to
unlock the the other section small do
you always have that camera yeah cuz
your photos photojournalist temperature
picture taking is an aspect of this game
wow you find a survivor and like the
zombies start eating them yeah you can
take pictures and get like points you
get points for violence you get points
for pictures being sexy you know all the
normal zombie thing oh yeah
no survivors that are sexy it's not all
zombies Oh humans
I'm here from milk like if you move the
camera and take a picture of the the FBI
ladies cleavage yeah you know aim the
camera downer the top I'll get like
points for that and that's that you love
a lot but just I'm so there's no point
to using it right now just need milk
okay I have milk and its tenth fours
so now we can fuck shit up and who the
fuck keeps calling me
Otis he annoys everybody fuck you Otis
get off my shit are we wrong about um
what do you wonder how onek all the
zombies falling off the scaffolding oh
go down go down that area section with
stores look at this thing what is that
what not moving forward
I don't know if you can really hear it
right now Jay but there is there is
music playing in the ball is there let's
be really faint like it I can hum it do
you think that would help dead under
done done okay pour beer it might not be
playing in that section I don't know
there is there is definitely music no I
hear it here yeah
pause it different areas might have
different music - yeah what is that
urban chestnut Brewing Company is this a
prereq subscriber this is a prereq
subscriber he's also a patreon hoarder
oh yeah see son he sent a bottle of wine
as well thank you very much Bongo
ba-bong Oh Doug oh maybe Bongo Bonga God
Oh God Doug well whatever your name is
thank you
we very much appreciate it okay slice
okay okay what's in here Oh a bouncy
house can I go about this can you stab
it and delete it no sorry
we think of these things everything else
you see that one zombie was carrying
around an arm no no yeah
see what's the humor clothes I want I
want a different clothes I've been
wearing little boy clothes for a while
go go the pawn shop
well not that was close put on what a
dress yes they put on a dress let's see
whose shoes of a lifetime sure no
zombies in there they don't care they
don't care about shoes there you go oh
this looks like a nice outfit oh it's a
oh come on I want to wear the outfit
he's gonna train the trainer maybe let's
got me something we should probably
close the fucking door
my close the door was it matter have you
guys considered playing the last of us
we've considered it and we've rejected
the notion we're not we're not worried
we knew can we apparently all so we can
no longer talk about that game as it
reeks of controversy I can't wait don't
try that one try the other that's that
hanger and that one too yeah the one oh
wow that's like a hanger store what
about those move tables anything on
those tables there's gotta be something
you can wear on there I mean I'd be sure
he's a point of the store if you
couldn't hangers probably you can grab
hangers oh there you go
the close icon there you go
does he make a sexy little face dance
well you know what we need to do now
find some sensible shoes that was weird
boots
oh great boots boots boots boots boots
boots boots shoes shoes shoes shoes
she's rich yeah how do i thing I don't
know it just might not be anything in
the store well you know that's a useless
fucking store nothing's in my size get
to like sit on the couch no okay all
right everyone we need different shoes
these shoes do not match this dress oh
whoa how did I do
I found the jump oh there's a dodge they
don't actually come in handy you get
five figure out into that you didn't
double first on hey I think
I didn't I have no idea how I did that I
don't think I touched anything rocket
get on that thing yeah how do I go
nothing um you can get your innards I
think it's on the other side there's a
stir leading up to that big blue thing
in the room Oh dick shoes shoes shoes
shoes shoes shoes huh yeah well because
the shoes I have on do not go with my
outfit that looks like a pretty dress
why are there just guns laying
everywhere uh cops Oh better okay switch
back to the one you were wearing last
night oh my god stop dancing he's into
it no I like this red dress okay red red
red dress ring is it that pink is just
like that
you know we'll talk about daredevil
later well oh yeah full spoiler Laden
thing we're we're gonna end the stream
with a full daredevil spoiler fest
because rich and I really want to talk
about it and we know people probably
haven't stay together yes have you both
watched the entire series yeah
