Dead Rising aka Farting Around (Part 2)
April 22, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-7AKT6Lr2OQ

Dick's okay I got all these swords I
kind of want some more swords I don't
see any shoes put the shops meats and
shoe shops can I get me shoes is that a
thing bitch what shoes I know you can
wear your shoes I want my shoes
let's go up here with all these zombies
maybe they know where the sales are my
last sword you're injured
did you know we're not allowed to know
that's that's why we can't talk about it
anymore
zombie cops hey zombie cops shoes here's
here's enough here's the thing yeah I
hate console chores hate them I hate
anything shooting with a gamepad huh
there's like one major exception with
vanquish and yours is kind of okay let's
go there's a zombie in the way he's
blocking it
there you go yeah how do I not have milk
is that all you have left that's all I
have left how do I like unequip the milk
the rocketeers relate to say on equipped
amount never mind I figure like why do
you care about us playing the last of us
so much why is it even important rich
the last time we talked about this there
was a hundred comment reddit thread
talking about a weapon oh my god there's
so many zombies the thing that what
people were upset with was our us being
dismissive of it mhm
even though it looks like something we
wouldn't we wouldn't necessarily not
enjoy but because we were dismissive of
it people people didn't like that war
thee shootin no these are purses purse
you think yeah one doesn't go with that
dress check well that does not match at
all no it doesn't match but you know
what maybe like it's the same no I can't
take that you know like it's very
striking doing the the the blueness of
the purse really makes a dress stand out
good thing you're not a lady
no I would not be a very coordinated
lady cuz we have to give it a shot we
have to try every game that ever comes
out even though that would cost hundreds
of thousands of dollars you can't make
an informed decision based on gameplay
trailers and everything you can't you
have to play everything ever oh my god
she's biting my dick again your dick
which this is there are more important
things like zombies biting my dick
you can run out of stamina like do I
need to rest is that what that is yeah
you look at you're out of breath usually
when you get lower at health I think you
do that no I think I'm fine I have milk
milk there we go get my purse back all
right oh my god so many zombies pardon
me
you'd walk along their heads but they're
so long for that if I could climb up and
stay up there I love it I love it
anymore thwarts to do our duty to do
hittin Bebo with my no Jedi I told Jack
to fight a psychopath but I think the
only one he can oh there's one other he
could find but that's kind of he would
just die instantly the psychopath is
that like a super zombie well the boss
fights are zombies the boss fights are
people who've lost their mind during the
zombie race
okay like right now if you go to the gun
store the owner is gonna be freaked out
and you're shooting but if you killed
him free guns yay shotguns you just pick
up load up on shotguns but he's hard to
kill oh yeah and I can tell you where he
is but you would die hahahaha
that's probably true then there's a
story-based fight like you follow the
arrow then tell you the story
missionaries there is a guy you can
fight I'd show him Adam but I don't
think Adam is available to see you look
cleaver stop must dick zombies why do
the ladies go for my dick I think oh you
can shave your head in here you see that
clothe them in the back corner Oh
that'll be like me yeah
nice okay I'll take it no thanks okay I
got all right all right all right I'm
loaded up on katanas again where do we
go now
well do you want to see the shotgun
going yeah I was gonna show you this all
right you're gonna die
well sure you want to let's find a safe
go on the I think it's safe in the food
store
well the grocery store okay we're saving
bad news you're gonna find it
I should practice some milk too actually
don't know there's not same in here
there's a safe in that big area you came
from go out here cuz we're gonna save
them no it's that's smart fine I'll save
it a smart fuck no all right straighten
up yes straight like a head go into that
that area with a big the big inflatable
thing you wanted to pop oh I need to get
back there okay I just I get some more
milk
you can't I'm like in this Kitana
it means Japanese sword you know sky
dandy thank you for subscribing we've
really appreciated it's true many a map
it'll show you or this too but you see
it's like oh you can go in there have
washrooms night I think it's right in
there yeah oh great I think you can save
in the men's or the spicen you know we
are wearing a dress so I think and I
doubt there's anyone in there that you
can embarrass so
oh thanks that Oh what happened oh the
lights go off yeah spooky but you're
safe right yeah okay okay and I we're in
here someplace maybe try it I don't
remember nothing
answer the phone rooms just so he stops
I'm sorry I tried you got it yeah you
gotta face the cold he'll do the whole
call again okay great yeah you go do
that
okay I'll go get some milk and then
we'll go fight the shotgun guy tonight
the lights go off no ooki you guys im so
spooked Rayna I'm like super spoon can
you get a feel for how fast time moves
in the games three days ago what is this
those are like pictures that's a
survivalist that's big that's probably
in my photo oh my camera
does that game actually came out before
camera phones big but that's get us
saved in my digital camera rich takes
pictures of the ladies
grocery store that's a bonus thing to
get for sale is a sexy picture she she
does she poses a lot and get a lot of
points taking pictures of her doing sexy
poses miss thanks
stock up on Ford's I am doing that right
now okay first thing we want to do is
get rid of our purse we don't need our
purse and we don't need the cleaver
Khatami should you like the maybe once
you know the katanas are nice the
katanas are a little faster yeah but uh
you know what why not have both sure cuz
we can here let's drink this milk and
we'll get three of those guys now get
four milks sword sword sword sword sword
Thord it helps if you say that shocking
going well I won't milk first Oh rich
are you like it again yeah it's fun IIIi
think this is not a game I would play
for a long time because the you know
clearing a level is that is something
that's very important to me in games
well you're supposed to rescue people
and take these calls right and that's
the challenge part of this I mean you're
kind of just goofing off which is fine
oh sure but like but I mean you're not
really playing the game bro right I'm
gonna grab the challenging aspects of it
no and I'm not I'm not being harsh on it
I'm just saying like
okay you could jump up there
Oh fun yeah oh no no and like the same
goes by the way for Grand Theft Auto mmm
like Grand Theft Auto is not a game that
I could play for a long time at a
stretch because there was just too much
fat and about you know not saying it's
bad thing just not necessarily my face
so many of the chat is saying Dead
Rising 2 is better Dead Rising 2 is
nerfed you have all the time in the
world to do everything and there's none
of the challenge to it know that like I
love this game because you're not
supposed to do everything in one run you
can if you're exceedingly good you're
not really supposed to do you want want
to fight strong a guy over I don't know
if the other things available yet yeah
that's a second guy okay other end of
this kind of kind of by where the
hardware store was oh yeah take his call
that might be for the other just take
for fuckin if I take its call I can
I might slice out it might lead to
something fun oh if I take his call
though I can't fight zombies
zombie zombie The Rocketeer
I am never trying the last of us because
you keep inviting me about I am never
ever going to play it and it's
specifically because of you I never
played it when it first came out because
every trailer it looked like a fairly
dull game that might have the most
sophisticated schmaltzy story attached
to it I don't care it looks like a game
that doesn't know if it's a shooter or
still don't care I just don't care
the game didn't make me care and I don't
I'm never gonna play stop asking
JP shut up for another rich Evans is
being negative 300 common thread on
reddit I don't care if that's all
they're complaining about then I don't
care that's not all I complain about but
that was that was the that was the
impetus of it yes I've already
apologized to everybody on a previous
room for sarcastic things I've said I
actually I have done that but this guy's
kind of being a jerk
weird owner and I don't care if I offend
him oh uh straightforward that way where
you're looking
keep following this wall around mr.
little little fall wait we can go down
keep going I'm almost out of swords
exactly where this little while sleep
where's the sword rich don't just run
past them and pass them keep there's
gonna be like tear right there's going
to be some kind of hallway and it might
be right I think it's right around that
dumpster yeah there is
oh oh I see okay
so this is a crazy guy in here look I
like how I'm still my dress and shaved
head well that's what you did you got
closer I'm sure I'm sure I died
is it just because he's aggressive with
shooting or what yeah charge them and
I'm gonna have to get better at jumping
out of the way you can flee at any time
by the way I say we said you can kind of
take cover behind those maybe you just
running straight cutter you're done well
suppose it's nothing that's not how you
do other bums move the stick and hit the
button Cletus to shot the shit out of
you
Cletus goddamn it commit seein 120 we
did get the copy of Demon Souls yes
thank you very much we just got it today
I can't Jack is super excited I do I
want to play that well uh we should we
should probably play it on stream that
was that's an early game from the people
who made blood-borne I'm looking at it
right now it was the best game of 2009
that was 15 years ago no no
no that's not how that's not how time
works Oh
drop that oh no I want to milk milk
drink milk
why fucking so he stops he's gonna keep
cuz for everything he wants to call but
he's gonna keep calling unto you - how
can I call the space rider rollercoaster
is going out of control
wait should I go see what's check it out
ok I think that's this way I know that's
this way any stairs dude - oh it's out
it is out of control that's crate busy
how do we fix that I don't know okay
stairs are behind you all the stores are
behind you Oh
yep you're right you're right where all
the zombies go there here is sleeping or
maybe because it's a UH maybe because
it's like a mission they they findout
the zombie so I could be the mission
does that what happened rich do they fit
out the Sun every day obviously did the
might they fed out the zombies so you
can do the mission here's the thing
here's the thing I found a thing it came
out twelve years ago I'm sorry what what
what all right this is freaky shit
I too all its everyone who's listening
I'm watching in shock and horror mouth
of Gabe and Rich's smile Oh actually but
that's a good theory the rides going
crazy so the zombies are gone okay I
don't want to stop it mr. clown you're
right let's keep it let's keep it going
forever mr. clown when I still don't
know oh you think you would have thought
that would have killed him when he
guards he might break your weapons so be
careful by him holding his gaga I really
want to figure out how to dodge roll
right double tapping the different
bubbles I forget what's one of the
stairs difficulty you have to be facing
a direction where you doing took your
cages you standing still all right I'd
be
Jesus ah
no none of these none of these things
work oh my god he throws knives at me to
drink it oh you drink it all because
remember I saved oh my god wow sounds
gonna kill you I mean that's very likely
oh that seems looking this thing Oh
oh my god you have to double click down
on the stock a wild movie I don't think
it's a double click on my feet one click
or a double tap I think it's a double
tap
that ball is very ah will explode and
stun you yep if you have a gun you can
shoot it while he's blowing it up he
will be stunned but you don't have a gun
but unless you grab one of the ones the
cops drop
oh you're gonna you need to find I think
there's some snacks behind the counter
in the books long yeah bookstores the
other way I like the fake prodigy music
right you're the firestarter wait kid
firestarter open the box
Jesus nope there's juice in the box
fuck this is fucked what if I'm milk and
try that again okay okay I'm with it I I
can do I can do this we need milk we
Ford the milk there's like I think
there's like stock music that you guys
use all the time that's like the fake
Prodigy's song oh there's a like a like
a iMovie
yeah golden yeah he's in a while we've
started to use less of the odd the
cheapo iMovie music finally you go to
the grocery store yeah yeah
I like that zombie that's chasing you
okay you know what it is classic classic
zombie thorn Oh mister forward toward
the word you know how the best zombie is
as far as like posture ER and like the
way they walk his fly boy at the end of
Dawn of the Dead when he turns into the
zombie the elevator doors open he's got
like the gun angling hanging off his VP
and oh I can't I can't picture it yes
the best posture huh
oh I do I haven't oh that's right
no I see you drop the first drink the
milk
drop the knife that swords almost dead
so I can drop that sword and get a new
thorn toddler says he drags his foot the
entire time J yeah he's got one foot
that's dragon he's got the gimpy hand
with the fingers or the going to barely
hanging on his fingers it's perfect
he's the perfect zombie oh well there
you go
I have seen Donovan ed listen we've all
seen Dawn of the Dead it's just been a
while it's been it's been long enough
where I can't remember how a specific
zombie acts it's been long enough we
have to qualify which one we're talking
about right the real one the only yeah
dead actually decent it's it's fine it's
it's a decent action movie it's whore of
an action movie than any supporter
there's no depth to it
doesn't have the heart of the original
movie but there's an action movie it's
fine zombies
this is coming out just full okay two
more swords now Jay you did you give up
on walking dead or do you still watch
Walking Dead I know I now watch Walking
Dead but please don't spoil uh cuz one
of these days I'm just gonna have like
well no I've gone past the first season
either but I'm wondering like I'm
starting to think about getting back and
do it and trying to watch it you should
it does get better the second and almost
the entirety of the second season is a
god office long yeah that's what I've
heard and I I was getting bored by the
end of the first see yeah so if you mean
make it through the second season the
third season is awesome and then and and
then it's good that it's just
consistently yes and I never made but
the best zombie movie in recent years
yeah yes the pilot it's really good yeah
I was so excited cuz I watched it and I
was like holy shit this is a TV series
like this is gonna be on weekly yep and
then by the end of the first season I
was so bored yep
it gets so much better once super
excited to see Michael Rooker show up
but then he's only in like one episode
I guess he comes back comes back he
should be the lead I don't care about
that guy you should Rick Grimes great
Rick just
scheisse Mel wants to know J what did
you think of the Tom Savini remake of
Night of the Living Dead oh it's okay
that's all I got
so bad why is it the Tom Savini remake
and not the George Romero we made
directed directed it did he I thought
that was at the primer did it no he
wrote it Oh
directed it I'm just wrong yeah yeah
it's okay
it's you know they cut out all the gore
it got censored horribly by the MPAA
I like Tony Todd nut I know I can't
stand the term Return of the Living Dead
yeah but the punk-rock zombies they knew
these amazing to watch it again oh my
god a long time subsea oh I remember
being annoyed by Briggs that's the movie
that started that though No Return of
the Living Dead is amazing you have to
watch it as a comedy of course zombies
always used to freak me out I think the
most horrific concept I could think of
movies oh sure and walking corpses Karen
always likes to tease me about that by
saying Briggs no it was entirely
different pieces from the shock yeah
exactly
that was doesn't count she will totally
belittle me thinking zombies are kind of
freaky the other concept is create if
you have oversaturate to the point where
people don't even like to think about
sure what it actually is anymore but no
the idea of zombies is horrifying I
think basically instantly does it
doesn't it did I know I was but he's
sorry knives it worked
oh fuck you connect see in 128 store hey
J I just saw the 1976 assault on
precinct precinct 13 and holy shit
is it amazing yes it is I actually saw
that for the first time last year I was
one of the only carpenter movies I'd
never seen pick up the factory blu-ray
yeah it's really really high I haven't
seen it what's the premise it's it's
it's kind of it's like Rio Bravo meets
Night of the Living Dead
there aren't zombies in it but there's
people trapped in this old police
station that's been closed down and it's
just like this this gang of punks
outside that arataura I think I'm trying
to get out so it's like a siege movie
basically it's really really good it's
great cattle the story you dick Oh
Rising Sun says rich did you play Red
Dead Redemption undead nightmare if so
what did you think
I think undead nightmare might be the
best zombie game of her life oh whoa
huge huge open world Wild West Lumbees
okay he's got a very zombie movie filled
with me and then it's just so desolate
and depressing oh yeah yeah
you're so lucky you're probably what my
tank yes
oh I would be so very good this is why I
wanted to do that ha ha ha and I
appreciate not my orange juice that
won't help me so why is Jay there we go
oh I got him because I'm playing with
the level of tank oh god he's still
laughing oh that's beautiful
god bless this game for thinking of that
and so then so then so you can pick up
his chainsaw now fuck yeah I think that
will always spawn there also you can
stop the ride and you can save a guy I
know you don't care about rescuing him
but he does unlock a handy shortcut okay
if you manage to save him
but just a guy on a ride I was on this
ride when the zombies attacked
he's pretty fun at first rich which
open-world game do you like the best
i I think grand theft auto san andreas
is still the best one ever made GTA 5
might might technically be as big I
don't think it feels as big though I
mean those three cities
everything's podunk towns so does Greg
follow me now yeah okay yeah oh Jesus
Christ
Table one where he wants to go he'll
take you to one of the best shrimp
that's like we're getting around you
might want to avoid going outside wait
am i following hammer is he following me
okay okay what I will I see yeah I'm
coming oh sorry I sliced you oh did you
see what was that that thing that's an
PPE over son yeah
that stands for prestige points that
means he's doing like a gesture to you
okay and if you take a picture one
that's going on you get a lot of points
it's a drama because he sees way to come
this way he's doing a thing oh I get you
high let's go
that's cool
but I'm what I'm imagining right now is
whoever the writer of this game is on a
computer or maybe you would say you know
maybe a pen and paper we don't now wrote
down then the clown with - chainsaw
falls down I can saws and his guts spew
everywhere and it's totally awesome and
he laughs yeah talk to him you just
caught him you could but your blade is
right on it now on that that corner you
like there's like a ceiling tile you can
crawl up in it takes you to the area you
start off at oh I see okay
so just walk into the corner and there
should be an option to take the shortcut
oh my god sorry great egg somewhere
around there Greg I'm told you might
want to save to while you can okay also
you see that that backup for bread that
just turned yellow yeah yeah that's
that's one of the main story missions I
know you you're gonna ignore it you can
but I said times starting to run out
that's why it turned yellow uh I'm with
you yeah back up for Wadden for Brad
turn down for what
yeah what dude dude dude Jack are you
familiar with deadmau5 yeah I've never
listened to deadmau5 until yesterday
shut up I'm a Pandora yeah I like it
yeah it's not the kind of thing I would
think they would like but it's it's
great music to listen to in the
background one color grading space cop
agreed it's it's you know I find dubstep
in general to be very good mindless
music yes
also why aren't you using the chainsaw
you just got because it's fantastic
I did I did it's the best weapon in the
game all great get going on the won't be
the corner for the sick can I go pick up
more chainsaws I can change clothes
should be that Corner's enough can you
talk to me why is there not opening up I
want to go see if I can pick up more
chainsaws if you leave the area and come
back
did I leave about what my saving did I
do that you have to yep they'd get to a
loading screen oh maybe I doubt it I'm
some phone
says do you think open-world games
shouldn't come with us with solid
storytelling instead this is just what
you have fun doing anything no reason
the candy bowl like this I think then
rising as a solid enough story but as
you can see jack is ignoring it yeah
he's having a blast it's almost as if
the game likes to let the players choose
what kind of experience they're gonna
have which is what a good game should do
because both rich and I are very
different game yeah and that I love just
farting around obviously if I were
actually playing the game I would want
to follow the story just so I could
complete objectives and whatnot because
I do like that kind of stuff but uh I
would not follow it as closely as rich
would yeah see that clown by the way was
totally right like all these zombies are
back now yeah but you didn't rescue the
person that stuck on the ride I suppose
and there were some bloody dolls who
find that were children Oh God
yeah but he but he did keep the zombies
away wasn't gonna chainsaw there yeah I
got it okay I'm gonna go back and get
another one
you can also find the books that make
the chainsaw last longer I think there
might be one find the books that's not
that's the first that is not a bookstore
huh
find the books that make the chainsaw
last no find the books that make up
chains I'll learn
Belmont says because you guys like oh
okay oh sorry I in the face I just
thought you're dudes they are dudes sure
its neck because you got like horror
movies I'm wondering what you think of
the phantasm series and did you know
they were making a new sequel oh yeah I
like the phantasm movies the only one I
really really like is the second one but
I like the the kind of surreal nature of
them
I love the balls that fly around with
the spike things yeah well everybody
does that's why they made them a bigger
part of the second movie yeah no they
have this coin dreamlike quality I like
angus scrimm is a tall man it's got good
elements the third and fourth wonder
kind of cheap and I saw the trailer for
the fifth one and it looks really cheap
so those purple icons are the books you
can grab one of them is like criminology
into the game oh my god oh my god this
is not a one of them one of them
skateboarding that's not what you want
that'll make the skateboard last longer
if you want to play with the skateboard
somewhere though oh my god what is the
chugga-chugga-chugga no I don't know
probably fine once we can load a new
area does it follow that that pink icon
I'm going to eat some mappers gonna dig
the net ball get done the boat oh I have
orange juice I don't need these fucking
apples the deep banana boat method can I
drop this but I already read this on
Gemma can I drop it now yeah that's only
useful for saving those two Japanese
tourists because they don't speak
English these guys right here
yep there you a criminology you know the
one that you hacked in the face now you
see in your inventory yeah little pink
book icon next those are the items that
the book help makes last longer right
okay okay so your swords will last
longer and your chainsaw the last longer
because you have the the criminal book
you have to keep that your inventory
though oh oh okay that's good to know
but everything's gonna last twice as
long that is affected by that book I'm
gonna get more thorns if you Chicka
Chicka
there's too many zombies and then
there's like another there's another
like hardware book yeah that will make
the chainsaw last even longer this is
this is not OBS everybody who's watching
the game chub right now this is the
actual Xbox that we are playing on
chugga chugga chugga chugga chugga choo
choo fractal Packard says previously
recorded live is currently me well how
does one most viewed channel on twitch
which I find a shocking look like we're
number 101 of course like the number one
most viewed channel probably has like
like 700
thousand people watching League of
Legends what's the number one streaming
channel streaming right now League of
Legends is my guess
also get on the boat
I mean that's great that's great we did
it everybody we did it we made it 200
101 now in my heart though we're 99 oh
thanks Jay done and done
banana boat banana song you never heard
the banana and get it done dev boat no
wonder we're only a hundred and one
you've never heard the Banana Boat song
who doesn't it's I think it's I think
it's a commercial for banana boat Sun
screen I don't know it's not a song it's
a jingle it's a song that's just a song
for a commercial get on a boat someone
find the YouTube video I guarantee they
don't sing it like that you know the
boat banana boat get on your bitch it's
waiting for you Jack do you care at all
about the new Star Wars Battlefront game
oh did you hear I heard there I know
they're making one my saw trailer right
no no no no hear at all because the
multiplayer focus Star Wars game I I
really enjoyed the battlefront games I
thought they were really cool yeah you
know you get to play in battles from the
Star Wars universe that's really fun you
get to G be a bunch of different classes
you could play as the the rebels or the
Empire's very strong single-player
component it's I mean though the
original one version was only
single-player and then the Call of Duty
for Star Wars no they were well kind of
that's what like battlefront 2 and stuff
was or maybe for PC i had it for ps2 so
i have to imagine this with the new ones
gonna be here's here's the other thing
big news came out about
a new one it's being made by EA and dice
so already a Star Wars from games
license right so there we go
James oh okay Sears here's the thing
when it comes to Sorrows I'm more of a
truckie right I don't get super hyped
about the Star Wars stuff no and I think
we always the occasional thing I love
fire I love to shit on night games but
in general yeah it's fine and all of us
have always said like the movie is our
what we care about like we don't care
about the expanded universe at all you
know yeah the three movies that there
are cuz there are only three Star Wars
movies possibly a fourth one coming
possibly a four forcibly oh yeah yeah
we'll see now I'm just gonna fuck around
for one side so here's the thing about
the battlefront games EA announced that
it is that battlefront games are going
to be multiplayer online only which is
fine for me because I like multiplayer
online on the shooters and it's only
shipping with four playable planets
which is basically them just saying a
heads up there will be microtransactions
in DLC coming right away yeah all the
all the game footage they shut off is in
game engine only so like we have no idea
what its gonna look like
basically it's probably gonna be a
crappy game filled with
microtransactions or it might even so
when you say only four planets does that
mean like eventually they'll be expanded
but is this like are they trying to do
this to rush it out before the movie
no no they're the the big thing oh no
you Tanaka not you Tanaka no Jay you
Tanaka so a big thing a big way games
are making money now is
microtransactions oh oh did you hear
that which I was coming to Wisconsin I
did hear it was also his birthday
recently Wow he's 70 that fucking guy is
definitely somebody good Dilys 95 that's
true
might be race he'll he'll look like he's
57 will be Olivia look at gray in his
hair any case all it means is that the
game will be ready and then possibly on
launch day there will be dlc to buy more
- okay in a waiting game everybody's
excited to play the game and then they
just buy all sorts of shit well they're
playing the game yeah oh oh I love the
game I won't play new Maps
yeah and back back in the good days of
gaming you would get all the maps right
from the start
okay but now you'll pay full price for
the game and then have to pay extra for
content that Omega should have shipped
that should have shipped with again I'm
gonna go in the pool that doesn't sound
like a good deal
nope Thanatos 3 and it says rich this is
why people calling you stupid know about
a game before judging it why do people
get mad when I just don't care about the
things that they want what I just don't
hit that it's not that you don't care it
you make lots of speculations with no
information you've already been proven
wrong about the first was that start
worst game you're just talking about
battlefront no front the first one yeah
battlefront had a single-player
component so a strong one though or just
you to play some of these bad
today I going on I mean you could play
all of the maps in single-player only I
think I only play Star Wars Battlefront
single-player oh it's still like it's
still a shooter you know with the
controller which I know you don't shoot
her with a controller in a universe I
don't look right I'm not hyped about it
right you can love it that's fine you
don't the call be stupid because I'm not
interested that's not that's the real
thing is is which is just not interested
and basically maybe the moral of the
story rich is if you're not interested
just be again that's kind of what I did
yeah
a little more I don't know it's it's a
tricky thing I don't know if I
understand it what do I know you can't
go outside
oh yeah just like a park area and it's a
rather large park area in the middle of
the mall but oh my god I mean Sophie was
over here Sophie yeah I want to save a
Sophie
this is what is this BC boy says so
early 2000s in Pima yeah but it's on the
PC I don't care about Star Wars I don't
want to see The Hoff battle again in a
game yeah but you get to do the hospital
I really Oh hold hands
oh where am I supposed agree the safe
house
where's the safe house I'm walking it's
in one of these doors been paying any
attention to you see what I did a
reference to location and more I'm not
holding your hand anymore lady means
shot at mugger if you can kill those
guys in the Jeep you get that guy my gun
what you can't jump on the you know
Wayne has a drive-by
get the drivers than the other deities
stationary Oh also don't get hit by the
car okay you know what that's fair
that's fair I shouldn't guessing Oh also
don't kill so well pluck Sophie I want
that Gatling that Gatling gun is way
more important than Sophie Oh dick
where'd you go
dick
all right in the water huh so he's like
come back so if he's like uh weren't you
protecting me and my bitch there's a
Gatling gun over there you know what I
need some juice I want to drink my juice
Oh didn't help oh it's a better way to
do this can you just run flee nope oh
somehow don't die just get the fuck out
of there I killed one of them if you can
get out find a car you might be able to
ram them until they die pretty good
that's pretty good get a car yep there's
a parking garage somewhere in that open
area look again oh my god yeah I'm sorry
I was owned for a second eyes owned for
one exactly one second was a strikes a
Sophie's Choice and Jack chose the
Gatling gun yeah would anyone that
between a girl and a Gatling gun I think
it's it's clear it's clear 100% clear
all time Gatling because the Gatling gun
means you can save more ladies later if
you think about it and you run into lots
of ladies in life and rarely encounter
Gatling guns you know what Jay speaks
truth
it's me and you two all right
do-do-do-do-do-do I don't care about you
guys I just want this book so Jen you
saying that I judge that game without
knowing much about it right have you
never done that with a movie are you
gonna tell me you've never done that
with any movie um I'm not gonna say I
don't do it with movies but I I will you
I will not say I'm not gonna see this
movie because it's this I will say that
movie doesn't look like something I'm
interested in I've heard the discussions
where we're gonna do such a--such in
half in the bag because it's probably
gonna be horrible and we'll be able to
rip it apart yes but we Harvey no no I
yes but I'm not gonna say like I'm not
going to see that movie because I know
it's this well that's the difference
I'll say this movie looks hilarious Lee
bad let's go see it I think there you
still might a judgement about something
that sure I made a judgement I've said
it looks like this but you tend to be
more along the lines of I don't want to
play that because it's this this this
does it looks like this that's nice I
think I think there is a small
difference in games versus movies where
games are a bigger time investment yes
true with with a movie whether it's bad
or expensive yeah whether whether movies
bad or good you you got an hour and a
half maybe two hours right a game you're
talking you're talking 20 40 hours for a
good news oh sure yeah that's 60 bucks
that's 60 bucks oh my god how do I do
that
I forgot how I did it all right so I
think there is a little bit of a
difference you know the devil I'm just
devil's advocating here
not advocate that came out wrong you're
advocating the devil I understand what
you're trying to say yes my game
devil movies you know think how many
movies is the devil oh my god how many
who's out a devil and the devil's things
devil's advocate that's what I was
thinking about with Al Pacino over
acting up a storm it's great when does
al pacino not make me a movie in which
he tones it down I think that's his
shtick haven't seen it along sounds I
don't think he's overacting and Dog Day
Afternoon I think he's just acting but I
have to rewatch it I haven't seen in a
long time like when he's screaming
Attica Attica well he's just he's
yelling he's not like overacting I have
to re-watch it though I could beer
I haven't seen oh my god I don't know I
got a really good movie but I haven't
seen it right everyone watches it when
they start getting into film so many
yeah I know she introduced me to Straw
Dogs we watched it on like Christmas Eve
when I wasn't uncomfortable experience
yeah great movie I watching it with my
hand
yep
alright let's see what I think I don't
want to I can't go outside because those
assholes are outside Oh dance oh all
right yeah oh my god what happened oh
you found one of my special moves I have
unlocked oh my god
you're you're behind the zombie you can
do that which buttons it is there's a
there's a menu I'll tell you what moves
you can do nice it's nice so anyway back
to 9/11 I don't know I think to get to
get back on the conversation that I
derailed with zombies down judging
things right yeah
is it is it okay to have like tastes but
not not like good taste bad days but
like you know there are certain lose
games on ones I don't much care for and
going in I'll know that I want much care
for right and that's how you make
decisions on some things that you know
yeah and so I get I get you there I get
rich with there and so then the question
is how the quote I guess the question is
how should rich
I don't know I don't know if I hope you
Tanaka oh you guys already
you killed him twice Jack you want them
to die twice now
kill them twice felt so nice no I I'd
like a resolution to the riches negative
conversation I feel like we didn't
resolve it well I sliced some bees out
that's nice background fart oh I can't
go here that zombie has a knife well
yeah maybe use a survivor with a knife
nice didn't do no good knife didn't do
him no good what do I want to go you can
do whatever you want I suppose you
haven't been to the the other section of
the mall good um this way go back to the
fun ride and go out the other end of the
fun ride oh yeah Jesus oh no that's a
book that's a book wanna meet it with
the book no idea oh fuck No
chainsaw there we go that's what I mean
I was trying to get the chainsaw but
pick the book up oh my god sweet sweet
ramps okay okay yeah here's the grocery
store in the night store it's perfect
for knives you can pick up anything you
want I think I think you're sticking
heavily I know they're they're effective
that's the kind of game I am no there's
fun to throw too why do that when you
get a chainsaw what do you see the limbs
or the head just pop do you guys hear
about the Galaxy Quest TV series I have
not all I heard is that there was
possibly going to be one I don't know if
anyone can imagine anyone involved with
the movies coming back I doubt it I
think he's on a show now is it I think
he has another show like when they say
they're gonna do a series are they
talking about doing like the fictional
series as a real series oh my god that
would be kind of rain maybe think I
can't see how you do it otherwise maybe
Tony Joe who's Tony Shalhoub 'he's not
doing much monk yeah it'd be kind of
funny if they did a series that was done
in the style of like an old yeah like
the Galaxy Quest you seen the movie the
TV show version let be kind of fun yeah
a gimmick might wear off pretty quick
though yeah yeah what if they did it
legit like to
Jim that reminds me I was flipping
through Netflix there's a show I don't
know where it aired what it's from but
it was a TV show called Vanilla Ice goes
Amish I'm sorry one and it's a real
thing
Vanilla Ice goes Amish yeah you're right
not outside we're just here yeah down
there I didn't watch it but I saw that
it exists as in Vanilla Ice goes to an
Amish farm
I'm assuming it's him yeah I getting
involved with the Amish community and
being Amish I don't know but it's a real
thing
that exists vanilla ice turns Amish
really fucking really oh yeah I would
look at me like that too he looked at me
as like me wearing a dress man you have
seen daredevil no
