Audio "Shanked" my Turtles Stream (Part 2)
June 7, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3IurVNOZrfM

all the time no I'm just gonna keep
playing the fucking game I don't give a
shit okay I don't give a shit you know
how about this we just we'll just don't
scream and just play the game in we farm
so you're saying the problem is the chat
the problem the problem restraint is
trying to scream this is it you know the
chats not the problem it's just us
trying to stream this chats great
everything's great everything's great
all the time
oh that does sound noticeably better
well good
yeah that sounds so much better Wow
okay so shank what we're playing tonight
yep
why not watch it hey shanks great we we
are a big fan of clay yep clay - ank
they do mark of the ninja which is a
great game very they they do invisible
ink they helped out with crypt of the
necrodancer yep they make fine games the
people over in Kuwait I'm gonna die yay
I'm totally gonna die is this a no
different no not anymore I haven't died
yet anyway
so it's still not a no death row great
so so Chang super fun yeah you play a
little bit you you had me playing for a
while I forget oh yeah they that's right
they also did don't starve which I have
not played yet but looks looks fun do it
you guys should play don't starve
together oh yeah that's right they've
just had like a multiplayer expansion
for down starve all don't starve
together so yes that's a great idea for
a multiplayer game I will add it to the
list I don't know if you know this which
but I've started an official list yeah
time I have an official written down
list of games and we should play on the
stream it's right it's right next to my
spreadsheet of shirts that I wear on
best of the worst well hold on we know
let me write this down don't starve
together which is uh what's what would
you say this genre of don't starve
together is I've never played don't
start actually a channel what would you
say this genre of don't starve is that's
what I do in my list I write down the
game at the genre the system is on and
whether or not we own it that's who
that's my that's my Google Docs
spreadsheet of games the official games
to play spreadsheet
roguelike servo survived
don't forget demon souls demon souls is
already a little dim
okay brutal doing great so finalized
okay great steamed so little bit yep
I don't I don't starve nope I don't shit
your pants no definitely I think we can
do that okay great
I've added don't starve together to the
official list
to be official but that's great good for
you that's a good thing oh yeah
sometimes I mean sometimes I do big
things like write down less the bankers
those are good
Metal Gear Rising I don't want to play
in that on your game twitchplayspokemon
I'm sorry they're not my thing
wait rising those differences Verizon is
a fast-paced action game where you run
around with a sword
okay and I'll be rising
oh yes and I also have dungeon of the
endless on the list I know we got gifted
that recently and it's already on the
list because I know we should play it I
would like it
Metal Gear Rising and just put it on the
list because you could be mostly because
we've run around with the Thor I mean by
the same people who did vanquish it's
like vanquish for the sword oh yeah oh
well then I'm you know why don't you
just got me interested that how's that
for you that's that's acceptable it's
moderately acceptable great that's great
I think I'll take better photo
I just yawned that's terrible I'm fine
though portal 2 is on the list of course
of course portal 2 is on the list
we have a ton of those like multiplayer
games that we will so that we always
like talked about wanting to play in
straightly like you know what work
together and trim and it just never it
never happens because the list is
already too long where we're we just
can't kids everything but do we have a
list anyway right it's not something I
think about much who's speaking of I did
just today just earlier this afternoon I
was playing a little splatoon rich good
it's interesting very interest not good
i I don't know yet I only got a couple
hours I got a couple hours in and I love
the idea so far you know cuz it would be
the thing wistful tune is it's a
third-person shooter and instead of
shooting I mean you do shoot enemies you
shoot other players but the main goal of
the game is to cover as much territory
of the map in your ink as possible
and I love that but like I don't it also
has this thing where you have to play a
certain amount to buy new weapons and
buy new gear no no well that's not
standard multiplayer bullshit that's
standard Call of Duty bullshit yeah and
I haven't been so I haven't been playing
along enough to like have fun with
different weapons or with different
loadouts but so far just the like I
played four matches online
and loved it okay and I can't wait to
get more weapons but I I can only
imagine that like there will be a sort
of tedious element where it's like I'll
be playing stuff just to get money just
to get new weapons like a grinding
element to it can we afford it we you as
a business expense
yes we have enough in the budget to
afford away you as a business expense
suite we have other people join us like
that's super fun yeah but it's it's
interesting so far and it controls a
little like ass
I haven't fine-tuned the controls yet
they have two options for the controls
one is you know just standard shooter
with the joysticks right and the other
is you do fine-tune aiming with motion
controls yeah and of course that works a
lot better yeah
these are fine-tuned this motion control
because you can really aim if you're
holding up the thing but there's some
fatigue involved oh you have to can you
use a Wii motor do you have to use the
pet I've only used the pad so far but
you can use I bet you could use a weevil
that would work really well
oh you're right maybe I should give that
a try I should give that a try
how about moving and turning not like
human but mine actually turning around
you turn slower well then that's the
thing is is using the so here's how it
worked with the gamepad is you turn the
still with the right joystick but then
like just fine-tune aiming was with
motion controls and there is an
adjustment slider you know a sensitivity
slider and I didn't get a chance to play
around with that too much they're like
fine tune right aim but so so far I'm
interested so far I do not regret the
purchase is what I will say okay okay
that's my official endorsement so far is
so far at four hours and I do not regret
the purchase we'll see overall Gatling
gun but it's very interesting it's like
but here's the other thing is so far my
matches have been wildly different you
know like you start out it's levels
right and you start off at local AMA
and my first match had some level ones
as some level eights had some level
flowers yeah and three out of my first
four matches I was top ranked on my team
at level one really so I'm not sure how
they do matchmaking me out
which is interesting gobbledygook sign
I'm not shilling I'm giving you my first
impressions of the split you're only
shilling if you get paid to do it right
make injection Tendo I'll tell you that
oh sure
no and and this is not like I'm not
officially endorsing it I'm just saying
so far I'm feeling okay about my
purchase when a reviewer enjoy something
that's not shilling even though I guess
it's not an actual review it's just oh
this is not an official review it's just
how I feel like it like I said hopefully
everyone understands like how you feel
four hours into a game is not
necessarily how you feel can only handle
and understand extreme impressions
extreme opinions
you're right subtlety is dead you're
absolutely right you're absolutely right
listen I'm not I'm not I'm gonna be
playing some more because I wanna I want
to get into it I want to learn the maps
need the most fun thing so far is the
movement system if anyone remembers the
the trailer or knows anything about
splatoon you have two forms you have
your walking form with your gun and then
you have your squid form
yeah and in your team's colored ink you
can move faster in your squid form and
you also hide from your opponents when
you're in squid form in your own ink and
so there is this really fun like
movement mechanic where you're in squid
form you pop out you shoot a little bit
you go back into squid form it's very
it's very interesting
so we'll see if it holds up we'll see if
it holds my adventure her for anything
longer than four hours
this is brainless yet fun action you
know I'm just yeah I'm just hitting
buttons and he's whipping out like a
chainsaw that's great
switch into a shotgun is why the fuck
not
what are you guys talking about it's
gonna that's someone in a chance to talk
about stuff they always do
they always do
right telegin wants to know about our
favorite pilot episode do you have a
memorable favorite pilot episode of a TV
show Mockingbird Lane it didn't get
picked up but basically Bryan Singer
rebooted the Munsters okay name is Bryan
Singer directed it and what's the guy
the guy who did like me think he wrote
it
dead like me
Bryan Fuller thanks oh okay
that a Munsters reboot yeah basically
you use something very different taking
the characters they went dark with it oh
sure
the thing I will I will add to this is I
know everyone has varying feelings on
the entire series but I submit to you
that the pilot episode of Lost is
fantastic is some of the most fantastic
television
I remember now the rest of the series
obviously I have your opinions on that
but the pilot episode is wonderful
gripping well-written
established characters I don't know
where that it's it's great I think I
think the pilot episode of Lost is
phenomenal I've never seen it
oh you I mean I recommend just watching
that because you know the rest of this
guys don't want a bunch of questions
with no answers the reason the reason I
didn't watch it is cuz everyone's
talking about that first season and I'm
like yeah they got no idea what the fuck
they're doing don't want anything to do
with that they didn't I just said that's
heartbreak in five years is what that is
it was fine
I I thought it was fine because you know
the basically the issue that people have
is they set up all of these questions
and then over the years decided not to
care about the answers to those
questions but instead care about the
characters and so the ending was just
all about the characters finding closure
not necessarily about all of the
questions they set up yeah yeah and so
on
oh that's better that you're you know
what you're right stick stick lords the
pilot episode for The Walking Dead
oh yeah that's the best timing will be
ever made that's the that's the best
zombie movie in recent years absolutely
that's a great pilot
yes I want defend I have defended lost
before this is not a new thing me
defending once settled on everybody just
do a little bit of settling down so oh
yeah mr. trash man oh of course I got
the DLC for from Mario Kart 200cc new
maps and characters new carts of course
something I was thinking about as far as
the new Mario Kart DLC we got another
episode on map and I don't know if you
ever played I'm looking up what it's
called now I want to say was called like
f-zero maybe GX was it is that what it
was that's here of GX yes
f-zero GX for the Gamecube was this
really great racing game
underappreciated in my and modern times
you know zero basically all of the stuff
they do in Mario Kart where it's like
anti-gravity riding yeah that's they did
it in f-zero GX and it's super great and
we had two f-zero cards now in the new
and Mario Kart and all it does is make
me want a new f-zero game because
they're just they're just hectic races
are great
I'm not entering hipster mode I'm always
in hipster Moeller get it together dude
first apparently because I said f-zero
GX was great I'm a hipster because I
call well maybe because I called it
underappreciated but no one talks about
it anymore I have zero GX was fantastic
there's a good racing game if you like
racing games I have no strong opinions
on the matter there you go
biscuit updates he's around why would he
need updates fine no he's fine biscuits
great all the time the it's getting a
little warmer and so he's not digging
that shame down sure he's basically the
only update on biscuit is he's been
spending a lot more time in the basement
where it's cooler and then like when I
when I come home he'll like come up the
stairs and you know at me and then go
right back downstairs so
I guess I can't even believe that f-zero
GX is obscured it's a good game someone
in the chat was saying you know Jack
like something obscure chat calls him a
hipster and he's close to a shot come on
but I didn't know his obscure if I'd
check it out it's a great racing game
yeah FZ was fairly big Nintendo friend I
guess
he didn't grow up with a Super Nintendo
you might not think so yeah maybe f-zero
is just some weird thing people now sure
mecha P that could when will our LM we
do a reality show probably never
probably never wasn't there was just
there's just a really great article
about the death of reality TV really
yeah both Netflix and Amazon streaming
have canceled deals with major reality
television producers because nobody
watches them through through Netflix and
Amazon so you know obviously they don't
want to pay to to host them interesting
which is just a and of course you know
so many people are getting rid of cable
and getting rid of the super channels so
it's it's signaling an end to the
reality TV era which is fantastic as far
as I'm concerned because it's nothing
but garbage television yeah
I'm very excited about that oh shit ah
fuck first F oh wow this far in that's
great
I chased pretty great I'm amazing you're
you know what you are counting the Ninja
Turtles game this is my first death of
the night would get that Ninja Turtles
game won't figure it out somehow you
said that game is kind of notoriously
buggy though yeah yeah I mean it was
released as a budget game I'm just never
supposed to be a big fancy right
well it was $20 new sure but you would
expect that it like the audio report yes
that's just a normal thing it was made
with love but not skilled no I think
that's that's the reason that's a
horrible thing to say it's a true thing
to say
sure sure it's still a horrible thing to
say
have I ever played the classic poor
player Ninja Turtle arcade game yes it's
about masher and you die a lot it's not
really about skill it's about getting a
game as many quarters as it wants there
there are probably those people who did
not grow up turtles in time is better
than the classic original oh yeah
turtles in time is great I can be like
you if I have a decent partner I can be
turtles in time in 20-30 minutes
fun event fling pony I want to say
that's my best time - 27 minutes turtle
since I'm on the Super Nintendo but yeah
like maybe if people didn't grow up like
around arcades there are so many of
those games brawlers oh yeah like every
single franchise had its own brawler and
most of them were terrible most of them
were quarter suckers
was it Turtles or wasn't one was I'm
trying to think of one Simpsons was out
okay Turtles was a big one obviously
Simpsons was was the turtle sucker oven
it was the Simpsons was the quarter
sucker of note as far as I'm concerned
just because it ate up all my quarters
x-men x-men had an arcade
if that was a big one final flight of
course maybe final fight was the first
one yeah final fight was out for his
final fight was great I loved final
fight that Long's final fight it was
great it was and I say it was only I
only say it was great because of
nostalgia because I pardon me you know
playing as the burly Mayor loud it
I did i exploited an apology's doll for
my aweful sneeze I did try to get as far
away from my microphone as possible not
far enough
oh hey rich yeah you play in these
sports games not really I watched some
sports but I don't really play any
sports games yeah pretty much I don't
care about sports games I don't I also
just don't care about sports MLB power
pros in the Nintendo Wii is the only
sports game I've ever spent any
considerable amount of time with okay
which is just a fun kind of cartoony
baseball game I remember putting a lot
of time into mutant league football yeah
which I'm still I'm still looking for a
decently priced copy of that because I
remember it being amazing and it was
like a football game but with what
zombies and monsters in the shit yeah
great as the name would suggest yeah
Wednesday oh by the way Wednesday I have
not announced this yet I'm gonna
announce it on Monday but I a heads up
for Wednesday stream we are doing a
earlier euro friendly stream on
Wednesday what do we play I want to play
by the way it's not one of the A or the
decisions for if Jack was gonna take
over I was quickly rebooting into my
window side of my computer I was either
going to play Witcher 3 or Fallout New
Vegas yeah
and my thought was new bankís before
Wednesday yeah just start up a game you
and I'll play it and and we'll do a like
start at like 3:00 3:30 new Vegas not
three I think New Vegas is the good one
is what I've heard really I think I
thought three was was the reason many
people were interested in New Vegas
three was three was pretty popular
all right they might like them both I
don't know still there
did we lose Jack lost Jack getting Jack
back jack is returning Jack Jack Jack
hold up hold up Reese Kuip awaiting
relating this problem with the internet
connection great great I even still
streaming or did this whole thing
collapse like a house of cards like a
poorly made house of cards all right can
I be heard because I don't know what's
going on
oh good because because it's cursed
because the stream is yeah oh my god
what about a funny spot ended what it
would have been funny if they could have
seen me in the chat just feel like rich
I'm calling you I thought about it
though
oh of course now this has been something
that's been happening for maybe the past
couple of weeks where all of a sudden my
my oh my god I'm forgetting the name for
the box in which I get internet from my
modem Thank You Wow
completely lost the name for my modem
just I hear a loud click I hear click
click that's not good there should be no
moving parts fucking modem so this is
what I this is what I know
so I hear a click click and then all
internet dies and that's what happened
and so all of a sudden I'm talking I
forgot what I was talking to you about
but I was telling a story and I was at
mid story and it's like beep boop boop
boop yeah
and that's that so but I'm back now so
it's just I had to restart my modem and
and AT&T; is getting an angry call
tomorrow
now I don't need a router I need to do I
think I need a new modem you had our
modem for a couple of years now so maybe
it's worn out I don't know so oh that's
right that's what we're talking about so
Wednesday we are doing a European
friendly early screen we're gonna say
yeah we're gonna start at 3:00 or 3:30
and with all of the fallout 4 talk I
thought we could play one of the older
Fallout games yeah and we can play
fallout 3 but I had heard that New Vegas
was better I work and I don't know
also someone gifted me a copy of New
Vegas and so yeah we have a copy of New
Vegas which is the real thing
I shake somebody to death okay shake
them shake them new Vegas please yeah
that's all we're gonna do dick we're
gonna we're gonna so we'll do New Vegas
early what what did you all machetes how
is that even how is that better
how is that better yeah dual machetes
cuz it's dual machetes you know what
while you were saying dual machetes your
character for me had a chainsaw and I'm
trying to think of how like you would
make two chainsaws work in real life
well he's only using one chainsaw oh I
know I know but that when you said
machetes my my mind heard chainsaws
really yeah only because I was looking
at chainsaws so Wednesday early stream 3
or 3:30 central Daylight Savings Time
that's our euro friendly stream we're
going to be playing Fallout New Vegas ok
that's the plan and we'll a google
stream until whatever that is that is
the official plan for because I do I
have been hearing more and more from
European listeners saying that they want
a more regular European friendly stream
and we should so we're gonna try to
figure out a way to and make that happen
more often so they can be in on all of
these wonderful technical problem
you know who is attending the stream I'm
rich and I will definitely be there yeah
it's quite possible but most likely just
us but it's possible that Jay will be
around and usually that's it you guys
know how these things work if J is here
doing something most likely yes actual
stuff right Jame H and J might show up
later but or not at all yeah these are
the real things Shetty's why are they
not dying faster well and that's the
game I had on my a B list sorry Colonel
Bert's mustard so a a was Witcher 3 and
B was Fallout New Vegas yeah I just
ignored shake yep love you know doesn't
work and and by the way both I would
have had to like download and install
both I have neither ready to go that's
just like I would have just been doing
that while chatting with you guys so it
was good that rich wanted to play shank
so that was gonna be my energy because I
someone did gift me someone some very
generous that gifted me a copy of
Witcher 3 which I have and I've heard
nothing but good things I just don't
have the time commitment to play it
unfortunately still haven't beaten
blood-borne god damn it I can't start a
new game we have things to check your
okay
I know I know but that's the thing is
like you're seeing what we have to do in
the future knowing what episodes are
coming up and what we have to do is like
I just don't know if I'm ever going to
so what's next week
no next week we have free and then and
then we have III and then we have an
immense the week after 83 okay I wanna I
want to say next week we have free to do
the early access episode the early
access with Karen in town I still have
to get to you know I I got I got a
little bit of invisible ink timing it's
a lot harder than I remember
I think they made it harder yeah yeah I
just and like I just didn't know I
didn't know if it was like actually
harder if I just like if I'm out of the
flow of invisible ink
but um I guess maybe a little bit about
yeah I I definitely like I switched over
to no to playing some necrodancer so
yeah that's that like the next episode
is an update the to early access games
we did with the necrodancer and we're
just about to fake - I was but as it's
like we just won't have time like we're
through with all the other games we have
to play
so it'll just be invisible ink and crypt
of the necrodancer cut it and it'll be a
fast one it'll be a nice short episode
just kind of like here's what it was an
early access here's what it is now
do we still recommend it yeah right okay
I'm done with it as a short upset I
don't know if I could do detail anything
to games you've already done exactly
well that's that's just the thing it
just so happens that these two games we
did in early access and now they're both
out for full release so that's that next
one we're gonna do a best of the worst
style III episode III of the works maybe
I don't know in which and that'll be
another very short one where we will
watch rich and I will watch the
conferences live and film and make jokes
because I'm sure it'll be nothing but
jokes maybe there or no the ExCom to
talk at some point somebody
and then Batman and then Batman's the
next big one yeah
problems my guess is both of the other
ones both like the early access and the
e3 will be like YouTube only videos it's
kind of a shame that they're both
back-to-back and not and that book ended
by a some kind of full-on review of
something that's how it works sometimes
that's how it works sometimes something
else biggest coming out lying
that's it that's the only thing I have
next shit I got
a Lego Jurassic world yeah that's the
next big Karen is looking forward to
Lego Jurassic world check to Center the
camera no I just went to the other side
of my office I'm still here how you know
those Lego games I don't know if I can
be down with them we've been we've
there's been a lot of Lego Batman here
recently yep and they're all the same
game yeah oh yeah they're all the same
game and I dig the idea that the actual
game was just about like collecting all
of the guys you know just unlocking all
the guys but III did the game is so not
there and it's not for me you know what
they've been advertising on Steam it did
what it looks like is basically lego
minecraft I saw they might actually let
you start building stuff now exhibit
they've been terrified to do that
because they don't want people to stop
buying the actual Lego bricks I think
that's why you haven't seen a game when
you could free build whatever out of
LEGO pieces and we'll see if that is
this or if they still worm their way
around that you know
jack-jack Oh fuck's sake Jackie still
there no no holdup trying to get the
call back jackass drop again Jack has
dropped again
well this night it's just this has gone
great everything's going great this is
my favorite Stream Legos Legos scared
jackoff Legos Legos made him leave he
can't he doesn't like Legos so much he
can't even talk about them
