Death of the Party (Party Hard Part 3)
October 7, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xpc74VzVPjw

to do second-level see if there's any
special options like I didn't see like
gogo line or anything like that for that
sure but there wasn't anything new
really pest control just pest control
yeah pest control for that one biker
party oh I didn't it to play this one so
this is girls bikers and a rolls come on
girls man
girls bikers and butcher rich has
politely asked for girls
what oh there's like a brawl in the main
area so cops are being called there was
a brawl rich there was a brawl y'all
butcher it might be beating you out
looks like butchers on lead over girls
shit happens you know what a girl's had
they just had some some pics of tits a
butcher could be something yeah and
really in this scale to see the drawback
and this game is not even pixel tits
it's more like a pixel bikini we get a
butcher oh my God look oh oh my god nice
car oh my god
and it's a man with a chainsaw look at
that
that's awesome where am i what happened
huh I disappeared I want to do a hell
hey Bill and then I finished yeah I
don't know where I am
you're in the room okay it just goes in
here you went in a hay bale yeah there's
something in the barn where I could go
in oh yeah do you see that little trap
door under the Gascon then fairly left
me in here I'd no idea where I was
taking me oh great
oh great that butcher was the absolute
right call by the way that was awesome
what did he do because I was too busy
being lost oh he just came in and
murdered people with chainsaws really
yeah and he drives a war boys van
and I think we've chosen butcher again
oh now we got a new one Oh a merchant is
a new we got a fire a merchant or SWOT
are you guys gonna play this how you
guys playing this do doot doot doot doot
doot doot doot doot they are going
pretty heavy merchants yeah they just
well I think the everyone wants to see
something new they want to see what
happens no no no it kicks behind him
yeah all right I really wanted to kick
the cup I know but it kicks behind them
my cam it is what well we don't get to
see the merchants now
Oh we'll get another job chance we'll
see it I'm sure we'll see it was gonna
be fine it'll be fucking fine with the
friendly one
oh there's a motorcycle look
oh that like called people to it my back
no now what oh just call him over there
guess he could stab no no okay what do
we got here we got a carnival racer or a
thief interesting one person with that
little waist
no it's kind of a waste Ridge I like how
there are fancy waiters here at like the
Bulls I make a call I can call that day
what the fuck I know these good old boys
just gonna start beating people up
apparently great oh my god the carnival
showed up
oh they're carnies look yes oh look a
skeleton rich look at the skeleton we're
by the grill oh my god somebody burned
no no he's these showed up as a skeleton
oh there's a juggler there's Claude this
is a real carnival this is crazy town
dude bye-bye
I'm too old for this shit that's crazy
that the colonel just happened now there
are significantly more people to kill Oh
Mario just close enough here shit yep
fuck you Mario yeah otherwise be very
easy to avoid cops yeah understandable
is it if it a lot of people in here
maybe you do a lot of poisoning oh I
know the cop but hey I got it I got
comedy you got cop I got cop Oh someone
copped a feel
not exactly jack and someone someone
copped a squat okay how many other games
do twitch integration know what I'm
googling this right now what games
feature twit you fingered me you fucker
and just google it doo-doo-doo-doo deep
no no I went in the trapdoor
the trapdoor a what I used the trapdoor
Oh doing terrible Jack I'm doing
absolutely terrible
ah there's a couple there's that one
called
seems the dark gauge open rct2 I don't
know what that is oh that's gotta be
good right
yeah yeah how did you do that
I made the bull angry where was the bull
he was just hanging out down here
hanging out barbecue party hanging
barbecue pole that's a sign barbecue
bull my name is barbecue T bull I like
to hang out at barbecues do do doop doop
scooty do doop doop scooty too many
people jack how many people not enough
traps the kid that's my life Bridge
traps
I think trap is a trap is slang for
something hey hey people in chat you're
relatively like cool hip kids right was
trap slang for I think I just killed
their barrel you killed their bear yeah
there's something they summon that
barrel I don't know but he was right
there I hadn't do it
there's no choice a trap is a
transsexual is a boy who looks like a
girl
what does this know a trap what brings
that up I thought it I thought trap was
like slang for a house or something I
don't know the cool cave house I don't
know house the Biderman areas are you
thinking of a money pit trap no like hey
man me and the boys I'm going back to
the trap what the fuck I mean I've never
heard such a thing it's totally a thing
that's terrible it's totally a real
thing where are you
I'm running from the count no one says
that Jack I know listen well I am also
shockingly I know not a hip and cool kid
down with all the slang I am NOT down
with all the slang like the other kids
are oh we got a mad killer coming that
can only be good right
I think I believe if a mad killer kills
other people but he might be going after
you he's definitely going after you but
I got him in the bear trap so oh my god
that's great
there was a bear trap there yep
I'm kind of amazing really I mean I mean
pretty pretty amazing Trap House is a
drug house okay
oh and feel Sonia yeah get out yep but
there's no cuffs over my head what did I
get lucky some home I think you got
lucky
congratulations Oh sh ed this another
guy there oh my god am I getting beat up
by chickens too
I believe you're getting beat up by
chickens you bet you better oh no no you
have run and they're gonna work not
gonna work nope wake up that sucks all
right try one returned and I'm heading
trouble back you yeah okay hey that's
cool you know what that's cool
you're really focused on this now kind
of creepy what you just sitting there
saying trap trap yeah
to be true dimension druggist trumpeter
out of the jam you see that trap that
trap is pretty trap tastic I crapped my
pants
you did I saw it I saw it with my own
eyes every once in a while this is
something I actually do I I do like to
listen o mad killer Oh buddy oh look at
them bodies start beating people up they
get knocked out really quick they suck
that's hilarious
that girl it's in a while like I will
listen to like the popular music station
and you're just saying I do like knowing
what what it is that the young folk
listen to the hippity-hop s-- the the
ladies singers every once in a while
I don't know if that Bears gonna eat me
but I'm not even gonna take a chance oh
look at the bodybuilder dance that's
really funny you get out you you
horrible person you they saw you
yeah that's all right you go yeah stabby
stabby him nice okay get out of there
get out of there
we're gonna I don't know I hit the right
button I just it didn't work
oh you didn't work you hit the stand
fuck you hit the stat button and not the
not the the secret exit button all right
I'm gonna try to continue on with the
the one the rooftop the roof that one
yeah we're gonna try to continue on with
the roof we saw some potential new
things which was the point yes okay
neon top party as our hero killer let's
go kill all the people in the dance
floor number one it's a tie between gogo
girls and SWAT girls pulling ahead
Oh SWOT surge dammit
no it's kind of line conga line is the
dark horse candidate its neck and neck
between conga line and SWAT kind of line
it's water battling it out I'm not sure
who's gonna win but one or two votes
might be the difference here but but
swap with a slightly slightly swap win
it no maybe tie between conga line and
SWAT
oh no wait no come on kind of go ahead
John go on
oh is it go Carter you can like kill the
whole lioness though that would have
been great oh that would have been great
oh it's up body and the conga line ended
oh damn it you never even got the conga
line but you know what I got them all
out of that area or you got them all out
of that area I should say yep many
bodies I'm just gonna be over here
waiting
where's the conga line ever possess the
Jen yep Tiberius Kirk
you fucker
alrights what what's the next thing
gonna be mm-hmm
SWAT pizza or hot floor hmm
we've never seen hot floor in action I
don't think I don't believe we have know
what's what does it like pizza somebody
vote yeah you know pizzas always fun I
guess how you doing good here I feel
like I'm doing it feeling good about
this one I think you're gonna do it you
think you think
nothing happening over here nothing
happen I just have that guy huh the guy
is just in one shot is there something
there was someone there all right you're
gonna see a hot floor and be my guest 81
percent of the vote the hot floor hot
floor oh hey sweet oh you burned the cop
too nice
Jack Jack with the chat assist Shan
assists the sweet mad chat assist did
you see me don't think he saw me
thank you yeah um can we make the voting
time shorter we could I think I don't
know I think we're comfortable with this
I'll fuck you ah fuck you cop what do
you mean like like like 30 seconds as
opposed to a minute between things
oh yeah I mean we could now this is this
seems to be working
oh I was so fucking close that's stupid
dickhead saw me
bear Pizza Ariana it's like which blame
thing do I want bear pizza racer yeah
therapy its eraser when you want to pick
your votes kids make your thumbs
ah don't love the window huh you throw
out the window the bodies sure look that
up just get out of here well we got the
condo line option again I don't want
anybody's to distract them ha ha well
that's that's over there like ok I'll
get rid of them as soon as the cop comes
so it is over there I think you're fine
it is over there a couple tag around
quick whoopsie cut you motherfuckers up
I want that I want a conga line so I can
get the Gulf dirt and just conga line
Gulf yeah yeah right now we have pizza
pizza
what is that the pizza does Jesus here
well trying to rub one can you grab them
did people go for it Oh people are
coming to the pizza ok that makes sense
that makes perfect sense yes and then I
can poison and explode stuff just add
that bouncer huh it's a bouncer down for
that tree yeah I got right behind him
you can establish I got a finger
exploding in a second ok I said shit I
said I said that makes perfect sense yep
so high I'm not tied to the crime
oh I can get the poo I could kill it
needs up new jackets your call I got
here
what yeah what shit we just you know a
lot of no you find your finest stuff
right fine you're fine
that's stuff and a lot of balls in the
air well one of the balls in the air
might be Swat oh she might be it might
be 100 percent 66% 66% Jebus H crisp
oh yeah his head's on the turnstile and
it's in his arm is doing the beat what
oh you got spotted boy you got spotted
come where is it where is it I think you
might have murdered the cop of the car
yes that would be great
it's fucking spot coming fuck oh and a
please coming
fuck keep it cool keep it cool no I got
I got the cuffs keep it cool we're gonna
run your run rings around this cop yep
that is literally okay got rid of the
cop oh my god
presumably
was there a scream yeah
I do like the throwing the bodies off
thank ya guys come let's wrap it and
walk away for it just something I got
and there's a lower window I think can
you throw on a bolt uh no what are they
doing yeah look at that bouncer we've
got a bouncer okay oh thanks I'm Tommy
what I think is fun yeah might be oh
fuck totally effective no I can get to
the wait wait wait
now there you go no no you got to the
other bouncers fuck yeah fuck yeah but
now well the one bouncer leave after the
time is the question for the next before
you know for the next vote
oh sure maybe I wonder if you even have
to kill the other one tu-tu-tu-tu-tu-tu
don't touch those people there's a
bouncer over there yeah why do you walk
right in front no that was the dumbest
thing Jack oh I missed him and missed
him
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo nope I
certainly wasn't trying to stab anyone
that's doing great jack you look great
slow and steady I'm doing slow and
steady over here let's go sleep now
this does you know tossing people out of
windows and Bibi
just wants a piece of quiet that's all
huh he just wants peace and quiet oh
that's right that's my motivation I just
wanted some peace and quiet
well it's gonna throw people out of
windows
nowhere else yeah well you know this
seems to be a pretty reliable kill spot
over here yeah oh man the waiter fell
asleep can you throw him out without
killing him
no remember you tried to do that with
the guy in the sewer and he just woke up
and was pissed at you I am I could've
just been tiny I could have just been he
woke up I gotta wake up my arms before
and I wasn't trying to yeah it could
have been I don't want to take that
chance both looking left slow and steady
yeah it's working for you shit should be
connected to you probably
cops coming down right fucking there I
don't have handcuffs I don't have
handcuffs
so I think I'm in the clear whoo lucky
boy look it dududududu I'm just gonna
hang out over here by this pun so those
are the gogo girls there
gogo girls not super exciting no no you
know like they don't have so much pixel
tenses that have pixel bikinis you know
mm-hmm plus they look just like the
other dancers that are already up in the
other quarter right yeah you might be
careful about the next one why mad
killer
oh the mad killer cut kills me that they
certainly are that's a food deployment
here comes the mad killer we can do this
where's the mad killer coming from
helicopter elevator elevator elevator I
don't think you said that rap soon
enough did you kill him I killed the mad
killer nice kill them in the fan nice
I'm pretty good about that nice pretty
good about that the chat is trying to
put you down back and they think they
can't do it can't do it they can't do it
can't put me down why does that guy have
a bar over his head not sure cuz I kind
of want to kill these guys I'll be
facing each other oh yeah obviously
awaits
nope no no no no but this guy with the I
can't tell what on the side is heading
your way
what is that what is chef maybe I mean I
guess I'm gonna call the chef what's
next body blur oh no no that flow just
started oh my god finally gonna get your
conga line but no nothing
yep yeah this is the sweet spot yeah oh
I mean obviously it's so easy to dump
bodies you know mm-hmm
she's so easy to dump bodies and because
you've been dumping the bodies the conga
line might actually go off without a
hitch we could actually see a conga line
it'd be great if everyone else we're
dead just follow them from behind and
stab them in the back that's I'm gonna
do 108 is it everybody oh oh oh this
might be glorious this could be glorious
Episode II just called the fucking cops
it's fine that's fine
look oh there's the conga line oh
they're going on a circle that's weird
I'm sorry that cop is from spoiling
everybody's fired no I'm just in the
kind of goal in just a dude in the conga
line I don't think it's gonna work but
that's funny
try it try it try it
Oh No
you know what to do yep hey Rob's game
little ropes game yes you're tired of
that Oh lousy lousy right pressure under
the fan oh you just push her off the
bill Oh works too
nothing to see over here you're gonna do
it you're gonna do it there are there's
potential problem though on the horizon
what's that you don't want to know you
don't want to know don't I
SWAT fucking well they're not winning
the vote but it's very close
sure racer 42% swap 35 goddamnit Chet do
you want to see you want to see this
look you want to see what the next level
is that's the question to you chance
yeah yeah if you want to see the next
level
we're going back to gogo girls racer we
can deal with a racer one
shed is just a flurry of activity yeah
move aside
spare clothes hit the right button oh oh
I think I could have used that yeah I'm
sorry
no no I mean now we know what it is
interesting very interesting
all right oh we're gonna see a new one
maybe somebody else come down I feel
just playing it cool don't you see
you're playing it cool that's all I am
see you playing it cool casual dick yeah
you dick
let's get more become more coming Lorca
mark enough just one two something new
something new it's almost certainly
gonna win yeah merchants merchants yeah
okay I was wondering what that was - to
- no one
okay and Oh coming to the helicopter
just in case I'm gonna and nothing
nothing nothing is happening the
elevators staying open what happens if
you walk over to the elevator
oh you can't throw them out of the
bottom window no I thought I could Kenna
can you go in the elevator
No so how we have we glitched for future
things showing up maybe we maybe have
I'll just kill the rest these Schmucks
and be done with it
absolutely cops coming in a little bit
some planning cause don't be seen don't
be seen I'm not near any bodies except
the one you're gonna make well first of
all obviously dude
my captors just standing there
why'd you stand in there cop some kind
of glitch I don't know just be careful
I ain't you stand to miss be careful
just be careful I'll be fine cuz that
trying to throw that girl out the window
seems to fuck things up girl the top
killer okay
oh you're gonna do it you're doing it
you're doing it you can throw them in
the sea yeah don't matter
it won't matter got them all oh my God
look at the glitchyness look at all the
glitches just it's okay I was asleep the
countertop right top right that's what
it is
thank you look at all we have glitched
it you almost sad that cop and that
could have gone badly we don't know mmm
there we go
you didn't pwned
everything is broken everything is
broken about the game but we we made it
hey hey go all right whoo I'm gonna I'm
gonna live that
hey Jack I think we're stuck here it's
not leaving the screen this may have
been for nothing
yeah well hopefully it's saved hopefully
I'd saved everyone
she had a saying they voted glitch well
this is what you get for voting glitch
all right I'm gonna minimize that no
nope
fuck fuck all right try again and hope
we have the next level unlock oh yeah we
did
oh you got an achievement called Start
party hard that's not a good sign Oh
continue Oh party we did it
alright alright boat party rich oh oh
this looks me intimate can you go inside
the boat there's that little door yeah
first bouncer nice oh you can throw him
off the boat to the Sharks yeah but she
was coming so I had to give her sir
Oh bouncer - no cop sees the bouncer
ojas I wonder if it was that man who is
walking away all right where did i
teleport - I use the door oh you up
upper left oh yeah yep see we got here
we got special agent bear killer and
pizza of course bottom of the ship seems
like the way to go well yeah that's
where you can dip both bodies that's I
mean I think that's what we've
discovered last time is like the sweet
spot is always wherever you can dump the
bodies looks like we have a special
agent coming aboard
alright alright where do they spawn I
think helicopter on the roof oh no
they're coming from the back
I don't know those phone right there yep
just a cop though I don't see the
special agent I don't think the voting's
done yet is it I think it is where's the
cop cop my back cop said fuck it
oh that that's the corner I think all
right so maybe you got lucky with this
special agent it's not much to do on
this one is there this is a simple map
yeah but you know what it's not a boat
there's a speaker you could not most
right there right now and they're so
Hogan again by the way right behind it
is and by the way that's like eight bit
like wrestling hell code how many other
different types Hulk Hogan's would there
be other than wrestling Hulk Hogan to
shape suburban commando Hulk Hogan yeah
I nobody cares about spawn idaho : i'm
sorry Hollywood Hogan was also wrestling
people are getting sick up there that's
good news
looks like you have a merchant coming
that didn't do anything last time right
well there was some kind of glitch going
on CAPS coming oh wait I think the
merchants might be the man in black can
you talk to him
hold down the listen button and you see
how now there's like a red ring around
them with an X can you talk to people
this might blow your whole thing no okay
yeah check you fucked me over you fucked
me over absolutely did I just wanted to
know I just wanted to know rich and you
know what now we know isn't that nice
isn't knowing you half the paddle this
for me doesn't do much good
this is not a visual and audio thing but
it's happening rich is flipping me the
bird I wanted to know I hope all you
know is suffering
everyone's going down here now and I
can't kill the bouncer but it's just
tragic this is tragic it's no
coincidence that that guy showed up
after they voted merchants so he is
obviously the merchant perhaps much like
the pizza guy he drops his briefcase and
you can pick up like a lemon or
something no no Oh things were going so
great so great you'll get it back it was
amazing
it'll be a bit amazing look at all these
people down here now I can't get my my
kill zone cleared enough to start don't
worry the the chats it looks like the
chat is ordering some girls maybe
that'll distract people maybe I don't
know something's gonna blow up nobody's
wrong will it blow but waits for
somebody that's nice how does one kill
that's nice oh there's a briefcase or
that where right there right out of it
that's a bomb you can plant well we know
what we're doing with us yeah I know
what you do with that so right button
set up a bomb
massive kill zone
massive kill zone oh they're just
sleeping what they're just sleeping look
at ZZZ
what kind of weak-ass bomb is that it's
a non Opie bomb I think it's the
technical term sure I get that it's not
overpowered but I mean it didn't kill
anybody there weren't a cop around then
there are less people I might be able to
stab them all down but your your speaker
killed some people so that's good oh
that's weak a flame now they're all
leaving the dance thing oh this has gone
bad we can nobody's dancing and they're
all gonna come down here they can't kill
anybody and there's no traps and there's
a bouncer and fuck it all just alright
just restart the level if you wanna stab
everyone
I do think it's funny that where am i
where am i father your your killer's
motivation is that he just wanted some
quiet yet he is he has gone to the party
but like he's like maybe I'll get some
quiet on a boat on this party boat
there's a mad killer coming after me
that is true
did you see the medic killer he goes
yeah run now ain't gonna work haha yeah
just coming after you I bet you could
push him off the boat cuz that's not
just a body dump place that's a pusher
place right there why risk it
he's almost he's almost time up why risk
it no that's just the time for the next
vote oh yeah okay okay okay okay
well yeah uncle Ivan I think like that
the the goal is to use the bomb to knock
everyone out and then just stab stab
stab but they're just there's extra
people around
you just don't care
I don't either then fuck it oh these are
no time to cover caps motherfucker when
you've got a knife in your neck doing
good things I'm feeding the Sharks what
people don't understand is that these
are endangered
tiger sharks they live on a very
specific diet of recently murdered
humans I'm doing it what
Oh Michael bikers bikers you know what
they didn't beat me up instantly so I'm
okay with that
I think they just get into fights
there's a there's a briefcase up there
yeah I don't well no way close basically
nobody left but the dance floor
sure sure how am I do but it might not
be a bomb I mean I think it's random
what else could it be
we got a change of clothes than one you
got that big sword in one
nice Ricky's got the mad strats press
your listen button yeah my check that
you know there's no thing you buy that
thing II yeah no throw off his own over
there you would think and that's the
back of the boat ripe for a throw off
zone it's fine
it's a dude standing back there like
well guess didn't see anything weird
over there see what are they sending
your way rich they are sending looks
like bear and bear killer are these are
the top ones right now little bear
killer bear killer is itching it out
gogo girls as you know it's coming up
stab stab
I like how you know you can't just stab
people in the face but you like stabbing
her in the back and you have a bear
killer coming aboard oh it's right there
I'm very confused by that by the bear
killer yeah I wonder if it just kills
the bear that if people sent a bear that
would kill the bear no no that's
possible
it seems very strange what pickup that
case you know yeah well I guess I don't
have to use it right away
what is that bomb different kind of bomb
is that a kill everyone bomb that could
be a kill everyone bomb but I don't know
assume it's not our last bomb was not a
killer drone Bob the shark has fucking
diabetes people are saying this one is
not a stun bomb I don't know if we can
trust him
well I think we've killed enough let's
try it
see what happens oh yeah they know that
put people to sleep
oh and murdered some to that that did
both looks like close to the blast
radius murdered man it's too close to
what a cop came you know silly you
didn't get out of there
hey I just up top that's a Ledge and I
my brain wasn't looking at it as a Ledge
oh sure
rich yeah that's right get it together I
don't like this bomb strategy you know
you don't like the bomb strategy that
person fell asleep because she saw you
stabbed so much fainted I got I got that
all reasoned out already
like me took me half a second thought
that makes way too much sense I don't
think I want to say that's not true just
because it makes too much sense having
good as a man wearing a speedo she
deserves to be stabbed they go topless
small breasted lady also also true
did you do rich oh my god oh shit I was
just gonna say you have a carnival one
they just yeah I didn't know I didn't
know
yep uh-oh Mario's here he doesn't seem
to be fixing anything yet but he's here
doo doo doo just - dude just - dude I
had the cops back and somebody saw him
with a body that wasn't known about them
I guess why are the cab's back
all these extra fuckers know I tried to
attack the cop from behind I thought
maybe you can step into the cops not
actively trying to arrest you sure maybe
you can get a quick killing okay you
know what it was worth the attempt it
pays to experiment sure
I think nothing I was doing nothing
standing directly behind you just look
at me yeah that's what reroll mmm give
us three more shots I believe in you I
believe in you well you give it another
shot I will uh I'll talk about I'll talk
a little bit about Wonder Woman we care
about Wonder Woman suddenly well someone
very nicely sent me some Wonder Woman a
smoke grenade
send me some Wonder Woman comics they
were they were ah a fan who enjoys the
DC Universe and they didn't think that I
was giving it a fair enough shot reading
the Wonder Woman Superman comic books oh
I was too close yep that's funny and so
they they sent me the first two trades
of new 52 Wonder Woman to you know
hopefully gain a better understanding
and appreciation of the Wonder Woman
comics and I've read them I think I have
a problem with Wonder Woman
I just I just don't necessarily care
about the whole gods thing you know is I
guess the major thing that's what I've
discovered the new 52 Wonder Woman I
guess all the wandering and you know
like there's a lot of GAD stuff I just
don't care you know
yeah which has no strong opinions no I
don't think I ever have yeah I just you
know like I I like I like my superheroes
human I like my superheroes human I like
them to be normal people
you know like so much pee basically the
you know spider-man being my favorite
superhero just just a normal kid right
yeah just a normal kid and deals with
everyday kids stuff while also punching
people that's great
the reason I think that I like the new
Batgirl so much is because her this
story arc all of her equipment gets
blowed up and Batman isn't around
and so she has to basically start over
from scratch and so she's a poor kid
dealing with relationship stuff and also
punching people so it's like it's the
closest that Batgirl can get to
spider-man which is why I love it same
with the Miss Marvel which I've been
reading and really enjoying so it's not
even just like a female comic book thing
you know miss Marvel's just a kid just a
kid dealing with stuff normal person
also punching people which I really like
but like I think this is the the big
issue with DC in general you know Batman
is a billionaire is a billionaire ninja
Superman is an invulnerable gun they're
not the most relatable characters mm-hmm
Wonder Woman is a is an Amazon princess
so that's it you know no Bruce isn't
around in the new Batgirl
she currently dead or something or what
he might be dead or just not around
because in in this universe James Gordon
is Batman in a in a robot Batman suit
it's very strange
it's very very strange and so she's kind
of by herself she had to oh my god a
shark popped up and ate someone I was
awesome was that a special thing that
the jet boat on I don't think so I think
that's just a random shirt
Batman what might as well be an
invincible yeah that's true because he's
a billionaire extremely good point and
then so this is all the thing is
relatability they have a relatability
problem DC and like this is this wonder
when these two trades all revolve around
every single one of the different gods
and the half gods and the quarter gods
fighting over Zeus's empty chair because
Zeus is gone apparently and and man I
don't care I care about it like how can
i how can that really give up cop give
up on that my god
he lasted like eight times as long as
the other cops
yeah you know what deathstroke I might I
might get into I I could see myself
getting in a desk drug but but you know
even Deathstroke is he's just too good
all the delta DC heroes and villains are
just like the best at everything ever
Deathstroke master mercenary assassin
healing abilities super keen senses the
most badass ever too badass let's try
something with a smoke grenade that's
not the majority of wonder alone comics
I have two trades you know that's one
twelve issues twelve fourteen
co-creators to ship is it
I'm just stabbing them in the squad and
nobody's seeing because smoke grenade oh
my god oh my god that's great Oh
someone's all body I don't think they
spotted you though oh oh nope nope
that's alright alright sorry no the body
really oh nice nice rich the body
builders were gonna open up fucking
bouncer I might like Jessica Jones I
don't know no Jessica Jones great I'm
looking forward to it Jessica Jones oh
oh I'm talking about the comic book the
alias but oh yeah I heard great things
about anyways
this is but but this is something this
is why I've always read Marvel / DC
Marvel has normal people with
extraordinary powers and they do that
very well I feel my opinion of course
you probably love you yeah J was here
for a little bit tonight no he's not but
now he's now I will not rest until I see
the merchant used in his proper form
well lady Bacardi how is we talking talk
to us about the merchant what do we do
with the merchant how does this play out
lady Bacardi I have popped you out
explain to us how we use the merchant in
his proper form yeah that's right it's
not so much the power level but more a
humanizing of the heroes and like if you
think about you know Clark Kent or
Superman his whole deal is he's an alien
and he feels like an outsider because he
is an outsider because he's an immortal
God Wonder Woman lives on an island of
only women and as a princess like not
not very relatable she's not big tough
Thor either I was so no I'm not a big
fan of filler I didn't know anyone was a
big fan of Thor yeah yeah I get I can
totally agree with that sentiment
he opened his coat when he opens his
coat go up to him and see if he gives
you where's the merchant you wait for
him to flash you yeah gotcha
thank you pretty I was leaving were you
hard to get back I'll fucking do my last
shot Jack you can do it
the last shot think I'm I'm rushing too
much you're not taking my time I'm not
being tactical yes being stupid
yeah like the Thor movies I think are
fine they're the movies I hate most out
of all of them not even hate moans I
just you know I just don't care about
the Thor movies because it's a bunch of
God none since that I don't care about
you be fairly close to a body let me see
it don't they oh yeah the myrrh okay
people are voting hard on that merchant
all right so what's the deal here so a
guy with the black coat yeah well come
around and then he opens up his coat
yeah and then you can like press Y or
something and talk to him okay possibly
I'll keep an eye out for him
all right all right he came at the
bottom you see him so I don't know if
you have to hang around him or or what
you have to do there button
oh hey guy hey give me change of clothes
okay I'm gonna do two game ops out well
it depends on which one you want to keep
oh hang on to this it's insurance yeah
nice there you go
and does he just sit there now he wants
to I don't care do what he wants
if John burned the one that's doing the
new Superman the Action Comics cuz I
think yeah he's the one who did Superman
in 1980 whatever a 501 is just saying I
think that I would like John Byrne
Superman in 85 I think he's yeah he's
the one that brought Superman's parents
into the mix okay yeah yeah that would
be nice
no and I think like I think that's what
they're doing with Superman now in
Action Comics is like they took away a
bunch of his powers they got rid of his
you know cape and tights and I think
they're trying to
yeah you change your clothes button if
you want to use it I can just outpace
him that would be best
oh of course yep I'm getting too old for
this shit and already global tornado yes
that is Hulk Hogan dancing on the deck
and it looks like Hulk Hogan has a
little food poisoning and by little we
mean a lot because he's gonna die for it
can't pick you up
this is level like what five yeah yeah
this is level five of the game the boat
party
Briere oh man we got a cheerleader yeah
we got a cheerleader that's fun
nice oh my god I'm feeling sick brother
I'm feeling sick and the only cure is a
20 cc shot of Hulkamania Deano spumoni
that sounds good Johnny says John Burns
Superman was the first and foremost
Clark Kent and always saw himself as
Clark Kent he didn't feel like an
outsider he just saw himself as a man
doing what he can to make me know that I
didn't like that version of Superman yes
that makes sense that's relatable
humanizing by cheerleader I sure did
like watching you shake your pom-poms oh
yeah totally safe you got your
get-out-of-jail-free card and there's
another one on the deck another
get-out-of-jail-free card yeah
which also do you see the Baywatch
lifeguard on the deck man oh and her
little things stayed up there glitch v
games got some pitches yeah I can only
assume that's the twitch integration
really messing stuff up now the caps
frozen yeah yeah I think I can move it
impunity you might be able to yes of
course all your words follow you around
um change clothes that's an all right
question rich what would you recommend
party hard how much we owe where are you
I got beaten up by a wrestler Oh
Oh use it passed out yeah I don't know
who I'm Savin now fucker is that like a
giant what is that purple thing
following him I you know is this
something that popped over his head um
personally it's retaining for like ten
minutes
yeah it's entertaining for like 10
minutes unless you are live-streaming it
in which case you get a little more
juice out of it you know if maybe under
you know it has to be really achieved I
can get it for two bucks yeah I don't
think I have to worry about anything
anymore yeah cuz the cops glitched no it
feels cheap
and being completely honest it feels
cheap it's 13 bucks which yeah 7-7 yeah
not really I guess I hate it I don't
hate it at all no and it's been fun it's
been fun streaming yeah yeah it's been a
it's been a lot of fun streaming it like
I don't think this is anything I would
ever pick up on my own all right let's
see hung useless step copies let's see
how close you can get you yeah you can
get right up there that one smart guys
just sticking right now yeah hey
Brainiac would I support a first person
shooter version of space cop absolutely
first person shooter
that's what space cop is he just shoots
his gun did you want to see space cop in
a space cop game yeah no I want a beast
I mean any first-person game can be like
a Rambo game yeah you know you know you
don't see the character you're playing
as I don't want to see space cop on a be
space captain a licensed game with like
a visual character and the first person
doesn't make sense to me mm-hmm are we
missing
emergent did to kill the merchant maybe
you can see him in 20-minute cutscenes I
like that
yep there you go
it's not all Potter work is he going to
a special spot to dance dance dance
right there in front of the cops I don't
bad about this yeah yeah you should but
also we know it's you know like it's not
gonna move on by itself
oh yeah I forgot about this yeah finds
finds vine you know what is fine alright
um business nice oh I used the old
version because I'm stupid and the chat
isn't big enough because that's what's
in my little Start menu here oh yeah you
guys switch that you know you know can
you read them I can do a plan B you have
all the brains know what you have less
friends what do you mean hey oh nice
Lord Belmont recruit mob pimps Genghis
Borgnine Elvin Fox Kahuna pops our milf
rear Ches 87 Jay Bauman's beard
Jim love boat Zen of Ben action 69
classic Lego cinema Lloyd beats Carrabba
the binary Son of Krypton I throw on
that Krypton part because we're talking
about Superman
I'm me remix his name space cap shed
Iran no we're setting up like a J sound
J so I was trying to do a different
unique voice for every person and this
is the voice that's ran us Mike
Longshanks when the one true Morty like
this my name is Tate and tan American
ham tenure cup hometown markup is what
jack is trying to say and filling ham
torn directive thank you for subscribing
apresenta
it's true
larry with them
