Rocket League (With Karen)
August 8, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yHZjso9vFOU

and ruff we're streaming the stream is
being streamed live from the the stream
sitter what's up how's everyone doing
you say hello
I don't they don't even know you're here
you haven't said won't work well I
figured they'd figure that out sooner or
later
hi it's Karen oh my god where did all my
screens go why didn't mom ice-creams
disappear that doesn't make any sense
everything just everything just what the
hell everything just every every screen
I had open to do this disappear for the
long weekend
what I set up for a long weekend alright
alright I've got my screens back up and
just going to assume we're still
streaming they might be all right so
this is this is a bracket link here you
have her local carp and you play soccer
with it
so I played sacrifice
I have put money for a second as you
want to use that one I want to make sure
that was player ones did these cars did
they die much died you know do they are
they do they pretend to be injured when
they're really not
- I tried to look like I've got a bad
tire or the he hurt my bumper that
suddenly spring up as if nothing
happened when the when the rough
threatens to card though goes this
sucker that would be some accurate stuff
right this is the cars yeah
Karen used to you know your thing which
one you were driving the angel thing you
can wait that's mine
let me options is that me talking are we
I'm like some kind of a delay yeah like
a seven second delay its Karen this is
my fiance hi
I'm gonna I'm gonna exit the game real
quick I turn it back on because I want
to recognize both the controllers so we
can possibly both play the idea although
I really like your little I'm just gonna
unplug my stroller for now and I'm gonna
let you go single player for me mister
shy smile that'll work
well I'll jump in later what you know my
gosh you played a little bit hi perfect
dark and everybody no that's weird
oh is that maybe my ball looks like a
Roly polio I remember my something that
USB port magic fuck like it's goodness
hurt in some giant bug oh that's
unfortunate but you can get up don't you
have like a like Oh Howard oh yeah well
that's at home yeah go to the garage
okay
alright now you can select a different
car do they have different even you can
sort know it's cosmetic but you can just
play around like like just take a look
see what you like where is this like a
first
oh that's cool thank you only all boats
good a lot of vegan good on top ahead
there I hit the oven all right now you
see we still thumbs on the phone if that
wanna go over now you can just different
like pattern yeah you can change the
colors on the pattern so do all the
stars or not yeah alright we had that my
head this button again you if there's
like a HT on a blue team you can change
what shade of blue you are so they go to
the top one hit the Padilla button oh
can I get flowers won't move from worse
than first things first let's pick a car
color first primary color oh I see even
purple you can be light blue fun a
little too far everyone won't do split
screen battle later I mean this is their
first time picking up a controller for
the game it wouldn't really be fair I
played this all last night you know what
I don't all right now go back we let it
go back no you can also right but I'm
back to being regular blue why did you
hit the road I hit the a button not the
top yeah no no no that was a debugger so
I know that right now blue you want all
right
no no wait before you going to do the
screen what kind of finished you want
like semi gloss but metallic go up and
stop hit the Haven all right corroded
metal glossy metallic matte and the
changes like the reflection like you can
look like kind of a messy rusty you want
okay glossy
okay totally gone your medal see you're
heavy man you're heavy metal all right
hit that top way tires even go at minute
oh wait they come in different colors
can you like make the tires compose the
most the different tires are different
colors you'd see them all ago it was
like the red ones
there's the green ones have dollar signs
around them I had that thought button
what kind of rocket trust you want when
you use the rocket boost it rainbows
yeah Oh flowers
hey bud anyone yeah here only upper
shoulder but yeah here all the hats your
cars I got a halo on right now
firefighter hat Fez and devil horns
mariachi and taxi crown sombrero a lot
of propeller
okay now that top button
you're still the propeller no hit though
that's have fun okay now what antenna do
you want
there's more up top to is a few more
keep going up I have no idea
warframe Excalibur it looks like a
thumbs up to me oh you do country eggs
yep
did you like the UN you just BIA my
whatever's in there I'm not sure what's
in there I might be Hong Kong just
because it's such a nice attractive
dinner go work I totally forget you can
be like the smiley face I called that
one wrong
I thought you'd see the smiley face you
already got to talk about the admissions
I think it'd be
this somehow advances is pretty cute
they look dear I mean it whatever you
want
hey now you have your car okay hit the
the B button B but oh wait actually yeah
all right you want to play against
dorable y'all play against the computer
or you won't play against the actual
people well the computer have mercy on
my soul
they said that you have an echo that's
like 30 seconds behind like 30 seconds
behind me okay a rich and I out of sync
oh you know what I must team the stream
is probably thanks for pointing it out
I'm going to fix that right now
I think the audio I believe the stream
open so I I know we're actually
streaming and get the audio from that
that should mention that sticker thank
you
dammit I worked hard to hit the audio
good the stream started Sarah I'm upset
about that is a flub that's totally on
me we say Wednesday Sunday but no we
thought it would be a pleasant surprise
I was up here and rich yes she's not
just not free Sunday night yeah
comically really yeah well no I said
I'll work quite as comically early this
Monday I'm going in a bit later but but
yeah III work early better off tomorrow
so we're free to stream tonight right
cuz I'm gonna have to you've got go to
bed or turn into a pumpkin I'll go with
a good exhibition get some experience of
the game for you online does I'll just
be yeah yeah um three verse three
Ricky random just go to create match
my blue or orange or uh you pick oh you
didn't you didn't customize your shave
orange but just goes blue this is an
orange team a blue team
guess guess is the all right you just
keep jumping if you want I don't mind a
trigger and then the other side that's
reverse so you better act its last uh
you see that little thing on your bottom
right yeah that's that's the number of
oh you drive over those yellow my in the
goal you're you're in the yeah I'm
steering the steer with the d-pad why oh
my god would you rather stare with a
demon do you pad I can change that yeah
the Gopher Oh can be laying on its back
and be like a turtle you can get back up
they don't they don't screw over why
don't I just go often right just like an
Easter card the trigger and the glove
and I'm using like a rocket how do I
just go this button here oh that's yeah
let's go I was trying that I know you're
using the rocket you thought that was
the gas I understand well I mean I
figure it's a guess I just know where it
was glue there's the vault
this is why I want you to play versus
the robots ball looks like some kind of
a B or something
start smashing elbows shoot that when
you hit the market you get to get
rainbows grass oh you you did flowers
I'm sorry did I always send flowers
coming out of my ass
I always say your shit smells like roses
exactly I said my friends head that ball
you can jump with the a button too if
you want to do like a header you can
double matter double yeah yeah
yeah hit the ball of the goalball is
where is the ball there it is if you
want to focus on the ball
I don't know this will be distracting
you the top button why the yellow one
that puts the camera on the ball so you
can just steer around the ball they
might be confusing that might be
disorienting view because you're not use
3d games you just set it back you can
just set it back it's too much for my
brain
try the Rockets hit the ball you blow it
up you rammed into them with the Rockets
you rear-ended somebody
oh you're speeding damn it no that's a
good thing oh but I didn't get the ball
on the sensor you know you say fuck shit
piss Nick what can I do
yeah cocksucker motherfucker tits and
ass tits fish I can't remember the
George Carlin cocksuckers what am I even
trying to go in you were blue you want
to hit the ball on the one yeah I'm
playing on PC because because apparently
I don't have PlayStation Plus so I
couldn't get the free version on the ps4
so I just bought it on steams I had I
have so much fun playing this the other
night do you have a ps4 yeah we have for
the show oh it was a busy they're up to
four already
it was a business success oh yeah we are
doing it oh my god you overshot the car
no I didn't go in reverse we got back up
behind the ball oh that's true I could
just drive back all this candy what
happened to be due racket in the little
D there you can fly a little bit you
don't have much fuel but you you hit
jump and then hit the rocket and point
like a stick back you can like put your
nose up in the air I Nevada you're out
of juice okay
hit that ball the ball little fool you
juice cousin you're growing these things
were filling my juice yeah the yellow
things on the ground are filled with
rocket no the ones of the ball over them
the fill it all the way and the other
ones fill it like 10% or something
I was free on PlayStation Network last
month so I missed it anyway okay well
then I definitely don't feel bad buying
the steam version watch me suck I'll
pick it up later we'll do two of us and
then we'll bill online after that I know
it is you're hitting your own goal I
know
yeah I'm not a Colombian soccer player
that murdered me yeah and everybody
remembers that folk band huh well I was
a team ruff it was a team basically run
by drug wars though I'm not kidding that
was a whole documentary of I like I
think they're their major patron was
that sand of all go that charge
the whatever else they say Spanish what
babblers a little bit embarrassing it's
mostly job-related
turn around oh my god you don't even
know her with direct comment at the wall
I can space him hey I gotta go in turn
it drip turn that germ kicked it all the
way that jerk I think I heard some oh my
god
with you whiffed well at least with
these cars you know that nobody can like
thank you you what so right John you
forgot not to watch these streams during
your hangover all the 3d spinning I
think it's my yelling role ah that's
true we never did think we'd see rich so
enthusiastic about soccer or cars scogan
can you do they've like tanks no you've
seen our every car I have no tanks
unfortunately I'm sorry that's a shame
or semis semis be come on up a
ridiculous nice I might a goal in your
fine we're like car carriers you push a
button and all these little cars come
off of it
it's our doing shit for you a little
smaller cars you know like a semi and
then like numbers that come off well
let's see how they come on the field
inside the game yeah fall off of the car
come off of the car terrier or a fairy
or something
goodness
anything
see no motor back no Karen nobody knows
to the firearm you're actually gonna
have to explain the fire are Chicago's
major league soccer team what the hell
is Major League Soccer sort of like
major league baseball but you know a lot
less money
so it's like amateur soccer it's
professional it's just that soccer isn't
one of our national sports it's not the
national pastime it's not the runner-up
the national pastime it's not third it's
probably not fourth but it might be a
comfortable fifth if if you could list
all of the US MLS teams would you end up
with basically a list that was just the
worst soccer teams in the world the
worst professional soccer teams but
would they would they coincide they have
a lot of the people that are on the
national team they get some Sun Bob yeah
but our national superstars from but our
national team sucks like we used to
yes Jack Jack will not be joining his
son he had something going on something
around it this is kind of a prompt to
anyway yeah yeah this wasn't planned out
this was just like hey you wanted let's
play the game hey you want to stream it
hey why not yeah come in town why not no
he's heard fish burgers
no don't hit it on that side oh my god
you have a right angle
don't you fair though oh thanks now the
way max out of the way
so gonna get over that use your racket
yo this game is so I love it when you
love something you just make the cute
voices get it you should use your enjoy
trying oh oh come here
c'mere ball come here boy come on
with some you lose some
one last game he scored the winning goal
little cars didn't didn't voice me on
their little shoulders and cheered
Oh what kind of other cars never
exempted yes fuck you gravity Teddy
Ruxpin although honestly if this was
like no gravity and they were like
rockets and they could like move in
every single dimension that would be
like
we're just yeah we're just having fun
this isn't like professional gaming
that's good because nobody on the right
mind would baby get it to nobody
nobody watches our streams for
professional gaming that's good
they might get it from anyway you might
you might don't don't worry you can jump
follow that little gray girl that moves
around
let's go too hard your car oh that shows
what the balls
big bulky big bag I hid why that focus
remember that focus is my ball you
didn't turn that off no it wasn't a
question
oh it was why not wh-why can I blow them
up if I just go behind ya and you use
the market yeah I have to build up a
little bit of speed while you're and me
doing but like like from try it
aim for one in four carb warm up the
ball in the net I never get tired do
they we have two controllers this is
this is Karen's first time playing the
game we're gonna let her get familiar
with it then we'll know what tried to do
then we'll do doubles Hey
you have fun for another minute 16
seconds and then I'll then I'll play a
game you can talk to the chat and I'll
play a game okay I'll play online people
people who are able to find me online
can play a game against me and then
we'll do doubles after that that's not
good
Oh
sukkah
Oh
I'm heir
you know you got you got it out hit it
out
deserve slow down though uh yeah the
other side this the side use for break
the other side is this side let's just
make me drive backwards well yeah but
when you're going fast you can use it to
slow down just don't like hit him out
yeah that's okay okay all right calm
down calm down talk to talk to people in
the chat I will play for a bit you want
lots of B kill decal hi life is great
when you can't trust the tap water need
to brush your to you since rich and
Karen are engaged can we call their
streams half in the bat sure sure
ballin game no then sound enough like
chain alright
I'm playing online remember the thing I
forgot don't panic though my towel don't
forget your towel you want to be a
Hoopoe fruit I don't know how this
friend requests stuff works so if you
can find me join it I know somebody
found this last time we stream this so I
don't know we haven't Saturday there's a
button you hit
thank you just this guy you know colored
weird recently first I think I said hi
there Karen welcome back Frank
to which I said thank you I just had a
little trouble he's like a mint green
had a little bit of trouble reading it
on the screen for a second some some
people might not see the comment you're
responding to some sometimes sometimes
it's obvious dead someone so says ah
a space cop wins the film coming out one
of done bang evident
half of the night don't you got anything
better to do well apparently we don't
your chat name is a hitchhikers right
that's how I prove rich has lost some
weight hitch has lost some weight
hitchhikers reference so there there
will be food there indeed you'll be
fruits
yeah well bother green it's utterly
impossible to see its attention-getting
oh your name is minty green isn't that
the guy from
dirty jobs
throw the whole bunch of bullets Cassie
the one work with a look where his
little girl was like Beth okay right now
the guy on TV Dirty Jobs
no no no no no no no no the guy who
wrote the book Dirty Jobs
no not Micro minty green is one of the
characters in the book dirty job
switches up I don't know he had the
wrong white bigger house I got kind of a
fantasy look up what up what books
you're like the book is a good book
it really is I gave it to somebody
Christopher Moore
and since the authors are usually better
at describing these things than I am
this evening well basically his his his
daughter is deaf and she's got like hell
doesn't anyone who plays rocket League
loaf rocket League it's adorable
it really is the one was the last 3d
games we played have you played any 3d
game well I played Marv Lego Marvel
superheroes they get to call or smash
and I and I finished I actually finished
when we were living down by Chicago
Indiana Jones a Lego Oh God okay my bad
and I played some Super Mario Kart
I remember Mario 64 used to make you
sick like motion second yeah I can only
play a limited
that kind of listen to be doing alright
for the moment
cameras
atomic anatomical palm that's cute
anatomical bow mom Karen um Burgess
fiancee yeah thank you just this guy you
know
Lego dimensions oh you fucker what's
like a dimensions uh I think there's a
new Lego thing that's kind of like a
Minecraft open-world build things with
Lego blocks game that's sounds
potentially fun depending on what the
interface is like I mean if it's really
cumbersome that might be annoying but I
really enjoyed the Sims and
rollercoaster tycoon and I'd like to
know when they're gonna come out what
they keep saying they're gonna come out
with like a PC like Laura coaster tycoon
4 and I would totally love that
this rollercoaster tycoon 3 is a great
game but it's got like Bill Clinton and
Drew Carey in it it's so old hurry do
carry still around well of course but I
mean it's it's it the game was made back
in the Clinton administration is my
point and he's not famous for the same
things he was back then but no no but
but my point is that that you know it
that that's like for most for
presidential terms ago it's like a 15
year old game at this point or something
close it might have been during Bush's
first term but it was
but they need to come up with her sequel
damnit
um I don't know if the roller-coaster
tycoon game was in III or not I know
that they released a game which I've
seen it got 400 views and it sounds like
just in-app purchasing nightmare
aversion but I haven't tried it for for
the mobile platforms but yeah I exactly
pay to win and all that but I mean just
oh you know I'd like to see a
continuance of rollercoaster tycoon
the PC version but but gather that that
pay to play and pay to win and in app
purchasing stuff it's just gotten
ridiculous I've got no problem paying
for a game but yeah just I don't like
being nickel and dime no exactly
now expansion packs are one things I
mean the sims took it sometimes to
ridiculous extremes but at least even
without the expansion packs the Sims was
a nice game even if you never bought a
single expansion cap pack it could be a
lot of fun and then you know there was
all the user created stuff well would I
suggest for a shy guy to do in order to
rule girl yourself
yeah unless you're just looking for a
one-night stand then definitely don't
for yourself yeah but if you want
something real
you got it or something yeah there's I
think there's somebody for everybody
we retired well or some people was no
okay there's a couple people we know
that I'm not gonna mention any names but
there's one that keeps pestering you
yeah what what what's my bag yeah anyone
who tries to break
you can see the sky no I'm not playing
it don't look it's got a city side
skyline is that rollercoasters in the
background there might be all kinds of
crazy things in the background just such
a part of a roller coaster
is Jay trying to silky no J's not trying
to scale Karen
I only know J is one of Rich's
co-workers besides he probably has a
girlfriend but I don't even know ah damn
it
speech top poster here in one bin amid
rich sign I'm sure there's some kind of
DNA on there to you yeah hopefully
finger DNA that's that's just sick so if
there's DNA on there do you want it
clone which
while we lost some guy hadn't seemed to
stop playing could you unlock the
Whizzer that I unlike the William at
which I'm not gonna use yeah I don't
like the wizard hat but you need like a
beanie that you can actually use to
hover around and fly maybe a pool at
your card and go swimming in so there's
anyone in the chat no I'm playing this
on Steam how do I get something going
with with steam friends how do we do
that how do we get you guys in here
don't you put me on your team we don't
know how I don't know how I D doohickey
too if you can you can instruct us how
to put you on our team we would be happy
to put any of you on our team in this
game we just can't figure out how
you're not asking me how to make friends
I've got like 200 and esteemed friends I
just don't know how to use them pick use
them you didn't use friends
that's just sitting back do nothing okay
because his create party down by your
screen name Richard Malcolm says stuff
sir Stuckey
somebody says sloshed from DuckTales
sir getting sloshed said that they won't
accept his friend request I might I'm
full I can't I I have no more room I'm
not being mean or rude my Steam friends
are full they limit it uh yeah all right
it's dumb okay create party here we go
it says you'd be due to local players
online keep in mind that I sucked choose
friends do and bashing I like just
beating up on the car I've got a big
empty list a big completely empty list
yeah it's just a gradient of a black
very black and gray gradient let me try
that again
everybody another something here
no message is not working
fine man's private man so you click on
private match would you try that
it says if you tried doing it to the
steam overlay rich do you know what that
is
see I don't I don't really I mean I
installed steam on my computer but I
haven't really used it too much
I've only use it for Lego Marvel Super
Heroes why it doesn't really I mean that
might be a multi-player way to do it but
I just don't
captain clue so G if you click on
private match it sets you on fire yeah
okay never mind
okay I think I know all right
I think it's gonna work there's got work
although I look like sort of like rich
except a lot shorter these long how
about the receding hairline Palin
brown-haired I am in online mode that's
impossible
that's unpossible it's telling me I'm in
offline mode when I know I'm I shouldn't
be there was Dino spumoni there was you
know four player games even bagged me
NES games
Dave NES days all right um I don't know
why that's not going online I'm exiting
completely fucking faggot exit you
reconnecting streaming to the inner
esteem to the Internet and it's somebody
says that they see you as offline yeah
it's I keep clicking go online ABA and
then it says restart offline though and
I click ok then steam restarts and it's
still an offline mode which is weird
that makes no sense hmm I don't want to
restart the computer because everything
you know the stream is all set up to go
here well how long does it take to
restart the whole thing if we just
disappear for a minute come back you
think that'll fix it I don't know I
don't know why it's doing this in the
first place it makes no sense
we have a rich recites poem - Karen
stream go online I don't know if rich
knows any poems by heart shall I compare
thee to a summers day thou art more
lovely er by far come on hold on hold on
you stupid steam alright the chat is
talking about whale boobs
I think whales have like fairly viscous
milk that they shoot it into their
babies mouths or something
nursing under understand under water
isn't interesting I never thought of
that because this kind of it makes you a
mammal and they're married yeah I mean I
wouldn't make no sense for them to have
like vestigial no it was kind of useless
know if they nurse their babies weird
and the first actually their first
concerned when they have a baby is
getting it up to the surface so it can
breathe friends is not available an
awful I know that I am NOT
I don't understand your stinger you just
don't get me man man you just don't get
me hmm let's try this again I'm done
trying it keeps turning itself into
offline there we go
we have people we have people we have
acheived people
okay so let's create party
who is who's in this game right
doohickey cos he's in this game
obviously I'm not inviting people who
are doing other things so if you own
this game and you're on Steam and you
want to play and you're one of my
friends turn on raggedly and if we're
not one of your friends it's because
steam won't let us have more nothing
Kirsten yeah I'm full
hi Thyssen if that's how you say that
all right oh my god one of my friends
here was actually playing raggedly
the invite was sin assuming he's still
on he was on earlier
why don't we saw the name mm-hmm and
this is Gary you're targeting high
richest fiance yes I know I know I need
to build badges to add more friends I
you don't understand how quickly my
friends thing fills up you only get like
five at a time
five sick friends lots of time
I was one of my son awesome alright I've
got some poetry for you you read poetry
Oh Fred old grunt fugly thy Mick
durations are to me as plural gabble
blotches on allergen be group i implore
thee my fatigue curling drones and hoop
tisha Slee drangle me with crinkly
bindle whirls or I will rend the in the
gobble warts with my blur girl crunchin
see if I don't what a fucker
so where's poem in the world goes on for
oh my god I remember this no yeah I
don't remember the bit I don't remember
what the actual poem was yeah well I
looked it up he was China he was that
where prosthetic vogon jeltz is trying
to torture Ford Prefect and Arthur Dent
with Zaphod the Vogon that Vogon poetry
famous for writing the second worst
poetry in the galaxy right is that the
deal
well no I think so
nothing worse can be heard by man except
possibly you and your issue it's good
here oh honey Piper
your charms
Oh
ah yeah that's it you get to be a red
car
well you get randomly assigned red or
blue margin loop and go either way where
the Knights who say me bring us a
shrubbery
learn my thoughts on bearded rich I like
it you know for years he said he
couldn't grow a beard and it came in
patchy but it is uh yeah we're gonna
block my angle guys wait up completely
cut out how in his 30s it finally seems
to be filled in nicely and I like it
tried I tried before never work yeah
poor he never really got past the
Indiana Jones stage before he started
looking patchy but but now it actually
fills in pretty nicely
the hair from the top of my head
migrated to my face yeah so you know say
I like even-even all sense no his red
beard the fire in here it's got a
distinct reddish tint which isn't isn't
surprising because dad's right
mother Sara my father's beard
and our asses kicked in making
getting our asses kicked mediocre it is
can I read out the speech and the
opening theme of Star Trek next
generation before
visit of wages
these are the toys with the Starship
Enterprise it's continuing mission to
seek out new life and new civilizations
for getting something here to boldly go
where no one has gone before
my favorite intro is still tales from
the darkside do that man lives in the
sunlit world of what he believes to be
reality but there is unseen by most an
underworld a place that is just as real
but not and Sprite we blaze a dark side
oh we're gonna rest the direct sight is
always there waiting for us to enter
waiting to enter us until next time try
to enjoy the day sing the voyagers
saying you know what I think I'm not
that big envoy interesting but not a lot
of people love it but how does it go I
can t remember how it's pretty close
right now
I'm more of a next-gen classic truck
kind of person although I would have to
go with the next gens being my favorite
team once there's something to be said
for da da oh I meant the show oh
definitely
oh yeah the classic truck probably has
the best theme song I like that's
Garrick to meet new and interesting
civilizations and bore them to death
with political drama yes food for your
brain god damn it it's not pew pew Star
Trek's for smart people like the stories
and not laser swords
it's flunking I spend a lot of time in
that cave yes I wanted to get their
money's worth out of that set you got to
make cheap Stevie yeah we can't spend a
18 million dollars every episode we'll
see that's why I like play like comic
book adaptations of these things like
the Batman 66 comic book they they have
like you know airplane action scenes and
giant walking plants and things that you
know you could never do on a 60s TV
budget but you can do them as a drawing
Roddenberry stole the rights the theme
song for the crate from the crater I
don't know dr. tellers it's there so
that it's possible I mean that said
right Mary wasn't a perfect human baby
that's that's generally unfortunate a
lot of the rest days I can't condone
that if he did but I really don't know
anything about it
I love Star Trek I don't necessarily
love everything about Gene Roddenberry
everyone who's ever had anything to do
in Star Trek rich-rich disses Star Wars
bites the hand that feeds it which grew
up a fan of Star Wars like most of us I
I like the original movies it was until
I started getting more familiar with
like the universe and whatnot that I
realized that it's not for me I don't
like I don't like the fantasy aspect
which has kind of become what Star Wars
all about like in the movies I love the
spaceships I love Java
I love the Vulcan I love Don solo yo-yo
died and I was mush Ibaka and AD Solo in
the in the lightsaber fights and Darth
Vader with his little evil villain bits
cuz he was like a robot man I don't care
about his magical powers a board games
he's a mate you have Bors Ames great
visual camera overhead you do a board
game stream when he just like focus a
camera on the on the floor
or on the cards if you're playing like a
cardboard game
enterprise steam is so bad yeah it's
definitely not the yeah but yeah I mean
those those the started Star Wars and
the twilight zone the hands
it's just timeless um I don't know
Oh quantum leap I was thinking about
that cuz the enterprise because Scott
back on ya Bakula like Dracula they have
a virtual tabletop simulator like for
like stick Lords on Steam there's a
table time I've never had it what kind
of what kind of game so that I could you
play like sorry or monopoly or you might
be able to like build your own sorry to
use I don't I don't really know I can
only have like checkers you want not the
Star Trek theme to the perfect strangers
intro video that's how it's interesting
I like that show we used to watch that
at dinnertime dad and what was the one
with the rerun and what's happening dr.
Sam Beckett never returned home yeah
didn't they just end it and then he
found he found God who was also a
bartender and then he just kept doing
what he's doing
oh never get to see his wife again
there's now yeah I hate at the end of
quantum leap
apparently the next leap never was the
leap home ACTA J dad was mean well at
least he didn't you know say we regret
the inconvenience and a giant sign hey
you know what I would appreciate it if
God did that that you know I that would
never go a long way to easing my beef
with God did you say hey God that's why
I'm an atheist
did you see the mean that I'm opposed to
the other day with with Marvin the
Martian and Marvin the robot Marvin
robot said Marvin the Martian that he's
so depressed oh yeah
show sliders hey yeah it's good concept
but they got too weird with it after a
while it was alternate universes where
history happened slightly differently
like they went to a world where Russia
won the Cold War I kind of think well
kind of like that one episode of Star
Trek there's a parallel
Ryker's stuck on a planet
like that's not really parallel universe
I was just oh that was just a duplicate
of Riker this is more our alternate
histories like well where we'll get
there what won't war - oh they have that
that's an Amazon thing good a date you
November they have a slider sliders is
like a group of characters in a segment
there was a science thing that would
take them to alternate dimensions they
adamantly couldn't find their own good
they're trying to find their way to
their own home we've all watched a bunch
of those Amazon pilots last time I was
up oh man the castle the man in the high
castle and the downward dog or whatever
it was or the guy was running a yoga
studio today and they decided if they're
gonna make any of those in the series
yet I don't know I really liked
transparent you see that one at all no
it's a series that an amazon original
series where the family patriarch
becomes a woman but it's it's funny and
touching and it's gonna go in their
second season this fall stirring on
what's his face from Arrested
Development the dad don't know I think a
sauna works a little actual TV
and when did we liven things up by
talking about the heat death of the
universe how do you feel about to heat
that from the universe
it sounds sucky but I'm probably gonna
be dead when it happens do you think
that's how the universe could end you
think it's gonna be the crunch what no I
think it probably will just lying down
which is really a boring way to go we'll
give me a secondary Big Bang the whole
space-time expanding bending thing is
kind of I don't know if it's beyond my
Ken or I just haven't thought about it
the right way a googolplex years after
he death yeah I don't know I mean how
did the universe get to be here in the
first place know that everything gets
set up for the Big Bang this again would
find intervention noticed it was that
you know who made that yeah
why is there a universe at all obvious
if there wasn't even be here talking
about everybody
deep freeze of death big crunch
the Stephen King fan oh god no great
premises horrible execution actually
they're asking me oh oh oh I thought
ideas turtles over that I'm a fan of the
ideas but just so long and meandering
most of the time they just seem to get
worse and worse that bike I like his
ideas that just don't necessarily enjoy
reading his books I want to like it
that's going in no no that carts got a
propeller hat it's awesome and I Anna in
a gingerbread man antenna
cute ooh I'm playin wait a minute huh
rich you read the dark tower Avenue and
I was at the stand
I understand great opening great premise
great opening and then did the meanders
firm like 700 pages of meanders and then
the ending just kind of happens and it's
the most unsatisfying ending that
anybody has ever written
they enjoyed Lauren but read read like
the first hundred pages great
Lauren Bewkes broken monsters as far as
horror movies horror books gone
he's like a serial killer it was like
taking people and animals and gluing
them together and some other weird stuff
Oh in addition to glowing people to
animals in addition to moving people the
animals yeah it's like there's spirit
that it's kind of cest the guy is making
it do the whole thing and trying to
bring about stuff
advantage getting in the rail
unless you unless you're a subscriber
for trying to get over your Dylan 37
that mean this room or what
oh that's that's the documentary step up
the training we watched it okay
you didn't care for it yeah and I didn't
really care for you here and some it was
a thing and that kind of documentary is
up our alley but that particular one not
so much
it's all on me I really like the one
about dead resurrect dad a planet you
burn oh the Toynbee time yeah that one's
really good
you know I was like sick time to explain
this cuz people know 23 times okay
there's some guy and I guess it started
in like Philadelphia or something and he
was they didn't really know who was
doing it but these who I saw one once
actually in Chicago I was I was walking
around downtown now there's this thing
on the street actually like in the
pavement these tiles and they're like
vinyl but they're like hot glued down
yeah they're melted into like the
pavement basically yeah and but what's
the message on the time um there's some
of money or other resurrect dead and
planet Jupiter twin be idea Kubrick's
2001 resurrect dead on planet Jupiter
and this is thing that's melted under
the pavement yeah that says this this
guy was like obsessed with like art with
Arthur Toynbee or whatever there is no
so with the 2001 Stanley Kubrick but
these things appear all over the country
and nobody know who is doing it's not
just in Chicago there in Chicago
Philadelphia in New York there's one
that what they found in Brazil oh my
gosh really offices were just showing up
and nobody know who's putting their own
how nobody knows what the guy who's
doing this like nobody has any idea
wow they take some raises so the peep
the person who raised it adamantly
thinks he knows yeah
okay that was one of the better
documentaries I've seen the king of Kong
was really good - the one about the
people who are trying to have the world
records for like King Kong and pac-man
and they're just cutthroat bastards
fucking going Mitchell Oh God cocksucker
I'm Jupiter
oh yeah fully killed the hitch by it
some of us some asshole bit I mean I'm
sure there are plenty of people in
Philadelphia think it's bullshit that
they killed the hitch but but why would
you take away something so many other
people are enjoying right from which the
hitchbot what's the hitch but oh there
was a robot that somebody but they built
in that oh he not yeah I think sad but
like why are you hitching a putt well we
say robot right listen robot okay not a
real bud sure but I do we say robot like
yeah I mean I guess it's not a blog like
bu TT but the hitchbot okay pixels
Terrell I heard a horrible things about
it of course some of the movies that I
like
I've got horrible reviews - but it's a
phantom salmon boots well that's never
prophecy
but yeah hitchbot was up was up a
robot's Canada yeah a man does for
cinema but xox does for my ass it's
hitchbot was a robot that was did it
actually do anything or do you think it
just had a fire yeah kind of camera I
think it had a camera yeah and I'm not
sure exactly how they communicated with
people where it was gonna go the idea
was that that the president put a
mannequin whether I go camera on a
tracker out on the street with a sign
that says hitch into whatever city yeah
see who would pick it up and how far it
would go wanting to track its movements
yeah and then they did it in a couple
different continent in Canada my
goodness our Europe and that made it
through it went through Europe and it
made it a little while in the US and
then you know it didn't philadelphia
some drunk selfish bastard destroyed it
oh they responded simple voice commands
and took pictures oh it did so hopefully
you know
well somebody will fund the rebuilding
of this thing a bigger better cuter
pitch Bob maybe with some better-looking
arms and legs maybe baby mace that
shoots out of its mouth but somebody
tries to attack it just don't go
anywhere near Philadelphia or any other
city in the u.s. the city of brotherly
love but I guess robots aren't brothers
everyone knows Philadelphia's for
answers it's common it's nice except for
all of our fans who were in Philadelphia
they're all French people I know some
nice people to pull it out of it I hear
it was like a football game we're like a
bunch of people beat up a guy dressed as
Santa Claus at least as far as sports
goes the fans are infamously jackasses
it's probably just a small minority of
jackasses forgive me everyone else bitch
sure sure
it's probably not good for
philadelphians either you know I don't
feel safe going to games in their own
city of people are being chanting ever
I don't think it did turn out the
hitchbot destruction was almost
I've not had one goal today oh the video
constructions oh this is terrible
I had one florists I was playing great
you're doing better than I am
I was playing in Ricky boy class people
real live human damn it
hitchbot is alive do not destroy no
number 5 is alive Johnny 5 how many
people actually remember that will they
get that reference don't run me man I
know it it's just on the tip of my
tongue
short-circuit yeah oh that was so
adorable
my favorite moving robot yeah Johnny 5
number 5 is alive baby well he had such
an expressive face I mean they'd be gave
him like eyelid yet he still looked very
much like a robot
yeah yeah mistake ibly robot but an
expressive robot more expressive than ET
really oh that much detail into the
rover suit
short circuit two is a better one
chicken - is good ones my favorite but
it's a good Sue's not bad it's good
series yeah it's better than a lot of
sequence you sure I think we'll ever
make a break
no because it's been so long they do
what other shirts are it'll be a blue
reboot and Johnny Five will look like an
iPod yeah so the route 3 bucks reboots
and he'll be voiced by Rob care golf
wait because fuck you
I did I don't know I meant out you've
seen it or Kara but I did see the
Deadpool trailer finally looks fun it
looks like they understand done well I
very much enjoyed the Deadpool killer
straighted classics classic me see those
where it was like he was going through
classic novels and like excitement I
don't know this it's it's an us it's a
series of Deadpool comics where he
travels through he's like trying to kill
the ideas upon cuz he keeps going to
different parallel universes I think and
and killing his rivals no just people
you know superheroes and stuff he's and
in he he's having a hard time it seems
like there's just so many universes and
so many of them that he wants to kill
the ideas the very you know fundamental
notions upon which these things are
based so so he starts going through like
classic novels and stuff and he's trying
to kill it you're gonna kill a little
women and then you know two pages later
he's stabbing Moby Dick in the blowhole
it's just yeah he's just you know easy
he's going through all the you know your
favorite classic 19th century public
domain work of course of course and just
brutally offing them I think my favorite
is the one with but for the cover where
he's gay
one we want us but it's harder winning
war he
right in the blowhole I'm kind of
surprised we even know who Deadpool is
well for a little while I had the Marvel
unlimited
subscription thing going on so I could
just read all the Marvel's column added
but admittedly me being me a lot of what
I read was stuff like black John the
Animal Defenders cuz no need to
apologize I'm a dark you like what you
like you don't like standard it's not
like it's more mature to like a standard
superheroes I mean I like I like the
weird stuff guys and tights who hit each
other well I did I did like Hawkeye I
really enjoyed that the Hawkeye stuff
but I liked lumberjanes and Batman 66
and Wonder Woman 77 that was common the
Bears odyssey's good then reading it
Odyssey
yeah I'm gonna become three many years
yeah but you lockjaw is better than the
desert Inhumans movie there might be a
problem okay yeah I enjoyed the jelly
and whoever else graphic novel in the
comic book series in like the late 90s I
think it was
their weird concept the image I can't
they were done well in that one
I know Steve Ditko had a stick up his
Aspen
Stanley must have been on the drugs
Stanley almost certainly on drugs I'm
making them that special 2019 Wow what
oh those Inhumans yeah scary thing is
that's only four years you know yep
where are old people yeah you know this
how I got rammed a human stuck it
depends on how they're handled tiny
turnover I mean that's my mother handle
tiny turned up it's just saying that
with a straight face I don't know how
you did it
the girl from agents of shield who's the
girl
I haven't seen I don't have I'd like I'd
watch TV
that's not streaming since rich took the
space cut part he's just in the kid okay
check now paycheck baby daddy gots to get paid.
Did Rich think he was elderly in high school?
Yes. 
I, I didn't know Rich especially well in high school.
We only ever had one class together.
Our, our social circles overlap, but oddly it wasn't until just after high school everybody started hanging out.
Yes.
We both ended up at the same Community College. 
We were friends in high school. We just...
Yeah.
We didn't have as much opportunity to hang out.
We knew each other by name and face, but, you know, neither of us drove, and we didn't live in the same subdivision or whatever, so, uh, same town even. So.
Karin was too cool for Rich. Karen wasn't too cool for anybody.
Um, I'd, I'd say that's true, though. That, that you were too cool for me.
I wasn't, I was not a snob.
You didn't act that way, I'm just, just socially, you're above me in high school.
No, I, I wasn't, I was never a snob or anything.
No, I'm not saying that. I'm just saying I was, like, lowest man on the totem pole.
Not that I gave a shit. I didn't care what anybody thought of me in high school.
Well, by high school, I didn't care anymore. I mean, junior high was torture, but I had my, I had my friends, and we were all a little nerdy.
High school is when I decided I don't give a fuck what anybody thinks about me.
Yeah. Oh, I'm your trophy wife, is what they're saying.
Yeah.
okay
Oh, nice save. Not that it matter, you're still getting demolished.
They said you got your education on the street.
Oh, yeah.
Oh.
Funny thing is, this is like Crazy Taxi. The car can never take any damage, despite the fact that...
They blow up occasionally.
Yeah, but then they're fine.
They get better.
Yeah.
She turned me into a newt.
Got better.
They never have any, like, crunches or anything.
Downers Grove?
You want. you want them to have an ab workout?
Is that what you're telling me?
From Downers Grove?
Slosh from DuckTales is in Downer's Grove?
Yeah?
That's not that far from where we grew up.
It's not that close, either.
Maybe 20, 30 miles.
I know the cemetery.
Did I have any classes with Mike Stoklasa?
No, I never did. I think Mike was a year behind us.
Mike was a junior when we were seniors.
Yeah, Mike Mike was a year behind us.
I had art classes with Mike.
That's how I got to know Mike.
Yeah.
And I, I only took art my senior year.
I, I really should have taken it all four.
I mean, it was terribly fun, like, okay, go outside and draw.
What could be more fun than that.
Okay, we're just gonna, you know, doodle all day.
We're gonna paint.
I mean, I, I loved it.
I should have taken it all four years, but I only took Art I.
Rich was, like...
Good job, Doohickey.
...the art guy.
What did I major in?
Prerequisites.
I, I wanted to major in geology, but I mean, yeah.
An in-transfer, but I, I never, ended up doing that.
Come back.
Make it.
Come back.
One more, and we're in this.
Rich majored in art, didn't you?
Yeah, yeah.
Art, and was it film design, or...
I, I didn't know what I wanted to do.
That was my problem.
I didn't have a solid plan for school.
I majored in, ooh, Len, Len Flacasynscki says I majored in picking up sexy boyfriends.
Rich. Rich and I...
So you failed that class?
Got kicked out of art for cheating in fingerpainting?
That's terrible.
Damn.
I love that little propeller on its head, or roof, or whatever.
Made, made the comeback, and we just gonna hold on.
I'm gonna take a little pee break, then come back and we'll play.
You go, you go right ahead, you urinate.
Void my bladder?
You void that bladder. Yeah, you go girl.
Tap a kidney?
Rich used his toes in fingerpainting to get through art class?
Could be worse.
Victory.
We did it everybody.
We won.
We dids it.
We go again.
How, how's everybody enjoying this, this stream, this fine stream?
We all know how good I am at filling time.
I'm only good for stupid comments when other people are talking.
That's all I'm good for.
And fucking up in rocket League.
Oh, cool.
You guys have a painting of the TV test stream. That's awesome.
We got, we have lots of things.
I know you do.
Oh, damn. 
I got blowed up.
Yes, Karin is very interactive with the chat.
She's, she's a good, fine, decent sociable person.
How she ended up with me I have no idea.
No idea at all.
I don't know how to interact with human beings.
That's, that's always been my problem, cuz, maybe shockingly for somebody who's on camera as much as I am, I'm very shy.
Very shy human being.
Damnit.
Oh, good.
No!
Yes, as he streams, that's why I said it's very odd.
But I do what I do.
Well, streaming is easy.
Okay, if I were, if I were sitting down in front of, like, an audience with a hundred people sitting down in front of me watching this, oh, this would be awkward as hell.
I, I, I'd be, flop sweat.
There'd be flop sweat.
But, uh, I can deal with this cuz it's me in a room with Karin.
I can do that.
What's up?
What's up, girl?
What's up, girl?
Yo, yo.
Oh, congratulations. That must be nice.
It's wonderful.
Nothing like a good pee.
Are you doomed because you learned all interactions by watching Rich Evans?
Yes.
Yeah.
Just give up hope right.
I was telling them how much a shy person I am.
Yeah.
It's true.
But you're a compassionate person.
You're a smart person.
Yeah.
You're a funny person.
You're a quirky person.
Nothing to do with me being, nothing to do with me being shy about it.
It's unrelated.
I'm saying it's odd that I'm on camera.
A lot of actors are probably shy.
Yes.
I, I have scored a goal.
Congratulations.
Good enough, smart enough, and doggone it, people like me.
that's active
Stuart Smalley
mr. du7 I lived off economics
irresponsible no I don't know what they
do these days I found the predicate five
years of someone for a part of us
do you think I never chose
you got a joke to tell your pals
surprised they don't have like like
snowplows on the front that should be a
different like shape to the size snow
plows in the United States oh yeah I've
been really fair somebody gets toe claw
you want to like use a tank you just
want this completely unbalanced doing
here no I just want Lily silly because
it's already kind of silly it's not
silly enough
it's pretty tough
the ball like disintegrates it explodes
yes then everything you the ball
have you seen the new friend Jessica
I have never good things though yeah
that's a big shock does the Fantastic
Four movie was gonna bother me battery
if I could have switched one question
why Wisconsin because red letters
openness because it because Mike and
Jerry would want to be up here
yeah there's no sense to me it wasn't
exactly a media hub but whatever if red
letter had been located itself and st.
Louis or something you'd probably be in
st. Louis yeah and you know Wisconsin's
known as a terrible place by any means
the winners are just slightly more
crappy than Chicago and summers are
delightfully not quite so hot how do we
not score there
if you're gonna be a transplant from
Chicago there you go going to Milwaukee
is theater nobody even notices
there's no culture Shack way there's one
thing but then you know what the
Coldwater fellers bubblers yes that's
the dumbest fucking thing I've ever
heard it's a little weird
do they mostly call it pop or soda I
believe this is so pay attention
Wisconsin equals dairy who doesn't like
cheese and ice cream cheese everyone you
know it's nice I like it only good
cheese in Wisconsin yeah but me if it
could be known for something you know
there's worse things the cheese Rhode
Island calls and boulders to I before
why there's no bubbles maybe some old
ones had them or something
butter is bubbling up yeah I can see
like a fountain like a decorative
fountain of water come novelties the
water fountains are like like kinda like
faucet faucet that the same dough
a Bruce this went for us breasts
Brussels sprout
I'm exiting out of this water bubbles up
I want to see if I can plant some more
people in the jug you my excellent
sounds different from the other riches
excellent sounds different for the
others a red letter media mics from the
same town we are yeah he has lived in a
number of places I think I just talked
funny honestly yeah and rich Mike and I
were all from suburban Chicago and in
Jason Illinois two rubber bands what do
we call rubber bands is there something
that people call rubber bands other than
rubber bands I think and you're about to
call mental aspects or something here I
think none of my friends play in Radley
except for that one except for Diggy so
i tried tried to get people in your hair
near Iblis I'm gonna pull me out why
didn't mike live in arizona remember
there was a reason somebody new was
there or something that was a long time
ago ten years or something can we add me
as a possible
no garage oh I think he was just looking
to get out of his present unless we
don't say Chicago I say Chicago well
some people might say Chicago but it's
Chicago to me and sausage my opinion of
seat cooks and you complain that your
car insurance is too high but you don't
want to wear a seat belt which helps to
keep people from getting really fucked
up and raising everybody's rates it's
kind of annoying that it becomes a
revenue source but wearing them is a
good idea
Illinois's Illinois do not pronounce
this oh that's cute car can't play
online you want playing against robots
you pick okay
or you come for what's easier easier be
robots all right it's better than robots
unless what people want to play with us
or something
you don't plan we'll see how much
all right I figured it was like Eiland
wha originally or something eun-hwan
yeah or do like the Illini Indians yep I
think so
those the ones who starved at Starved
Rock I don't remember there are people
in a minute we don't have to feel guilty
about that one because they were starved
out by other Indians it turns out it's
tough drag yeah there's a state park
called Star frock in Illinois and it's
about 80 miles maybe a hundred miles
west of Chicago yeah there's a group of
Indians who were chased there by another
group of Indians and trapped up on a
block it's like a siege warfare kind of
thing and they ended up starving to
death on this big rock yeah it's
overlooking the Illinois River it's a
big sandstone block the plane it's a
beautiful state burn oh right
I'm coming and no idea what's going on I
found the ball there's to go over the
orange balls by ours we want to get to
launch I don't think I'm not my back I
can't even factor
Oh God oh my god this got me Tara I suck
you suck we all suck everyone sucks
Fraggle right I'm not that familiar with
Fraggle Rock because we didn't have
cable and so my grab them have been with
us in my late teens she was getting up
in years
so I missed out at all all kitty cable
television be 19 and Nickelodeon
anything
yeah I didn't have Nickelodeon Sultan
has exposure to it
Oh your car go change my car got tagged
yeah you're driving no time come on my
same things I think that Kayla bogus and
girl I'm loose Kirk oh yeah yeah
micrograph cage oh I'm sorry that's okay
I must have accidentally had a puppy
yeah I told you I said it was a kid oh
I'm sure
Ashton want to be the van van fenic see
they own is need you pretend you to a
team I'd see I'd rather have it look
like the Mystery Machine man make it the
light blue all right
obey this forbid before we're done we're
gonna try and customize that car to get
the look what Scooby dooby ah hey
she pulled the wrong way what a welcome
and it gets disorienting
Oh wants to get a goal I came close
feels good
oh that can't be good
well I think it just exploded but he's
some jerk move up Derek
that was not lost
soft resolve rings attorney Weber Chris
never drive over a yellow thing
okay
Ironhead to do somebody up
there's somebody up kick they if they
can always that that that that that her
your training no I am NOT Mark Hamill
why he's got money then that career is
the Joker he's the be Joker fuck Luke
Skywalker
the offense is good
damnit
I think it's basically over yeah
get her on skype so they might need to
find a computer but kind of cater do you
need to run this I'm not sure I don't
think it's that bad
do you think if I put a solid state hard
drive in my laptop I could play it on
that um you try out my copy of it here
and see the works you might not have my
laptop with me I mean I don't think the
solid state will make them like me it'll
make the game load up faster but know
that I don't have much to do with how it
runs it might be fine yeah maybe I know
it's not exactly a gaming pair pop our
house it doesn't have a super fast
processor like sharp tune and your
mini-me
your gender swapped me
honey and ants think I'm interesting
things going on champ somebody want to
know what you think about Mark Hamill
voicing the Joker for Killing Joke I
think that's excellent
III I've never bought any of the DC
animated movies I just don't care that
much but I'd totally go for that I
actually might buy that one just just
because mark and Mark Hamill weren't
gonna be an Avengers shit
fuck you rich Luke Skywalker only became
the Joker because of his work on the
Star Wars films alright so what I don't
care how we got the job I I know him as
the Joker more than I know Luke town
that's me I know your source fan a huge
Star Wars fan that's probably different
that's fine I'm more of a comic book guy
and the game started
and I led a fairly movie movie deprived
childhood I mean in my in my
tween and early adolescence years I saw
a lot of movies at the dollar theater
but I'm all yeah but as a child my
parents neither neither believed in
renting movies nor had cable and it
wasn't a religious thing they just
didn't do it they just figured it was a
waste of money
do I have any hopes for Star Wars oh
yeah yeah that's gonna be a nostalgia
trip because that's what JJ Abrams is
gonna do as far as the story goes it
might be good I'd be more excited if all
the movies were going to have a coherent
vision but looks like there's gonna be a
new fucking creative team on every damn
film so I might be more I'd be more
excited if I thought that JJ Abrams is
gonna be behind all of the new folks oh
you haven't seen that Dali movie theater
since 1995 I don't think there are any
more dollars but how much is that that
one that's not to say I don't I've never
been to that Madison there are still
some budget theaters out there
I used to be a dollar that was a buck
fifty after like 5:00 p.m. so you know
our parents were always eager to I think
Mike's are Jurassic Park a bunch times
once I came out Drebin alligator
I mean it was you could dunk it and
there was an arcade across from the
theater too so you know you can dump
your tweens there and you know with five
bucks and you know chadmarco Hemel only
got the job in Star Wars because he's
starting Corvette summer so what
actually I don't know Corvette summer
might have better state a movie he
starred in that's all there is to know
the ball is worship the balls in the
worst possible spot than that
that was an for Star Wars all right that
was after Star Wars getting this arcades
- the only thing they have that even
resembles of us like those family fun
park things which are six or eight which
is great if you've got a six-year-old a
little awkward if you're like single
people
plus their six-year-old
ah they're fine if you're with them or
if they're yours more or less but you
know if there are other people's they
can be as a mattress if you want as they
want and if you say brooding over their
parents it'll fit so I'm good at missing
the ball I'm very good at that fully the
object remain one has not had the ball
which is way more than inflation
anything else we can play me this
displaying anything you want well she's
not bookworm
yeah let's place a book corn yeah I
don't know that'll work cuz you get you
get so into it you'll will spend the
hour staring at the same screen but
you're coming up with a perfectly word
but we'll do a little bit well do a
little bit of bookworm and we can we can
they can play with us we can all they
can't because they're gonna cheat
they're gonna use word scramblers not
everyone there's gonna be a few bad
apples Oh what else
Wow yeah my god woman
we play little done
and they believe anytime they want but
not change it shit
you're the carrot get it get it in get
it in get it in get it in getting her to
give it you we're a wall somewhere where
are you I don't even know I'm on my back
over there
don't use watching you bump around
unless then guess
it's not because it's gonna go on our
gold mousse
you can own the ballgame yeah but
clearly bookworm is a is a listen
they'll say yeah it is in the basic
format of like bookworm adventures you
specifically but you you defeat the
enemies by making all exciting stuff
yeah bookworm is also some
oh look at that look at the a distinct
this reflects play it was a good play
really great the great good sweet
yeah we're streaming streaming I cuz
Karen couldn't stream tomorrow and
Jack's not gonna be available tomorrow
so you know it's tonight or not at all
this is top tier unscramble words me
top tier yeah it is more in terms of
vocabulary than literary knowledge it
doesn't really require any literary
which if you could somehow memorize the
dictionary and there would be some kind
of savant and or just here's a computer
program that machine yeah no it's not an
NES game although it really shouldn't
require especially high processing you
could dumb down the graphics quite a bit
it was originally a PC game and then to
seek the two sequel there for both PC
games there are quotes available of the
original game for all we need how many
were yeah that's in a mess cartridge is
there a limit the words don't take up
much room over like ASCII text
all right return this up I'll turn on
the book one it can be an old-school
flash game this is all right I'm gonna
give you the mouse and then you're gonna
lose your mind play
