PokeWHAT!?! (Part 3)
July 29, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cxvanfp0j1w

I hit yes when asked me if I want to
change Pokemon of course I don't want to
do that I looked into it Hulu does have
stars Hulu does have Starz and Showtime
I I definitely looked into it it has
stars it has HBO it has Showtime that
could be a thing that happens and if so
I will not get Hulu Plus okay obviously
I will look into it before I buy a Hulu
Plus I know baby Slayer I know
sure sure yeah but you're weak to water
then I'll start using more potions okay
alright
this is Richard strategy it hey I really
thought he was gonna eat it at Brock but
he didn't yeah I ate Brock stick Lord
says you have Hulu Plus and don't see it
according to the Hulu Plus his website
stars is on there stars with the Z's on
there
you found a rare candy that makes any of
your pokémon evolve immediately yeah
but wait like wait until you know your
green evolve line is I'll show you don't
don't use it yet
we need to see or look at your Pokemon
right now oh yeah that one Pokemon no
not that no get out there back look at
your Pokemon now look at your Oh bother
yep a summary ah go to the next one they
go okay see how you see your blue bar
your experience bar so like if you use
it now basically that half of the bar
you've just wasted so what wait until
you level up and then use it right away
okay okay my girl that's not evolve a
new form that is oh did I save all oh I
apologize that were those me misspoke
II would level up yes I apologize for
the l we s end of course all the chat
and has heard me all the chat heard me
miss speak my name many apologies
what the fuck you know nothing about
Pokemon that's my I mean probably Hulu
Plus does not have any current
programming from stars only well past
content and not all of it what fucking
what - then how do i how the fuck do i
watch ash versus the Evil Dead I can
borrow your stars login that I'm I'm you
listen I might oh my god yeah people are
people are confirming that stars is not
putting new programming on a Hulu on the
old program but you can only get stars
if you already have cable it's a premium
you don't know oh no I mean you don't
have to do that you can get just a good
internet 59
oh yeah I don't know but like just good
internet cost like 3040 yeah that's what
I'm paying at home
hey Jack get ready to be picked up I'm
deleting Batman Arkham City in favor of
Metal Gear Solid 4 why am I being ready
to be picked up I don't get it picked up
I don't get it I get it
why'd you like Metal Gear that's fine
I'm not sure why don't why am I being
picked up what do we want from me huh
yeah that's what I'm waiting guys yeah
just I don't whatever I'm fine
rich does not have a good internet which
has free internet that comes with his
apartment right it's part of the reason
I got the apartment so I would have to
brief on the end of this before I knew
I'd be streaming right as far as
browsing the Internet and some mild
streaming and works just fine but as far
as uploading a stream garbage oh yeah
you tried that it's garbage
yeah
rich watch you watched a little bit of
Gotham right I didn't hate it yeah I've
heard good things about that Gotham
watch more Karen at some point mm-hmm
this is the infamous Team Rocket it is
they're gangsters rich so I mean so far
this is amazing you you're making it all
the way through Mount Doom here not
actually called Mount Doom with with a
single Pokemon and I think that's green
out that's great
you know what I think that's great
did you see they they gave a sneak peak
of new Batman DLC the the sneak peak cup
of good news couple bad news good news
is this next round of DLC is being made
by rocksteady by rocksteady but the the
backer one wasn't apparently yeah the
bad news is so far the only thing
they've announced is a bunch of new
skins and 2 race courses it's looking
less and less like the $40 is going to
be worth it we'll admit if wrong thank
you I also believe my kids are adorable
and yes that was a weird first twitch
comment but you know if that's the one
you got to make that's the one you got
to make rich is a savant when it comes
to Pokemon battles and says yeah so yeah
they're you know a bunch of new skins
you know we get the 89 Burton Batman
costume we get like the 90s purple
Catwoman costume some new Robin and
Nightwing costumes not like any of that
matter it matters but uh all they've
announced for as far as actual content
is concerned is to no racetracks yeah
combat CAMAC scene you should be sorry
for writing illegible stuff that and
that's I mean that's alright and that
happens it's been it's been a weird it's
been a weird pokey filled night you know
rich it's obviously a piece of a star
star everything on this planet
oh that's true patch my blood born Jack
yourself patch of blood-borne why I
fucking beat blood-borne huh
I do think about playing it again but to
be honest I'd rather play more Batman I
want to punch more people I am I am
gonna play yeah oh I want to be Asylum
first yeah yeah I'll get through Sam I
do I like literally I just playing
Arkham Knight just makes me want to
fight more people so I'm making my way
through all of them
I could revisit Dark Souls as you guys
know I'm not a super fan you know like
that as we talked about during the Demon
Souls and Dark Soul or not the doctrinal
stream but the demon soul stream is you
know the the world didn't necessarily
draw me in on those and I'm sure the
monsters get more monstrous as you go
through the game but you know I really
like the horror world of blood-borne oh
speaking of I know I talked about this a
while ago but I I finally got a chance
to sit down and read a book right well
you know in awhile that I've had just
some time to read a book and I read this
wonderful book called abomination and it
it almost reads as a as a but as a
blood-borne book it's set in the dark
ages and it's about like these monsters
that rip open from men's chests and
they're black and oily and bloody and
all I could picture was the blood-borne
yes yes idea and so if you liked the
monster design and blood-borne I
recommend you go read abomination neat
little book fast read - which is nice
abomination joke has been accepted yeah
yeah abomination from Gary Whitta that's
who it is from book places it's a book
yeah I'm sure it's on the Kindle I'm
sure it's on everything oh sorry no this
is a real book it's a real book that you
can get anywhere like this isn't one of
those weird like you have to go to this
one guy's blog and download a PDF it
could be you're right you're right the
abomination is a real book that you can
get anywhere books are sold and and it's
fun it's a nice it's a nice read nice
story every you can't get any work
because just constant random battles
popping up
that's another Jeremy do you think I
can't fuckin stab did you get any repent
did you get a new repel what's a repeal
repeal means that I did not pokemon dumb
Bobby but I guess available at book
places near you right hello Draco Gary
Whitta says from Twitter right now have
rich play quest for glory what it's
great okay well then there you go Gary
Whitta once said that Cowboy Bebop
there's a republic monster Jack yeah yes
he's going to be very weak to fire he's
a grass-type and he'll be very weak to
fire yes he will find him very easy to
be like you should also be glad that you
didn't pick up like either of the other
two starters you might have had a very
different experience do you have any
either okay I don't think scratching
things to death will make that much of a
difference
jack is that the same Gary Whitta that
helped write the screenplay after earth
the M night Shyamalan movie ooh maybe he
did he wrote the book The Book of Eli
that turned into a that uh who was in
that movie the who was in the movie The
Book of Eli the the very handsome black
actor older black actor do you remember
this movie richest guy rich has got
nothing
rich has got nothing
someone help me Denzel Thank You Denzel
Denzel Washington movie he wrote the
book The Book of Eli which I did not
read and I didn't see the movie because
I figured out what that there was gonna
be a twist ending and I didn't much care
but I liked I liked abomination it
wasn't like I left reading the book like
I wanted a whole lot more of the book
like I wanted more characters and I
wanted I wanted more a little more but I
think that's how you're supposed to feel
after you done reading a book or playing
a game I was like oh I'd like to do this
more so he wrote he oh he also wrote The
Walking Dead video game oh is that true
so there we go yeah have a jack or rich
have you played any of the trials games
no what's that me neither of us have is
that the is that the the
motorcycle-riding game I think quest for
glory
I'm sure about streaming that because
there is a grinding element
oh yeah it's one of my favorite serie
adventure games Wow oh yeah you
mentioned that yeah you mentioned that
it's more RPG ish it does have the same
kind of puzzles but you want to like
sneak around something you need to like
spend half the game using sneaks oh okay
okay
oh no piece of train what am I saying
that's not factual some of and some of
it I'm I'm repeating what the chat is
saying and some of it I like I'm the
book abomination it says from the author
of book of Eli
so that's the only thing I know for true
but what else am i saying that's not
factual and help me try oh trials is a
motocross game but apparently it's
ridiculous so great okay
that
that's about casting
thank you yes tard core provided a link
to the book that is the correct link to
the book that I read that I enjoyed
that's okay
I can't wait for the Pokemon telltale
game
I would love a Pokemon telltale game
because this is boring I don't know if
you've noticed but rich has not been
having a good time yeah and then you go
to the next area where you hit a so so
far in this fun Wow Oh what am I gonna
do what am i doing oh my God look at all
the strategy and tactics so basically
this tactics this real rich had made
some assumptions
oh you're heading back to the entrance
yeah heal and see if you can find a shop
to buy some stuff so you can like refill
halfway through rich had made some
assumptions about this game and other
RPGs of the like oh well and this was
going to rich where we're not
assumptions what do you call what do you
call it when you when you make a guess
but it's off of the information you have
available
you made an educated guess off of the
information available and and and it's
exactly right almost as if you kind of
knew what to expect the keep it name
this tactics my tactic sir mmm
riches riches basically the greatest
pokemon master of all time he figured it
out you have one incredibly powerful
Pokemon this that's JRPGs use these use
the Power Move repeatedly repeat huh
and also what like where are you in this
cave I think you need to go away go
right and down to get out of the cave I
think press triangle to even the odds am
i right am i right am i right
that's right Pizza train or whatever oh
yeah it's that little yeah yeah I keep
getting these annoying things
you yeah so you need to get you need to
get to a shop and then by some repeal I
don't know I don't know oh oh my god
that's the worst criticism
well you know my story in coming into
Pokemon is a little is a little
different so here's I I also was too old
for the Pokemon craze when they get when
they came out in fact the first time I
ever picked up a Pokemon game was after
high school I was working at a used
videogame store and it was not a very
busy store and so we would watch movies
or play video games while the cousin
while there were no customers around
there was a small independent
independently owned video game store
actually we press Start and check your
inventory after you're done with this
and you can always run from battles if
you don't feel like fighting yes okay
and one day while working we had you
know a gameboy advance and I think I
played it was pokemon red or blue it was
one of the original ones and I just
started playing it because Pokemon I
just knew it was around you know and I
started playing it oh and I was getting
paid to play it I was literally getting
paid to play Pokemon and I saw that I
enjoyed it only because I was trapped in
a store with nothing else to do
it could have been very different
circumstances under any other under any
other situation but you know so I fell
in love with it there was one point in
which I had a full 20 hour game in a pay
period which meant that for an entire
week of pay like I was getting I was
getting paid to play pokemon half of my
workday was playing pokemon it was and
so like I fell in love with it just
because it was all I was playing at the
time and I don't know I got into it I
also played it very differently than
rich I was building up my teams I was
falling in love with all the little
monsters
so it was it was a very different
experience which yeah rich obviously
does not have a taste for and that's
that you know what it's exactly and
that's fine I'm enjoying the slight a
bit of torture and you know what we're
having a good jad conversation because
you don't have to think about the game
as soon as he gets out of here like I
think this is a frustrating part you see
we need to get out of the we need to get
out of Mount Doom
you're right I should just start handing
rich dollar bills as he plays like a
dollar a minute then he would really
enjoy the game I know someone help rich
it's been so long I've even forget how
well you have to find the right ladder
okay and to find the right ladder I'm
fourteen levels above everything else
because the proper strategy is just to
use the same Pokemon and do the same
attack over and over again hmm it's so
far it's been working make rich play
Mario RPG I don't know
I don't know about that rich does not
like turn-based I don't like this kind
of turn-based he does not mom is
entirely don't you know don't lump like
something like XCOM uh-huh and this
together yeah master Brian Howey
different beasts from this JRPG hit the
button in the menu do the same thing
over and over again until the other
thing dies rich rich doesn't like he
doesn't like the Excel spreadsheet the
words you know like strip the cover of a
strip to cover this guy mmm-hmm that's
thinking and Caesars you know what the
strategy I employed early on and
something you need later on is chaining
attacks properly you know there are
certain things that like make an enemy
attack weaker that lower its defenses
sure and that's I think that's helping
you now I can't imagine you you'll get
very far with that strategy you're
getting a lot farther than I thought you
would we're gonna see if you can make it
past the next Jim with a strategy this
is my this is a real test no prize for
you
Jack maker explain more games in genres
he hates I know I will I will only
because it amuses me not all the time of
course not all the time this is
something with that I've been wanting to
play for a while really just an excuse
to get the GBA adapter so I can play it
more I think that this is the real thing
I do I really think that eventually rich
will hit a wall of difficulty and
because he hasn't been using a more
diverse strategy he'll hit a wall but to
defend a Rich's position so far the game
has not forced him to change his
strategy and in a good game that that
would come naturally
early on he should have hit this wall
earlier I I want to believe you'll hit
this wall but but Richards right he
might not and if if the the
diversification strategy is important
which anyone who's played pokemon knows
it is he should have hit this wall
earlier and he hasn't yet so so I'm not
saying it's the game's fault what I what
I'm saying is perhaps us who play
Pokemon have given the game too much
credit we've taken it at the games word
that we should vary up our tactics and
never never pushed the boundaries
or he's a I'm not grinding I'm looking
for the exit
yeah oh I think that might be it that
might be our Oh bother is these random
battles pop up fucking constantly I'm
not trying to grind these these these
games are just obnoxious not just
pokemons I'm fired about JRPGs oh yeah
and we're getting some people chat
saying that Pokemon pokemons diversity
is not important it's an illusion Rich's
strategies works
if you use your starting Pokemon all the
time you win without problems huh
I don't yeah maybe then I've just been
I've just been uh creating the challenge
for myself that could be and other
people are saying to be fair it's a
remake of the first game they get better
teaching you the diversity in the other
games
it's for children it is for charge it's
meant for children I shouldn't be
playing this Oz Mike says Jack I bought
spelunky during a Steam sale I had
originally thought that you were bad at
playing the game and used to wonder when
I watched your streams thus far I
haven't made it past the third level of
the game it isn't that easy and I've
beaten all of spelunky well we're bad at
everything I'm hopefully you're having a
good time spelunky is a really great
game once you get into it but yeah you
die a lot that's just bull unki there's
no there's no getting around that
we what what Leisure Suit Larry game did
we play a bit we played it a little too
and it didn't it wasn't it was not that
that we played a little of leisure shoot
Larry - and it was not a fun play we
tried to play that one because that was
one that rich hadn't played before
police quest was great someone sent me a
link to a game like police quest made by
the police quest guys yeah that's about
like a spy yeah and a submarine or
something like that
I believe it's a sexy tape so I have it
saved but uh but it looked it looked
right up the police quest a lien fact
this was supposed to be a little harder
than police quest but also like you
needed to follow very specific
procedures like in police quest so I got
that on me you need to play list
oh that's it code name Iceman have you
heard of this no code name Iceman a
Sierra game made by the same crew that
did police quest so very excited Thank
You cinnamon yes
have you played have you guys played
home star runners quests poof peasants
quests we have not but I like homestar
runner so perhaps okay
and they keep on saying you need to keep
you need to play the original XCOM that
game is great I played it I just we
haven't streamed it oh okay
I'm in love with the new one I'm sorry
yeah there's things I love about the old
one but the actual tactic combat itself
yeah I prefer the new one oh the base
stuff is more interesting okay mmm like
you you can build different phases not
just the one
and sometimes the aliens can find them
and they will invade your base oh man
the base that you actually layout
yourself the alien you'll have like a
tactical battle in there that is
probably the single best thing about old
XCOM that new XCOM doesn't really have
an equivalent of no nice okay cool
Ritchie's getting there he's getting out
of this fucking cave I have not played
myth I heard you talking about it
earlier I thought you're talking about
miss and I was gonna say mrs. awful yeah
but there's an other Team Rocket go out
there do I need to find him fuck this
game is so interesting but talking about
X comma yep look XCOM is interesting
then more interesting than every other
game ever made I'm sorry you're nuts you
think this is so boring we have to talk
about it X come no no fuck off and
you're just trying to goad me but it
worked it worked fuck you die we we and
we do know there is an ex-con board game
it looks very unique I've heard very
mixed things about the XCOM board game
and the thing I've heard over and over
again is that the learning curve is deep
and so I have not gotten it because I
can't imagine putting in the time oh so
you just leveled up so you couldn't use
your your magic level of candy now if
you felt like it okay
the rare candy oh my god oh you have you
have a lot of stuff actually well not
not a lot of stuff let's see what you
have you you ate the candy please tell
rich to look at the options screen why I
need more information than that actually
wait okay I just want to see what items
you have oh yeah go back to your bag can
you go up potion antidote paralyze he'll
escape rope moonstone revived okay okay
great
yeah we'll do another prereq board game
spectacular hey well what do I have to
even do in here I'm assuming I need to
get through the other side to find
another gym yeah you need to get through
the other side you're doing you're on
your web you you are on your way out
you've now found the correct exit it'll
be a shortcut to get through here next
time I have to go through yes yeah
eventually remember you you ran into
that tree earlier and it said that you
could cut it down eventually you learn
cut and then that's kind of a shortcut
okay
oh no this guy the RET of the red oh
you're fighting a racket you're fighting
a racket yeah no there's there's a
really fun game I want to play with rich
our setup in here isn't the best for
gaming so we need a taller table to play
on just so rich doesn't have to bend
over all the time to play board games
here but there's there's many board
games that want to play so yes we will
do more board game pokemon is a ripoff
of Garbage Pail Kids here correct fuck's
sake
Jack in the options he can change the
mode where it doesn't ask him every turn
if he wants to switch Pokemon oh okay
well that's good to know
marm when is there gonna be more
multiplayer streams that when we have
more multiplayer games where is this
option I don't know
and I'll see this option I think you're
wrong I don't see you know on battle
style over battle style set I think if
you if it's bad a style set is that it I
don't know
no great yeah see if that works
okay we found it thank you battle style
is set I we we I very much enjoyed our
affordable space adventure extreme I
would like I would like to do another
game like that where it's a two-player
cooperative instead of two player versus
I think to play versus gets old like our
what are the games did we do what was
that called um towerfall ascension that
was a fun game yeah that was a
two-player co-op I remember that that
was very that was a very good time so I
mean we'll keep doing that sometimes
it's hard like when Jays here you know
we like the talkee talkee and so it's
better if one of us can just kind of
mindlessly play a game while the other
two talk and play a game mindlessly yeah
well that's why I chose this game
because I wasn't sure if you know my
two-pronged plan for Pokemon was one if
Jay wasn't here it'd be a nice fun thing
to talk about how much you hate Pokemon
and why and if Jay was here we could
play it mindlessly and have a chat so it
was a win-win either way yeah you can
choose and eventually you can give them
to scientists and they revive them and
it turns into a Pokemon
when is Jay here he's here sometimes
he's here sometimes not all the times
but sometimes so what level do you need
to be before the pokeyman evolves it's
different for every pokeyman the
charmander someone tell me when does
Charmander evolve into the months
instead of super mega dragon yes praise
helix everyone praise helix
32 to turn him into the super dragon so
you're close all right now now they're
saying 36 what are you know you're 28
you're 26 Oh bother wants to learn mega
punch Oh bother already knows 4 moves
should a move be deleted in our place
with mega punch sure do I want mega
punch you can now you now you can look
up what it does so go down to mega punch
fo is slugged with punch thrown with a
muscle packed power it has a power of 80
which is pretty high but only an
accuracy of only 85 so it's very strong
but it might not hit every time you
never use growl anyway yeah it's
basically you're right it's a mega dick
punch left to have your beefcake mega
dick punch okay
super dragon
yeah
holy crap 120 power but it's only 75
accuracy riches thinking rich is
strategic does that cost me any of the
that PP stuff to use see how it says
five of five so you can only use it five
times before it only has five moves
where I was making a bunch of twenty
movies yeah yeah
I can't expand him to have no yeah moves
he only gets four slots forever you get
twenty uses of that I am pro a pros and
cons rich I'm thinking second it'll cost
some PP if you get mega kicked in the
dick you're right I think that's smart
you know a seventy-five percent accuracy
that ain't that ain't the best it's not
terrible but like exactly this is the
thing there'll be something powerful to
use against like something I'm weak
against is my thinking oh sure but
there's no guarantee there's no
guarantee that a land is the thing
you're right rich is thinking for the
first time in this game couple hours
I don't think we've played I've played
Smash Brothers on the Wii U on the
stream yet I don't believe we will
sooner or later
I haven't played I have not played Smash
Bros in a long time
just because we've been doing other
stuff but we will
well I should have gotten the Nuzlocke
rum you're right Oh bother that would
have been that would have been fun the
Nuzlocke rum is the thing that if your
Pokemon faints it dies forever and you
can't use it again
the Nuzlocke rum it's an added thing to
the game not not anything in the game
garden get out of your garden
Berger
you caught a bunch of strong and smart
Pokemon rich Bunch
whole bunch he comes burger
do-do-do-do-do it's not difficult until
it is I'm not convinced that's gonna
listen I like I like the experiment this
is the fun for me is I like seeing how
far you can take this you can you can if
you if you press it yes you can look at
what it does and then choose not to okay
I'm gonna get back up I'm gonna make a
bunch squirtable you know what rich I
never thought I would hear you say that
fucking down with my mega punch squirtle
that shit squirtle did fucking thing
called Abra that camping
fucking hell Ridge oh no you beat them
all rich okay well rich Evans the pokey
man's master oh yeah I am you know what
I I'm a little jealous of riches a
pokemons scale here oh yo they're all
yeah there's a little section over there
where you can get an Abra that's the
first area you can get an Ambrose oh the
cat thing oh that cat Pokemon kind of I
need the cat Pokemon is kind of a big
deal big mystical Pokemon he's the first
psychic type you find very pretty
powerful if you find him early on so
it's a team but they're not not not big
not a big deal rich rich didn't know
about the about the mob here he's going
he's going back
what's sgdq schools quit ik I don't know
if I've seen that yet
so when is rich gonna get his shit
pushed in
it looks like never it looks like he's
just uh punch to the end
no he's just mega punching everything
that's this is it Oh bother
the Charmander 36 or 32 I forget you
know he's he's kind of kind of
demolishing everyone everyone is still
saying this the second gym is misty the
second gym is misty the water type
master and so this is what they're
saying they're saying he's gonna you're
gonna do you're gonna get it here rich
this is the big wall moment we are all
we want to believe it for us rich
pokemons pokey man's means so much to us
maybe next I'll go watch some
Teletubbies
it's weird it's weirder than you think
all right here we go where was it it was
to the right that is okay all right
yeah Maximillian talking go away go away
go away okay he can probably take on
these the you know the pushovers the the
the minions we'll see what happens we
will see what happens
rich is a champ in the making he's gonna
be the very best like no one ever was he
doesn't care about catching them that's
not his real test to train them is no
okay
uh-oh here we go this might be it the
end is nigh
you just got confused bro oh you okay oh
who would missed again okay
oh no could it be happening already
mega punch is Oh bother is confused and
Oh father used mega punch oh oh I see
spear Icicle spear not doing a terrible
monster not opening not helping shelter
and then shelters dead okay great
I like that no funeral fee the wall not
yet these are just minions fine okay
sorry
you know what you know what I do the
same thing that's fair that's a fair
strategy you can you can fight another
minion or you can go right to misty if
you want up into the right you're gonna
go with straight from misty you're gonna
fight the other minion what's what's the
plan here oh my god okay you know what
these are these are mad strats these are
leet strats from from pokey master rich
Evans here rich is awaited in Valhalla
riches Charizard it will be shiny and
chrome forever yeah yeah you keep going
around in a circle but that's fine
okay strategy time so don't talk to her
on the number one obviously that's misty
yes he just healed two HP but he got all
of his peepee back I'm sorry I'm gonna
do it again after this there is no hope
people are just saying there is no wall
it's a lie we told our childhood selves
that's possible we got too caught up in
the games lie we didn't expose it for
what it was oh wait
it's gonna tail with you look at that uh
look at that you've got green and shit
in Chrome yeah you're a little more
powerful now oh oh and that's it you
defeated her yeah yeah tail whip tail
whip what are you thinking go right for
yeah oh my god going right for go right
for this is it everybody this is the
moment we've been waiting for we've been
hoping for the second gym leader a
water-type strong against riches only
pokemon he has a full team of other
pokemons
is that this is it is now or never
Oh bother
oh not okay let's see what happens here
we got one counter-attack oh it's super
effective
almost half of Rich's ex HP or whatever
the fuck it's called down another MIG oh
oh this could be it
star U is recovering a bold strategy
star me regains some health what willow
bother to mega punch but by oh okay oh
oh star me is taking a recover strategy
instead of attacking instead of
attacking that's fine let's find
delaying the inevitable possibly waiting
for Oh bother to mess to miss that's
that's a fine fine strategy you have
potions up the ass but remember you know
you can't potion takes up a move and a
potion only regains so much health rich
you know really rich is waiting for a
critical strike could end star meas
recover and of course as she could just
be wearing down the mega punch PP but of
Korean the 11 PP lives on the plenty of
time here most army is uh-oh and we'll
finally have an attack we finally have
an attack 12 another water pulse oh my
god what is rich gonna do does he
recover he can't recover
oh and he's confused this could be it
this could be it
what do we do what do we do do we try to
fight do we try to heal I think your
potions only heal you about 20 points
he's going for the mega punch but he is
confused and Oh bother
used mega punch
oh my fucking god he did it is there one
more
you defeated leader misty by mega
punching the shit out of everyone with
six health left all hope is lost
rich is the pokeyman master suck it rich
is the greatest pokey man's player to
ever have existed rock paper scissor my
ass just raped your fucking scissors mr.
Evans
tear down that wall nice oh my fucking
god I think that's a good place that's a
great place questioning everything I've
ever known about Pokemon is a great
place if you I mean if you would have
missed if you would have missed that
punch it would have been all over that
was a gamble but you did it holy crap
everyone holy fucking crap I came to
stay do you believe in miracles there
you go that's true when you're confused
you can hit yourself I was that's what I
was waiting for use a potion yeah then
I'm just gonna heal again or hit
if you use nothing if you use the potion
and he hit you with another water pulse
he would've been dead
because the water pulse did almost no
potion only heels 20 I think all right
bud
now I listen bold strategy you did it
you've ruined pokemon for so many people
congratulations on your victory that was
wonderful so let's take a moment here
and thank some subscribers we have a big
list of subscribers here you owe me a
second
oh yeah and you received a TMO 3 in
which you don't you don't care about
that ok let's see here we have the
binary Sun sir Hilary man fat ace gigolo
Raymond the wise OC of noise my turd
green what my turds green the real Quade
space Comeau
my turds are deserts a green lakin
Proserpine max
madryn Theodore J hooker to viewers
oh they researched my though we were way
X Mensa it's fish bus gobbledygook s--
pizza train 11 lolly battle machine
three to two urban vermin and boron
brings knives to gunfights yes and a
samurai mallcop thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it it's true we
really do and thank you for sticking
around for all of the horrendous
technical problems we had for the first
probably hour of the stream huge huge
turnaround and I think it was worth it I
think all of the technical problems were
worth it for that stunning victory over
misty that horrible cunt Star Trek
reference had to read alright that's
better well thank you all for coming out
thank you to all the new subscribers
thank you to all the old subscribers and
thanks everyone else that was a glorious
time doo doo where's my mouse
