It's a Mad Mad Mad Mad Mad Max (Part 2)
September 2, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G8JrmnDfE6Q

I can't spoil Metal Gear Solid 5 yet I
have not started playing I got it on
Tuesday and haven't really felt like
playing it Tuesday was for work today is
for Mad Max yep when tomorrow I'll
dedicate some time to Metal Gear
yes tomorrow is a Metal Gear game day I
was working today I came really close to
finishing the new previously recorded
episode today which I'm very excited
about turned out alright it turned out
alright due to even even though I had
low expectations up that should be out
soon
I'll have to talk to Jay to see if they
have anything coming out they might no
no actually I don't think they do have
anything coming out this week so maybe
this week a new previously recorded nice
tomorrow or or Friday
depending on how fast I can I can clean
up the sound and record some gameplay
footage that's where I came in from and
I think I'm not going to tell you what
the new prereq episode is on we haven't
told you yet yeah it's not like it's
super shocking no actually at this point
is probably a wet dog you're sure that's
why I'm not gonna I'm not gonna say it's
oh yes raggedly I just said we shouldn't
tell a fine it's fine we're doing one on
rocket League cuz I'm gonna see tomorrow
it's raggedly - his pants you got to
tell him at that point but we use it to
talk about multiplayer in general yes
yes
rich brings up some really fine points
on multiplayer gaming his problems with
them and what rocket League does to
subvert those problems we talk about
some really fun some really fun ways
that they handled bare-bones
simple gameplay design a lot of showing
not telling in rocket League so
they're gonna go when did we play rocket
League yeah we never play rocket you
loved it you guys loved it rich and I
loved it more like that's that's one of
the things is I mean I need to record
some very specific rocket League moments
and so that'll be my tomorrow morning is
like oh darn I have to play some rocket
League to record some very specific
moments for the episode so
oh just darn doing much better
let's go around yeah yeah well you got
into the fully I think I think you know
it's more difficult to play in stream
but I also think that you can find the
rhythm of kind of talking and playing so
that stop right there that is very time
hearty to me some of you can find a
scene in the movie where he stops on
someone or something exactly like that
yeah oh I'm sure they use that as
reference yeah looks like there's some
was some of time hearty some of Mel
Gibson oh that's really fun I think I
think visually
he's face wise he's some mix ah maybe no
I think he's new he's kind of he's got
an ugly mug so maybe a little more Tom
Hardy little bit Mel Gibson II I mean
you know they don't I don't think they
had the license to use his face so you
can't make it look exactly like him yeah
got a new thing
thank you for who's a Raider I got
gloves spikes now I got gloves spikes
rich have you played the story mode and
rocket League yet the Blues inator
thinks they handled cutscenes really
well
uh-huh that's really funny yeah jazz
jackrabbit what what about the Paul the
plot twists in rocket League no no the
rocket League episode I think right now
is is capping out at 17 18 minutes do we
want oil squirt all over our face yes we
do yeah all right you got oil spirit all
over our face does it do anything or is
that just because it's cosmetic I yeah
yeah you're a dirty motherfucker
and that it probably won't end up being
that long even it depends on I have
placeholder placeholder things in we're
gameplay footage will go so it all
depends on how long the gameplay footage
is it's not it's not very long
Serge exe the rocket League ending truly
we are the rocket League I could see
that
broccoli day ending is yeah you won yep
okay
Mel Gibson played immortan joe chatted
what if I'm distracting he should not
have been in that movie will Gibson a
cameo would have been distracting yes it
was it was the correct decision not to
have him in the movie the ship with his
personal life aside and how people feel
about him I mean even if none of the the
the racism weirdo stuff happened it
still would have been distracting yes
that movie wasn't a movie that that
needed to winkin or not it was it was
hardcore brutality and and the fun wink
and the nod and the midst of hardcore
brutality gronkle it takes you out of
the heart it takes you out of the
hardcore brutality even if it's just for
a moment then you then you say to
yourself oh I am just watching a movie
and that is a thing I know from a
different movie I watched no fury road
is perfect just the way it is we should
all just instead of instead of thinking
about what could be we should just take
a moment and study how perfect it is
yeah
oh my god there is deep conversation
about art and the business of something
are you guys talking about art and video
games and being forced out of it or this
matter for art movies art movies in
cameo and art and how that would have
ruined art yeah you know it would have
it would have ruined the vision I
promise you to grab one of those
could've ruined the vision I think you
know as far as like art and video games
and art in movies it's all the same
thing which is the your you're gonna
find the the high art stuff in the
smaller things in the indie games and in
the smaller movies that's where you're
gonna find the real heart and ours and
our tourism and the thing we should all
be very grateful for is it is now
relatively easier for a small team to
make a video game to make a small video
game to make a small movie oh my god I
felt did not mean to jump
hello you live when you fall too and I
think that's a really great thing like
there you know if you want you could
learn how to make a video game and you
know make your vision and I think that's
great and I think at the same time
you know we're getting this kind of art
being sucked out of bigger video games
but that doesn't matter because we have
all the little stuff
but also I am fairly optimistic person
so I just believe in the power of love I
believe in a thing called love this
listen to the rhythm will be hard you
know I think you want you're you're not
you're probably not gonna find a lot of
high art and you know the new Call of
Duty tile or maybe you will play some
smaller games you're gonna get Deadeye
Kevin Spacey but the dead eyes
represented America turning a blind eye
to the war on terror
no the Dead Eye is just represented dead
eyes dead eyes that's right atomic Lich
we hear remind everyone that anyone can
make a movie even Schmucks like us can
make a movie Hey I didn't want to go too
high with with my with my singing I know
he sings falsetto but I'm not in a very
falsetto a kind of place right now okay
good
oh that one I believe anything go oh you
know what this is a good segue speaking
of art and stuff
speaking of art and stuff oh let me find
something pause for me finding something
long pause this is a long pause it's
true lenka Basinski does get his movies
distributed you can do anything anybody
can do anything the the thing is you
have to do it
you don't try you're not gonna fail but
you're never gonna succeed what's that
dumb quote you miss 100% of the shots
you don't take
yep where's this thing I've had this
thing sitting in my email forever now oh
hold on I'm gonna find it so when when I
did the when I did the the after-effects
stream I reached out to a couple people
to see if I could use their music and
one of the people that got back to me
was that chris christie dulu who made
the risk of rain soundtrack and he was
super cool and I just said hey can I
listen to your music while I do After
Effects and streaming on Twitch and he
said of course thanks for letting me
know and then he said here's a couple
download codes if anyone wants the both
the risk of rain and and hexadecimal
soundtrack okay it's nice and so what I
have here is some codes to download a
free risk of rain soundtrack so if
anyone would like the risk of rain and
hexadecimal soundtrack the first person
to type let's see here what's here we
have them type rich rikki-tikki-tavi
rikki-tikki-tavi
exactly rikki-tikki-tavi heavy one tabby
with a V oh I'm already said taffy oh my
god
rikki-tikki taffy so so some some taffy
is going to attack the Cobra that was
threatening the small boy and not a
mongoose called monkey tikki tavi yep
mr. shy smile
you get the first one rikki-tikki-tavi
hexadecimal was another album that he
did for a different video game and it's
very risk of rain eeeh I love them both
hold on mr. shy smile I'm going to send
you a message
I'm gonna send you a message with the
download code rich is gonna get in a hot
air balloon we should use the twitch
raffle thing to do giveaways like that
what's the Twitter raffle thing is it as
fun that's trivia and then typing things
first I don't know what the truth I
don't even know that's which raffle
thing is so then I then I double cans
okay
all right how do I get out of here
mr. try spam about to send you a message
how do I send people all yours I've
never like I've never used the twitch
message app you know
doudou didn't do i believe and i think
now i just have that song stuck in my
head is brain let's see here okay
un momento por favor
I'm doing something very exciting
if you say so
I am I kind of have to take your word
for it
I'm typing stuff in that doesn't sound
exciting well it's exciting it's
exciting to mr. shy smile who is about
to get a soundtrack the soundtrack a
risk of rain soundtrack which is quite
possibly my favourite video game
soundtrack of all time and the
hexadecimal one is pretty good as well
they they work well together watching
some Wheel episodes why do you allow
folks to up whispered to spin the wheel
so fast
thanks fly off because this tapes don't
stick on very well yeah in the first
place I don't know that it would matter
how hard you spin it yeah brother now I
haven't found a great way to fix them
mr. Gupta I do believe in a thing called
love cuz you don't you don't want them
on there permanently so you know yeah
like like hot glue you don't want do
that probably you know Michael would
also melts some of the lighter cardboard
boxes too mr. Schad smile make make sure
that the you got those codes I just sent
you it towards message also you know
what would be nice for the wheel is like
Plexiglas cases you know clear cases
that are permanently affixed to the
wheel that we could just pop tapes in
and out that way we wouldn't have to
worry about you know gluing anything to
the back of the tape or not what about
the clamshells thing well it has to be
big enough to fit the clamshells and
snug enough to fit the lower ones you
can't have that this climb sells so much
bigger than the little ones yeah but you
could you know like you could make it
like clamshell width and then the depth
you know just put something behind the
little ones to make it suck I think this
is a terrible idea when you spin the
wheel they little rattle around this
giant there's Plexiglas thing you want
to go possibly possibly
noise me or the clamshells in general is
the wait yeah you have to you have to be
very careful balance them with the other
types that's what mr. Phipps is saying
is you know whenever one hat whenever
one happens to fall off and then it's
unbalanced you know yeah yeah oh it's
upsetting to us here don't fly off that
often it's happened twice
you don't tired core doesn't like my
plexiglass box idea either hey Tara I
jack beloved yeah the friendless I
didn't do you know what to do it I spit
balling spit balling
but hey looks like that's fine no the
wheel is a the wheel is complicated
max isn't what what I don't know
alternatively just make copies of the
front covers remember I talked about the
dog food not being that bad to eat yeah
oh my god are you eating pee oh my god
you're eating maggots I don't know which
is worse
I hope you're hungry oh god we just ate
maggots out of an old decaying corpse Oh
God but we're gonna live yeah that's
true you know what guys this is not
actually this is actually not a bad idea
the only problem is so you know the the
idea that the chat is throwing out here
is so Oh what rich I felt you found that
was not a gentle thing okay great mr.
Schine smile got his soundtracks and so
I do have one more set of risk of rain
and hexadecimal soundtracks so rich yeah
first person to type in what what what
are you gonna say that I can then flock
in flummox oh god I don't I don't just
want me to come up with any random
things
yeah hey hey hey yo the first person to
type in heyo gets a risk of rain and
accident oh my god hey Oh trying to
chase a mouse you got me coming up with
things safe I can't come up with your
own damn thing to say okay there it is
Oh left nan Lee you are the first one to
type in hail so I will be sending you a
twitch message shortly
that rack got away jack oh you can step
on and eat the rats okay probably a bit
more appetizing than the human corpse
maggots
I mean maybe oh you know what you know
it's a nice touch there's little plastic
bottles blowing around in the
apocalyptic wasteland there it is
plastic plastic water bottle yep as
would be true yes as would be true Oh
zero left turn only zero you are the
winner you are the winner winner chicken
dinner
I am sending you codes in just a moment
and I've had these for weeks Chris sent
these to me when I asked him before I
did the aftereffect stream and I just I
got so into doing the after-effects that
I completely forgot and then I forgot
again and so I'm very sorry but I'm glad
I remembered it today
Chad asks does eating the maggots never
eating a human being
count as cannibalism nope only second
hand cannibalism no no no and it's
second hand cannibalism that's removed
enough Magus maggots are made from the
people living eating yeah but people
decay and the decay you know feeds the
plants and the wild animals eat the
pointer so isn't everything then second
hand cannibalism you sure I'm okay with
this no I think it's I think it's
removed enough I mean like probably some
blood and guts on the maggots that count
as cannibalism
okay and sent zero left turn only check
your twitch inbox for the codes nice and
enjoy enjoy
just fantastic especially like risk of
rain is one of the most fantastic
soundtracks to listen to it like
especially while working just cuz it's
so driving you know great great I'm glad
I remember to do that
did I ever play the game the darkness
read the comic book ain't based on a
comic book then the game got kind of
popular oh yeah yeah I've heard of the
game why have I heard of it
he's got mildly popular oh okay ten
years ten years back oh yeah yeah no
maybe not quite that long but a while
ago no you can't find my August 24th FTL
victory run archives anywhere I mean
it's should be on the YouTube page
should be on the bulletin new to Bajor
it's not I don't know it might just be
gone forever
it might just be gone forever but no I
can only assume it's on the YouTube page
everything goes on the YouTube page
doo-doo-doo-doo
oh that's a good do you remember
I don't remember either Dino spumoni has
a question about Mad Max lore yeah
was it the gas shortage that caused the
apocalypse or did the apocalypse cause
the gas shortage well the first movie
there's a gas gas shortage before there
appears to have been an apocalypse okay
the first movie it seems almost more
like a slowly dying Society probably
because of gas okay and then the second
one is what everything's like a desert
yeah so I'm assuming gas led to fallout
laughs oh yeah yeah okay that's funny
fighting over what was left is my
assumption hey pizza train biscuit is
doing great as it gets a little more
humid he's a very long hair cat he gets
knots in his furs very easily and so we
have to brush him almost every day that
sounds awful and it is we we get it you
buy a cat we get a cat size clump of
hair almost every single day or also
getting knots in his fur and be very
uncomfortable we get a cat because the
family wanted a cat
dreamer Takei says at the start of the
second movie they showed bombs and war
but those bombs and more might have been
fighting for gas yeah after the first
movie right cuz there's still like grass
and tones in Mad Max one man it's been
it's been way through long since I've
seen you did you see mad Max's house in
Mad Max one I mean it's very nice I
don't remember how I barely remember Mad
Max 1 they go to stay with like the
wife's mother and she's out in the
country and everything's a green know I
have not read ready player one which of
you what is ready player one they're
making a movie out of that aren't they
sounds familiar but I don't know what it
is I know that's a I've heard the name
before I know it's a good famous video
game movie but I don't know if it's a
like I don't even know if it's a fiction
or a nonfiction book so I've not read it
now it's not on any list of mom's a week
because I haven't
know nothing about it I'm just gonna say
it's not as good as the King Kong it's a
boy seven make me moving them I believe
they're making a movie out not as good
as the king of Qarth
yes I'm just saying that but no
knowledge of anything about the player
one thing I can't I can almost assuredly
say that it will not be as good as the
king of Khan as far as great video game
movies there there is not much of right
now better than the king of God it's a
sci-fi book
is like pixels
spielberg is doing it really huh how old
is Spielberg old enough I guess George
Miller gets to pop that max though oh
listen
Spielberg knows how to make a good movie
interesting no no I just kind of want to
see what this is we had this discussion
on the street before I mean when was the
last good Spielberg popcorn flick great
popcorn flick like he used to make so
you know obviously something like
Lincoln wouldn't I wouldn't even call
Saving Private Ryan at the excellent
action scenes
okay I'm cheating a little bit because
I'm looking up his democracy so what
would you say just off of the top of
your head that's the last good Spielberg
popcorn is it Jurassic Park do you have
to go that far back um you know the
Golden Age Spielberg popcorn flick your
does he want artsy for a while laughter
well then there was the TV other than he
had shit like Jurassic you come to yeah
I wouldn't call that a great popcorn
movie this is not what I would put as a
good popcorn flick but what's your
thought on Saving Private Ryan mmm
really really great movie but not
popcorn burger okay it's not not like
the fun and light Spielberg emotional
later sure and his family and they're in
danger but everything's fun and light
nobody really gets Orton yet here's his
actual last good popcorn flick and you
wouldn't think of it because you haven't
seen it okay Minority Report oh yeah
okay I haven't seen rich has not seen
Minority Report I think that's a good
movie I think that's a nice fun popcorn
be a great sci-fi popcorn emarketer I've
heard I've also had heard good things
about warhorse
the movie about the horse that goes to
war sounds stupid
that sounds very stupid yes I'm sure
it's very stupid but Minority Report is
really fun it's a really fun sci fi
movie I know I know you haven't seen it
but but I liked it as a popcorn flick I
think everybody likes my annoy report I
don't I don't think there's any
controversy with liking Minority Report
Sylas psychics who can predict crimes
fun movie that Minority Report how does
a horse hold a gun very carefully the
horse is a horse go it's a special horse
gun they stamp down to shoot well you
want like some kind of harness on the
back with the gun either on top or maybe
maybe pointing out the sides and then
would like the trigger being like a
thing that goes in the horse's mouth and
you can bite down to shoot that's how
you would make a horse gun yeah I like
it
or you just have a guy on the horse who
shoots the gun also that would work too
I mean you know there's two different
ways to do it cuz I wouldn't trust a
horse to aim a gun typically Oh Kyle the
Colin has seen the horse movie
hi Colin and Colin says it was really
good up until the ridiculously funny
ending the Horse of war movie okay I
would assume it would be sappy but
apparently rich they're saying to get
sand tires sand tires sand Tigers okay
do you not have sand tiger zone I maybe
I don't
get tired get better saying I I have I
have I have this what are the other ones
locked well you have two tires
yeah so you have free hoops there's
starting tires great oh yeah great deep
tread ease I got what I got
you have Oh were you talking about
Minority Report been ridiculously funny
at the end you need to be more specific
Talan when you're talking hi Ally shit
to watch only Palin has not seen the
world okay I haven't either
I haven't either I think I've heard of
it it's called War Horse it's about a
horse that goes to war yeah
together so you have like an internal
monologue no no it's like a it's like a
real movie it's like a serious movie
yeah
seem like an old like Civil War era two
horsemen horses were more involved in
war I'm sure I'm sure you know it's the
while the horse is prominent it more
follows the people around them ever seen
it right there drama it could be the
pulling like a babe kind of thing
I don't think save goes to warm I really
hope Spiro niggas a horse these areas
get out of here okay you're you're
baiting saying kingdom of Crystal Skull
we're good movies you that's you're
being sarcastic I don't like it how do
we feel about the Mad Max movies
releasing on Steam the movies on Steam
yeah I saw that that's stupid why would
I want to own a movie on Steam would you
want to own a movie on Steam I think
that's part of their their next wave you
know with big big picture and steam
machines hooking up to your TV yeah yeah
they're going for a whole entertainment
caboodle smart on their part
I got enough deer and I don't need to
lease a movie on Steam you know what I
am excited about is Amazon recently
announced the ability to for offline
viewing of their Amazon Prime TV shows
and movies
so for certain titles only select titles
right now more titles to come you can
actually you know download and watch
offline shit that's a sniper we're up
there the glowy thing or the circle
thing the him oh that's a guy and
apparently it didn't hit all right
fucking fuck it
yep get out of here I didn't even
register that's it nice so for anyone
who has my car has a sniper rifle by the
way because of course I haven't used it
much because I'm so worried about ammo
in this game which is a good thing
really you want to save those bullets
for when you really need them
how are people feel about this mad max
yeah no no I don't think much has been
said about it it kind of you know I
think if I were to describe this game to
someone you know it's it's very its
shadow of Mordor in the desert it really
doesn't feel like shadow yeah
what what about it makes you think of
shadow um oh no no I kind of aimless
okay yeah it's got that it definitely
has that and Batman combat well that's
that's that's like Batman not like
shadow of Mordor oh but they're both the
shadow of Mordor has that really kind of
excellent Nemesis system yeah this
doesn't have anything like that right
shadow of Mordor is a lot of stealth
this doesn't have any stealth mm-hmm
this has Kirk combat right that's fun
that looks fun
and this also has Mad Max right which
which means I give a shit about at least
one of the characters which is more than
I can say for shadow of Mordor where
they get all those characters can go
fuck themselves cuz they're all dull and
Lord of the Rings universe is just a dry
unsatisfying place except for Smeagol
yeah yeah but this is all I'm saying is
if I were to give someone a quick
synopsis and that person had heard a
shadow of Mordor that is not a name
correct thing to say that this is shadow
of Mordor in the desert it doesn't have
the two major things that shadow of
Mordor it hasn't you know that kind of
that kind of light and brisk stealth and
yes sorry we're just private yeah or the
Nemesis system pretty much is shadow of
Mordor
without without the Nemesis system is
nothing the the stealth the Nemesis
system are the are the icing on the cake
of the of the core gameplay mechanics
and this is the same cake but this these
ice things are car combat without
without that that icing you just have
Batman
you have open-world Batman open well
Batman Arkham City's open-world so you
just have Batman combat right in in in
in shadow of mordor's case and a very
bland unsatisfying environments not
but unless you're sorry wall while the
wall works and nothing works and some
rocks which unless you are super into
the Lord of the Rings lore and world in
which case you're gonna love it
where we were not but we are very much
into Mad Max yeah yeah and you can
describe this citizen land and doesn't
landscape but at least I think it's at
least it's supposed to be I don't think
that that Mordor let Lord of the Rings
landscapes are supposed to be dull and
uninspiring I don't know assume there
are kingdoms and villages and people in
that universe oh sure but I also assume
that if you're into the the lore you
know the difference between those
kingdoms you know like the different
areas there are more towns in this yeah
but so far everything's kinda looked the
same
yeah I would be more interested in
playing this just because I'm a fan of
Mad Max but I have a feeling that I
would be equally I would get equally as
bored there's something like this that I
did with shadow of Mordor I got saved
because of my sleeping issues I'm dead
tired if you want to take over yeah yeah
obviously over your fighter a good fight
your face I don't Gareth don't throw it
all in my face ain't nothing to me
finish this guy off
so do you have a man equivalent of a
shield attack or a cape attack
no no so you can only role I guess if
you want to expend a shotgun shell that
might do the trick
okay there you go
hold on rich of the best in the what
time do we start nine nine we'll give it
like 20 more minutes we can get an hour
that's fine well we're two hours in
already it's 11:00 yeah I want to make
try and make it to midnight
you guys okay we can make it to midnight
why did this guy say now fuck it hold on
cuz I've been having trouble sleeping
and I'm trying to get my sleeping
schedule back on track and I woke up at
4:00 a.m. this morning
six hours of sleep 4:00 a.m. yeah that's
terrible
how do I change controls what do you
want changed to invert look Oh probably
and sayings I would imagine there you go
switch yourself over Jack I don't even
notice yeah yeah it means nothing to me
anymore
not today not today rich
wait what happened six hours of sleep is
plenty yeah but in general I haven't
been getting much sleep I've I've been
having a lot of trouble getting to sleep
it's been kind of horrible I feel right
I might have gotten like four or two
hours of sleep the night before that the
day before that like I I was up all day
and part of the next day not been able
to sleep until now I want a good I just
want crash it's not time now I know it's
work time now pay time now play Mad Max
where am I going
I wanna I wanted to crash more filming
best the worst something that blue dot
oh wait no you gotta go somewhere else
drive to guts good gashes stronghold so
you got to find gut gash okay I can do
that I can only assume we and and and
his wife cut - oh why you've seen the
way they named these people is probably
what she's called that's true okay so my
car is the blue dot your no no your car
is the orange circle with a current it's
you're going the exact opposite way okay
now run hey-hey run is right trigger I
want to drop that that looks awesome I
don't know what it is but I had run his
right trigger okay here we go here we go
here we go now here we go here we go
here we go now okay
turn off my stupid flashlight I don't
want to be seen by anyone
have a flashlight d-pad left I don't
know if it matters if my flashlight is
on like to see I don't know that it does
either comes on automatically when you
get out of the car at night nage kind of
annoying you know unless it makes no
difference
well that's all I'm thinking is like if
like a someone drives by and sees my
flashlight yeah it's like what the fuck
might what the fuck you want Mike all
right enter vehicle oh I wanted that
weapon I'm sorry
they've been wanted picking up up and
spoke very improv-y taking one with you
all the time would be sure against their
wishes
I don't know well no that's the booster
stop stop it this is Jack's very first
time playing this game ever where am i
growing up in any way shape or form but
um hit these the mat button was just
like the select key back button on the
Xbox controller whatever the fuck it is
zoom out zoom out it said Green Dot is
where you going all the way over there
fuck yeah let's do this
and like and I attack it with the card
just by hitting other cars you get that
you can get a green line in the method
GPS I see it this way nope good try huh
we'll see we'll see if another one comes
along
jack is learning the drive stick he had
the drive stick in this game people
would be so pissed off nope nope nope
good job good job nope you're doing
great kid
you're doing great don't use the GPS
just go in that straight line you're
doing it the right way how do I say
fixie up on the d-pad you can't be
moving to fix it fix e you can't get out
of the car and look around if while he's
fixing it coop fixing it and and getting
in and out of the cars just like red
there's a little white only you get out
in and out wrong side of the car I know
it's great I know why you know I'm being
funny when I call that the wrong side of
the car I'm being funny maybe not
they don't see me he fix it okay okay so
uh this is a GPS thing how do i I've
heard some really great things about it
hit the a button
hey-up okay the guy behind you
okay here we go
whoever wrote this game yeah you're
using witness all wrong
they say witness me before they commit
suicide they don't just say witness me
all the time for the sake of saying
witness me just just so you know a guy
who wrote this also there's no spray
paint but I'm assuming they just didn't
want kids huffing I'm assuming that was
like a a ratings board thing but the
counter drugs okay oh there's a camp
I'm sorry shooting at you man and
there's a camp oh yeah you're near a cat
eye they probably have a sniper yep good
Matt oh they definitely have a sniper
out getting out I got a little girl my
god okay here we go here we go yeah this
is more fun that you play I'm picking it
up my brain my brain couldn't handle
this anymore if your brain can't handle
this then it can't handle munch whoa
like how the car feels like very loose
you know yeah it feels like exactly like
a an old junker in the desert should
feel oh fuck yes we Tramp nope nope nope
nope not going off this we Tramp you can
probably afford some car upgrades I am
if you want a history it just hit start
well show people like go over to garage
Oh
oh yeah that armor upgrade exhaust armor
oh I think you need to unlock that's
we're doing this mission to unlock armor
sended armor but you probably like it
like an engine throw an engine great up
on their speed what is the exhaust to
improve the exhaust system and piping
configuration increases perhaps me and I
think the engine gets you the top speed
faster boost can significantly increase
that obviously the nitrous repair repair
speed that could be fun Thunder poon
what improving the Thunder Boone will
make destroying ours because in life
structure is much easier I'm assuming
that's a weapon I haven't unlocked yet
yeah this logic the
under poun that's a great day okay what
do we got in here
so engine improving engine standard v6
converted v8 we got a new one the major
v6 do we want that you go ahead I don't
give a shit
sure great I earlier today I was playing
this game earlier today I I've been
taking my bike to work the space cap
card died yep
and I knew I needed to get the computer
to the studio today mm-hmm so it's like
I I know I asked Mike the other day I
like you know can you make me a ride to
work tonight you do that he said yeah
yeah and so you know I'm waiting for me
he said you know we'd be by around noon
to pick me up
you know noon comes to go some things
coming up it'll be three it'll
definitely be three though before after
a little after three you know three
rolls around four o'clock rolls around I
said Mike yeah Mike said some came out
my mouth coming in today yeah sorry
sorry bring in tomorrow so you know I
had to wait to Jack to pick me up and
then Jack couldn't get in any earlier
because you're you're mrs. mrs. Jack was
was busy mrs. Jack was go ahead and
watch the kids you know they're not
quite yet
old enough to be left at home alone but
like I had a whole day planned out of
all this crap I was gonna do with the
studio today but instead I was only
playing this I just put spikes on the
car oh my god
yep we have spikes huh and you guys I'm
tired I didn't remember why I started
telling that story I was leading to
something and it's all in one ear out
the other about me not having a hard to
get here
well you I thought the more was he's
been playing this all day yeah but why
was playing almost a important oh god I
don't know I was gonna talk about
something about this game no I don't
know what it was oh fuck it
I'm sorry fuck it all right I've just
weaponized myself we got it we got
spikes on the wheels and spikes on the
car we are now ready to fuck someone's
shit right up
see let's see who the first contender is
this one area
I'm glad you like my story chan I just
don't remember why I started telling it
I was I was I had a purpose in mind well
because of this Sam and I played this
all game because I played this all game
does that mean know about the little bit
but what's missing is the buildable that
part of the reason I started telling the
story it completely left my brain
oh yeah you know what that's pretty fun
pretty satisfying I'm gonna watch the
stream like after the fact see where I
was getting to before the story oh I
like that
thanks mate
I'll tell you the story of how I fell in
love well there's this girl I went to
high school with mm-hm and and we're
good friends and I I developed crush on
her hood I knew I'm rich Evans and she
would never feel the same way sorry is
kind of suppressed that didn't want to
ruin the friendship didn't want about it
being rejected and I held on that for a
long time and then she one day I said
fuck it I kissed her and she kissed me
back boom there you go there's a story
you know alright so it's a good story
thank you yeah yeah you've mustered up
the courage what does it pay XD
you can go fuck
actually right after a good day of my
grandma's funeral she went to my
grandma's funeral with me you know where
she worked in it yeah and she was like
consoling me after the funeral I almost
kissed her then that was almost my first
kiss everyone sweet yeah she would have
accepted it she told me yeah what I
would've been fine
it would have been sweet but then like
there always would have been that onus
hanging over you you know like what was
that it feel sorry for me kiss that
could have taken the relationship in
very different direction then happened
so whatever exactly fucking truck you're
so fucking mine
right
go go Karen be coming back to hang with
us
I shall shoot me run from time to time I
mean yes her work schedules weird where
did that go
what happened what did you do I saw a
thing a scrap fly off of it
sometimes the icon for it doesn't show
up until you're near it no and if you've
been driving around you could you just
lost track I should be right around here
as a that that orange square near you on
the map I mean that's a whole area you
can loop oh there it is uh data is no I
want to go uh you know we're gonna do
the mission here yeah scrap scrap scrap
scrap scrapping it up
my health is low how do I do that
where do we just say fucking
who snipers human
keep moving okay
this is pretty fun driving yeah this is
what shadow of mordor does not have yes
you know you know what might have made
the difference in the shadow of mordor
horse maybe this is just me just shadow
of mordor the world feels absolutely
dead throw out a fucking town even if
there's no purpose to it well this give
me a town of people to hang out and give
me some more visuals than just the
best-loved wasteland of course there was
just there I think there was just too
many works and not a big enough world he
just ran into orcs too often it's a big
world they just feel small because it's
the same shit over and over right
this is huge this this world is fucking
huge
after playing grand theft auto san
andreas no game world feels huge to me
anymore yeah yeah well you know maybe
maybe maybe san andreas wasn't really
bigger than this but they managed to
design it so at least feels better than
there I mean 3 3 cities the countryside
deserts san andreas feels like a fucking
state fucking my little little podunk
towns that serve no function other than
to make the world feel bigger yep Wow
you dick San Andreas is still the most
brilliant open-world in the grabbed
officers vibe was good but san andreas
just brilliant fucking brilliant
yeah I really like Santa Chris
Vegas San Francisco LA deserts oceans
forests hick towns different-looking
police based on what town you're in
different radio stations based on what
area you're in yeah
how's a great game san andreas was a
great game fix my car monkey Oh
Hunchback monkey oh yeah that's what he
is he's my hunch monkey we haven't been
paying much attention to the story I
think my problem with the Hunchback
character ah is is the relationship he
has with Max is too friendly what do you
mean when Max is kind of using him
because he wants a car yeah but I mean
like I think of like the gyrocopter
pilot from world warrior okay I mean
he's basically Max's hostage in that
movie but what this guy is all fairly
chummy like max if Jimmy to him was so
follow us so actually I think max just
wants the car wants a faster car this
guy's a good mechanic
sure but the Hunchback views you as some
kind of Saint
Messiah character
- Chum Bucket Chum Bucket
