Axiom Verge - Jack Solo Stream
May 31, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UxZOiwatAjc

it is quite possible
that we are streaming at this very very
moment I'm hoping we're gonna wait for
confirmation that we are streaming oh
wow yes and no Game of Thrones spoilers
that's not nice let people see for
themselves
it's super quiet and he's super quiet no
I'm not super quiet I'm here hello I am
streaming things are super fun happening
I'm just double checking yes I just got
the email that we are streaming so that
is terrific news hi everybody I spy time
I can only assume this game being a
Metroidvania
it's it's gonna have some spikes in it
this is to play it was gifted to me
thank you and to play tonight it is a
jack
solo stream tonight which it's been a
while it's been a while since we've had
a Jack soloist dream sorry for starting
a little bit late as most people heavy
base for such as both you in the game
are base heavy I that might just be your
settings man I don't know that might be
your settings Jack Michaels pretty
pretty quiet on Thursday but so much
more would hurt him all that I turn I
was doing some audio test earlier and
everything seemed to be fine
rich is braiding his beard hair tonight
yes that's exactly what is happening
audios not great audio is perfect bat
and super great so I started a little
bit later tonight a how you I was
shooting all day or and I had to import
footage and that just means that I start
things start later Oh dick neutral yes
dick neutral sent me this game so we're
gonna we're gonna play it and just we're
gonna see what happens
I have not touched this game normal
we'll just do normal difficulty I've not
touched touch to this game so we'll see
already I love it New Mexico 2005
now
it just hit my vehicle ass on my mic
stand that's what you heard there
everything's fine everything's fine
I know I'm watching a cutscene it's like
I feel like even though rich isn't here
he would be complaining if I skip the
cutscene but I kind of want to skip it
out I mean you know it's important it's
going on a little too long I get it
retro-futurism or whatever the table is
not a bottle opener I know I might the
way my mic stand is I need a new mic
stand
I brought my mic stand to the studio and
I'm using like this old janky mic stand
that I have and and you know what it is
nothing but a jank and I need a new one
I'm gonna go get a good a new one is
basically what's happening thoughts I'm
come fury I've only seen the first like
five minutes of kung fury and I got a
little tired of it I'm gonna watch it
I'm sure it's fun I'm sure it's a lot of
fun I have a problem I have a problem
with a lot of like green-screen heavy
stuff because I feel like it's very
two-dimensional you know because it's
easier to film on a green-screen when
something only moves to the left to the
right and that's exactly what kung fury
felt like to me was it was just very
two-dimensional and I got a little tired
but also I just had stuff to do this
weekend so I couldn't really watch it
but I I am I am going to watch Kung fury
and I'm sure I'm going to have a good
time it seems fairly ridiculous yes I
know I can do speedrun road but my name
is tres okay oh that's my character he's
kind of not your typical hero looking
guy Gunn in next room you must get it
I'm sure this is going to be a Oh bother
I never go to the Bo box that's that's
usually Jesse or Mike so I'm sure they
go a couple times a week but I'm looking
for I know I know why you're wondering
cuz I know you sent some stuff and I'm
looking forward to it
telegin wants to know if I would
recommend dslr's before filming and I
film a lot of stuff I do have a DSLR
which works great a lot of DSLRs even
lower end DSLRs may make amazing video
they have some very real drawbacks to
them as far as a from a production
standpoint
what axiom disrupter nice use X lock
position
what
I was there a lady this is what I get
for not paying attention his story I
just want to shoot things so DSLRs have
very real drawbacks one is the rolling
shutter which is the jello wobble if you
move a DSLR from the left to right or up
and down very quickly you will see a UH
I guess you will see like a jello like
movement and that is really hard to
handle there like in your editing
program you can okay just Metroid Honda
presentment read so far that's great
that's great you know why cuz there's
not a Metroid right now and that's a big
problem when you want things to look
smooth you can get rid of that in your
editing software but it's pain and you
can't get rid of all of it all the time
is the rule of thumb but they make they
make stuff look real pretty DSLRs and
they're generally cheap but a couple
another downside is batteries their
batteries do not last long and so if you
are planning on being on a long shoots
it's just you know you need extra
batteries or you need expensive adapters
and so like AC adapters for most DSLRs
are expensive and I have no idea why
they're so expensive but it's just a
thing also memory cards because they
take such amazing video and they do
DSLRs take amazing video but amazing
video comes at a cost really really high
volume for your card and so that just
means you're gonna be going through
memory cards you're gonna be going
through batteries
and sometimes that's a bigger pain then
you would imagine let's see here other
there's there's so there's all these
pluses and minuses amazing picture it
both a plus and a minus is a lot of
DSLRs have swappable lenses and the plus
to that is you can get really beautiful
lenses the downside of that is lenses
are very expensive but you know you can
get yourself a couple of really nice
lenses like a wide lens and a really
heavy depth of field lens and everything
you shoot will look just the most
amazing
CSR's oh yes and thank you Bill lack of
bill akka
brings up another really good point
which is audio do not ever record audio
directly onto your DSLR their mics are
fiat so you need a you either need like
what Villa Hakka says where he has a
battery grip extender that adds like XLR
inputs to your DSLR or you need a
secondary audio recorder like a zoom or
the like
zoom of course is great I use it all the
time
just in general having by the way having
secondary audio recorder is really nice
in general like that's not that's not
limited to DSLRs but with the DSLR you
need it because the mics on DSLRs are
shaped but that being said you know
there's pros and cons I I think they're
great because they're allowing they're
allowing everybody to make beautiful
pictures and that means that the good
ones are extra good because of the young
people view I don't really know what's
happening in a game yeah I'm just met
for writing it up maybe so you know
and your your aunt your your answer to
the answer to your question of should I
get a DSLR is maybe come on you jerk
yeah
maybe it's all baby maybe it's all big
maybe you know it's a saint like a lot
of people ask me about gopro usage too
and that's the same thing where it's
like GoPros are even worse though
they're very situational to win a GoPro
is necessary but you know they're nice
cameras and they're fun to use but it's
just so situational DSLRs are more
workhorses but it takes a lot more work
to get them I like my DSLR I have a
Panasonic gh2 which I got oh no can't go
that way which I got very affordably
because I think they're on the gh4 now
but the gh2 was hackable you can hack
these software in the gh2 to give you a
higher bitrate which means that my
videos on it look extra beautiful coming
of course at the cost of
of memory card space can I die
oh oh okay I figured out how to get life
back that's always exciting
these little ledges here you know make
me think that there are secrets
necessarily so so yeah I really like my
gh2 I don't use it that much anymore
because now I have the the af100
which and it gives me the best of both
world interchangeable lenses and the
convenience of longer battery life and
good memory storage of the Panasonic
let's see here the cause yeah well but
that's the thing like you can you can
get a decent dedicated what okay
firing once lunch is allowed to
projectile firing again
oh I get it
and I get it I think
I don't you know like I don't think it's
that simple because DSLRs are so
affordable and they can give you a good
picture it all depends on what you're
shooting if you are run and gun shooting
and if you are shooting a wide variety
of things a DSLR will not work for you
they are they are not they are not I
don't wanna put those DSLRs do not play
nice
is the real thing and so if you if you
just want to like run a gun and shoot a
whole bunch of stuff if you're shooting
long like business conferences DSLRs
will not work for you these artifacts
but uh like a dedicated video camera
will give you more options and it will
be on that it will give you a longer
battery life and longer memory cards
sergeant
this is always the question isn't what
what are you looking to make what are
you looking to do you know a lot of
people talk to me and ask me you know
about what camera is right for them it's
just like what are you what are you
looking to do you know if you're looking
to make youtube videos you don't need
anything special
which is the real thing you know people
watching youtube videos at 360p most of
the time
and I just hold it now okay I do wish
that like I could just hold it there
this is not
mafra I saw you you know what are you
gonna shoot
gotcha
that's the question you know you want to
make classy-looking youtube videos with
super shallow depth-of-field
yeah and get a DSLR it's fine they were
fine but then also get an audio recorder
because you're gonna need one and also
get battery extenders and all sorts of
all sorts of other the really swell
thing about DSLRs is their low-light
capability most dedicated video cameras
especially solid states which means like
the the lens is attached to the body of
the camera just are crap for low-light
shooting and so DSLR is because they
give you that option of swapping out
lenses
it means that
permanently increases the projectile
size for weapons nice
rates upgrade
keep what I'm waiting for like the
charge attack I'd like that I want the
charge attack you know I've said a lot
of like bands and night clubs I enjoy
shooting live music and the light there
yet
and as soon as I started using my DSLR
just everything looked a little bit
nicer because they handle low light so
much better
now
you certainly enjoyed the DSLR shoots
for free right well you know the the
first couple of the first several prereq
episodes one of the cameras was a DSLR
now I use my AF 100 and red letter media
as they have 100 so they're I use the
exact same camera those slightly
different lenses me and and Jay and Mike
my camera and Jane Mike's camera has
slightly different lenses and so if you
ever notice like either minor riches
look a little bit different that's why
that's because we have different lenses
and in the early days prereq I was using
my I was using a couple different
cameras but one of the cameras I was
using was a DSLR and usually that one
was a little bit sharper and man did you
notice I thought you know this day way I
see you up there
I have to do anything to like I feel
like my
understands that thing
I always felt like the DSLR was
look nicer
but maybe that's just me
right like a cell hunker down like this
is what we can get we can't get a new
Metroid game right now for some reason
but we can get we can get this I'm gonna
take it you look different this block
looks different like na I'm gonna take
it because if yeah this is the Metroid
game we can get right now
I'll take it this is just a Metroid game
which you know bothers me some say a
game bothers me sound button
if you need any hints let me know the
DSLR it did look quite good
which one was Metroid Fusion
yeah I think I like the fusion I can't I
can never remember the names of them
anymore to tell you the truth fusion was
the Game Boy Advance one right I get up
there I feel like I should be able to
get up there but yeah I liked
any the metroid games except for other m
which we're not gonna count as a music
change that means boss this is boss this
feels like boss
yeah GBA that was a good one yeah a
fusion was a fun one and I really liked
wish our heroes and so ugly
sorry if your demon I post say kill
I like like the the like the static
every time you hit him that's it's a fun
little that's fun but we hear you
defeating demon Athos
more like the noises and like all the
sound effects very very retro
very retro I think it just might end up
having the same problem with this that I
had with uh what is it dot 3d Dot Heroes
got 3d heroes where it's just like it's
it's just too similar you know
style everything is just so Metroid is
that a bad thing I don't - I can't there
we go I know I don't need it but just
walnut is walnut
so
no you're right I'm not your right to
views Kirk I'm not a little ball yet so
I should shut up unless this is a little
ball right here
am I gonna be able to turn into a little
ball right now laser drill use right
trigger Oh
oh that's awesome all right I'm back on
board
look at that weapon I know I can go
through these rocks I'm just seeing if I
can like get through anything else kind
of love the laser drill
we love the look of that weapon that's
awesome when can I get into the secret
areas laser drill are there secret areas
Oh
oh wait now I remember how are we gonna
this thing
now
oh no you were though okay I remember I
remember what's happening
I knew it you can get you can get
through some of these rocks now we're
talking
what distinguishes the Roxy can get
through from the Roxy can't anything
turn color when you
I want secrets there are so many secret
areas
I hope so there better be if it's a
Metroid game there better be goddamn
secret areas is that's an interesting
question it's filmmaking something I
wanted to do not necessarily I have you
know I've talked about before I like I'm
I'm more of the Entertainer I got into
this because of comedy you know I
consider myself a comedian first an
entertainer first might be more
appropriate because a lot of it isn't
necessarily comedy it's just stuff I
find funny or amusing or whatever but
that's where I got into it I filmmaking
it was just a way to tell jokes I just
want to use this laser drill for
everything keep it up all the time so
you know I enjoy filmmaking and I really
enjoy a lot of
you know but like I I like you know
writing that's that's one of my favorite
parts of it idea creation that sort of
thing that's my there's my man and I get
stuck last time over there see if
there's anything else in here too
oh no I got that thing
it's really like the stand up to is just
like I just wanted to tell jokes I just
wanted to entertain people that was all
that was all I was concerned with was
entertaining people oh oh ha ha ha
so stand-up filmmaking these were all
just an ends to a the mean of
entertaining people which is what I
really enjoyed it I mean just a ham just
am looking for some bread know what I'm
saying you know what I'm saying okay
these guys blow up
and that's okay dick neutral like some
people are performers I never wanted to
be a performer either like that's why I
stopped doing stand-up that's why I
spend most of the time I spent most of
the time behind a camera it's because
like I I didn't think I was good on
camera it took me a long time just to
feel comfortable on camera and luckily
things like best of the worst they
really helped me feel comfortable
talking to people in front of the camera
just doing it but no I never I never
envisioned myself as a performer I was
just a writer for so long but here we
are and I'd like to think that you know
doing something all right
doing something decent sometimes I do
sometimes I don't how about that
I dig the music I think the look it's
just so FA Metro ID now even though even
the look of the world is Metroid maybe
that bothers me
oh this has got to be a secret area
right there's gotta be a seeker there
you have a lovely speaking voice thank
you how real of the worst Oh God the we
love the worst oh that's so a secret
area
don't go in there though that we all
that fucking episode I was I was really
convinced that that was gonna be
another's that was gonna be another
scrapped episode it took it took so long
to edit
I can only assume at some point you get
a double jump I'll say I wait till I get
the double jump
oh I you know I've never been a big fan
of the we love the worst and they kind
of you know like I came back to it
because of when we do the SOS video it's
like oh man SOS kind of reinvigorated my
love before the for all things wheel
what are you multi disrupter
opti disrupter
that's fun
get to you know in like a double jump
and yeah see look there's like that
little like track up there - okay that's
gonna be a later powerup that's a later
powerup area and so it was so great
SOS was so great but then here we get
Geritol Follies can you imagine two
hours of a senior citizen talent show
just the worst I would I would
infinitely watch Shoji Tabuchi over and
over again rather than those Geritol
Follies you have no idea how miserable
that was and just you know again as a
performer trying to come up with jokes
trying to come up with jokes and you
know you've run out after 20 minutes
there's just only so much you can say
which of course we said and then of
course our lack of jokes and became the
joke but
you know congrats to Mike he pulled
something out of that episode I cannot
believe he pulled something out of that
episode I hope I will be completely
honest with you
congratulations to Mike for having the
fortitude ed at that episode
like something I know this was a dead
end it just feels like something should
be over here but apparently not
those sweet old ladies exactly well and
that was the real thing as as is you
know we were not meant to see Geritol
follies that was that was something sold
to grandchildren to say remember your
grandma when she's dead and she did this
Jared I'll follow things but it was just
weird just the strangest oh oh oh no I
died oh I was not paying attention to
myself do you guys actually spin the
wheel or the movies already decided no
we actually spin the wheel oh darn it
how far back do I gotta go
let's just happen
we're saved to your mind machines that's
funny
oh okay oh no I still have my multi
disrupter inlay
alright well fine then I definitely did
not save since I got the multi disrupter
so down actually I'm down then up has
anyone ever been unable to complete a
vest of the worse and walked out on
individual movies yes not on all of them
but I wanna I want to say rich has given
up on some I want to say and there was a
whole section of
Oh Robo chick there was a whole section
of Robo chick and I want to say that it
was left in the episode that everyone
just walked out of Robo check they were
all done with it and they went to do
something else I stayed I stayed for the
whole week because I'm a goddamn
professional but there was an entire
section of Robo check that that was
completely left by most but most
everyone else except for me but Robo
chick is a hard watch so there's no
blame
I gotta stop I have to stop being so
reckless I am being reckless listen okay
here's the fast man okay over here nope
reckless reckless everybody I'm being a
reckless a professional or mad masochist
right that's the question I listen when
I sign up when I sign sign up for a best
of the worst
I know what I'm getting myself into it
may not be pretty but that's what I
signed up for yeah damn it
oh oh yes it is possible that I'm the
only person on the planet earth who saw
the entirety of laboratory
oh thank you I done it I was pretty
happy with the new prereq new prereq
came out today broken age I really enjoy
did the episode I thought I thought rich
and I is kind of disagreement played
well
you know I've been getting some very
weird complaints one of them one of them
which I guess I'll address now which is
you know a lot of people are just saying
like oh he Jack hasn't played an
adventure game you know Jack started
playing adventure games in 2009 what a
what a horrible noob and it's like well
that's when I started playing them as
most of you guys know on a farm which
means that we did not have a computer
growing up and we didn't I didn't get a
computer until very late in my life or
my you know my family didn't get a
computer until very late because you
know we just didn't that we just weren't
that kind of family
you know rich and we I cut this out of
the episode for time you know rich his
father was a tech head so you know he
had a computer and that's that's what
they did they would play these adventure
games and
that's kind of what makes us different
gamers and so I but I really like that
about the episode was not everyone will
have grown up with adventure games there
are people who you know weren't born to
grow up with adventure games and so I I
was really happy that I have that
perspective that was different from rich
and that's my perspective as a gamer is
I didn't play a vinter game space
monster thing ago I was a console gamer
and you know the adventure games for
consoles
listen maniac mansion was was tough to
play that's right
thank you very end second Shh
can't go there you know
and and yeah for those like I I have
played a little bit grim fandago got a
little bored haven't picked it up after
a couple hours and you know I played a
little bit of data tentacle knob too
much I would be interested in playing
that because I know everybody considers
day at the tentacle to be the game to
play but uh
you know we'll see we'll see it's quite
possible well as I said on the episode
is like I might have just discovered
that I'm not a point-and-click adventure
player I've been really enjoying the
text adventure games that rich and I
have been playing those are fun of
course part of the reason that they are
so fun is because you know I'm playing
them with someone I think that has
something to do with it
I love the little jelly bursts
but like like I said grim fandago I
haven't really haven't really enjoyed
I'm not that kind of gamer and that's
okay it's okay for us all to be
different everyone that's why I'm oh did
I miss her room is that what's happening
oh here's the thing
nope nobody got that thing
there are sent reminder buttons home up
set reminder oh okay okay so if I see
something I have to go back to later I
set reminders so I missed a room that I
could drill through something all right
I gotta go back I'm going
I'll go back I'll get it
alright I'll get this thing that you're
talking about pbbt
blow up the things blow up the things
heigh-ho the derry-o blow up things
I'm blowing up the things
I am being reckless again but apparently
death doesn't matter something's gonna
be okay with it I say that that the
death doesn't matter because I seem to
make it to a save point without having
to save
like the music though that music school
yo you sing good Jackie this is true
remember there's a project I don't think
I've been back down here oh holy shit
hope there's not fall damage
there's nothing
yeah it is I mean it's very metroid
obviously
it's obviously quite metroid
and I you know that that's its greatest
strengths and weakness right like what
was the there was like a there was a
game that came out like years ago on
Xbox Live that was very Metroid but it
was like a modern military setting or
like a cyber military setting but just
one hundred percent Metroid style like
shadows something Shadow Complex it's
like they use the same they used like
Metroid gameplay but the kind of updated
the graphics gave it a different setting
a different world this is just so
Metroid down to the music and the and
the look to everything that's the most
distracting part axiom is literally
wearing Metroid skin exactly then that's
like
this what this was exactly what was
happening with 3d dot heroes which is
we're gonna be okay with it because
there's no other Metroid game right now
but watch this kind of go down over here
ah here we go found it okay
kind of like La Casa hunker down says he
thinks this game might be feeling kind
of void much like mighty number 9 is
filling the much missed Mega Man avoided
and yeah I'll be with you I shouldn't
have attacked those things I'll be with
you I'll be with you in that because
yeah we you know we like games like this
we want them why not make it but but why
not give it a different style you know
that's the big question is even mighty
number 9 is updating the graphics and
making it look a little bit different
even though it will play exactly the
same they're doing something to update
it
okay I gotta stop doing that
and so if if this would have given it
just a little bit of a different look I
would have been more okay with it like
you might be blow up things that's right
left button
and I'm liking it I'm not this is not a
this is not a critique a bad gameplay
it's just it's just one of those things
where companies where does omage start
and game to begin there I don't know
mostly I'm just gibbering you guys know
that
a plus de musica 100%
a plus music
keep looking for secret areas not
finding them
alright we're getting somewhere neat you
will know where it differs okay no I'm
down I'm listen I'm in it this is what
I'm playing tonight we're gonna we're
gonna play it
you're gonna keep playing it cuz why not
what else we gonna do nothing
other M did not happen you're right
sausage chasm we all just we will all
just silently agree that other end does
not exist and I think that's the that's
the correct way to go about it
something interesting is happening I
said oh oh yeah dick new tractor that
reminds me I'll take a little break now
hold on take a little break
thanks subscribers let's see here we
have the take a small break to think
subscribers while I have a moment the
Boozer Reiter telegin Lord gonzo doctor
mayonnaise a Michele 87 danger peanuts
vermin thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
it's true we do
I think about the information about
where to find the mayor it sounded like
you said beginning should at least give
you some sort of general outline on how
or what to do but in your bloodborne
review you praise blood-borne for not
telling you how to play against riches
processing on row right I know they you
know it's all circumstantial that's true
so in in the Indies Zelda to review we
were complaining about the mirror puzzle
and in blood-borne we were or at least I
was praising blood-borne for just not
giving us any information at all and
what's the difference between that you
know the difference is the game is the
rest of the game is how they handle
puzzles in general and so in blood-borne
the even the blood-borne doesn't tell
you anything it reveals the puzzle the
solution to the puzzles naturally
through gameplay you just have to figure
it out and they they find a way to have
you figure it out while playing the game
whereas in Zelda that was one specific
puzzle that they didn't give you any
clues to and you know you can't solve
the clue without any puzzles whereas in
blood-borne there were these subtle
things pushing you pushing you towards
the game like for example in blood-borne
you know this is something we talked
about in the video in blood-borne you
don't have to fight in any enemies and
in fact you're encouraged in some spaces
to run past enemies and very early on in
the game there's a giant an enemy
blocking what seems to be a doorway or a
passage and you fight the enemy and he's
a hard enemy and you eventually beat him
and nothing is there and so the game is
silently telling you
how to play it without giving you any
rules more of the you agree with the
puzzlement but I was thinking more of
the hidden combat system right well
that's different like that's a gameplay
versus a puzzle and so I guess that's
the difference right and the hidden
combat system wasn't necessarily
necessary because rich made it through a
large portion of the game without
figuring out the hidden combat system
which of course frustrated rich but that
that was just a perk for those who
noticed it and so you know you could do
please play Dark Souls too many people
consider it the best from sake I mean I
I I love blood-borne side I want to get
back to Dark Souls and Dark Souls 2 and
Demon Souls these are all things I want
to do just time the giant pick was great
the giant pig and blood bar was great I
I have not played blood-borne in a while
just because I've had to play other
things and I was spending time editing
the episode but I mean I really want to
get black back to blood-borne but
there's other stuff other stuff to play
always always only stuff play well bail
bail bail
always other stuff to play but she's not
complaining by any
by any complaint by any means just I was
you know I was like in considering what
to play it's a night where I'm not
necessarily all together with it because
I've been shooting all day is like oh
you know just kind of feel like Isaac
which you know we've played a lot of
Isaac and I've played a lot of Isaac I'm
pretty far and Isaac though I've
unlocked a whole bunch of stuff and I'm
working on some specific character
unlocking Emily's fucking cool who a
skeleton move like blood stuff or
skeleton I guess we should go blood
stuff that caught my eye first
so you know there is definitely some
like like what am I gonna play tonight
oh my god I could probably play
blood-borne I haven't played blood-borne
in a while that would be fun to play it
makes a nice excuse to play blood-borne
for the stream but no it would play a
lot of blood more in the stream and it's
always fun to play new games oh this is
labyrinth
so I'm glad I'm playing a new game I
think it's good I think it's good to
play new games that's important to me as
a streamer
is to make sure I play new games for you
guys so you can see a bunch of different
stuff here so you know we don't turn
into a dedicated binding rising stream
channel which we could we easily could
oh you meant Dark Souls 1 when you made
that coming yes I do plan on getting
back to dark fields one man no rich and
I don't plan on anymore co-op there we
don't plan on any Monaco co-op games
yeah we're always like we're always
looking for stuff like that to play
again it's Oh what well that's scary as
shit that's cool I'm sucking weird you
guys see that I feel like I'm getting to
what is happening with these things I
feel like I'm getting too far off the
path
oh my god
rich Oh L said L Sonova a the boys have
been hearing yes well he her you know
it's a Seema moreover like rush where we
are putting up care through her mind
machine you don't want to know what I'm
doing to make that noise power filter I
guess I can try where is it no hey wait
where are we this is definitely not good
double jump double jump I'm assuming
fires a short-range burst of electricity
no ah that's a fun one
me
oh that guy's creepy go away
oh damn them
boy they're saving me through the mind
machine
um doohickey yes much like 3d Dot Game
Heroes I do I do find this a little
derivative and the quote you know the
question is whether or not that is a
good or bad thing right
like like I mentioned so many times they
just there's no metroid' there's no new
metroid game so this is what we get and
for those of you who like that it's fine
I don't know if it's like I don't know
why it's so bothersome to me but like I
said even even if they would if they
were just to like give this a new
setting and that's what I find so
Skelton
it's so bad about it is that it's just
it's the exact same skin you know
it's the exact same skin with the exact
same gameplay 3d dot heroes - it was it
was basically the same skin with just
the 3d pixel blocks instead of 2d pixel
blocks right but you know they have I
was I was a I just backed that that
kick-started like little devil inside
which is trying to be like a Wind Waker
Zelda game but with new characters and
new objectives and has like a a monster
hunting gathering element
yeah also the electric reference seems
to work the same as my laser weapon but
maybe it fires faster you just go can I
just hold it down
then go over there head back over here
I just need to get good at the game I
need to get better this is my problem
I'm just not good
I need to get good and go up over down
gone down got to get up to get down I've
been over here though right yeah out of
here you creep them in Jesus
yeah now the music's getting weirder I
jumped out of the way this looks like
something dick dick dick
she's gonna gather down yeah yeah yeah
keep jumping keep jumping dick what are
you here something I want how do I get
you
how do I get you I want you
I want you how do I get you
do I play any games on my phone to to
pass the time at all um not really you
know any time I would do that I wouldn't
I would also have my Vita with me which
is a platform that is tying the support
for the Vita is slowly being taken away
and it's gonna pass away soon you know
for like extended trips or bathroom
times I have my Vita with me or you know
I get mostly on my phone like I watch
videos youtube catch up on Oh a pile of
corpes oh iggy pile of corpses okay and
the biggest pile of corpses right all
right this game is hooking me a little
bit but of course like I'm happy to as
you guys know I play Isaac play Titan
souls a place filling can't play games
that are also available on other systems
I mean probably most logged on my Vita
is Isaac I'm like 90% of my Isaac time
99% of my has a time has been on the
Vita oh okay the biggest pile of corpses
this is fucking creepy I'm into it by
the way this I'm into
I know I shouldn't sound so excited if
I'm the biggest pile of corpses but here
we are here we are me being excited
about the pile of corpses and the fact
that they like built a contraption just
for getting around the giant pile of
corpses kind of want to get in that pile
of corpses
ooh
well then all the sound effects - very
very powerful
music nope now we're talking
boss area this is to save ice
I don't know when fuck bot is coming
back that is up to fuck body is an
ancient being it is an ancient being
uncontrolled by the likes of us mere
mortals
well don't you know there's a good old
axiom disrupter alright alright here we
go last time what oh crap an even bigger
one
oh oh look man no harm I mean no harm
please can we just talk it out yeah okay
so my name is tres and I have no idea
how I got here but three buzz after all
sake yeah heavy your way then
okay that's know where to shoot him
that's not where this year do whoa aah
yellow okay shoot him in the yellow has
always shoot him in the yellow
just you know it's bill he's shooting
them in the yellow
yeah like this this is a little more um
a little more bullet telly than a little
more bullet heli than a Metroid game
which is always nice everyone remembers
like the Mother Brain fight of Metroid
which is very bullet-hell but this is a
little more a little more dodgy bullet
II than at your standard Metroid game I
like that
beautiful boss would also love the
design of them
and shooting in the red
I don't know if you guys can hear like
how hard I'm clacking my buttons here
nice nice
yeah very Metal Slug II very Metal Slug
yeah I like them nice elect all the red
I want that last bit of red come here
come here
thank you any where's my prize
where's my prize don't I get a prize
maybe down here
this is ps4 right this is the Steam
version I think this is yeah this is on
ps4 and it might even be on Vita as well
but but a dick neutral gifted me the
Steam version because he thought I would
enjoy it and by the way dick you were
right I do indeed
I am enjoying this this is my this is
exactly my type of game oh there it is
there's my prize
what are we get what do I get gimme
gimme gimme gimme gimme gimme gimme
Andres dis ruptor corrupt swordy
corrupts weaker blocks and enemies use a
right button
oh that's a fun gun
it's just like a secret fine oh oh oh no
no yes it's kind of a secret finder
they have on it
can I hurt things
I know don't get out I get it I get it I
got it
yeah doesn't glitchy blocks from earlier
I'm getting it I'm feeling it lets you
all right yeah no I want to go I want to
go back
this instrument is the biggest
innovation for Metroid innovation
looks neat so far digging that digging
the luck really digging the the look of
the kind of glitchy the glitchy blocks
the purposefully glitchy blocks is the
adventure came talk over yet you know I
don't know if there was that much talk
it's you know and it just might not be
my thing I've been really enjoying the
text adventure games and so I think I'm
just with rich as I like those better
those are just my thing like this
cleaver
cleaver and now where were those glitchy
blocks gotta find those again can I just
do this two enemies I can do it open
they still hurt me okay but I cannot
okay
noob you
I'm brollies I remember all these things
are you should really start with maniac
mansion I didn't you know I don't know
about that
really there's nothing in this corpse
file nothing in the Garth file right by
the glitchy you I missed a door did I oh
yeah no I knew that sorry I just want to
now I want to I want to backtrack a
little bit see if I can open up new
areas get some new weapons I I know that
would be there was a door right by the
Colucci mushroom I want to see what else
I can get getting a little hiccup II do
sell that stuff what's down here let's
go down here please work
you should play Zork that would be fun
go back old school
ah Nick I need a long-range weapon to
deal with the my way run away run away
run away gonna die good good alright
died
I know and I agree global tornado where
it's like yeah I just adventure games
might or point-and-click adventure games
just might not be my thing you know the
reason I brought up my Canaria man and
sward and sorceries because I enjoyed
those games and Mike and Herriman was
nice I thought that was really fun and
cute it wasn't anything brain-busting
but you know I think I had a good time
playing it I wanna I think I got it for
free because I am a PS plus member but
you know so for me like it was free and
it was a fine distraction made me feel
good I I think I don't know if I've gone
on record to say I did not much enjoy
Psychonauts someone had asked me if I
played it I'd I did play it and I just
did not I just did not care for it was
not my thing
I didn't like
these guys just how you beat this yes
okay get out of here getting out of here
I can't coach those guys payment I was
gifted a copy of Witcher 3 and I am
considering claiming yes I shouldn't
take this guy kill me and go back to the
safe mind cuz I'm so boned come on just
kill me but you know I might enjoy what
you're free I don't know I don't know I
just don't know if I have time
blood-borne nearly killed me I loved it
too much and it was just it's just too
big a game do you think I would hate it
yeah it also like also I could I could
hate it and it might not be my thing
which is why I've kind of stayed away
from it cuz it doesn't necessarily look
like my thing you know we decided not to
do it for the show because we have some
big games coming up we want to get you
know we're looking at splatoon Arkham
Knight is coming out soon which we're
definitely doing because we're Batman
people but I know it's agree I do want
to try the glitch gun and everything
okay no I am yeah well I'm interested in
splatoon you know rich I made special
note of it during our during our e3
episode is like Nintendo has a new idea
what and so it's out we're thinking
about it I don't like these guys I'll
say because they kill me
gonna be cheap can beat you can try
beauty there we go
gonna be cheap
kill you kill yeah I got you
god I hate these guys okay fuck it guys
uh yeah they'll probably another a three
Episode III we got a good suggestion
last year that I wanted to implement
which was make it more best of the worst
style where rich and I watch them watch
the conference's together and get
comments that way which I thought was a
really fun idea so I definitely want to
do that now I keep three minutes it's
fun it's fun to watch the sales happen
got a respect to salesmen a good
salesman and I like watching the sales
happen so let's try it go ahead and try
sell me sound me I'm telling you
like a butterfly
my yeah you're my little butterfly I
don't know where that came from I
apologize
what is this
Journal page
great
Oh more more Journal great
just like a dielectric Jack playing
which Rose made me love them even more
and I don't understand how someone could
be against getting further insight into
characters in the world well being in
taste you know I don't know I think
they're the part of my part of my issues
with the dialogue tree is when when I
play a game I like to you know with
general escapism I put myself in the
role of the character but with the
dialogue tree I don't get to choose
exactly what I want to say I get to
choose what the developer wants me to
say and so if there is a situation in
which the character I'm playing as
decides to say something that I would
never say like a really prime example
would be in broken age in broken age
Bella this is no spoilers everyone knows
what I'm about to say because it's in
act 1 I heard these things working
come on did I go here we go
Bella is trying not to be killed by
Monica Katherine so she the monster is
attacking all the village and so she
decides to fight back against mog
chothra so later on in the game she's
trying to sneak her way into a different
maidens and ceremony to kill mog chothra
and in doing so you would think or Mia's
playing as Bella wouldn't want to tell
the other maidens that I want to kill
mog chothra but that was one of the only
few that was one of the only options was
to say I want to kill mog chothra it's
like you shouldn't say that if you want
to sneak into the mating ceremony Bella
I wouldn't want to say that but if I had
to because that's what the developer
said that takes me out of the world and
so that's one of my problems with
dialogue trees is I don't get to really
choose what I want to say and that ruins
the escapism for me
of course there are exceptions to this
there's always fun dialogue and then
like I mentioned during the well
apparently that happened
and I don't want to get that I get up
they're broken age has some really
clever dialogue and some of those
dialogue trees were just fun to go
through no matter what because because
the dialogue was so clever and fun but
in general that's just not my thing
I'm area
secret
it's a good time it's the time of the
secrets
oh yeah give me out here oh great that's
helpful so you know it's just one of
those things and you know like I yes you
guys know I take a hard line on
cutscenes and I think that games
shouldn't have them and so that's part
of the that's part of the thing is it
kind of takes me on that escapism but
it's fine it's fine if it's your thing
is your opinion and gaining on this game
so far I am invested in you like it
that's true dick neutral no so far I'm
liking it as I like these kind of games
you know I'm waiting to get into a
little more a little more meat but it's
it's good so far
like the atmosphere those uh now that
we're like those dead guys and that that
got me interested in building a
character wait hold on but but you
realize that these are characters that
are being built for you rather than you
building a character for yourself you're
playing as a character not yourself
right no no and I and I get that but and
that's the disconnect right that's the
disconnect that that ruins the the
suspension of disbelief it's it's to me
it's the same thing when I when a
character in a movie does something
completely illogical it it takes you out
of the moment it takes you out of it
takes you out of you being that
character because that's the same thing
for a movie you're supposed to be the
main character you're supposed to put
yourself in the shoes of the protagonist
and so maybe it's about the less about
the dialogue trees and more that I just
think the games that I've played have
had bad dialogue that could be a thing
too
you know I think I think our us that's
that's the difference between games and
movies is we are supposed to be these
characters they're not they're not just
characters or at least in the good ones
they're not just characters built for us
you know and in half-life we're Gordon
Freeman we make the decisions and
obviously we don't make all the
decisions it's still a programmed game
but they hide it enough to where we feel
like we're making the decisions
okay yeah there we go my first wall my
first wall I did it boom secret
what
I'm sorry what
Oh Dornoch big neutral I am enjoying
this I am enjoying this and I
what is anymore anyway
I am enjoying this and I appreciate the
gift
you know
I think it just I want more now that now
that we got two dead dudes I want to get
not every main character in a game has
to be a self-insert oh no not every game
has to be those are that's just what I
enjoy these are just the things that I
enjoy these are just opinions these are
just the things I enjoy and I'm trying
to explain why I enjoy them I had their
characters and being in the game it's
about you playing character venture
games are like that like in Larry you're
playing as Larry now yourself right but
you know I'm supposed to put myself in
Larry's shoes right it's supposed to be
me I'm supposed to feel like I'm making
the decisions so I feel clever when I
when I solve the puzzle
makes it just not my thing and it's fine
if it's your thing I'm not you know I
don't mean to belittle your opinion it's
just not my thing
what some examples of your favorite
video game characters right that's a
good that's a good question that's a
good question someone who does not much
care for story it's got a caravan for
characters over here
it's a good question I'll have to think
about that
oh yes if the bombs down get out of here
GUP dropping Guth bombs drop those bombs
on
Oh boom group bombs oh yeah I haven't
been using my glitch gun sorry
what's coochie
that's good you nothing okay
who's in taxi right
they Deponia
look at how weird these things look
I do like it I like glitching out all
the things it's funny
oh there's some over there okay what's
over there how do I get to it
secrets I just wanna make sure I didn't
miss anything over here
okay edit alright good so Jack you
believe you are
that's right character killing these
things right well let's see it's easy in
games like this to put yourself in that
in the character shoes because there's
there's no character there's no there's
no nothing I'm not really paying
attention to the story
which is something I do if you've been
paying attention to me that's what
you're supposed to feel like you're
supposed to feel like you jump in and
killing killing aliens and monsters and
shit
yeah
and that's the whole purpose of this
game is like I am jumping around and
killing monsters and it's it's even more
powerful than a movie okay here we go
here we go wait a minute wait wait a
tick oh I need a ball okay I can do this
I can set a reminder reminder one set I
need I need to so I do turn into a ball
is what we're saying
just the beginning of the difference
with a clich gun
okay
okay interesting don't mind me farting
around I really am Oh hope they don't
love me farting around because that's
what I'm doing that's how I play video
games this is why I always call myself
like a a notoriously slow gamer it's
because that's just what I do that's not
true we are not flying
sorry buddy
we like to refresh please we're still
online right
what's going on here mine doesn't say
we're offline back the screen has frozen
but you can still hear me right
yes no that's weird no my little my
little chatty box daddy's like what
makes me be able to see the chat really
easily and other stuff like admin stuff
is acting all cattywampus and it says
I'm offline right now so Kathy Wampus
thank you grabbing okay okay you can see
me great same state this is why I'm a
slow gamer because I really like I could
spend an entire game just taking this
drill to every single wall looking for
her looking for secrets
mmm-hmm I bet you're something that
looks that looks secret ish if I were to
say so myself that little ledge up there
is very suspicious don't you think like
it's suspicious
Oh fact I just can't read it after
driving it crazy it was probably nothing
tried just to like
