No More (audio or)Heroes (Part 3)
April 15, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fbsl0pQVRhU

yeah when like a couple minutes oh stop
talking okay I was I was talking about
how is that I'm sorry no it's okay
did people get that I prefer ramen over
phone oh they're far that's right
fuck Faisal Ferranti da ba so lucky that
I prefer I prefer Rama anyway rich for
anyone who doesn't know for anyone who's
new rich will mute all riches in control
of the stream tonight and rich will mute
both of us for any cutscene because he
really likes the cutscenes in this game
and apparently he will do so without
telling me because thank you you didn't
hear it I was talking about entire time
I'm sorry jack it's okay what do we
think of vegetative vegetarianism Wow
vegetarian vegetarianism rich I'm losing
it mr. Terry
a ranking spite
yeah how about it all right you give me
a minute
wait for me in the hallway right
mind if we do this somewhere else you're
the boss
stop checking me out like that you
killed them such a gentleman
are you asking out of tactical curiosity
or are you just fucking with me bet they
didn't offer much resistance you got a
problem with that know how to hide your
true self around here
hey I'm not accusing anybody a real
gentleman
I just turned my back but she didn't
strike you are fucking with me it's
actually pretty hard to take cheap shots
when your enemy is his bloodthirsty as
yourself
people like us think alike don't we
shall we you will pay with your life I
will now avenge my father something
tells me you watched too many samurai
movies little girl
what the hell was that okay and we're
back that's great
um vegetarianism I mean again you do you
do whatever works for you I'm not gonna
hate I I was a butcher for a long time
you know cut up animals I enjoy I enjoy
eating many animals and I think like I I
never have a problem with vegetarians
you know who who are just like oh you
know it's like a healthy lifestyle thing
like do whatever works for you I do have
a problem with vegetarians who are only
so because of Cruelty to Animals you
know they say like oh I don't like how
chicken farmers treat their chickens
that's all I'm not gonna do chickens and
it's like well that's I think that's a
the wrong attitude I think if you're if
you don't like how chicken farmers treat
chickens you should buy your chickens
from better chicken farmers which at
which by the way are incredibly like in
the age of the internet are incredibly
easy to find when when I worked at the
butcher shop I knew exactly where all of
our food came from I still buy me there
I knew like we could go and visit him
each one of the cows like there was all
local farmers you know and that was
incredibly important to me like there
there's some some great restaurants near
where I live who only yeah jack is pro
farmer surprised advised who
who only buy from local farmers where
it's like that's the important stuff is
like choosing where you get your meat
from and listen you're not gonna get
quality meat from Purdue or any of the
mass chicken farmers who make chicken
nuggets by the millions
that's not you're not gonna get good
chicken right fine to find the good
stuff near you find the good farms and
buy your meat from there I don't know if
that's a controversial beer or not I
don't think that is the correct way to
go about becoming a vegetarian ah but
also I'm not a vegetarian so maybe my
opinion doesn't matter
bounce back nope
mother fucker
that's right like listen to dr. kill the
cat who's saying he he were he worked in
livestock and visited many farms farmers
love their animals and they're doing the
best they can to do a good job but it's
a dying profession there are less
farmers and they're becoming more
franchises and that's that's the real
thing and so it's like supporting and
you know what it might mean you have to
pay a little more for your meat and it
might me and Dad you know you won't get
you know like it you have to go out of
your way to get it but if you support
the people who are who are producing
good stuff then then they'll be more
often
and it's it's really sad that like
quality meat is becoming like a a niche
market you know it's really the farm the
farmer in me is coming out right you
know it wasn't a big deal growing up we
you know we we lived in a farming
community and it's like you know killing
animals was all part of it and treating
the animals that you were going to eat
Wow it was never a question where it's
like I'm going to eat this but this is
the thing that that I'm gonna that I
that is I'm going to use for nutrition
why wouldn't I treat it as best as I
could you know if there's a logically
when it comes to profits over quality of
me that that I don't understood you know
where it's like the farmers aren't
eating that the farmers aren't eating
the chickens that like have no legs and
and like crawl around the barn floor no
I'll stop ranting about farms and meats
now it's fine everything's fine yeah
yeah no no you know what dr. dey says
there were a bunch of hominids that were
vegetarians and they're all extinct too
just saying yeah come on we've evolved
evolution evolution doesn't play a
factor into our lives anymore that
doesn't matter anymore I think there's
been some kind of misunderstanding I
never thought your father calm down a
little
Jacobs was my mentor I'd never kill him
I watched master Jacobs teachings on
video over and over till the fucking
tape wore out we've never met in person
do it how about kill yourself after you
kill me sounds like a bitch straight out
of a samurai movie donut shut up shut up
and kill me already
you've already dishonored me enough do
it yourself please
I'll fight you anytime anywhere until
there
another victory trellis you are now
right if you get a killer she's still
young
but I still have to follow the
association's rules of conduct
he'll know then white takes the risk of
her coming back for revenge
kill when you can kill that's bullshit
all I want to do is fight someone better
than me she'll grow up why not kill her
when she's stronger yeah then I'll kill
her I I was I was up front ahead of time
that I was going to be during the
cutscenes it's not like I'm talking and
just cutting Jack out yeah everything is
stopping for the cutscene because I like
this game I wanted to re-experience this
game I want to watch the cutscenes this
is this is the stick for tonight and I'm
down with it and that's fine I know some
people in the chat really hate scenes
I'm sorry I'm trying to be less of a
jerk yeah I normally I would had some
kind of funny sarcastic thing to say but
I'm sorry I like cussing don't you worry
about it if this is the stick for
tonight you keep it going
also fleshy patch thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
one last thing I will say on the whole
farms and chicken and you know good meat
thing I did see somewhere in the chat
someone was saying like they can't
afford the good chicken you know and
here's the other part here's the other
part of this situation which i think is
drastically and vitally important
as Americans we eat too much and I think
anyone who's ever been to a shopping
mall knows this to be true yeah we eat
too much especially meat like meat is
not Capote you're not supposed to have
these giant portions you're not supposed
to have a couple chicken breasts you
know like you're not supposed to eat the
whole chicken though the whole chicken
is for the whole family whereas and it's
kind of a chicken and an egg thing
pardon the pun which is farmers are
trying to keep up demand for chicken
nuggets you know and people are eating
too much chicken nuggets and so they
have to meet demand for chicken nuggets
and so they can't have the quality
because people want to eat these chicken
nuggets right and so the this is this is
the real thing where it's like you can
get the good meat it's going it's not
going to be an everyday thing meats you
shouldn't necessarily be in everyday
thing I was constantly throwing out
value sized packages of like you know
chicken wings chicken legs and like we
got an insane number of boxes of that
shit in every day and like you know
every package you know every two wings
that's a full chicken every package is
like 20 chickens that's one grocery
store the amount of chickens this
country kills every year's gotta be just
amazing right right right
and so like and I I see everyone's
asking for the mute button now and I
will try to get off of my soapbox oh oh
either that or they just didn't want to
hear they just didn't want to hear me
preach about
I was talking on a phone I already muted
you like twice in a row oh I felt bad oh
oh
I let that cutscene go rich yeah you've
started a stick for tonight you have to
keep with them you have to keep it this
is just I want to enjoy the cutscenes
and this game has good cutscene so I
figured people on the chat you know
people watching might actually be
something oh sure Oh ace gigolo there
was no way I could know it was a joke it
was typed out the sarcasm fun remember
we need the sarcasm in any case what's
light I don't even know if I have
lighter news I can tell you this
yesterday I actually I had the episode
done Monday nights and I and I pulled a
crazy all-nighter
I had it all edited the the blood-borne
episode and the the real problem is once
it's done it's not it's not done because
you have to render it out which takes an
hour or so then you have to watch it to
make sure that the render was successful
you know cuz cosmos gesture cosmos
gesture thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
so after you render the episode you have
to watch it again because oftentimes
when you render something out you know
when you export the movie file little
glitches can occur audio glitches and so
it's really important to then watch it
afterwards and so like I'd finish you
added and instead of pretty late to
finish the Edit and then I've rendered
out and I needed to upload it because
also because the episodes are long and
you know it's
high definition it takes a long time to
upload to YouTube and I wanted it done
by Tuesday morning yeah so like I
started rendering it out and I needed to
stay awake to watch it Monday night and
it was very late Monday night I mean you
know like I started rendering it out at
like 11:30 midnight and I needed to stay
awake in order to then watch it so I
could start uploading it to YouTube so
it could be ready fresh Tuesday morning
you know and you know it's just like
okay this is my job tonight
you know I stayed up super late I got it
I got it out the render was fine it was
I was also a little like delirious from
being up so late because I wake up very
early and so I watched it and everything
seemed fine so I started uploading to
YouTube like yes I did my job I will
have the episode ready by Tuesday
morning get the thumbnail all made outs
the upload to YouTube went fine send all
the info to Jay who updates the website
and makes it go live it's like all right
yes Tuesday morning I did it and then
there was a problem at the studio so Jay
didn't uploaded it didn't get uploaded
until Wednesday morning I was like I
could have gotten to bed at a reasonable
time and I was really obsessed by my ps4
like I had to refer hard-driving just
something wacky happened the last stream
I must have unplugged it before it was
done shutting down so I had to start
from scratch so I haven't been that yet
no and I also have not beaten it yet
I've gotten I've gotten pretty far I
think I'm close to the end I of course I
have no idea how it ends because I've
been doing a good job of avoiding
spoilers but like I've gone back and
forth I've been doing a whole bunch of
the the chalice dungeons I haven't done
much chalice dungeon stuff oh yeah I
know they're fun it's it's fun and you
know did you get like any of the uncanny
or lost versions of any of the weapons
because that's a weird thing I have no
I've not gotten any fancy weapons in the
same except you can use different gems
that's exciting yeah so I've still not
beaten it I'm up to like I have no idea
how many hours but that's the thing all
like all yesterday while I was waiting
for the episode to go up I was just
playing blood-borne to play and join the
shit out of it this morning - great game
great fucking game Jax jobs in both Jax
job involves pulling all-nighters for
things he barely makes money on by the
way welcome to the Internet that's
that's how it's office work it's really
true i wiii make prereq because we enjoy
it it's certainly you know it is what it
is it's fine reason to play games it
gives us a reason to play games it gives
the end you know what hopefully it gives
us a voice you know - a voice to do
these live streams which I know you know
I know you guys enjoy we enjoy doing
them they kind of work hand in hand the
review show streams we recently got
mentioned in an article I'm gonna
retweet it tomorrow rich we we were
named as one of the 12 people in gaming
you should be watching really by some
website wow yeah we and named amongst
some very that we were named amongst
some people that I watch like we were
named amongst like game theory I can't
believe that
and the the person writing the article
said like go to their YouTube channel
and you're gonna see a lot of twitch
broadcasts but check out you know like
the previously recorded review series
that's what the real meat of it and that
you know that that's and so it's like I
understand like these twitch broadcasts
aren't for everyone we really enjoy them
and I hope but I think I think both of
them work hand in hand you know the
review series along with the live
broadcasts game game theory backed up my
theory on Mario Galaxy III the time I
played galaxy III I thought that
Rosalita was supposed to be Mario and
peaches daughter basically universe got
born rebirthed and game theory talked
about all of that shit basically they
had the same exact thoughts on Mario
Galaxy that I did oh that's great
interesting and I'm sorry for saying
some website I'm looking I'm going
through Twitter right now to find he
tweeted at us and I didn't want to
retweet it because I just tweeted out
like the episode and I knew I was gonna
tweet about streaming so I didn't want
to over tweet you can't over tweet rich
can never over tweet
I just know we need to find an excuse to
do a Wii game so that we can have an
excuse to buy a second yeah all right to
buy you over you I was so much more
convenient to set this up today if I had
sure yeah HD ready with an HDMI out
because the we still standard if I
bought some special years ago some
special cables to kind of play this and
somewhat HD it's like least at least
higher than standard def it's a little
bit better image quality sure and I want
to set that up today and I was getting a
black and white image Oh
black I eventually figured it out but
for a while I was I was calling Jack
before I stream because I wanted a
streamer I was too early I wanted I
wanted to because I knew I was gonna
pause in the cutscenes so I wanted to be
more than halfway through this game
before Jack showed up so I just just so
I couldn't wouldn't be rude all night to
Jack muting the cutscenes maybe I'll get
through no more here's quick and we'll
start doing something else see but I
need an excuse to have a leave okay
Wow 24/7
yes that is it
Wow 24/7 dot code dot uk'
some website twelve fantastic youtube
gaming channels that you should be
wondering send me send me a link to that
will I will email you a link I'll
retweet it tomorrow for anyone who
doesn't want to go through the trouble
of googling that but very flattered
obviously but I do think they made a
good point I'm saying like you know
because we do upload cuts of all the
twitch streams to the YouTube channel
yeah and I do wish you know like did
they mostly like our streams they mostly
liked our reviews okay they they said to
like don't they were warning people like
don't be scared by the stream that's
great
which you know like oh you sure like it
they look like just streamers but they
have this one huge show that you should
be watching I do wish I wish you two had
a feature where you could subscribe oh
that was not a good party job this Park
can give you extra points no that's
great in any case I and I've actually
like contacted YouTube a couple times
like asking for feature requests I wish
there was a way to subscribe to a
playlist you know where where there are
some people who have channels that I
enjoy but I only want certain content
from those channels and and I could I
could feel I could see people feeling
the same way about our channel like only
liking previously recorded and not
liking previously recorded live there's
a reason they uploaded a red letter
media right
there's our idea but so we do produce
content fast we do this streaming stuff
we might let clog up rather to me you
would just that's really not right
oh right right no and you know like it
works like we we get a we get steady
YouTube viewership and you know we're
good community and more anymore so I
like this I like the live chat I like I
like engaging with you guys live I think
that's but anyway a previously recorded
live I've always thought that the stream
videos and YouTube could be a stream tag
or something yeah well you know we we
have all of our streaming videos under
the the streaming playlist and all of
our previously recorded with the onion
fries in the quarter playlist and you
know like we punched all of like the
animations that people have made into
their own playlists so hopefully
hopefully you know like no matter what
you're looking for in our videos you can
find them easily but
I always do this as a podcast really I
don't give a shit what you play well and
then I think that's fine you raised your
voice yes I think that's great night
I do think like just like what happened
right there I think this is the thing
that makes live-streaming unique is this
like is talking with you guys if you
have a question if you want if you have
a joke you know like if you want to know
something we can discuss things back and
forth obviously on a bit of a delay but
fun it's it's much more immediate than
like emailing us or something like that
and I think that's where the real
uniqueness of twitch comes into play and
that's what I like about it
we can interrupt the chat apparently I
can just say horribly mean things to
people and as you know what rich as long
as it's funny it doesn't matter that's
the real thing maybe that was just the
problem
mmm j-mac like oh maybe maybe should be
nice and people rich I think you're an
asshole what you know that means rich
you just weren't being funny enough well
kill where I mix Punk what's your
question if you just say you have a
question that doesn't do me much good
I see a lot of Jim sterling talk I don't
know who that is
I don't know I don't know Jim sterling
if it bit me on the ass anyway I you
know what a sigle I have seen that
rebirth here here's here's the fucked up
thing rich and I know you don't care
about the world so this is just gonna be
me talking it was announced on April 1st
April Fool's Day that The Binding of
Isaac rebirth is coming to the Wii U and
3ds Nintendo has a very strict no
religion in games policy and a very
strict you know moderation policy on
what games come to their systems and so
The Binding of Isaac was not meeting
those criteria at all but according to
its creators it is coming to Nintendo
with no editing really this was of
course announced on April 1st oh here's
the thing on April 2nd they said that
the real joke was that you guys all
thought this was a joke it's really
happening
right yeah and they like the I follow
Tyrone Rodriguez the head developer like
on Twitter and he is like showing
pictures of it running on the Wii U I
still do not believe it and and since
since that April first joke they have
been continuing with the story that it
is actually happening and I still do not
believe it because they're the kind of
people that would play out the sick
fucking joke I won't believe it until I
see it on the store how about that I
want to believe it I guess it doesn't
really matter to me I already own it
twice no I already own it three times no
I literally own the binding of isaac
rebirth three times and also the binding
of isaac the regular just once but in
any case it doesn't matter to me
I'm excited if it does really happen
because that's hopefully saying you
muted me or you do what you do perfect I
got out of the bike that's terrible look
at this look at this I watched it I saw
it and you know what
great perfect perfect perfect
oh god it's too perfect it's too perfect
you know all rich just stop playing
right now and it won't get any better no
no it's so close to the little star on
the ground yeah that when I hit the
button to use the ATM machine I get back
on the bike I'm close to the bike ah I
can't I can't do the thing it's like the
twilight zone jack it's like The
Twilight Zone
I finally got my perfect parking job and
and it's terrible I can't I can't do
what I wanted to do like you got
everything you ever wanted but it turned
out to be not what you want to know I've
learned a terrible ironic listen I'm
sorry rod sterling my hubris
oh my hubris love it I love it I love it
I love every single second of it
that's great so you had to you had to
get back on your bike and do not as good
a parking job just so you could yeah I
don't I I watched one I've watched
exactly one totalbiscuit video I also
know nothing about him
I like I said I stopped watching them as
much when we started doing our thing is
I don't want to hear his opinion on shit
we might do but Jeremy he's a great
place to go when you just hear about
some weird game he's got this series
called you know what the fuck is wTF is
blah blah blah yeah well the thing weird
game you just know the name you don't
know much else he's probably got a video
that explains what the games all about I
think when you were what it was your
idea to do the banner saga and I want to
say you pointed you're like oh here we
can watch this video I think that's the
only video of his I've ever seen I know
nothing about him okay so yeah light and
like rich said and like we've talked
about a bunch we don't watch like I try
not to watch other review gaming review
shows especially on games that we might
do like I'll still watch game theory
because they're great and the game
theorist
purple space bazooka thank you for
subscribing
we really appreciate sausage toes thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it
it's true we very much appreciate it
he had cancer so let's get at cancer is
he better had cancer or has cancer
dances no Joker it's a real thing no
videos obviously no matter what you
think about it no cancer sighs sure yeah
are we sure liked Riggle tricky let's
play isn't a fan of his maybe he just
had cancelled apparently people liked
his video so hopefully he doesn't have
canceled either there you go oh he's
doing better good that's good
oh I'm sorry to hear that Lawson
technicolor I hope you get better with
your cancer cancer is a cancer is it's a
big thing right now
right now we're always oh well it's it's
quite possible that people have died
from cancer
for eons but now we just know it's
cancer you know saw your next prereq is
shovel knight which i love why did you
wait so long to bring it to the series
like both Oryx and I have played shovel
knight I want to say I 100% completed
shovel Knight are not a 100% but I
completed shovel Knight only on stream
which means that the only time I ever
played shovel knight was on stream and I
beat the game it's getting a PlayStation
it's getting a Mina a ps4 and a vita
release which makes it slightly fresh
again and after playing something as
intense as blood-borne we wanted to make
sure that just for riches and eyes
sanity we play something a little
lighter a breather a breather something
that's a blood-borne is a good chunk of
game right there yeah
God yet is vada so you know what we do
and and in general we do try to vary it
up you know yeah you know bigger game
smaller game bigger game smaller game so
we just did a triple-a release now we're
gonna do a smaller game as far as
smaller games go though you know a
shovel knife is the tallest neutral
yes and and by the way rich has a very
good angle we won't we won't spoil it
rich came up with a very good angle and
I am curious to energy doesn't like go
up and come back down
like it actually has like a little pole
and it's just shooting between the two
sure a little more scientifically yeah
yeah I think that I think that is
wonderful
oh and for Dave to bond we are both
going to replay it oh yeah we've both
played it on the PC I'm going to play it
on the be down as it's coming to the
Vita because that'll give it a little
fresh perspective planean as a handheld
and Richards gonna play it on the ps4
there they're adding kratos from God of
War as a boss fight yeah and so and
that'll make it give us a little fresh
perspective and make us play it again
which is great so the sexual alright
it's always fucking self
I don't have a favorite video game
engine I don't you know I think engine
engine that was the question Jack what's
your favorite video game engine it
doesn't matter
he's the answer is the game good that's
the thing that really matters
sure was that unreal no it was a doom 3
engine is the doom 3 night he makes the
row shit I don't know I know it's not it
anymore I got bought up with somebody
else and everyone that used to be there
is gone sorry no I don't know what what
it's like there now but John Carmack he
was the engine man oh ok sure
I don't I I don't know about those
things I know everything's made with the
unity because that's the that's a cheap
and easy way to make things if I mean I
say cheap and easy but it's you know
it's easier than making your own engine
obviously I'm a huge fan of source
because I'm a valve fanboy and but
exactly it doesn't matter what engine
lighting Oh
according to twitch plays Pokemon it
still makes their own engines John
Carmack is too busy trying to make
spaceships now Oh apparently internally
built engines have come back into style
really what does that even mean
they've come back into style all people
are probably doing it for a longest time
people just license Steve every Unreal
Engine every before that it was like the
quake engines then after doom 3 nobody
liked doom 3 and it became unreal
everything everything was unreal I mean
that you would see that Unreal logo on
everything
yeah I do remember that I'm an older man
though
I remember when when the quake engine
was the shit quite quite three and quick
- everyone wanted to use those sure well
yeah that's the thing you're older I
remember unreal and obviously any indie
game on Steam is gonna use source it's
gonna use the valve engine source but
yeah the steam engine is called source
well the valve ins
oh yeah I see some people saying steam
engine and that's good that's they
that's the source engine that's right
ace gigolo rich you're not an older man
you're a mature man yeah yes and you're
right all the indie stuff well well it
depends all the indie stuff on Steam
that is to be with 3d models is unity
all the indie stuff that is 3d with 3d
models oh is that true hotline Miami is
made in game maker I know I know that
risk of rain is made in game
and game maker is game maker is a is a
is obviously game making software that
is very cheap even even for bigger
bundles and apparently pretty intuitive
as whores like drag and drop and risk of
brain is made with game maker can I say
that I love that he says he shouts out
deserts desert names for his power-ups I
mean you can say that my favorite is
strawberry on the shortcake
I mean good
what let's the chat just something I
don't want to repeat that made me giggle
that's all that's it still well I
couldn't I couldn't now I was laughing I
couldn't help him I couldn't I couldn't
help laughing oh there we go
mustard on the hotdog that's funny it is
if you're doing it right people born in
2000 are only 15 right that's true
that's true there could be people born
when I graduated high school or better
now I do wonder like I wonder if I was
like if I was fifteen right now would i
watch gaming streams I probably
it's very different being an adult I
like gaming streams now because I guess
I would have I'm sure this will come up
during the shovel knight discussion sure
sure the shovel knight this guy
discussion AKA we're old manual I am a
1981 born person 33 years old as we
discuss there you go
there you go
younger than some older than others
exactly the same age as others yes these
are the things I'm saying because I'm
thought I'm trying to feel fine I mean
these are that thing that I said it
wasn't 100% staged cool that's the thing
like but like so HBase Pokemon says the
for gaming streams I used to spend a lot
of time playing various games and doing
demos but I also spend time like just
watching my friends play game you know
we would play games but you didn't get
to play all the time and so just like
being in the same room as someone who's
playing a game is something that
happened often and so that's all this is
is an extension of that and like I'll
still you know if I have like ten
minutes to kill in ten minutes I can't I
can't like start up and get a quick ten
minutes of blood-borne right yeah it's
not that kind of game but you know what
I can do I could turn on twitch and
watch someone else play it for ten
minutes just to get some ideas and
mostly I'm thinking of pooping or it's
like if I'm sitting on the John for 10
minutes and I didn't bring my video with
me then it's like okay I'll just turn on
twitch watch someone else play
blood-borne against my no I don't like
that
yes whatever okay I've just this is what
I'm saying you like of course you do
that's our job
do you guys deduct the cost of prereq
game from your taxes yes not only games
movies ever everything everything
entertainmentwise I that's how it works
though that's that is a business expense
and in talking with my accountant to
this year as this is the first year I'm
doing taxes after the gaming show
started he had a lot of questions yeah
wait a minute
really this question really more so is
just like this so and you know of course
I've been in an independent film
producer or you know like a media
producer for a while so he's used to
strange stuff but he's just like so
video games
huh yeah it was just like a it was just
like a explain to me how you're making
money off of this so I can explain it to
the government no that is not true any
food that we're eating while streaming
can not be used as a facts about and
food in general like
you can deduct portions of meals but
it's not a hundred percent of the moon
like for cracks or this is like video
games and stuff yeah this is these are
all business expenses and every one of
them is you know mark receipts are
scanned or saved as this is like
honestly the most boring business talk
in Ojai a very apt because today is
taxed in if you haven't mailed out your
taxes yeah no I like keeping track of
all of the of all of the games we buy of
all of the equipment we buy like
literally i deducted those matches that
we bought those matches are why I guess
I'll deduct them next year but like I
had to account for those hundreds of
thousands of matches that we bought to
burn the order
120% certain you will die I love Sylvia
how Rebecca yeah a lot of a lot of
people don't like that character I think
she's a bitch and I'm like yes that's
the point to continue with tax talk I
see some people asking possibly joking
questions but I'll answer them seriously
because I just did my taxes electricity
so I have a home office and so what I
have to do is figure out the entire
square footage of my house
and the percentage of my house that is
my home office and then I can take that
percentage of my electrical bill my
water bill my internet bill my phone
bill and deducted for my taxes it's not
a hundred percent but that's only
because I have a home office like if I
had a different office you can deduct I
want more of that but because I have a
home office yes I can I can deduct
things like electricity but like any
like my Netflix subscription I deduct
because I have to watch movies you know
if I ever rent a movie or buy a movie I
keep track of that and deduct that I
deduct absolutely everything I can
because that's how it works
and that was very serious tax talk here
I'm previously recorded
what
I thought I wouldn't make it here on
time had to take care of some customers
that filed complaints my apologies so
much to do I can't stand these people
with all their nonsense complaints they
think they can just say anything it's
crazy but anyway I'm here I made it on
time that's the important thing right I
take it you're mr. 8u you're ranked not
me well actually it is me oh that makes
sense
never mind then we've got a job to do
but first I need some time to get ready
would you mind turning the other way I
need some privacy privacy yes I need to
prepare whatever don't mind me pretend
I'm not even here
I just need you to look the other way
for a second a second dad it's just a
split second I don't think it's too much
to ask deal then we can get on with our
fight that is correct
all right
damnit whoa that was close
for a second there I forgot that you
were a killer sorry if I scared you I
didn't mean to do that something's wrong
with me today
I let my guard down getting sloppy I
gotta stay on my toes mind if I ask you
something yeah what is it mr. cosplay
we're both assassins right why do we
have to kill each other anyway he asked
me
it's absolutely meaningless it's about
determining who's best that's what it's
about
can't argue with that well then let's
get started what you want to shake hands
we're both fighters aren't we not
killers at least for now this is a sign
of sportsmanship that we respect each
other before and after the fight good
luck
likewise destroy spark
this is correct is this guy an idiot or
one joke you fell for the oldest trick
in the book
oh man you are something ha this is the
best man you really crack me up
seriously I think I might really die
from laughter I thought I was gonna die
there for real and look at you you look
like you're dead I guess it's time for a
wake-up call
this is where it gets good good night
that was quite a move he'll admit you've
got potential
if challenge had a taste you've been
quite delicious yeah sure
bring it on I love a challenge and I'm
gonna be honest which that cutscene was
a little too long so I went to go pet
this kid
I heard biscuit in the other room and I
was like I'm just gonna go pet my cat I
did see someone bring up bring up
something that that is really upsetting
to me which is delighting in the blood
borne so yeah and I'm sure you notice
bridge I did both rich and I do not look
our best and and here's the real and I
think I've talked about this before
we did get some dedicated prereq lights
cuz you know part of the part of the
issue with prereq isn't I like where
we're moving lights were stealing lights
from Mike and Jay and every every time
we set him up it's a whole new setup so
we did invest in some new lights for
prereq which I'm very excited about
they're coming this week we got some
nice soft LED lights that I'm really
looking forward to playing around with
and more more so than just playing
around with I'm really looking forward
to finding the perfect setup and keeping
them that way no longer will you know
they have to take the lights and use
them over for a half and bag investment
go get our lights that we can keep
exactly how he likes it because I know
it's rough and and but you should have
seen I'll see if I can find a before and
after job you should have seen before I
did color correction oh really oh my god
it was horrible my lighting job was
fucking Big Ups to Adobe SpeedGrade they
performed some magic they made it look
as good as it did I mean it was it bad
before it was really bad I'll find that
will be funny or not because it's you
mine is really subtle changes you had
some crazy shadows you know what happens
it happens but we're gonna figure this
out I'm very I'm very excited about our
our own prereq lights I don't have a
picture of rich with the blanket on his
head with the broken headphones we
should or so all I was thinking is while
you're building the TV stand today was
like oh we should take a picture of you
building a TV stand because of the best
building did you see the episode oh wait
oh yeah we talked about me enjoying
building furniture and then I put it as
a box quote for bloodborne yeah yeah and
so like I put it as a bach coat for
bloodborne
which is i really enjoy building desks
yes I get it but it's not a videos you
complain about something
someone was asking me to complain about
something I mean I don't know if I have
anything right off the top of my head
here's what I can complain about I can't
I started watching daredevil with my
wife yeah
and you know sometimes we have different
schedules and so like if I have a
morning free I can't just been binge
watch daredevil I have to wait for her
to them watching yeah absolutely
Kahlua puffs thank you for subscribing
again let's appreciate that's actually
the trickiest situation with binge
watching in general is if you're like if
you wanna like you have to choose you
need to either keep up with everyone
else or the person you're watching yeah
I can I can watch three episodes max
really yep
oh my god that's unacceptable oh yeah oh
yeah it's it's it's it makes it
sometimes I'll just bite the bullet nah
I'll watch something twice with her you
know oh go ahead and then pretend I
haven't let's see what happens next and
I'll Audrey watch three things three
episodes of already sick like and I
can't do that she'll see right through
me I'm gonna pull you down terrible iron
so it's just like
you know it's it's a it's a first one
problem for and for those asking to chat
where you find a woman who's into
counterfeit stuff go to a comic book
store with any of girls like comic books
there's plenty of nerdy girls out just
gotta find the way
so ya know I'm liking that that's a
really great thing about Lisa where it's
just like she's down with the binge
watching if we have the only problem is
we don't have the time anymore we're
very limited adults watching TV time now
and so but you know if we have the time
man we will we will go through god damn
it
oh god damn it indeed
what the fuck is a comic book start find
your local comic book store and just
hang out there I died first time I've
died on destroy man in like five years
Oh oh my god I'm so sorry Richard I am
too I am too if you fight if you can't
find a girl who's into comics to settle
for a man it says riot you know unless
you're gay you know since that's why did
you do that first but then why even look
for a girl if you're game if you're a
gay man why even look for girl children
confirmed for a bad idea children eat up
a lot of time I don't want to you have
to be prepared for that you have to be
prepared for children to pick up a lot
of time they have their own don't have
or don't have him if you're not in the
confines as well as someone who has
children I completely understand people
who don't want them they as they take up
a lot of time but be prepared for that
be prepared for that but it's a it's a
it's a good thing if you if you like
children
and I ain't watching they're good people
if you teach them correctly they're
Center spoiled they're horrible assholes
at first but you teach them you'll learn
them good rich you learn them real good
you get someone to take care of you when
you're old that's possible that's why
you have to treat them very well you
have to make them like me that's the
important part
yeah it's very hard if they don't like
you though then you're fucked but you
also can't like it can't be nothing but
them liking you I do need to be strictly
also the the real victory with children
which is you get to mold part of the
next generation but this is the
generation that no matter what will care
for you when you're old - no man I mean
like whether they're your children or
not they're gonna be your doctors right
they're gonna be the people that look
out for you and so like for example
teaching my children that there are only
three Star Wars movies is very important
and they will grow up knowing only three
Star Wars movies
Paul Rako says as a parent aren't you
afraid that they will grow up to be an
asshole yes I am afraid that but you
know I'm doing I tried to teach him not
to be an asshole that's that's your
number one job teach him not to be an
asshole
empathy enough to teach them and that's
some of our biggest talks how would that
make me how would that make you feel if
you if someone said that
dr. J says so decades of treating them
well so they can be nice to you in the
last three shitty years
yeah the cost-benefit ratio was kind of
whack there you know I could see that
unless you raised like the future
President of the United States so Obama
Clinton before that Clinton did not come
from I want to say he was big on the
scholarship but he he came from a poor
southern family bill not the next
president which I mean it's gonna happen
people you can't yeah it's a good idea
you know as far as right now that's
what's going to happen whether it's a
good idea is the country swinging right
or left right it's it's ringing what win
pretty big the last elections yeah yeah
yeah I don't know if they still have
momentum from that you know they're
they're losing a lot of their religious
right but I still think in general as
far as like momentum and popular vote
Hillary hasn't right now what is this I
hear from a seventh ranked killer
whatever it's over anyway
and we're back and you know rich you
were correct to mute as we're getting
into political talk okay I think you are
I like and like I said I I am not
officially saying like it is a good or
bad idea to vote for Hillary I'm just
saying as far as like as far as what I
think is going to happen that's that's
what I think is gonna happen like no
matter no matter what I and everyone
everyone knew that Bush jr. was getting
a second term
no no one no one liked I don't even
remember his name who ran against Bush
clear sec Kerry John Kerry nobody like
John Kerry even liberals didn't like
John Kerry and nobody nobody thought
that uh Mitt Romney was going to win
whether you liked him or not Barack at
the moment and so that's what it's all
about is momentum so I'm not I'm not
saying anything is right or wrong I'm
just saying what I feel and
Hey when I hit number one you better be
looking your best no need to pretty out
I want you to see me for who I really am
serious
and we're back okay so speaking the
Farscape
oh oh you know what I was gonna make a
fart joke Oh
Travis's character has a motivational
jack if if he makes it to rank one
Sylvia might sleep with him that's not
motivation that's that's totally his
motivation he did she say she would she
implied she might I guess
she's obviously just fucking with him as
the player you know that she's fucking
yes but he but his character thinks that
it might be I mean that's I guess that's
fine motivation is it like is it weird
that motivation look Chet you can call
Travis a retard but the fact is she does
kind of end up falling for him in the
end you know sure sure
does it work does he get some I'm not
saying oh you know how you got spoiling
it I'm not spoiling it oh I like that
Jack's thoughts on cutscenes is more
controversial than anything he can say
on politics I'm just gonna say downward
fucking dog you've played the games you
know exactly what I'm talking about
downward fucking dog how about f-prot
ski thank you for subscribing we very
much appreciate it
you know I did character motivation is
an important thing to me
I like escapism hi I like losing myself
in a story so yes I would want to make
sure and and if the motivation is that
he just wants to get some I think that
is clear motivation so that's fine you
know downward-facing dog is a yoga
position yes I know yeah it's it's a
reference to a dialogue in the second
I'm sure I'm sure
dungeon master blaster thank you for
subscribing and I've really enjoyed that
name I think that's a good name
Dungeon Master Blaster yes
it's referencing to thanks yes I agree
it's an efficient user name how do you
lose yourself in a story with no
cutscenes that's that's the question I
just say cutscenes are fine cutscenes
are fine this is thrown out this is the
question that gaming is this is the the
the call that gaming is trying to answer
and so like in in blood-borne there are
these little for example just because
that's the game of I opinions I'm
talking about but I'm little bits and
pieces like the bits of the little girl
but overall as a story but it's like
overall you're getting you're getting as
a player you're getting little pieces
and you know you talk to people in
Windows and you have an idea of the
world you're out hunting beasts but the
beasts talk like humans and are afraid
of you it's lots of hints though it's
not a narrative structure exactly
exactly it's lots of hints and so like I
as a player I get to
kind of piece together what I think is
happening just as I think my character
is trying to piece together I know I
know lots of people like that supposedly
the other Souls games are like that
doing people love talking about the lore
and and so like so someone is asking how
you can get immersed in this story and
it's because the story is in my head
there there's no greater immersion than
the illusion that I've created and every
piece you know like adds a little chunk
to the story that's in my head and it's
not ruined but your way you don't you
don't get downward fucking dog you right
I die you know what my way what I don't
get is like I don't get clever writing
and I don't get structure but structure
and immersion aren't necessarily the
same thing right oh sure sure but but so
like that this is like the big
difference and you know hopefully like
we delved into this a little bit during
the blood-borne discussion but like
there is a difference in video games
two regular stories and and this is one
of the big differences like us as the
player making our own narrative as if we
would in real life because it's a
different type I'm just saying one one
one method of storytelling doesn't need
to be completely discarded for all time
that's no that's true and I'm gonna
that's fine that see it's just not a
type of storytelling that I like okay
okay that is fair yeah well we're all
with you but Jack is there a gunshot
fade to black in your head no there
never is champ I I would just be annoyed
because the fun cutscenes would be
interrupted and stop to force me to push
a button when I there's no real need to
push button there's a cutscene just
gonna play out the way the cutscene is
gonna play out
so that would be extremely irritating
but this game doesn't have cuties so
it's fine yeah well I mean cuties I like
QuickTime events are a whole that's a
whole different right they should just
call them events like it's not like
there's a strict time limit it's not
like you you could you could fail one of
those unless maybe you're like
handicapped mm-hmm like you're like
missing all the fingers on your right
hand controller on the floor and hit
with your toe well but I suppose if you
if you're missing all the fingers on
your hand you're playing with your toes
in general so so then it should be fine
and I like that it's you know quasi lame
there there's one one bit in in our
discussion that I'd like to bring up
what they're saying they but Jack yet
you prefer to stop and read endless
paragraphs during the gameplay of
Metroid and and this is just tying into
our whole story or what not but but see
the thing with Metroid Prime is part of
the game mechanic is scanning things to
get information that is integral to the
game you scan enemies to get information
on their weak points you scan doors to
open them that you scanning is a part of
the game and then so scanning lore is
integrated into that gameplay mechanic
therefore I like it is there a good game
that has QuickTime events I mean like if
you're gonna complain that have
QuickTime events but they're not good
because of the QuickTime events like
vanquishes a handful sure there's not
enough of them that really detract from
the game the the question is is there a
QuickTime event that makes a game here's
a question for the chat is there a
QuickTime event that is fun that's well
this is the thing where as I ever been a
gameplay macaque right like has like
have you ever had a QuickTime event
where you're like oh man I nailed that
isn't it just for stupid people to make
them think they're doing that thing on a
game they're not really doing no no but
I here's the thing what you've done is I
mean you've insulted them but that was
that was just a harsh opinion yeah it
was and it's like yeah like God of War
Gears of oh god I couldn't play God of
War I fucking hated that shit you do the
fancy thing with the monsters when you
hit the triangle button when the
triangle button comes up and you're not
really doing that it's just it's the
scripted event that's gonna happen use
it and button to continue the scripted
event it's not like you can choose not
to and I think that's like that's the
one of the greatest examples because it
was one of the early ones which is like
the combat and God of War was really
great and fluid right it was wonderful
like God of War had great combat and
then for the boss battles they said okay
this really great combat that you've
been mastering for the rest of the game
we're not gonna use that we're you have
to press this one yeah
and instead of instead of using what
you've been learning you just have to
press this button
that's exactly set of triangle being the
button to do the overhead swing with the
chained weapon now now for some reason
triangle is the button that rips out the
giant snake dog it's only used once but
now it's the button that rips out the
giant snake tongue right right right
it's insane it's it's because they want
they want this amazing thing to happen
they want you to rip out the snake's
tongue right but they don't want you the
player to fuck it up so here's the thing
player we don't want you to fuck up this
cool thing we want to happen
okay syringe yeah
now that we've stated something far more
controversial than
politics QuickTime events what do you
want to do you wanna call it okay if you
want I mean I thought that was a pretty
good tree listen I'm fine also watch
good here's the thing if you if you go
home and play blood-borne I will
completely understand if you go home and
watch daredevil yeah I mean you should
just so we have something to talk about
see so we have something to talk about
later either way I'll understand
completely the way this monitor is I
can't see the time on my computer it is
it is 11 o clock we can call it we're
gonna call it yeah okay
well then thank you everyone for coming
out thank you to all of our new
subscribers thank you to all of our old
subscribers and just thank you to
everyone in general I thought this was a
really fun chat
