Ba-Man: Ark Ham Spoileriffic (Part 4)
June 28, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yUjyb0BIYR4

they'll say it over the radio and then I
get a point you in the direction of
where they are which is great because
that's exactly how Batman would figure
out where things are in the city I'll go
get my fucking car and they want me to
go get my car get it I got lost
I got stuck gliding around the city whoo
there's a riot happening over here guess
who's gonna come and break it up
it's Batman oh yeah you don't wanna know
this Batman shit oh you're so crazy the
thugs who's like you don't stand a
chance against us Batman I mean I've
seen you murder like 20 people tonight
but now not us you got it technically
the anybody and Lord knows how many
peoples and studs oh sure but yes they
shouldn't be that confident where's my
car where's my car
there it is it's just knocked down a
tree out of my way tree
at the chat if the 100% ending is that
bad just don't get the 100% ending
didn't get the 95% ending or the 80%
ending I don't know what the percentages
have to be for the endings I haven't
gotten to any of them
note that tree that tree can not be
knocked down if they actually kill
Batman I would be pissed cuz that's a
pet peeve of mine what killing Batman
killing off the Tongass yeah yeah yeah I
get it you're manufacturing drama the
cheapest way possible yeah
what's that about
a fuck is now saying like I you know how
you pick up like funky chatter yeah a
thug a couple times that has said call
me crazy but I think I saw Bruce Wayne
tonight what's that about
I mean III always feel like the heroic
the heroic martyr death is is a cop-out
always it's always a cop-out it's always
far more interesting to have a character
move on maybe maybe changed and moved
from the growth is prefer preferable to
I don't know how to get out it sounds
terrible out there what are we gonna do
don't worry this'll be over soon Bruce
Wayne you're you're in the tower now
that's so funny Batman just drove his
Batmobile into the parking garage how
weird
mm no lucious might use what a retinal
scanner all right all right here we go
here we go we're doing it
access denied
mr. Whitman I just something's happenin
register it's all getting dreamy and
echoey in here anything I can help you
with and Lucius Fox is acting funny
coming back here tonight
is there something I missed having
trouble logging on what what
oh he's watching the security tapes I
get it who's hush he's from well the big
storyline called Batman harsh is a newer
villainy oh ok he's a newer villain he
hates Bruce Wayne she got plastic
surgery to look like Bruce Wayne oh ok
Alfred you know in Arkham City wasn't
plastic surgeon he cut off people's
faces in a way we still are he
reconstructed his face using grafts from
his victims he looks identical to Bruce
Wayne he says it's personal I'm about to
find out no I so he but he's not like
the chameleon who can look like anyone
he just looks like Bruce Wayne yes you
know what if you're gonna choose a
person who looked just like it would be
Bruce Wayne yeah I've already done this
mission ok good I have a job for you
Batman
bring me Bruce Wayne or I bring down
this tower why Wayne the two of you were
friends
that brats family destroyed me and now I
will destroy him the Wayne stood by you
yes this is near gunshot fade to black
levels of hack fraud er II was once my
idol until he ruined everything he did
all he could to save your parents after
the crash I'm sorry you lost your father
but he saved your mother's life denied
me what was rightfully mine
the car crash wasn't an accident
I only want what Isis I like I pictured
him wearing like a grey magicians robe
while saying that
Oh take your best shot he's getting edgy
when it was probably a better way of
handling the situation
mistake I just killed him I just killed
him off I kept Lucius that's my I saw
the button prompt and I hit the button
prompt right away
but I was supposed to wait until he
moved the gun yeah well that button
prompter me off I could have used I'm
sure you'll get another chance at it
right away
I can only imagine I'll get another
chance at it but you know like before
also before the button prompts I got a
voice prompt from Batman being like okay
you have to press a button now it's
coming up and then the button problem
came up so I pressed it right away
I'm working three minutes that's he's
getting edgy when he turns the gun on me
I'll have a split second to this Armand
you know what you did jacket might kill
you killed god
yeah I didn't got off
the terrible Bruce Wayne face not my
face you look better in City yeah yeah
he's a big part of city everyone's face
look better in city you have my
apologies mr. Ford I'll be reviewing our
security
it's all right Lucius are you hurt
I'll be fine mr. Wayne I don't think
telling this guy who hates Bruce Wayne
that you're really Batman is such a
great idea I can't take him to GCPD I
have to imagine there was a better way
of handling the situation leave it to me
yes Alfred
I've detained Elliot at Wayne tower oh I
mean where it's just like like okay oh
yeah okay I'll go get Bruce Wayne and
then use your Batman sneakiness to sneak
up on the best way is to reveal the
somebody who hates Bruce Wayne that he's
in fact Bruce Wayne that does not oh oh
I know what that helmets come off twice
now yeah I'm calling it last 10% of the
game Batman's gonna be running around
about a helmet oh well maybe calling it
hey hey hush there's Bruce Wayne
right behind you look behind you quick
it's Bruce Wayne let's plan B right I'm
just saying like I thought of two plans
that were better than Batman's playing
oh all right all right
okay that was that that was that whole
mission by the way yeah the whole harsh
subplot because they started this in the
first game yeah that's gonna be a series
of like facial mutilation murders mm-hmm
and
this is the payoff I mean it really it
really could have used something more
that was the payoff to like multi-game
story payoff to like a more convoluted
subquest in the last game sure that this
is but like that was it there was only
one section to that submission at least
three something something pressed for
time yeah you know what it adds a little
tick this guy locked up his basement
indefinitely so he dies yeah until he
dies I'm still missing one give some
internal monologue as the game goes on
sure just like I'm gonna be honest with
you it's kind of wet in this suit it
does not breathe well this entire game
has been Wayne raining so I can only
assume that it is quite wet inside the
iron and rubber bad soon I think at the
end of the game like you should have
trouble moving goes the suit gets rusty
right okay now I really want to find
another burning bad symbol if you if you
go back to the office you can check
Bruce's voice mail are there new
messages oh I already checked it a Vicki
Vale called
you know I'll do that I'll go back I'm
saying I'll do that Vicki Vale I loved
her
i boned her it was great
Vicki Vale was one hot tamale hey
they're just I'm back sorry I ran out
loose
Lucius weird you all right fine I'm
still waiting for him to sneak up on
somebody that sir just keeps clanking
but it's a game so they don't notice
anyway just climb like plank plank plank
and I said I hate that I know
oh is this just you know what I only
listened to Vicki Vale I didn't listen
to all of them oh yeah is Cassie keep
going Oh Lex Luthor called that's really
funny yeah Wayne tech makes who's Kate
Maggie Maggie not sure that's someone is
that um who's the lesbian now in the
comics canary the Kane something
Samantha Sandra Kane no no okay another
one oh and Joker
did you get to the Joker messages a lot
of is the next oil that's my queen voice
he's but he did my queen voice Oh
somebody in the chat saying that Kate
and Maggie
yeah Katie Holmes and Maggie Gyllenhaal
ah that's really funny it's just Nikki
again okay yeah the two Joker messages
were definitely worth that's that was
really cool yeah I've always thought
that Lex Luthor was the best Batman
villain that never happened yeah
Batman is a noble and good rich
billionaire super genius and Lex Luthor
is an evil corrupt rich billionaire
super genius right I know many maybe
somebody out there will correct him good
I mean hey I think I think I agree I
agree hold on there's a couple more
watchtowers Watchtower missions
second she's the game to reach this
other ammunition depot I don't think I
can that's fine um all right let's just
let's just go and be dumb that's what
we're gonna do we're going in
we're being dumb it's great shit people
on the chat are talking about gay
marriage and characters and county folks
getting married yeah it would never
stick not not not because of it being a
homosexual marriage just because comic
books can't stand characters getting
married later one of them has to die or
time has to be reversed or somebody's
gonna make a deal with the devil yep
it's not books eat married people it has
nothing to do with the gay marriage it's
just marriage kind of cook station
afraid of like age I think marry yeah
that's exactly what it is by the way
what are the characters could have died
and then six months later there's gonna
be a different love interest yeah I did
say how could you how could you get
interested in any kind of Peter Parker
romantic relationship in the comics cuz
you know at this point now we know it's
desk
do that editorial mandate any
relationship Peter Parker's gets into a
sewer later it's gonna have to end due
to editorial mandate
Joe Quezada hated the marriage oh yeah
paper I can't be married any
relationship Peter Parker attempts now
it's just a question of well one what is
that gonna end
yeah a joke is that I can't stay in
power forever bacon out Towers feels so
good taking out hours like you know I
should know Tiberius Kirk is trying to
pull some meat he's trying to pull
something you onions and apples he says
rich all things end the death of fruit
flies a few days later to the heat death
of the universe
change and death are the only constants
it's true it's true
Oh Tiberius Kirk you you spouting some
truth there you want it you might want
to be careful okay
hoisted by my own petard by your own
Picard it's not it's not an attitude
that I like III like relationships and
comics I like married Peter Parker I
like Peter Parker throwing this
character now he's just doomed to
progression right he's always gonna be a
slob who's worried about his hat it has
a shitty job as a photographer
that's never going to change yep I'm all
for characters getting married into
comics I'm just saying none of them are
ever going to stick sued ill be Kyle
Raiders girlfriends I can't conquer that
until I upgrade the disrupter Superman
and Lois Lane were broken up
yeah Jesus Christ I heard that Batman
and Selina Kyle were officially a couple
and the comic books and I thought oh
that's nice
shame it won't last the drone censors
are temporarily disabled but I can only
have one at a time
oh god if chat if Peter Parker is a web
designer now it's only because nobody
could believe anybody would work for a
newspaper in this day and age that's
true no one would work for a newspaper
yeah
I can't take that out yet so I'm not
gonna I'm not gonna worry about it not
gonna worry about it
tagging bagging all right I gotta get
out of here I gotta get out of here
Ridge yeah what was I doing
there's one side quest that is not that
has not yet revealed itself to me and I
hear people mentioning a preacher I hear
thugs mentioning preachers and I'm
really I'm just looking for Azrael I
have not found another burning bat
symbol since the first one which really
bothers me because I've been looking for
it don't know don't know flying around
looking for burning bad symbols oh
there's another watchtower I could take
out I like those those are fun those are
easy bad man flying around like a bad
man it's like any any any developers
life who cares because you know you're
just gonna end up right back at living
alone single working for the newspaper
or worried about a second it all it's
always gonna come back to that
apparently bill the hecka says the
burning bat symbol is hidden Jack it
took me a while to find it it's hidden
and and dead says what if the preacher
was Jesse Custer that would be fucking
awesome that is that is that preacher
that's preacher huh I can't imagine that
that's what's gonna happen because
there's probably some sort of copyrights
he would he would kick the Arkham
Knights ass tell him off and then Stover
security
that's what Jesse Custer then he'd bang
his hot girlfriend after she was done
shooting everybody else
bone saw McGraw 69 says rich what was
worse 9/11 or the amazing spider-man 2
no the amazing spider-man 2 Oh
9/11 was highly entertaining I was glued
to my TV set all day that day that might
be terrible rich that might be terrible
said it's a great joke though yeah it's
time for humor all right I'm with you
people just catching up to that joke
that's a good joke no I was glued to my
TV for that you couldn't pay me to watch
amazing spider-man 2 again in time it's
okay to joke about anything not even in
time it's okay to joke about anything at
any time
Oh what was that now I'm gonna get I'm
gonna get rich you're gonna get dead
serious for a second thing we're gonna
get into interesting well maybe maybe
not interesting rich Evans philosophical
territory oh no should I be scared yeah
would you stop 911 mmm more accurately
should you stop playing wrong well
that's that you're just talking about
time travel conundrums
Yeah right or do or do the acts
themselves deter future acts right like
if you go back in time if you stop lying
happen lots of lots of widows young
widows right most of them probably went
on to remarry right sure they had kids
with new husbands new wives right mm-hmm
don't dump those kids who were born
there's a deserve to live too if you
stopped 9/11 you you would stop every
child born from from a widow of that
drug tragedy from being born oh my god
now that's deep rich yeah that's deep so
if you were if you know something
happened and you found yourself back in
time yeah should you stop 9/11 for that
reason right this is this is well beyond
my territory no I thought like this was
this was all um I thought you were going
like a self-fulfilling prophecy
situation where it's like you know you
you stop 9/11 but then then we're not
prepared for when there
there's another threat sort of thing
when when or if there is another one
mark and then that one just prepares you
for whatever would come after
oh crap Usami okay doo-doo-doo-doo
you saw me but I am bad man Knights
you can't see me
sneaky sneaky I haven't been using my
gun I always forget like I have I always
forget that I have his gear Ellen grant
one Ian Malcolm men um when I was a kid
probably Ellen grant because he ran
around in the Dinosaur Park yeah yeah
sidelined the whole movie but as an
adult I could see how how interesting of
a character that Ian Melvin is sure I
mean still here he's the weirdo
that's fine he's still more interesting
than Alan Grant sure
facing what I go back in time to stop
myself from saying what I said about
9/11 no I can't take the mini gunner
down silently speculating on the rights
of child who would have lived but
wouldn't live because of an action I
would take to live you're saying that
very there are kids who never would have
been born if it weren't for 9/11 that's
a depressing thing to say maybe but it's
true and Who am I to take that away from
them right you're rich Evans you get to
make the call you are now in charge of
that call rich this is this is your
responsibility
rich would you have let two Vic's lives
I to fix had a great argument what what
happened happened
and and Tuvok and Neelix were gone to
fix was there yeah and you know what I
do think he had a right to be there to
fix absolutely
and what Janeway did was kind of Awesome
no she murdered it was yes she wanted
her friend back yeah I know she murdered
two legs to save her friends yes that
was her collar
I'm gonna check on the guy Batman sir
down
you may think Tuvix is a jerk but why
doesn't he have the right
no he that was probably the most awful
thing Janeway ever did kill tuvok's yeah
yeah now you let that other guy alone
hey psycho ducks
I'll get you for I'm gonna get you I'm
gonna get you
oh not my best friend intersection but I
felt pretty good about that
dude dude dude shit landmine
it really 20 it would have been
interesting to keep two Vic's around for
at least a few episodes you know play
with it a little bit and like maybe then
he does something to piss her off and
like drag that philosophical argument
down for a little bit Voyager was always
afraid to take risk and risks and that
was voyages frog baby yeah I'm with you
they took an interesting premise and
said let's play it safe now
mmm oh yeah oh I have plenty of upgrade
points okay great I need to upgrade my
my disrupter no not my disruptor needs
upgrade
what I need to do why do I need to do
rich yes what do I need to do I have no
idea jack why do i need to do i what do
you want to do i don't know oh there
there's one road thing that i need to
take out and it said i need it like i
needed to upgrade one of my guns but i
don't remember
you need this for a mission well i don't
need it but it would just make the
mission a lot easier out as I think the
thing what what bet we'll bill upgrades
did you could take ah let's see here I
know so so far only 200 you know what
just more armor and more armor so what
doesn't so far no I mean did you ever
have like Lucius asked you which one you
wanted him to develop oh sure yeah I
took like hacking and EMP is hacking
yeah that's just great
packings fun it's you know having that
having bear things hacking is super
useful yeah yeah I agree
it's been gadget but I would upgrade the
things that make your your special
meters charge see you can use hack more
often and missiles more often this is
what I want
yeah oh and well you can do that in this
upgrade you can make your missiles
refresh more often is this the longest
dream ever oh my god it's 12:30 this is
a long stream well I bet I would have
been playing this game anyway we've done
longer we've done longer I'm Texan how
long was my dead rising stream right now
it doesn't like 8 hours 10 I think I
think the game was the gateway did it
being longer than I thought it was when
you played the full game right I don't
care about batmobile assistant takedowns
rich did you see Jurassic world no and I
still don't care no I almost saw it when
I went to Chicago for the Blackhawks
parade the same parade that ruined my
back hmm
but Karin was marched and seeing inside
out and quite frankly so was I so we saw
that and that was those mid-level picks
our mid-level picks it wasn't it wasn't
as good as the Incredibles up wilee
Monsters Inc tried when I put it above
Finding Nemo oh that's a good question
maybe about I don't I don't love Finding
Nemo as much as other people but I
firstly would put it on the same level
as Finding Nemo Wow I mean I'm not the
biggest Finding Nemo fan in the world
though sure I think it's alright no
there's a mine I know something we can
do
here's something we can do dope stuff
pardon me dude just ran your stupid mind
Franken West's rich I'm currently trying
to make a prereq up just rolled up
Pyrrhic animated of you spinning the
boss and dead rising to death huh that
would be amazing
that would be amazing
oh man right the spitting to death far
enough I when I was cutting up that
video I was watching that that was
hilarious
and by the way when I say inside out is
the mid-tier yeah that's not an insult
because they've done so many great
things
oh yeah even mid-tier Pixar's still
better than any other movie I mean I put
in the middle of all their films but
some of their films are really fucking
good right The Incredibles is still my
favorite superhero movie ever made it's
also my favorite James Bond movie yes
that that movie definitely has a bond
feel the villain and the lair and
sneaking around oh yeah that whole that
whole section where mr. incredible is
sneaking into the base yes very much
yes so the best superhero movie and the
best James Bond movie I have ever seen
as The Incredibles wall-e especially the
first part of wall-e fucking amazing up
I was a crime client during the actual
tears no not a shame to save new you
shouldn't be ashamed add up his bed I
think everyone was crying
to laze and so that's what you just saw
there is every single tank combat fine I
just find it terribly on Santa's on
Halloween to trigger controlled explode
terribly boring just dodge the line that
you see in front of you and fire you
know
I can't you can at every bomb I didn't
get a grapple boost like that what what
do we think of the Watchmen movie you
know given the choice why wouldn't you
rather just read the boy always really
about guys that's that's my opinion on
the Watchmen movie yeah just just read
the book yeah possibly quite possibly
the most unnecessary movie ever made
yeah yeah the book is so good and I
can't I can't do unbiased about Watchmen
because the book is so fucking good
and it completely misses the point
whenever any of the heroes are being
badass like completely misses point yes
that the heroes aren't badass yes yes I
got it I really want to find the next
Ezreal thing I think that's what I was
doing before I forget but I mean
whatever whatever changes they made that
that is the biggest nono to me is
getting the tone no motion kicking
people across the room the schlubs the
whole point is their slums and they're
ineffective yes they're treating these
symptoms of the world's problems but not
actually the real problems in the world
and Ozymandias realizes this and he's
not really a villain I mean it's great
read the book read Watchmen I see as
he-man Diaz as a character who's doing
these are the most horrible things in
the world for all of the right reasons
and everyone understands at the end yes
it's just great yeah see they're talking
about a crazy preacher guy over here
what's going on over here with the crazy
Sid cult is just hitting it with the
comments I want to read on today since I
reread it to this day and he's still
finding hidden smiley faces yes every
every time I read The Watchmen I find
some kind of hidden imagery symbolism
that I'd never noticed before
fighting people oh my god how did you go
to over there Batman Batman threw
himself to the ground wait did I do that
someone threw smoke and I guess it was
me
okay great
why haven't you chosen the as is the
Amish because I can't fucking find it
bill
where is it you still can't find Ezreal
is that what you're trying to do yeah
because you can't because again the
brilliant thing about this game you've
been is it oh here's all the missions
and here's Ezreal but you can't just
choose the mission and it'll tell you
where to go you have to find it I think
that's a little less brilliant than you
do what do you mean sometimes I want to
see how these things play out I don't
want to spend eight hours wandering
around the open world
hoping I find it but that's the whole
point that's being Batman yeah Batman
would have food to lead him there he
might not have a giant glowing arrow
over where he needs to go but there
would at least be some kind of clue or
hint and he could figure out where he
needs to go he wouldn't wander around
hoping stumble upon this is what patrol
is rich I don't want this for patrol is
like being a night watchman and that's
like the dullest job in the world
uh-huh I dig it this is this is what
superheroing is all about this is why I
play a video game as opposed to trying
to be a real superhero because that's
the biggest superhero is all about yep
patrol the skies
ooh here's a drone I can take out
dr. fector says rich that's exactly what
the helicopter clues are yeah well well
dr. Vicktor in my defense I've been
having mostly focused on the main story
so far I haven't cared that much so
maybe I will I will get more into the
helicopters in my next playthrough yeah
you gotta take I'm at the controls gotta
take out the drones that's so important
but I've been plowing for the story
because I really want to find out
whether or not Barbara Gordon was
actually dead I still don't think she is
I'm going to search for Azrael burning
that symbol and continuously I don't I
don't want this game to be that
depressing hope you're gonna get some
hope up in here is that a burning bad
symbol no and there's so much orange in
the world like so much it in neon is
orange Oh a upgraded my eye my grapple
now I really fucking fly fuck yeah I
could just fly around the city all day
and I have this is why I'm not as far in
the story as you just because I fuck
around I've been doing all the side
missions yeah
the master 20,000 I I do not like human
misery as much as Jay does I don't like
human misery at all really not that
serious yeah Jay really enjoys human
misery I don't I don't like stories with
dark endings on with with blatantly evil
unhappy endings you go
you can go bittersweet but a lot of
people don't realize the bittersweet has
to have something sweet mixed in with
the bitter ah
you're speaking truth rich yeah
for you stupid drones mixed bag says
talking about the watch the movie ending
makes sense but it lacks the horrific
imagery of the book what's the one she's
been r-rated cuz I have to imagine they
wanted to avoid an r-rating but anybody
can anybody tell me what the rating was
on the watch the movie I'm imagining
they went for pg-13 so they lost all of
the horror that you got with the weird
alien squid - ending in the book which
which was kind of the point that it was
absolutely horrific and it was this
horrific thing Ozymandias thing
Ozymandias did so he could basically
save everybody else yeah it was okay so
was it something they did to avoid the
rating that's interesting no I think the
guy had to get rid of like the octopus
thing just for time you know yeah but
you don't have streets filled with
corpses and blood or
oh that's right
yeah the blue penis of course that movie
had to be art of course
never mind oh the blue penis of course
rich remembers the blue penis the well
listen you're talking it we're talking
four penises
okay any penis that isn't like pink tan
or brown it's just weird I'm sorry
blue is unacceptable yeah yeah oh crap
maybe maybe if you like
I got myself in a cretinous image I was
super sloppy and somehow I have made it
out alive and I just could not believe
that
very fences dumb down the ending from
general audiences keep the blue penis
was it dumb down I know they changed it
I don't necessarily know that it was
dumbed down but I don't I don't exactly
remember the specifics of the movie it
was simplified not dumbed down like I
know they got rid of the squid probably
because they thought the squid was silly
well but also you know if you have the
squid you also have like the all the
people on the boat who were making this
squid you know like you yeah there's a
lot that was easily cut out if you just
take out the squid so that means that's
me that made sense to me simplified I
mean I know you know technically because
it was more cities than just New York
they killed a lot more people mm-hmm
which in a way kind of defeats the whole
purpose of averting nuclear war and
killing a whole bunch yeah it's quite
silly I don't I don't know what I'd say
it's dumbed down but there might be just
stuff I'm not remembering that could be
you know what that could be
tanks fucking tanks everywhere stupid
ass tanks alright keep going
Batman and then rich I'm Batman
where's the fucking is that no that's
not it
where is that fucking bad symbol I'm
coming for you John things are coming
full circle here mr. Shia smile so this
rich the reason that was changed from
alien because the writer changed it
because he didn't want to see all of the
destruction to New York again after 9/11
yeah okay think it tapped out that well
people freaked out I don't know why
people were freaking out I'm gonna spare
the spider-man to comment was worse than
the follow-up I know you know someone
asks you a silly question hoping for a
joke and I think you nailed it so yeah
yep you know that's all there's nothing
else
so back the 911 yeah oh sorry I'm paying
attention to the game I need um I need
something else to do I'm gonna do I'm
gonna try to do one more thing and then
I should probably wrap it up as uh I'm
certain that's my next real mission
investigate this seismic activity I
probably I probably need to take a walk
and stretch the muscles anyway yeah okay
we go investigate the seismic activity
and then I'm gonna get a savepoints
fifteen more minutes
I'm just the next save the next time it
saves I'm gonna stop playing that's my
plan
fucking love glidin freckle patch versus
Ridge yeah why why won't you play
witcher 3 it's totally different from
witcher 1 for one I never said I would
play witcher 3
i said i wasn't very interested in the
series after one also i'm reluctant to
go into a sequel without playing the
earlier games that is my reasoning for
not having played the witcher 3
mm-hmm those seems like fare reasons but
it also sounds like you hate the witcher
3 rich and why do you why is it that you
hate the witcher 3 exactly
exactly that's the real question
I need my tank for this of course I do
of course I need my tank for this
sarrish star says rich can you pretend
to make a joke referencing this post but
actually completely make it up because
this post has nothing to reference
literally I don't think I can do that
literally I think I think I can't
you just gave away your location now we
have to protect ivy I hope you're ready
he's a little big tank bad audit us I
got a big tank battle rich yep big old
tank battle not really
I you know before you streamed I just
played a really big tank battle yeah
yeah really big tank battle oh that
wasn't this
there's another tank battle I'm sure
there's gonna be more tank battles after
tonight my tank battle was so epic I
thought it might have been the end of
the game
oh really but the tank battle I had was
so epic I thought chase tonight did I
lose track of where I was
percentage-wise in this game maybe maybe
this is the end I really hate the tank
stuff oh you're gonna be frustrating
though it is kind of stealthy tank stuff
stealthy thing stuff yes oh yeah I've
had to take out a couple stealthy thanks
I'm a hack to you basically it's the
mother of all tank oh yeah I'm so
excited except for what I'm absolutely
sure the ending is gonna be thank you
because Rocksteady is Terp full at boss
fights and the boss fights just gonna be
another tank battle mark my words the
boss for the final boss this game is
gonna be a blamed tank battle tank
yes I'm I am almost absolutely 100% sir
but the people who slapped Arkham
origins together did a better job with
boss battles than Rocksteady did they're
not good with boss battles no they did
they did do the mr. Frese boss parole in
Arkham City and that was the best thing
ever but that was like okay that was
like the exception okay I had to say
point I'm done
yeah I'm now I have to fight the mega
tanks to protect I have his plan all
right I'm done but after the first one
is saved so boy I'm done for now I can't
I can't take a mega tank battle right
now okay because it will bore me to
tears okay so let's see what we have
here where did we stop I think I stopped
it
well you know what I'll just go through
all of you I I haven't stopped once
tonight to thank subscribers so we have
Harry fed Meissner one telegin of young
yeah Wilkins the clown space Comeau
Saavedra gobbledy gook s' frosty snooze
future future J Malcolm X is awesome a
Michelle 87 KGB ate my bread last 1984
clip owned pizza train 11:00 Tempus
Fugit 78 the dude 1944 riser green riser
G riser G is your name resergy likes
energy who could be resergy could be
resergy krinkle Krunch
that's a fun name to say
Oh a sea of noise and queen oh thank you
for subscribing we very much appreciated
it's true
we really do right yeah riser G naught R
is early riser G riser dreama thank you
all of you for subscribing we really
appreciate it thank you to all the new
subscribers thank you to all the old
subscribers and thanks everyone else who
just came out to watch some Batman
Arkham Knight and see that Jack is no
longer a scrub I am super late now and
Arkham Knight you know sometimes
sometimes that's what you gotta do you
gotta throw the baby in the swimming
pool just see if they swim that's it by
the way don't throw baby in the swimming
pool that's not recommended I'm not a
lifeguard I'm not a doctor just don't
throw baby the swimming pool spent the
first nine months their life in a war no
it's not the water fine I don't think
that's the same as this one a poll
numbers say it now you can throw a baby
at a pool he'll be fine
