PokeWHAT!?! (Part 2)
July 29, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TdgpR5m2hV0

that's right Dennis Miller was in
bordello of blood
wait Oh No okay God go back into the
woods
yeah yeah I'll get you out of there I'll
get you to the next second I can rack it
over this I've done this I can I can I
mean you've played it and you've never
played it uneasy and scream yeah get out
of here
I play uneasy Jack plays FTL uneasy
because I don't know where I'm going
Jack never played this fucking game I'll
tell you I'll tell you where to go
how long till rich mentions that JRPG
sucks well you just got here didn't you
and they do suck and this battle system
sucks I'll get you outta there I'll get
you out of there okay yeah Oh head back
right hey a fucking Pikachu look at Shin
scratch the shit out of that Pikachu oh
fuck yeah I'm gonna catch a
motherfucking Pikachu nope huh you're
too powerful
you're too strong oh and you got static
Blitzer you're paralyzed yep that sticks
with you until you remove it so head
right
and we eat up
and you can't play
yeah that's a little bit different above
POTUS is explaining his you know that's
why you only play FTL uneasy statement
is he was saying that way was that was a
bit of a it was a bit of a joke
statement because you don't play it
uneasy okay you make it more difficult
for yourself right that and that's what
I'm saying that's not exactly the same
okay yeah go right here okay go write it
up so no that's not exactly the same and
enriched you know doesn't know the full
extent of the game in I don't want to
give too much away because he is right
the game is not encouraging him to
switch up his Pokemon
up and you don't have to be in the talk
right Pokemon only come out in the tall
grass right oh if you say so mr. pewdie
pants no mr. beavers just says Jack and
rich I swear I sensed a whiff of some
passive-aggressive hostility towards you
too from Mike and Jay in that pixels
review and I'm not just talking about
the acting am I crazy or are they
getting a bit kunti towards you two
answers of course no we had just seen
pixels I don't know if you watch that
review but take a look at all four of us
do you see how miserable we are it's
because we just saw pixels the worst
movie I've seen in a long long time
right similar ways I honestly did not
have much to say that's the thing sucks
Adam Sandler sucks the movie the movie
sucks it had no direction and no nothing
is so no that was just because we were
in a foul mood from having watched
pixels and we saw a late showing and
then shot that review after the late
showing you need to play it the quiet
comfort of a law office receptionist
area while your mother files for divorce
yeah you're on your way out no or not oh
yeah you're fine you're Ryan you go down
and around oh there you go now left no
up yeah anyway
that's that's the thing chaos is you
know like I know there's a ton of hate
for pixels right now but kind of our
collective hate was spent after Jack and
Jill and it's just like at this point it
is just sad to watch Adam Sandler
attempts to make it there's just there's
there's no there's no hate left in us
anymore which is you know if some people
are finding their hate with pixels I
think that's great but for us it was
just it was just tiresome it was
tiresome because all of these standard
movie tropes were there and they were
done so poorly that was my my main
takeaway from the movie was everything
what there was everything there to make
a standard movie you know to make
Independence Day with videogame monsters
but they even fucked up something that
simple because I didn't care no and Adam
seller doesn't care he's still making
money as long as he's still making money
he won't care and when he stops making
money he'll think he'll stop making
movies I really think that that's what
will happen pixels did not do well at
the box office but it probably made its
money back because they don't put much
money into him
but whatever you know what I have not
seen any of the past two Mission
Impossible movies so no I'm not excited
to see the new one I kind of gave up
caring after Mission Impossible - after
Mission Impossible - aka everyone has
one of those rubber masks remember I
like have fun the rubber masks gag was
at the end of Mission Impossible 1 it
was it wasn't it was it was a big thing
more like they used the rubber mask
thing once the beginning and then at the
end it was a surprise the rubber mask
egg and the Mission Impossible - like
eight people ripped off the rubber masks
Tom Cruise okay so here's the thing wait
before you do anything else or don't
wait that's fine okay
so like any RPG yeah
you have peepee as well as HP p.m. move
points and right now I think you only
have two embers left so either at a
Pokemon Center or by using ether and I
don't know if you have one in your bag
you might but just a heads up people
tell me I would like edge' tomorrow
doctors oh yeah I did from that's what
I'll probably end up saying is the
premise of uhit's the edge of tomorrow
oh man that's a really great movie edge
of tomorrow is not typical time or it is
typical time cruise it's back to typical
Tom Cruise
it says Michael King says Oh where'd you
go my cooking did you say you watched
white hat American summer where did that
go did that go away and my chat sorry
sorry Mike again you watched wet hot
after we talked about you should watch
you should be watching what hat did you
enjoy it did you not enjoy it
if you enjoy watching Tom Cruise die
horribly you love edge of tomorrow right
- his message others oh great you
enjoyed it I'm glad I'm glad that you
liked it
Michael Ling I don't know why your
message is being deleted over and over
again but oh he was cut he was copying
pasting the same thing over and over
sorry and that happens sometimes when we
don't see messages but yes try not to do
that so often but I'm glad you enjoyed
it
after we recommended it during the
Batgirl stream it's it's really a good I
mean it's the best
oh man the new ones coming up the the
prequel the Netflix original prequel is
coming up
hey you got you got out of it you gotta
forest he posted way too much yes sorry
Oh his message kept getting deleted
because he was just copying it and
pasting it over and over and over again
and if we don't see it right away wait a
couple minutes try again
don't don't don't spam the posts that's
that's mod privilege if they think
you're posting the same thing over and
over again sometimes it takes us a while
to see it but be patient with us be
patient with us is wet hot like a cereal
a comedy show a movie about wet hot
American summer is a comedy movie but by
summer camp yes it parodies teen
comedies directed and written by the
guys who did Stella and the state David
Wain Michael Showalter Michael Ian Black
and and it's it's one of the most
wonderful comedies you'll ever see it's
it's absurdist comedy and it does a very
good job of subverting expectations even
when you know your expectations are
going to be subverted so get your get
your hand and I think it's on Netflix
now because Netflix is doing wet hot
American summer prequel the first day of
camp that comes out soon so man as mike
says rich thanks very much for
introducing us to darkman last night it
was awesome and that's right leftover
beefcake you have to learn the art of
timing your message to when Jack is
reading the chat that's true I'm here
I'm talking orig I look at rich when I
talk to him I look at the game as he's
playing it all rich is at his first gym
here he's at his first gym that and so
you know wait till I'm reading other
people's comments then try to comment
there's a timing there's a there's an
art to getting us to reply to you
no it's okay to like lost mustache
player you know lost is a really great
premise that they kind of flubbed up in
the execution especially like season 1
of Lost is really good and I contend
that the pilot episode 2 Lost is some of
the greatest television ever that first
episode is so fantastic setting up all
the characters setting up the mystery
was great but then the execution of that
mystery really fell flat so no it's ok
to like it and I even liked the ending
mostly because the ending concentrated
on the characters which I had grown to
love and it did a really shit job of
wrapping up all of the mysteries that
they set up but yeah it concentrated on
the characters which is all I cared
about I think you try
I know Tiberius Kirk and I talked to my
brother about that and he said it was
okay
I was Sean of noises jackal of the
podcast Iran you urges on I work for the
same trivia company has stapled you so
great yeah he was fun to talk to him
he reached out through Twitter and just
said he wanted to talk to someone and I
said I'll talk to anyone because I will
talk to fucking in sit down to talk to
people I'll give a fuck jack I will
subscribe for another months if you ate
out here's rich and I were talking about
Darkman being a b-movie
here is my my thought on the dark man as
a b-movie is this
it could have teetered either way it
just so happens that the cast and crew
went on to bigger blockbusters and so I
I am convinced that dark man is not a
b-movie but it it's shot in the style of
a b-movie it wants to be a b-movie but
it has a decent budget so yeah it's it
might not be the biggest movie I don't
know if it wasn't a movie though was
lika because the question is was was
Liam Neeson an a actor at the time was
there lead actor an a-list actor was
there was the director there could be an
argument for star wars being a b-movie
this retarded notion okay well and also
let's let's not let's not uh throw false
Darkman did not do star wars money
darkman you know star wars probably had
a bigger budget the dark man and dark
man did not do Star Wars money
Darkman did not have a actors it didn't
have an a director and if everyone
involved would have went on to
unobscured ii it would be considered to
be a movie and it is only considered an
a movie because everyone else went on to
do bigger things is my final thought on
that I mean it was definitely Hinault
Maj to be movies it was an homage to
cheesy superhero movies but I think
technically it's an a movie but that I
think there's an argument there for it
being a b-movie
just because it's good like B doesn't
mean bad movie there's a b-movie and
then there's a bad movie right Star Wars
was a b-movie that was good and
surprised everyone when it became a hit
that's true that's Zack that's actually
true
oh that's a good question were there
dark man toys around the time of its
release toys are seen dark man
it's really he breaks somebody's fingers
on camera not children's fair Brian
I think the point is I do think there is
an argument for calling dark man a
b-movie there is also an argument for it
being an a movie hi I'm split on this
I'm gonna I'm gonna Teeter on the side
of a movie because they all went on to
to bigger things
but there's a there's a quality argument
oh there were toys way way were these
toys out at the time these look like new
toys these look like newer toys are we
sure these were out during release or
you know are these now like the toys
they make because it was a cult hit you
know
rich is doing shockingly well here
everyone supposed to be a challenge yeah
yeah it's usually a challenge
this this fight is usually a challenge
yeah huh maybe it's because I level up
one yeah that could be yeah you level up
one maybe just hit the same button over
and over again and lose on one guy to be
as strong as possible that's how you win
in a jaribg maybe I think we learn
something old day
rich yeah rich is a natural here rich is
a you know what I think you guys try to
make JRPG combat more complicated than
it is
really it's dumb and simplistic and when
you try to do fancy things you just end
up gimping yourself No
what do you mean Charmander shouldn't
have metal claw he does what do you want
me to do no oh you're evolving this is
what happens with the apparent c'mon no
no he keeps all the same stuff in it now
we can learn new stuff and he grows in
levels there there's a tiny thing where
if you you can you can halt the
evolution and if he doesn't evolve yeah
he can learn moves faster but evolving
he can only learn certain moves at an
evolved state so Thursday there's a
whole little thing that you can do
there's a little thing that you can do
yeah we're playing firered we're playing
the newer we're playing the Gameboy
advanced version
Oh bother has evolved into why bother
yes the the the real thing is everyone
knows that this is not really evolution
what this is is metamorphosis as
evolution oh you bought a ticket to the
museum oh yes and if you evolution is
only a theory that that works and is
basically a fact oh yes but in the game
like this is not how evolution works you
don't magically know you know you nor
your children magically suddenly turn
into something new what happens in this
game is metamorphosis they just call it
evolution because that's a more exciting
term I guess did you want to go rich is
so bored you know and I guess here's
like I guess I got into it when I
started playing it so you know like I'm
I'm leveling up all my different guys
and I'm strategizing my battles and
you're just being present but now yeah
yeah I didn't I never thought it would
be that simple no you know what now I
guess the the real thing is just how
long can you how far can you go by just
using the one attack from the one
Pokemon well I do try to use the most
effective attack over and over and over
and over again right is what you do
right so I'm not necessarily using the
one attack like something that burns
yeah use a fire attack over and over and
over and over and over again right was
the rock thing I use the metal attack
over and over and over and over and over
and over and over and over again yeah
yeah it's still not very complicated no
no it's not very complicated
Oh see if noise that's the bit that's
been the big question is whether or not
a 3d console version of this game would
work or if the charm is kind of in the
handheld version and I don't think
Nintendo will ever make a 3d console
version because these things sell
handheld devices I think I think they
haven't made a console one for a good
reason
yes because they sell Nintendo handheld
devices and they're gonna keep selling
Nintendo handheld devices till the end
of time
I would find a girl alas alas alas
Janice
Oh is misty next great that's great I
think we can do it we could probably get
to one more gym tonight we'll probably
get to one more gym
how the fuck do you guys not break
character when Mike does improv
sometimes we do and then we just take a
take over again or they cut out or cut
our microphones that happens sometimes
or it was me you just leave them
laughing it think by the way did you see
that in the episode look at all that
improvised line that we kind of flubbed
and then we talked about how we were
gonna take it over again who edited who
edited the last half in the bag was that
Mike her Jay I don't know
those fuckers left it in when you were
just like oh the the safe code is this
and I was gonna let you finish the safe
code is 34 and you're like why didn't
you stop me you should have stopped me
and I said I don't know I think it'd be
funnier if you just gave him the safe
code we kind of all had a laugh and and
then I said okay take it again and you
started over again but they just kept
all that in fucking it those dickheads
might have been doing something else
well said today it was edited by Mike
and Jay well someone did the sketch
stuff and then someone did the actual
review
well then Jay probably did the sketch
stuff because that was his it was hot
so then that was probably a Mike at it
so yeah he was just that was him fucking
with us which he's want to do yes he
loves making us look like dickheads and
so okay well you're making me yeah and I
think I'm getting he's getting merciless
just strung in he loved he loved him
when I glared at me down on the left it
in rich he's zoomed in on you he's
zoomed in on my face
I know no and it's not it's all fine and
funny I you know I I have some issues
with that episode because we talked for
a good long time about that about that
movie and like I said more so there was
just that one part where he made me look
like a little bit of a dick in and you
just got I'm gonna be found at the for
no reason for some reason was great that
was a great back and forth I really like
that I thought I thought that was a
really great conversation
who is the best improviser it's it's
rich rich is the best improviser and rlm
he's no that's Joe easily that is not a
joke it's Mike it's definitely well Mike
I think my guys lazy improv where he
just he just starts he comes up with
some funny shit but it's always
nonsensical I think you you come up with
the you come up with the best bits on
the spot not necessarily when the
cameras rolling I'll come up with like
an interesting bit like either behind
the camera or between takes but I don't
think I'm very good improvising on
camera if Don the Wilson that was that
was a rare thing those two sprinkles I
unbelievable I'm gonna blame that on
look yeah yeah hmm I have playing that
unluck Mike does yeah yeah Mike
improvises by yelling and nonsense
it's two different study doesn't pick up
the phone as well that's pretty funny
it's so it's it's we got oranges and
apples over here with styles of improv I
will come up with a line or a bit
between tapes or off camp you know who
you want in your writers room you want
rich Evans but not actually writing the
script not actually writing script no
you want him there feeding lines and
pitch in little ideas he is an idea man
that returns
hey play rocket League Oh rocket League
is right now what's the deal with rocket
League that's the car soccer game have
you heard of that I think you get like a
rocket car and you play soccer looks
amazingly fun and right now it is a free
four PS Plus members on PlayStation 4
which you are a PS Plus member if you
remember so I just downloaded rocket
league for the ps4 but I've got play
XCOM for the two hundredth time right
that's gotta happen so come Sunday I'm
either gonna play that or what was the
other game I just got yeah you can add
me on PSN I'm Jack Packard I think
spending him I don't know if there's any
underscores or not I just got that what
was the other game I just got another
game that looked very interesting that
I'm very interested in playing I've
already forgotten what it was called cuz
I'm a horrible person who forgets
everything now I need to remember
I need something to remind me the
swindle have you heard of the swindle no
looks like a very interesting in-depth
game and I'm not sure if I'm gonna like
it but it was like 15 bucks sounds like
yeah the swindle it's it's like part
platformer e part 2d platforming part
procedurally generated part something it
looks very interesting so I I want to be
able to play walk without feeling pain
oh yeah that would be a great I've heard
great things about that game
I'm sitting now
some mild discomfort but I'm sitting
well that's good that's something yeah I
think that's something it's amazing it's
amazeballs
what is amazeballs not like binding of
issac it's more instead of
procedurally-generated like binding of
issac there are branching paths to
upgrade your character and it almost
reminds me of invisible ink but instead
of instead of being a grid-based
movement strategy game it's a 2d
platformer brawler but then you have to
like upgrade your character in certain
ways and collects money and it looks it
looks interesting so I'm either gonna
play rocket League or the swindle on
Sunday is my is my personal plan who is
the worst at improv at rlm probably
Michael rich on camera I'm awful I'm
camera it's me yeah yeah I've Wendy with
the miraculous exception of the crank
phone calls which to be perfectly honest
that second one I noticed the number on
the box of my back of my head I was
ready for something I don't know exactly
what I was gonna do like a minute before
I actually came up I wasn't thinking
what am I gonna do I know it's gonna
come up what am I gonna do what am I
gonna do
nice I think originally I was thinking I
was going to do that the Supplemental
dog messages instead of saying good dogs
and bad dog and my dog was getting like
me
nice that's worried the brown and Wilson
thing would be just too obnoxious it's
loud and screaming yeah yeah weird are
you the internet video guy on PSN
probably that's probably me just Jack
Packard I can't imagine there's
there's either can't be too many Jack
Packard's on PSN should you install
video drivers right now depends on
whether or not you have to restart your
computer you know if you have to restart
your computer installing them now would
mean that you have to stop watching and
restart your computer if you don't have
to restart your computer go now oh
speaking of video drivers it has really
nothing to do with video drivers but it
made me think that a that twitch is
moving over to html5 much the way of
YouTube okay which is very exciting for
those who enjoy better playback it
should mean it should mean better
streaming options more streaming options
and easier playback for people who like
watching twitch streams not happening
anytime soon but rolling out throughout
the year so
no I was at UH Peters Creek I was not
the actor in the giant rabbit suit in
the Johnson Creek ad that was my brother
Nick because there were three of there
there have been three of us for all of
those shoots me Nick and Tim and usually
Tim's on screen if there's anyone else
on screen it's usually me or Nick he was
the giant rabbit he was also the eagle
have you saw the eagle one
rich creepy minor-league baseball guy
aside yeah
your thoughts on Warhammer sounds like
like live in-person turn-based strategy
game hmm I would probably enjoy it I do
love the look of the Space Marines hmm
and even though I've never played for
hammer
I wouldn't mind just having some of
those Space Marine figures little pewter
things hmm okay that's really all I have
to say how did the car ever done a video
game that's like the kind of turn-based
combat you get with the live action
role-playing turn-based combat oh I
don't know you know what I don't know
what do I think of star citizen I'm
interested in it I'll tell you when I
actually plan it's done yeah like space
Sims in general and general sets like
space yeah I like space like spaceships
like flying around I'm a spaceships rush
to play Warhammer properly you need to
grow your beard and gain a hundred
pounds that's scary
why aren't you playing elite dangerous
register because I don't own it lists
been gifted to me and I haven't noticed
since I've been like on my back crippled
yeah that's a possibility that is a
possibility as not as nothing to do with
a lack of interest rich riches uh has
accomplished very little since he's been
crippled he's getting back to it though
we've been training like rocky in here
running upstairs doing push-ups and shit
you won't believe how many pushups like
so many in the mood for a new game when
you're going through I haven't been able
to move much in a month
depression yeah yeah yeah
Wow not changing Pokemon I'm not losing
health it was a great game Jack this is
a great game look I'm hitting the ember
ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever
ever Rosa rocaille blah blah but aren't
you uh aren't you like enamored everyone
has been saying that rich looks like
he's lost weight in the new video that
is true people have been saying that
about rich rich do you have any comments
on the true okay what I can move I might
actually get more active as far as
losing weight hmm I've tried cutting
down some fatty stuff out of my diet but
I think that's important once I can walk
once I'm healed I plan on riding the
bike around maybe taking the bike to
work we'll see so far maybe oh thank you
chiku puffs are adorable you see it fire
respective it's not on use the middle
claw that's not something else first
perspective everyone's fine by
respective Oh
Jigglypuff what a cute little Pokemon I
think I'll burn it hey I think I'll
fucking burn it burn it to the fucking
ground rich why don't you vary your
attacks and stuff like like in the
stealth areas of the Arkham games
because that's fun to do in the Arkham
games and in in JRPGs varying your
attacks is just highlighting a different
menu option it's not fun to do so like
in the stealth section of the Batman
game you see yourself kind of sneaking
around and you can hell you can envision
this is the Stratis is a excel the game
you know what I'll buy that logic ok I
think with with a game like this you you
have to use a little more imagination
and you know like as the attacks happen
you kind of have to kind of it to see it
more
rich how did it feel to fake shoot
yourself like any other time I've died
on camera or shot something on camera it
felt like nothing did it feel like a
fire cracking exploding over a condom
filled with blood it felt like oh god
this fake one it's just kind of clammy
and sticky and disgusting that's it felt
like hmm I ruined my shoes yeah my shoe
and they were on their way out anyway
like I don't know I shouldn't have still
been wearing them they were they were
worn well past the soul but I wore the I
wore my shoes and then I got blood and
sausage juice and other like tomatoes
there's like diced tomatoes and they're
all over my shoes ruined my shoes Jack
can you read my name doodle yes yes I
can read you yeah you find out you're
going backwards now are you gonna back
to heal the peepee peepee yeah yeah I'm
taking a pee take a whiz okay no we
didn't need those bratwurst afterwards
they were all over the ground
oh that's gross they were they were
wringing Bologna good asshole you know
damn well we didn't eat those we're
gonna you know what maybe maybe for Jays
birthday we shouldn't make him some fake
intestines he would love that some like
rubber or some nice-looking rubber
intestines because he won't he wants to
use intestines a lot and he always uses
those sausages yeah Jay didn't his
birthday a couple years ago mmm Friday
the 13th marathon oh I remember that
that was great that was one we had that
that set from the zombie thing we did
for Alexander Philippe and it was
amazingly just like a bloody set war
movie happened there yeah he was on set
we had a TV on the set and watched
Friday the 13th series that was great
that's about that not the TV sory him in
the movie series yep we watched all the
Friday the 13th movies on this horror
house at covered in book we had to walk
over puddles of blood to get to the
refrigerator
full of beer to watch Friday 13th movies
and it was great and like they even had
like you know there was a ratty set
couch in there in chairs and every once
in a while you would forget that you
were on a set because it looked just
like a living room and all the sudden
you would look up and there was no
ceiling it was that was a really great
time that was a really great time so you
know what I'm gonna look into I'm gonna
look into nice fake intestines for Jay
yeah I think that that should just be
like a production cost that just needs
to happen for Jay
like we could use sausage casings for
intestines but you know like sausage
casings crumble you know they don't have
they don't have the girth and so then
it's like do we need to fill them with
something basically a Pidgey it's just
another bird type Pokemon that's
completely different it's completely try
capturing you should you know you should
obviously try to ki but for you
obviously it doesn't matter because
you're only using one Pokemon yeah the
the point in capture and do something oh
he died with one head okay I don't care
the point in capturing all the different
Pokemon is to build your team totally
don't need right which you're not doing
this you don't need to do it hmm
why should I why should I bother tell me
why I should bother okay well there's a
couple reasons
yeah one is if your Pokemon get too too
high of a level yeah they will stop
listening to you if you don't have the
appropriate gym badge really and I don't
know what level that is like you beat
one gym badge and so I think that gives
you two like level I don't know maybe 20
and then after level 20 they'll randomly
not listen to you because they know
you're not good enough the other is
because eventually you will run across a
trainer that will be too tough for you
and right now you have one super
powerful Pokemon and every other one is
crazy weak and so what I keep growing
you will but then you won't your one
Pokemon will stop listening to you
unless you get that right back okay so
yeah you need to make it to the next gym
to get that that only applies if the
Pokemon is traded from another game I
don't think so I think
Jack that is wrong Pokemon not listening
his only account oh is that true I've
been playing by that rule my entire life
I've assumed that that was a rule but
apparently that only counts if they're
traded to you that's just a rule I've
given myself oh I'm sorry yeah no that's
what I mean that's fine I learned
something new then so basically then the
the only incentive in building up your
team is if you're one big Pokemon dies
basically they all die cuz your others
are sure our week is shit yeah obviously
you're doing very well right now your
level twenty right you also have not
come across many water type Pokemon and
water is what's strong against fire
smokescreen just makes the the enemies
attacks the enemy attack might not hit
you well okay okay it unless it lowers
their accuracy it lowers the enemy's
accuracy so yeah it might be a good move
but that's fine that's fine
I don't think rich rich isn't worried
about beating the final the elite for
right now we're just gonna try to get
him to the next we're just gonna try to
see if he can beat two gym leaders using
one Pokemon Jack my friend cannot stop
buying amiibos is there any video game
tough talk you could provide to help ya
and in 50 years he bows and thanks self
I've wasted my life well that's his
problem
more more so he should understand that
Nintendo is already working on their
next console which may or may not have
amiibo support so he might have to buy
new amiibos but like we've said if
that's what he wants good for him
in 50 years he might look back at his
amiibo collection and remember all the
wonderful times he had playing the game
and playing the games and he might say
you know what it was a good life yeah
you know no one will be around to help
him at his time of death because he'll
have spent his entire life with amiibos
and not around friends or family but it
could be a good life I I don't support
amiibos I think they're ridiculous I
think they're ridiculous endeavor to
siphon money out of people but you know
oh and you're right most likely about
the real reason to build up more than a
single Pokemon that's because it's fun
is because then you get to look at all
the different animals you get to you get
to customize them and grow with them and
like oh I want this guy to learn this
and then you know other Pokemon evolved
into different monsters you get to see
all the different forms and you you you
you bond with the creatures that help
you murder other creatures you have a
fire dragon right now which is great
which is great oh you have a fire
dinosaur no I'm cores a fun move it
makes you do the same move over and over
again but like for example if you chose
like a move that I don't know like
healed you or something and you had to
do that over and over again that would
fuck your day mister what's mr. robot I
don't know a pizza train says sorry if
you have been asked this tonight but
have either of you weighed in on mr.
robot yes Pizza train
explain yourself no Jack did not give
money to the Shenmue II Kickstarter I
don't give up I could give less for can
I give someone else money just so I
don't have to listen to sham Yui
right
Pizza Train says what I'm assuming metal
attack is not good against a magnet
thing you know what he might be weak to
fire though I'll tell you that he's a
metal type so try fire yeah that's super
effective burn everything just burners
the Pokemon strategy burn everything
with fire pizza train I'm still waiting
for what somewhat of mr. robot is I
guess I have no right to hate Jimmy we
did that looks like exactly the kind of
game I don't give a fuck about as you
guys know I don't I don't care about
story and game and you know that game is
all story
I like Batman might be something to it I
like Batman the right story the rights
you know what you're right the right
story but what's mr. mr. robot is a
hacking series what I've no you have no
idea what this is really it's a thing
that exists all I don't mr. robot a
hacking series none of these things make
any sense to me
rich cares about story and game is white
any like simulated it care much about
the story okay
Oh mr. robot is a show on USA that
doesn't belong on USA it's so weird and
cool and it's about a hacker sort of oh
okay I don't have cable I don't either
so I'm very sorry when when or if it
comes to Netflix or Amazon Prime
streaming I might watch it but as of
right now I have no I have no thoughts
and I'd really do apologize no no
there's no Evil Dead comes out then all
you need is Hulu Plus that's all I'm
doing when Ash versus the Evil Dead
comes out is getting Hulu Plus for as
long as ash vs. Evil Dead is on and then
I'm canceling my monthly subscription it
really flow that's a better idea that's
a month well no I want to see him as
they come on I wanna I want to be right
up in there that's it yeah oh I'll pay
I'll pay the couple months or three
months or four months however long it's
out just so I can watch him right away
oh I want to watch him right away
