Leisure Suit Larry 2 - we gonna get some (Part 2)
February 4, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bYDC3Yps9eg

boys admire southern girls okay
hand over ticket you're gonna compliment
her I don't think we can how are you
gonna get the ladies if you don't
compliment them
this game isn't many I have no idea what
are you doing in this game because I
walk in here with a five million dollar
soup she's gonna instantly fall in love
with us okay so I'm giving the women of
this game too much credit no while
you're giving the writers of this game
too much yes let's see how they write
their writers of the women characters
the writers of the women um okay you are
you saying that there aren't women out
there who are attracted to that kind of
thing money and power are you saying
like I'm not saying there isn't and
that's a generalization I'm sure it's
wrong I know what you're saying is that
any woman in this game if you have a 5
million i'm sued they're gonna get with
you i'm saying that presumably this
woman might okay then
she works in a convenience store
somebody walks in with a five million
dollar suit that's her that's her ticket
out of the convenience okay fair enough
I don't think I can give her and say the
woman who works at the store that sells
the five million dollars it's probably
not the same thing
sure okay I am Keith David thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
now we need someone to subscribe it's
named I am David Keith because those are
both actors I'd be attracted to a woman
who was wearing a five million dollar
dress how would you know it's a five
million dollar dress I'm assuming if you
spend five million dollars on it it's
gonna look fucking great all right you
know what TV station huh TV station oh
that's right there was a radio station I
think was TV but that's right there was
a TV station
that's right there was a station station
station station Lincoln Bill & Ted's
bogus journey sir he was mailing his
name is station station sir Hillary man
fat I'm glad you enjoyed having my
fiancee on the show that one time look
at wall she kind of wants to come back
at some point she wants to play monster
was it monster party then this one yeah
watch me not remember hey speaking of
samurai cop - what do you guys think
about self-aware sequels - lousy movies
they're usually better yeah it's it's
generally a bad idea
I don't know funny one Essene hobgoblins
- that was made because the first
Hobgoblin goblins was on Mystery Science
Theater and it was a terrible movie so
then after the success and popularity of
it being on Mystery Science Theater the
guy decided to make a sequel and it's
like yeah you can't you can't make a
sequel to a bad movie where you're aware
that the first movie is bad and you're
trying to repeat that right it just
doesn't work it's true I I did something
right oh I showed the receptionist my
lottery ticket okay so this is what
Larry says save us perceptions this
lottery ticket any good I don't know
sure wise I've misplaced my glasses as
best I can remember
this week's lucky life flattery luck Oh
bucko numbers are eight five three two
one seven should we write this down we
should definitely write this out okay
hold on I have my handy-dandy notebook
oh you you scamp uh-huh yeah yes I did
my do not regret it okay eight five
three two one seven
three nine six nine three one five oh
five five three six okay what six
numbers do you have should we tell her
the truth
8 5 3 2 1 7 3 9 6 9 3 1 5 5 & 5 3 6
that's correct that's correct she
replies you are a lucky guy
the last lucky life lottery show of the
season is being taped right now I'll
notify the director that you're here I'm
sure you'll be called immediately I'll
unlock the door to the green room so you
can wait there save save save 5 dude -
dude - easy there Oh tree oh by the way
says the receptionist don't care nervous
just cuz you're on live television being
watched by millions of people she
chuckles softly yeah her breath jack in
the past I've been highly critical of
you yeah but that voice is great yeah I
think I like that thanks I feel pretty
good about it's like Southern California
fair a little hippy a little dippy
little trip you wonder why the
receptionist called this a green room
when there's no green in it at all Oh
television joke there are two television
monitors a bench some art posters a
lovely modern painting and
three doors okay well look at look at
painting look at murder look at poster
post that Skirvin guy sure can draw
horses whatever Skirvin is I'm sure
that's a that was a modern reference at
the time yeah that skirt one monitor
shows a lovely young lady the other is
just static well we're going to the lady
that's the rule of Leisure Suit Larry
follow you dick
you can't they're all locked and there's
no key just be patient and see okay okay
dude you can sit on the bench doo doo
doo doo possibly I don't understand that
on bench what the fuck
Mickey Han Han thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it
we appreciated so much we're sitting on
a bench for you for months in a row
nah are you just gonna sit here we have
to do it again I think so it might be
the puzzle Wow or the puzzle is we need
to get up you know do something we don't
know look at the TV with the lady on it
with static no the one is static look at
the one with the lady Oh Marilyn oh wow
there you poo-poo cries the man man oh
it's man oh there you pop oh oh I see
what's happening here what okay guys
he's speaking with a lisp is crazy so
crazy man
you're light where have you been you
silly little Dickens
we've just been worried sick of all you
I'll do it more like Celeste you're
doing wrong that's probably better
because it's yeah you know I agree with
that
that's not he's not gay he's a cat
enthusiast before you can answer him he
tells you hurry up honey
you're on Oh yep okay that's an ascot
what is this eighty eighty-eight fuck
Palin nine nine nine nine nine thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
the control room talkback speaker
crackles five-second stares boys and
girls five seconds hair places everybody
oh it's a dating game yep
this doesn't look at all like you
expected a lottery show to look but just
in case you decide to grab a seat on
that empty stool over there probably
should have saved while I was sitting
down yep the voice-over announcer says
from Hollywood it's the latest and
greatest in embarrassment programming
the all-new dating
welcome everybody I'm glad you're here
for the all-new zeiten connection we're
just about ready to play our game let's
meet our contestants
who's going to match learn number one a
professional surfboard wax are from
gumbo Missouri his hobbies include
collecting yo braunschweiger places
speculating on the sexual preference of
professional dancers and watching
televised opera
me today by the way for everyone who
can't hear the music
hopefully can't do bachelor number two
is today's intellectual he is presently
chairman of the physics department at
the local university after you
originally from Pakistan Ohio meet Raghu
okay okay Raghu gallery'
respond sir whether you want to call
yourself okay with me Wow right today is
bachelor number three eternal was a
major who quit college in order to
pursue his dream job
oh you can hear the music yeah music is
super painful I'm sorry I didn't think
you could hear it way down way down Jack
insisted on fixing the sound I did he
insisted you're welcome
how can you click back on the Leisure
Suit Larry to screen please please rich
currently unemployed Medes
APU wife and now it's time to play the
dating connection says myth barf Barbara
may we have your first question please I
like thanks being huh you know says
Barbara bachelor number one like like
this one's for you if I was to like go
out on a you know
with you and and you was like you know
all dressed up or something and like the
car bust didn't please we had to walk
for help and I like I like broke it you
know like a heel and like how would you
fix it like you know it seems obvious
her elevator elevator doesn't reach her
penthouse oh so who is this guy again
was he oh hi beautiful
well I beautiful if you were with me you
wouldn't have to worry about an old any
old breakdown we'd be cruising in my
brand new Porsche and you wouldn't have
a care in the world this comedy section
is killing me
yeah besides if something did happen to
your heel I just sweep you up in these
muscular arms and carry you wherever you
wanted to go when your top-notch
physical specimen like me a little light
feather like you would be a breeze
you're sure not even this mental midget
would fall for a cornball line like that
mental midget jeez how romantic she
gushes what more could any girl one well
bachelor you're number one with me oh
Jesus Christ
so much for your theory Laurie what now
how about you bachelor number two she
asks you how would you solve this puzzle
okay Larry that's your cue you're on
Oh God fart should i type in farther tip
type in part oh my god no whoa oh well
regu gallery' prompt if barf we're
waiting for your answer
oh um well you stumble I don't know if I
pressed fart I typed in fart well who I
didn't pick jerk burger squeals what a
putz Oh Barbara attempts to assume an
intelligent expression how about you
bachelor number you know three now this
guy is a reporter so I'm gonna give him
an old-timey reporter voice bachelor
Barbie my deepest personal feelings are
that you are far too sexy for me to ever
allow you to leave my highly expensive
beachfront swinging bachelor apartment
you and I would spend all of our time
together alone sharing each other in
every way if you know what I mean how's
that far away with words Jesus what more
could any girl want you may be bachelor
number three on this program but you're
number one in my heart oh Jesus this is
painful it is do you think anyone's
still watching this tripe at least they
know it's maybe like this is the joke I
don't know maybe I want to see more
digital games
we need more digital boobs where our
they're digital there's a couple digital
boobs Barbara my opinion you just asked
one of our best questions ever says Biff
Murph now do you think you can come up
with another great question skips
captain once again Barbara burns off a
few million brain cells attempting to
rise to the occasion I mean now they're
just being mean
okay like thanks Biff you know says
Barbara actually number one like this
one's for you
like like it if you was a a you know
like like a bog and like I know you
you're a flower what what kind of you
know insect when you you'd be like and
and maps they need more maps
and I get it no I get it reference it
was a reference to a thing
remember the Miss Georgia lady oh that's
right
are they barber or the trave Barbara I'd
be a beautiful butterfly
you'd be my tender little buttercup
together we'd build a wonderful garden
of love at least his garden would be
well fertilized Jesus Christ
these jokes yeah I felt like there was a
lot more game in Space Quest like they
were jokes but there was a different
game it's made by a different person
same company but oh that's a writer yeah
like you are quite the charmer aren't
you number one she gushes I'd love to
sow a few seeds with you and to be fair
I have not played this with sure so
that's all right um okay
be if she says what's not like waste our
time asking L Dorko this question why of
course bachelor Barbara you must follow
the rules
okay for number two she says
sarcastically can you know like even
remember the question come on Larry
fire your best shot what kind of insects
am I am sure I'm a spider and you
stumble I'm a spider and you're my rose
like what plaintiff beam this spook down
nah I've heard better lines in a you
know nursing home what well bachelor
number three she says
I can't you know like wait to learn like
what insect are you and like what form
you know you know I spiders aren't
insects that was my problem spiders are
arachnids this games
sure well let me tell you here Bobby
doll you'd be my precious American
Beauty rose and I be your little
bumblebee I know you'd enjoy rubbing a
little of your pollen on my stinger it's
a show supply ant essence the tough part
is they know how rough this is yet they
keep on going with the game well number
three we certainly are the oversexed
little devil aren't we Barbara gushes TV
all right they're Energex Biff
I'm afraid that's all the time we ever a
few quick for questions today
bachelorette Barbie it's time for you to
make your dating connection help if it's
really difficult to choose both men are
really terrific always jokes isn't both
men but there's three men on the stage
you says both of us clearly you're not
even into consideration we're not in the
right something makes you feel the both
doesn't include you yes but I'm sure the
audience has already made this decision
yes this is Barbara and I've made my
decision you know to this look surprised
okay bachelor Jew it is but frankly
bachelor Barbara must admit I'm a little
surprised
Why What did he say bachelor number two
Barbara I think most of us expected ADA
Barbara I think most was expected a
different choice it says Biff Marvel
wait big shells Barbara
I wanted bachelor number three
I'm sorry Barbara Smith the rules
clearly state your first decision is
final
I think she says like I'm happy to buy
now what they've won
it's a cruise yes a romantic cruise of
the South Pacific on the beautiful USS
loved you'll spend a solid month
together exploring exotic ports of call
courtesy of wonder cruise lines remember
if it's a good cruise it's a wonder I
don't get and for our other contestants
why you lucky fellows have won a year
supply of Armadillo polish 20 cases of
black shoelace plus a copy of our home
game hey man there ain't no way I'm
spending no month on a boat with this
jerk shouts the delicate Bachelorette
Barbara look I want a chance to hit on
that number three guy I'm sure she's
really truly delighted folks is Biff
attempting to cover now come move it now
come on let's really hear it for our
lucky couple there's a good Snider
be sure to tune in tomorrow night same
time same station for the finest and
embarrassment programming the all-new
dating connection good
that's another line at the crown revoked
Larry please report to the bread room to
receive your prizes direction you can
just a fascinating yeah gosh Larry what
good luck you have winning a fun-filled
month-long cruise with that lovely
Bachelorette Barbara Wow
I must admit that none of us in the
controls like Beck did you win I'm sure
you're not proud of the outcome but
rules are rules
I suppose
here's your cruel sick ticket all of us
here at the dating panic young with you
the best of luck they still make these
we all needed really oh my goodness
there was a there was a Leisure Suit
Larry reboot like in here in the Xbox
yeah there was like an attempt to make
like a 3d animated okay I know I don't
know when I was in college my roommate
had a Leisure Suit Larry game so I don't
know me and oh is that one yeah
was it three indie I don't know I never
saw it
did you okay we now have a luxury cruise
line ticket can you open the sit the
bench again I'll sit on this side of the
bench
sit on bench okay so yeah probably I
needed like I need to like sit on the
certain side of the bench is the puzzle
for this one oh yeah i sat on that side
so I got a cruise ticket which I
probably needed for some sort of thing
later I can only assume somebody's
saying safe
oh god it's too late no wait no it's not
no this game is bad
yes I agree you should be embarrassed if
you bought this slightly there we go
that slightly embarrassed listen we said
well you're gonna you wanted another
adventure game we're playing another
adventure game hey you Christ woman
where have you been we've been looking
all over for you I just won the date I
guess won the dating connection you
reply big deal
you were supposed to wait here now hurry
and follow me you two get on up this one
to the get down no I mean the other one
was fun we were on a space adventure
yeah we could we can turn this off and
start one of the different games but
let's give it if we give it another uh
it's good another half hour cuz I know
it's an even two hours we've got a space
question yeah yep
ladies and gentlemen we finally vadym
says the master of ceremonies yes we
found our last lucky a life lottery
contestant of this week's show and here
is now mr. Larry lover
yes mr. Alera
mr. a laugher we don't have time for our
normal introductory chitchat just step
right up to the wheel and give her a big
span okay
under his breath the MC and Mama she's
you hurry up laugher we're already
running late because we couldn't find
you okay
nervously you reach for the wheel
knowing full well that the pleasure of
America's 3d graphics animated adventure
game players are writing although what
but the pleasure of America's 3d graphic
animated adventure game players are
writing on the lock of your Pole because
they have perspective oh sure that's
funny oh he did it he did it he's won
the big one ladies and gentlemen Larry
laughs just for the largest prize in the
history of the lottery a million dollars
a year for life
holy motherfuck that's all
tons of a blog yeah come on over here
lucky Larry
here comes lovely Lana White the lucky
life lottery lady with Larry lappers
first years winnings the US Treasury
Department's first 1 million dollar bill
oh that's funny on behalf on behalf of
the lucky life lottery I'm pleased to
present you our grand prize 1 million
dollars oh well you know what she said
that cuz I gave her a line so you see
how much of a difference 1 million
dollars makes cuz phil davison chad is
now saying damn I kind of want to fuck
him out
hahahaha congratulations mr. lapper
you're the lucky man too bad we don't
have time for a speech that's great
someone again won't get my balance with
this is what there can't be anything
more than that right well that's here at
Gorham ladies and gentlemen mr. larry
line for the luckiest guy in Los Angeles
you know for the last hour we haven't
done any adventure gaming this game is
kind of been on the rails
ever since the greenroom you know you
really kind of annoying and even before
that there was just like nothing - yeah
we're explore anything I'm not most
exploration but there just wasn't much
you can do figure yeah I don't think so
that's again control room talks back
girls oh good throws it all the world
that's good enough for who it's for mr.
mr. laughs fair pre will please exit
through the door to the left there will
be plenty of reporters and photographs
waiting for you
photographer is waiting for you yeah
also like I haven't need something
needed to walk anywhere it walks really
yeah I'm not liking this one gee Larry
if things are finally beginning to go
your way first you win a month-long
ocean voyage with a lovely Bachelorette
and now you now you win the biggest
lottery prize in history
something tells you this is too good to
last probably I mean they also didn't
give you a million dollar bill yeah
instead of like a jacker getting your
bank account information can I go back
to the green room and like talk to that
lady and be like I have a million
dollars now sure thing it's like I'm
gonna go back and talk to the
Bachelorette and be like why not no I
want to talk to that backstory I'd be
like okay I'm a millionaire now will you
go on the cruise with me and she'll be
like fuck yeah I will
I'll also get on your dues
philately no fear no envy says is this
what it's like watching those horrible
best of the worst movies
kind of yeah you know oh oh
big blonde and beautiful you say my name
is Larry are you okay fuck it
where's all the reporters and
photographers and photographs I have a
million dollars
I got a billion dollars I got a million
dollars oh shit I'm gonna buy soda well
no we need it and we need a million and
$5 Oh million in five to buy the suit we
want to be sued I want to say like she
was a million in five before I did say I
be something to do you think that's
might be a referee cause it mentioned
that there's not a passport in there and
so I wonder if that's a reference to the
first leaders you're probably gonna need
a passport for the book there's a doc
and we won a cruise so we're probably
gonna need a suit sure folks and we're
probably gonna need a passport
I kind of do expect a passport alright
somebody says look in the hole on the
wall in the fence look at the fence okay
I should probably save probably I should
probably save what are we on Oh five
ah look at fence there's nothing
interesting about that fence unless you
find that Knothole interesting you bend
over and peer through the knothole in
the fence on the other side you see
people playing police quest how do you
wish you were one of them yeah that's my
please quite good I have it it's
installed I think is that the game's way
of telling you like yes we know you
should probably be playing something
else right now because this sucks
I think we love the Sarah adventure
games - hmm this one's not doing it for
me yeah yeah dude to do do to do to do
to do to do to to do do we want to go do
I want to go to the dress shop now well
that stuff has happened so we should
look around and see if there's like oh I
have a rank of dim bulb oh now no no
druggist yet we need to find that
clothes shop again where was that rich
tell Jack to look in the dumpster twice
in a row all right everybody hold on
gotta go past the scurvy dog the
dumpster over here
where was that damn could be quickly it
winds its irreverent white nothing close
late what are you get in there twice a
row and nothing happened you don't need
it okay wait it's not yours to drop one
dumpster fuck dumpsters my favorite band
is it yeah would you go see a band
called fuck dumpster I I have it's my
favorite band I just said so the
question for the chat is like assuming
you you have no idea what they sound
like you just saw in your local paper or
in your local internet provider yes that
the band fuck dumpster is coming to a
local venue sound unheard would you go
see fuck dumpster I might the
appropriate answer is absolutely
who wouldn't want to see a band called
fuck dumpster okay we cannot fuck who
dumpster also there's nothing in the
dumpster so whoever told us to check
twice was lying to us yes
you damn liar damn lying liar who lies I
have a million dollars now yeah no way I
know I want to find the dress shops or
the suit the city boot wears the suit
boom
well we probably need the haircut - yeah
but I need a million in five dollars
five million five just have 1 billion
exactly so I don't want to spend any of
it well we're going to find more
apparently at some point you're crazy
I think we're gonna we're gonna find
five dollars in the street somewhere in
the dumpster I need to stop walking in
the street I don't want a car to come by
and hit me where the fuck am i I want to
go to the amusement park I want to go to
the bemusement park oh come now baby
nope get the fuck out of here yeah yeah
go Larry go no not that way do do do do
do do do do do do do do do do do do do
do do it's it's very weird that this
game like you just win a million dollars
and that's like the beginning of the
game yeah game over that was terrible
sorry box see that's bringing as I felt
pretty good about that I don't know
where the dress shop is which
okay I want to go to the scurvy dog
saloon by there's drunk sitting there
I'm gonna assume it's something I will
have to call the scurvy dog saloon they
might be down that's obviously not gonna
Brown her go down go left
I'm not through the bushes oh yeah try
that yes us to jam we're sticking this
out why cuz you know I think it's
important to give things a fair shake
ask fuck we're back we're back at lady's
house get out of here ladies
okay gotta find the suit shop don't find
them soon shop superjump gotta find the
suit jump suit jump up go to fenders
have a perfect they're giving you too
much map with too little to do yeah I
think we can go to the park we're gonna
find out why aren't we playing Grim
Fandango because Jack wants to enjoy
that on the song hey look at how did the
Derby yeah I want to play Grim Fandango
my own no offence chat I want to want to
enjoy that game at my own pace
Jason working is an update on space cup
everyone just now three seconds closer
to being done that was my day nice the
overpriced but at least it's gaudy
that's literally three seconds to isn't
it yep is that all you did all day no I
did a couple other little effect shots
but that was the bulk of it that was
about six hours of work for three
seconds it looks great it turned out
well then it's time consuming
there's a sale sign on the rear wall
okay so they want me to go to the rear
wall hang swimsuits
oh look swimsuits Bryce wait a minute
these suits are marked down to Half
Price
only 100 thousand dollars with your
newfound wealth you could afford that
little blue bikini job hanging there
okay I think that sounds like a hint is
that what I'm supposed to do apparently
by bikini yeah
what presently my swimsuit instead of
beginning you might be confusing about
words that it doesn't know what they
mean
take the swimsuit to the counter what
why is your hand there there's something
going on with that hand yes hold on pick
use like a reasonably tight spandex job
and blue although it's cut is a little
tight perhaps that may work in your
advantage on the ship in fact this may
be the beginning of a whole new image
for you Larry yes that's what I was
supposed to pick up the suit I'm sorry
I'm sorry I'm only allowed to accept
purchases across the counter oh yeah
excuse me miss you say hesitantly do you
have change for a million Bella bueno
but of course this is that the treeview
little clearance item all your oh is
that is trivial it the clearance item
all you are going to purchase today
that's a hint oh yes ma'am I've only got
a million on me oh okay because it suits
a million five alright that will be how
one hundred and six thousand five
hundred including taxa your change is
eight hundred and ninety-three thousand
five hundred I do a great Italian it's
something that
that's a $100 $400 $500 down Sam don't
count me more I'd have that one before
my ship leaves very well Lissa she
concludes have a nice a day you're right
I am dangerously close to Professor
Frink territory who is himself
dangerously close to Jerry Lewis
territory your pocket you pocket your
now gigantic wad of $100 bills we did it
oh we are now a kumquat that is our rank
oh so I guess we can go buy a soda
should we go buy a soda we got a spare
might that ring on her finger there's
something weird right there's like it
her hand is there let's go talk to that
lady again
I agree see I think now we're getting to
the game I think that was just like a
long interlude a long opening sequence
that was very long
yes back do you say look at ring
maybe it's cuz she doesn't have her hand
out yet walk back by the suit since when
she put her hand up right by the
swimsuits when you were back there oh
yeah okay look now try looking right
oh maybe that's just a signifier that
she's married even though that's the
wrong hand yeah but what does why is
that important just question so we know
not to hate on her really I said well
here's the thing it's the wrong hand so
it doesn't matter if we just let you hit
on her and fill the fact that there's
even show it that it seems showing that
right is unusual she'd means there's
something with that ask about husband
hey my little Latino Bambino you say if
I told you I know I'm probably wealthy
I'm sure to endear yourself instantly to
her with that pseudo bilingualism
oh she defies how many shipping lines do
you own
ouch
thank you see ask about husband husband
okay
say asked about I'll wait so she puts
her maybe it's something to come back to
later I don't know it just seems odd
it's it's it's such a weird thing to do
that there has to be more to it by ring
ring ring we tried to ask about Wrangler
oh maybe maybe that's yeah we try to ask
for ring maybe that's just something we
come back to later maybe maybe someone
will say I need a ring before I can go
all the way yeah okay okay all right
okay all right listen we're a kumquat
now we will figure this out come quiet
yeah but why what does that mean
Sid you see the score 70 100 50 that
kind of just gives you an indicator of
how far you are in the game and so you
rank up and I think it's just as
humorous don't you get a date I don't
get it what the fuck indeed ghosts and
ghosts and goblins thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
did you play ghosts and goblins or
ghouls and ghosts also I like Mac smoke
goes to glory that one that's why I want
to stream at some point the winner okay
I want to buy a soda do buy that sort of
buy soda grab soda get soda take soda
grab drink take
use soda dispenser for that use soda
days Ben sir I can't spell use soda okay
cut that large might take a long time to
fill oh god there's a gigantic cup in
there yes yes I I did play maximum air
moves in its forever to fill it's
probably the most underrated brawler of
all time platformer slash brawler what
but merely an incredible simulation
you decide to put it in your pocket
along with everything else like oh my
god what it's an inventory joke cause
you frequently in these games you carry
about things you're carrying around so
much shit you wouldn't be able do it
that's a funny joke okay
here's a hundred dollar bill you offer
ok pod this is the clip too bad we don't
keep any change at this time of night
mud is broad daylight you're just have a
nice day okay yeah we got the soda oh
let's see here there is so we got the
soda we got the lottery ticket so we
still have the ticket huh we shall have
the ticket well we have okay cruise
ticket swimsuit whattodo grotesque gulp
grotesque gulp oh maybe we can give that
to the to the to the drunks really okay
alright okay watch it watch me say I
don't know should I or should I drink it
should I drink some soda save before you
do which the case you're right
I should do that
what are we out of 606 three suit Larry
Oh sexy I think now we're finally
starting to get into some of the game
the stuff of the game so I'm glad we
waited no cut so you're enjoying it more
now well you know now we're doing yes I
agree I agree that's that's paramount to
any game is playing the game part of the
ball alien isolation oh hey I can get a
haircut now let's get a haircut
sick how about a quick styling a woman's
seer but of course replies Barbara allow
me to correct that receding hairline of
yours with my patented special
proprietary technique macrobiotic
styling reweaving just sit in the chair
my French man has turned Italian okay
hey whit Monsieur Oh boobs on the wall
yeah here's some pics of boobs
take a look inappropriate for a
barbershop well it's a sexy barbershop
take a look in the mirror and remembered
what you look like when I'm done you
won't be able to recognize your own
airline why you'll be a different man Oh
Jack when I'm at the barbershop I wish I
could look at boobs on the walls yeah
this is a this is a revolution you think
to yourself yeah this is exactly what I
need a new look I'll make Bachelorette
Barbie tune okay go for it okay go for
it and and allow me to begin that with
the thorough cleansing to rinse your
hair and scalp of any possible
pollutants I assure you I only use the
trendiest products all organically grown
and available only an undersized
overpriced biodegradable bottles now
you're getting a Mexican yeah I just
want to season you're like Erika you
wonder you to yourself what will I look
like when he's done
will I be handsome will I ever find it
true love
probably not Oh
oh maybe I look like that is that what's
happening it's gonna be a joke that's
what you're picturing his haircut and
change his face right that's what you're
picturing and oh oh make it beat running
what were they this was the haircut just
got home I don't know panos you
You certainly have interesting daydreams
says the barber what the fuck is that
it's the dog peeing I was like from
beginning of the game it's a flashback
Oh what how can you tell it was a dog
and peeing on his life that's a little
string Oh your hair is clean and
condition now for my special styling
let's check what you get back together
man Oh a future may I recommend 10 W 40
and no more than 3,000 miles between oil
changes I was I went German
I want to get the whole game Peter Lorre
is all done since the barber take a look
in this mirror what do you think okay
okay get in yeah that's funny
oh well you can't judge a book by it's
cover
muah-muah
that'll be fine see exactly how could I
you know I was I was getting off a
macrobiotic styling by the price
but the prize right the prize that's
Italian he's French that'll be that'll
be a hundred bucks you know yes you're
way off man thanks I guess have a nice
day
have a nice day I was better okay well
we're now up to 82 points I think we're
winning yes these jokes are bad Jen the
Leisure Suit Larry don't yes these are
terrible terrible Jim there is no Space
Quest no this is no Space Quest well at
least in space Christ we were also like
firing lasers and seeing alien yes
Space Quest is fun okay Olin let's talk
to these drunks hey drunk talk too drunk
hey drunk talk to guy it's no need these
guys do God here uh let's say if I'm
gonna try to give him my soda okay so
Chad how how was my Peter Lorre did you
all approve I can also do a pretty mean
Jimmy Stewart
George you have no reason to do that pic
guy this game isn't as funny as the
other research suit larry games it's
more of an outlier in the series since
they tried to do a weird type of story
okay okay oh this bar is off limits okay
this bar is off limits rich let's check
this guy wake up why bother
all right apparently this place is off
limits
these are just window dressings this
isn't a game at all
how do we get to that we know so don't
know how to get to the ship yet well man
Jimmy Stewart like he's like he's doing
a Western I'm I'm not entirely sure
he'll I wouldn't sound oh my god
he's my Jimmy Stewart's office game
today I used to be a lot better at it
wha what I used to be a I just feel a
lot better on it
I trust me I did Jimmy Joe's short I
gotta say Jimmy Stewart his name what
kind of kind of center's avoid dodge
like well I say Jimmy Stewart anything
like you need a line from like It's a
Wonderful Life
yeah that's probably what I need that
help that helps
santé Lightman I don't know what to do
next
I can't get to the ship I can see the
ship it's by the seashore
oh that's right this thing this place
hey no no let's go it's kind of lame
that it just opens what you've done the
appropriate number of things yeah no
puzzle aspect to that that's kind of its
kind of like invisible Walter yeah
I'm not I'm not liking the Leisure Suit
Larry - I love Sierra adventure guys I'm
sorry I'm sad that this is the last part
one I haven't played I kind of don't
like it I'm sad that I'm I'm sad ye old
ethnomusicology shop is filled with
unusual instruments from the four
corners my instrument of the world hey
wonder which ethnic subculture makes the
most extensive use of electric
amplifiers and drum sets rich can you do
a jack in person I've been doing it all
night jack isn't here today
see it's not good look look at the gams
on end look at the gams on that mom or
Duke no way mama dukes a dog I beautiful
you attempt to lay a little smooth mouth
on the lovely landlady
my name is Larry Larry laugher buenas
Dias senior doses and available oh no
last an article tacos oh my god
everything is a stereotype for this kid
yeah welcome to 1988 suddenly she smiles
broadly as if she recognizes you her
smile makes you glad you took Spanish in
high school too bad you slept through it
buggabugga
wow what the heck you decided to brush
the dust off your Spanish by attempting
a conversation with his lovely seniorita
perhaps you could begin by complimenting
her on our extremely good looks al pesto
LaGuerta say sperm Oh boobie toes your
ears remind me of will breasts
her face brightens further she seems
genuinely interested in you your Spanish
you must not be so bad after all
si se la Luna el gross at poopy doggie
la Bambino Allah seniorita
rep poor PTO's yes but the moon is full
and you are a chihuahua crow yes thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it
it's true you've been with us for the
past six months you've been with us for
the past five months I tried to read
that from far away I think it's time for
an eye exam whoa speaking is one thing
but understanding is another her
response baffles you completely you have
no idea what she means of course that
never stopped you before al pence a low
as tubular Reggie toe I'm a real Oh you
tell her my pencil is long hard and
yellow oh my god el hombre de la nostra
data esta majora signal a lay we toda
stupid Oh Santa is Lee seniorita Charma
so you're finally here I thought you
would never show up by the way who
writes these secret phrases anyway jack
we've just stumbled we've just stumbled
into a spy story yay finally things are
happening we have accidentally sent the
code phrase nice
it's too bad like we actually didn't do
I know
see like normally in a game like this
you would find like a piece of paper
with a code phrase on it yeah that'd be
great that'd be fun this is a puzzle to
solve this is basically a cutscene that
I have to hit enter to me yeah
I'm almost done with this job we oh no
it's not back we can't be I'm fine with
that the microfiche containing the
secrets to the recent United States
superconductor research breakthrough is
hidden inside this rare Peruvian on
clock don't let anyone touch it before
you personally deliver it to dr. Newton
key and I don't need to tell you to be
careful he and he alone has the
authority to deliver this to the USSR
agents Thank You Jackie got the name
wrong doctor no new key no Nicky
that would be Leisure Suit Larry
arch-nemesis one day doctor no doctor no
no key you wanna bet it's a beautiful
woman so she's a Russian spy rich okay
muchos Gracias seniorita people seem to
like the idea of you not playing this
anymore yes it is do we do a different
adventure game it would do something
different entirely let's just get out of
this doctor no new key is what John John
B 820 is saying Oh their resume I was
gonna take a picture of our new key
collection cuz it's been we've added a
lot to it I need to do that at some
point do you want to show them the space
on the shelf next to it so they know how
many more we need no well they already
know how many more we need just a couple
more I think three three more three we
discussed this last time and we got one
in the meantime work yeah more in read
we have it okay so we're done with this
game so the to answer your question of
water here whether we play this or
another adventure game or something else
somewhere close to four total hours I'm
down with that
I don't know I don't know you know what
I do want to take a moment to talk about
yeah remember the other day before we'd
like play a new game or whatever which
might involve me concentrating remember
the other week we were talking about me
generally not being disappointed with
the Fantastic Four trailer just like oh
it was fine and I have no hard feelings
that are strong feelings either way all
right sure I saw a trailer today that
reminded me what disappointment is it's
the daredevil TV trailer I haven't seen
that Anderson it's really disappointing
yeah it just looks uninteresting and it
doesn't show you anything good the suit
looks dumb what's kind of dumb no I was
disappointed by the trailer which of
course doesn't mean anything really and
then I thought to myself this is what it
feels like disappointed by something I'm
reminded this is what it feels like to
be disappointed everyday something every
day does it the Jurassic world trailer
yeah every day there's something to
remind you that you're just going to be
disappointed yeah except for the Mad Max
trailers whoa those are the best the
fond of Mad Max and those trailers look
fun it's still just gonna be a dumb
action movie with a guy who's called Mad
Max that's okay it's not like I don't
like when I think of Mad Max it's not
like oh that rule belongs to Mel Gibson
like I don't have strong feelings about
him where is the actor just stop the
movie it's the actions gonna be larger
and more over-the-top
that's okay I the original movies the
actions don't mean two on the top yeah I
like the setting of mainly the the
second one that's the only one that's
really loved but nice style and I love
that don't look of that universe Oh
Charlize Theron futuristic tech know if
you look at it it's made of like
wrenches and shit like it's made of like
junk which i think is neat
I'm excited does it actually move on its
own I don't know okay we could loses on
the train
I just know that there's like a wrench
on there and I think that's cool be down
with the cool this Ridge alright man
Max's style over substance it's awesome
post-apocalyptic future cars Phillip and
over on dirt roads future cars flip it
over and that's just a bunch of cool
shit I might hang with that for Mad Max
I hope they properly conveyed that I
think they will I mean it's the same guy
than me the other one oh yeah he's just
he was directing it yeah oh yeah that's
the same guy that created Mad Max okay
first three movies so get on the trolley
rich he also directed happy feet so
maybe a dancing penguin will show up
somewhere I'm sorry directed happy for
you the guy who made Mad Max movies did
happy feet you see and happy feet I
haven't seen any awful it's worse than
awful oh really
yeah Wow unbearable okay on what's the
matter I didn't variable an hour into
the movie a new movie starts oh it was
really late huh are you looking at what
games you yeah are we screaming you
looking at your games right now I think
I turned it off okay yeah you did great
um Rich's looking at what games he has
Lego Marvel Super Heroes that would be a
stark contrast magic magic huh mercenary
Kings Metal Gear Rising revengeance
revengeance that's not a that's not a
universe but it's a good crazy action
game oh okay yeah that's just not a word
revengeance um
quake for that beef I mean you know sure
rogue legacy if you want to shank shank
doesn't require many brain cells sure
nothing matters and everything's cool
anything is possible I don't know what
I'm in the mood for are you and the boy
you only put for anything
am I in the mood for anything oh yeah
if I'm gonna play something it's gonna
be something I've never played before
because I'm what are you doing what do I
got that you like here oh I like being
surprised see why we just to pick a game
for you that's wrong listed in there
somewhere
play a trying game what was that Tron
game I don't know I just want to point
out what's that that's that first person
you shooter with Tron you do three oh
you just throw your disc though is that
like and there are blocks
let's go game yeah yeah that doesn't
sound like what I would want in a Tron
game though what do you want from him
you want a light cycle oh good you know
what we could play the light cycle
portion there's a separate there's a
separate light cycle oh really
thing for Tron yeah we'll play light
cycles Jay Jay will play light cycles
play light cycles yeah I'll think right
when we come back Jay will play light
cycles
I'm putting us some pause
