Dark Souls 2: The Revengening (part 1)
October 28, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hxpuI-4z2DM

give a shit I have shit to talk about if
you want to play first oh yeah okay
who's fun hey everybody
I blow yeah none of a 52 viewers are you
subscribed over here way oh my god you
have the as the torture room I do I do
have a guitar on hello everybody welcome
to the stream we're not doing the game
giveaway yeah the cam will be later
we're streaming from Jack's laptop and
there was a a lacking number of USB
ports I I did the I didn't do the math
correctly about all the you were staying
in offline mode is whatever huh yeah
we're at offline mode because yeah
always offline mode always what I said
always offline on
I'm sure it's all fine
great yeah my so we're streaming off of
my laptop which only has two USB ins one
we need for the microphone and one we
need for the game capture device because
rich couldn't bring in his computer
today and that's so that's how I work oh
that spooky lightning thunder thunder my
lightning uh thunder that's your bolt
but the screen flashes so basically
we're super spooky tacular so we will be
we don't have a USB splitter and if you
wanted us to run out and get a USB
splitter it would mean that would be
even later than we already and any kind
of USB hub and the studio was in use yes
elsewhere
yeah this is and so basically Jay is
getting some super important work done
and afterwards he's going to come join
us and we are going to then we'll turn
the cam on or maybe not I don't know and
do a super spooky spooky movie giveaway
extreme and it's gonna be great
and it's gonna be great
the screams of the innocent the innocent
in the basement
the what with the noises they shouldn't
be hearing oh yeah yeah you should not
hear those noises coming from the nether
regions of the studio because that's
spooky
rich there's far too many spooky things
happening this is on the ps4 I have the
ps4 version that's what we're streaming
from should you skip it's not like I'm
paying attention that's happening you
will stand before it goes against my
nature to skip by the way this looks
great
we're playing this on the ps4 because
that's what I have it up and again rich
doesn't have his almighty PC here and so
just me my lap my lerp my last year here
my lips Europe
that's all I got please skip skip skip
yeah okay great always good that's fine
something to talk about in the game
giveaway section sector is apparently
the way we have been doing our giveaways
has sometimes been technically speaking
illegal yeah yeah
explain this apparently according to
twitch his own rules and they're a
little vague on it but according to
twitches own rules all giveaways or
drawings or contests need to adhere to
the no purchase necessary rules okay
which means that whenever we do a
subscriber only giveaway technically
speaking it is against the law hmm you
know weird obviously we did not know
about this how did we find out about
this someone tweeted at me
not necessarily upset about it but just
you know giving me a heads up and then I
looked it up on twitches forums and true
nuff no sucks well you know it doesn't
100% sucks so today for the spooky movie
giveaway we will be opening it up to
everyone then the laws I don't want to
give away anything now no I'm dead
serious I don't want to give my jack
shit what I still want to give away
stuff no fucking hi our subscribers
should have some kind of like what are
the perks otherwise is subscribing
what are they jack so because they get
the pizza roll we noticed them in chat
more yep they get the use of our emotes
oh oh joy
that's oh oh that's that makes all the
difference in the world I ain't give it
away shit today
I ain't doing it Wow Wow rich I fuckin
over our loyal subscribers listen we got
like 17 month people coming up true oh
my god is a giant cliff I almost ran off
a cliff am i insane frothing at the mall
to rant it is here's the here's the
thing it is a kind of a gray area yep
the the way in which it's done and there
is nothing super conclusive about it but
like just the general practice is like
hey you should probably oh my god there
was a cliff I fell off a cliff you die
yeah I can look at I don't even have a
sword a sword we could coincidentally
only reward subscribers that is true but
you know so if I mean I guess what I'm
saying is and and we're a small enough
channel where I'm sure like if you just
wanted to we could just do this well I
what if we some some jackass could just
wander in five minutes when something
we'll never see him again that's true
that's true
how about this how about in every other
as a compromise I think that's still
technically illegal I don't know I need
to read more into it where am I going
leftover beefcake I know you're joking
that I need to buy eggs after the stream
but coincidentally I do need to buy more
eggs after the stream just by sheer
coincidence I'm going to the grocery
store again I eat a lot of eggs rich
okay I need you to know that so that
other thing is that's what you that's
why we don't we don't have a cam today
we have a cam but the only camera I have
is attached to my laptop and so for the
for the game giveaway we're gonna turn
the cam on and the game footage off and
that'll be bad but I have no I have one
egg I have one egg I had enough eggs for
breakfast tomorrow
is that not enough eggs how many eggs do
you really need Jack I need three eggs
every morning for breakfast and I have
only have one egg because Lisa used the
other two to make a cake saying it's not
illegally to do the giveaway thing if
the chat is coincidentally in subs only
Road whoo okay gray area workaround how
about this I would like to do like let's
say I'd like to do 20% open doll okay
okay if we give away ten movies I would
like at least two of them to be open to
everyone okay in the spirit of
generosity you can even do a little bit
more than that you wanna do more than
that okay one okay I'm not gonna be a
complete Grinch let's do that well the
people who let's support oh she gets
something that should be work that
should be worth is something that pizza
rolls okay all right I'm with you I can
be with you
I don't I can't believe you
someone says Jack tell rich to be a
sorcerer I'm not one of the points and
resistance guys yeah like we believe
name try to recall your name who wants
to be named biggle but who wants to be
named Fergie dandelion snack or this
will be all erupted anybody the first
person who calls it first person who
wants to be named now
all right mr. shy smile is the first
person I see great
mr. chiasma well yeah and you know
that's the other thing you know meet
Packard Oh meets Packard would be great
the other thing that subscribing Getz is
more of our content the reason that we
keep doing this overall sure is though
that's that subscription helps us
produce the show and so I'm done go go
select the other thing so I can be done
there we go
are you gonna use the d-pad you can't
that's weird just weird
mr. joy are you sure of your name mr.
Schine are you sure
by the way that's pretty cool mr. Shea
yep and you're gonna be like wielding a
sword and they called me mr. Shea pardon
me while I fuck your shit up
all right what are these things
you know you're customizing your
character that you'll only see the back
of you just randomizing purple eyebrows
purple purple arrows Heaney's purple
arrows
Rich's randomizing everything nice beard
he needs a fanciful mustache courage no
I hate well it's that was fade huh that
was fate get out of that he needs a
fanciful mustache really yeah there's
there's a few things that I need from
this character look look at that
fanciful mustache
no that's a beard really look at the
fanciful mustache up - yeah there you go
there thank you everything else can be
random aliens want to match the mobile I
guess that makes sense yeah you want to
do that well we'll have matching colors
on there well that looks fantastic
I think that looks fantastic he he looks
to be like a man who's in a synth band a
band that employers a synthesizer or
perhaps all synthesizers or maybe he
plays the banjo to be ironic
oh god this is atrocious absolutely this
is the worst idea I have ever had great
he looks great
mr. shy being oh we lost the mustache
I'll go back to me and Susan Louis a
she's back we need the fanciful mustache
fucking ripped I'm fuckin rub your back
perfect you really want sorcerer they're
saying sorcerer is the way to go but we
have fallen down that path before yeah
whatever
it's all fine all right it's all fine
homeward bone I don't know what that is
but that seems like a good gift I don't
know what it is great is this your true
self the purple hair that's my mustache
the wizard
they go but no no no come on now will
you get a little staff e staff oh I hate
magic what is it why did I agree to be a
source for you I don't know you that's
that that's a really weird thing if you
hate magic I do I actually do you never
I'm never the mage yeah absolutely never
I mean sweet man no need to wait okay
it's fine it's all fine great
that's why I gave letting other people
tell me what to do I do love his bright
bright pink purple hair look at that
that man sticks out in a crowd no sir I
came from I don't know yeah yeah that's
where I came from
no can't we will have a camera later but
we can't lack of USB ports lack of USB
ports on Jack's laptop big lack of the
USB ports but we'll have a camera later
when we do the mega movie spooky movie
giveaway the mega fucking movie give
away every hump we have in the studio
isn't used by another computer that
needs it more than we do yes hard drives
and one nut no I rich that's too healthy
that you've used now yeah I don't care
it's all fine I haven't played
blood-borne and it's months couple
months they just announced that when the
blood-borne DLC is coming yeah yeah late
next month come some of the weapons look
really cool I'm really excited to get
back into blood-borne
in general you know there I've been I've
been playing I've been playing a ton of
tf2 lately where the fuck am I supposed
to go up there no Jack you tell me how
to get up there and I'll get up there
where that where else can you go
there's a bridge where I came from
though oh then I'm wet in this house
yeah and where did the door lead you
back out here oh wait this is the back
this is the other this is a little yeah
this is like the back door looks
different bridge different bridge maybe
alright as this fine move fine okay so
I've been playing a ton of tf2 lately
because we've been testing out that
steam controller yeah whoo secret path
rich dinosaur feet probably not a good
path to think that's a great path to
take your I mean it has giant foot oh
there you go stab him in the back he's a
friend he's not a friend stab him in the
back how do you know that because he's
about to he almost sat on you do friends
sit on you rich yes I'm sorry no I will
get facecam back next time I bring the
laptop I will remember a USB hub of some
sort many apologies for no face cam we
tried to get like my laptop doesn't know
I keep accidentally hitting that button
the health poisoned button yeah
my laptop does have like a camera
built-in but it just doesn't look good
and then our like we wouldn't be able to
use the green screen it would take up
too much of the shot so we're gonna use
it later when when Jay comes and we do
super movie
give away super make a movie give away
okay do you remember how to backstab
it's just the stronger talent maybe I
don't know if backstab works of us this
is a different game then you might want
to run away or is it is it holding down
the light attack OOP what happened there
I don't know you can do it right oh yeah
I could do any good just fine I'm sure
I'm not supposed to go this way
oh you can't backstab without a backstab
capable weapon ah thank you
yeah I think that's uh I think that's a
fake out stupid magic I think that yeah
I mean I'm sure you can get different
weapons later there's a thing what's
that if it blocked you you get it can
you get your you get it are you did get
it I'd I'd take that all back hey go
rich fuck off our three to lock on
oh and apparently that isn't that's a
narwhal troll Oh a narwhal troll ah the
narwhal trolls can't be backstabbed
there are a certain number of enemies in
this game that cannot be backstab so
lucky strikes we will get the FaceCam
back I promise just not not for this
game pretty much dead end anyway well we
know there's some behind you 100 K
became cave wonders the Cave of oneness
the cave of might it's the cave boy oh
oh that was that coal assic from
software fake out how we turn around
that's not a fake out it's just we went
the wrong way you just don't need to go
that way good classic from software I've
only played one of their games no I've
read more of their games I'm gonna be I
mean pretty much just Dark Souls what
Technica mean I mean just blood-borne oh
yeah a little bit we played a demon
souls and a little bit of Dark Souls 1
well that was my joke cuz like I'm not
at all equipped to say classic from
software Oh what this wizard you would
lock onto him if our three they say Vega
oh look at oh that's pretty good you got
a minute
Oh fucking magic I forgot everything
about blood-borne I forgotten about the
lock-on yeah I forgotten everything know
how it has been that fucking long
exactly like this is very that that
troll is very reminiscent to the to the
giant ogre with a sword and that's in
yarman yeah I figured I'm just having
fun I'm not I'm not this is not super
serious MLG Pro Dark Souls 2 time it's
not this is I'm fucking around until we
do whatever we're gonna do later yes
okay completely fucking useless if you
don't have to walk on completely useless
I hate the staff and I hate fucking
wizards all wizards can fucking suck it
oh I could have had a fucking sword
you could have oh and I have a dagger
but no no they wanted me to be a wizard
fucking wizard but like you go Boop you
I want to go walk back I want to chop
somebody's fucking head off I want the
visceral thrill of violet gory combat I
don't want to throw these puff balls
around like a sissy boy I'm gonna get
you whatever them yeah grab your fucking
head I want Gore to spill out of their
fucking stomach after I hack them with
my axe or you know you I got you I got
you I'm safe and far away
according to the the trailer for the
blood-borne DLC uh-huh one of your new
weapons is basically a rotary saw blade
attached to a stick so you can just
fucking dismember people with a saw
blade attached to a stick it looked
awesome oh and we mentioned about
sorceress is too fun to redo the
character I think there's value in my
being displeased don't kick the leg no
don't kick the ladder down you're in the
trees bitch you're in the trees your
endeavour forest the forest of the
ancients it Oh who's that guy
you should probably kill hope there's a
statue okay
the statue blocks your way he's an
ancient warrior rich you must perform
that the magical ceremony of town
release the town's free the salt you've
managed to make obi-wan son was here you
must use the Force uh let me sprinkle
this powder function on everything Oh
fucking fucking wizards
you know I was I ate doughnuts I was
thinking about an end-of-the-year prereq
APUs owed obviously our next episode
which I'm hoping we can get out sometime
next month is the steam controller we
need a ton of time with it to give it
its proper do something I want to film
with it this week I do want to film
something with it yeah yeah which has a
really good idea a good compare contrast
with it but as far as an end-of-the-year
thing I think something that I want to
try is I want to look back in all of the
episodes and take a shit I want to go
back in all the episodes and find all of
the rich Evans predictions and make an
end-of-the-year episode called rich
Evans is right all the time and and will
just you know cut to all of the
predictions he made about games or about
upcoming shit and see how right he was
all right
I like that idea you like that idea for
example all of the horror end is Batman
Arkham Knight DLC the spot on the nose
spot on the nose with all that rich how
many other predictions that I made did I
make enough predictions for that to be a
thing oh I have no idea that was it was
just something I was thinking of so I
knew I need to rewatch a bunch of old
episodes thing he's got a giant nutsack
oh my god you know I love their monster
design so much
oh we're gonna move that pathetic heavy
attack
welcome wizards fucking wizards I wanna
I just want to like talk to the people
who are in charge of making all the
monsters in the game and just be like
what's going on you're fucked up head
dude let's have a chat and then like
well we took this guy and we made a
stomach real big kind of looks like a
nutsack pretty cool no one's got a staff
or something he's he's a wizard nutsack
he's a nut sack wizard rich he's a nut
sack wizard his show swings with me nut
sacks
Dannan dan dan that and it look at his
weapon he's like hitting you with a club
made out of human skeletons look at that
he sure shoves me sacré I wish I knew
more of that song our Millah 3 what's
going on is we're playing Dark Soul 2
until J is done with very important
business when J comes were giving away
hair or movies we don't have a face cam
because I'm streaming from my laptop
because rich couldn't bring you some
computer and later we'll have the face
cam on when we give away the hair or
movies that's all the update we have and
we're singing songs based on nut sacs
and classic who medleys
yes classic Harry movies
classic horror movies
all right so what do I need to do about
the statue like I said something that I
completely ignored him because I didn't
care what he was saying and now I'm lost
and so that was probably a mistake
there's a glowy thing over there we're
on a track keep going that way
right right thank you
yeah you got the glowy thing Kasbah this
game does look fine blessing game does
look beautiful and already I'm very
happy with the monster design already
we're getting grotesqueness in the
monsters yeah like it's alright why dad
it's fine that's what I like I like
grotesque missing my monsters time over
how long do torches usually lasts five
errantly five minutes in real life is
that too much to ask like a real torch
yeah like a real torch I don't know what
a torch is made out of like what's
usually wood yes sure short wood and
there's something wrapped around the
wood to make sure you don't burn your
fucking hand right it was just something
wrapped around the wood to give you more
to burn sure it's really like an oil
soaked cloth sure you know I guess
depending on the wood my guess is around
five minutes before it's in there
fucking useless and who would ever
bother with a torch
I think explore this cave for five
minutes when you find you then you use
your next torch I am I have no one look
into this everyone keep trying to tell
us one blood stream
what janitor everyone someone said Oh
bonfire right past it
I'm internally hurting there's a bonfire
a save state uh yeah well I had been
through much that was difficult
well he's got to get here again yeah
they're saying a real torture last like
15 minutes unless you did weird stuff to
it like what kind of weird stuff what
kind of weird stuff are you doing -
torchic man don't underestimate the
common sex pervert or the up comments or
the uncommon sex yeah my fetish my face
is torches I like I belong I think the
uncommon sex pervert would just be
somebody who likes normal sex
wait but right right right right right
is that it there you go that's it
they're not lanterns their swords in the
ground it's an abnormal pervert is just
a normal person oh I suppose pervert
already denotes some sort of abnormality
yes it's a double negative Oh
rich you're wise beyond your years when
it when it comes to people's perversions
you are very wise you know oh yeah yeah
I'm an expert
lol lol lol you guys missed the heal
flask Oh No Rachel oh no in this game
that I'm taking super seriously right
now I missed the hill plus people hate
being the people are used to when when
when normal streamer stream games yeah I
think generally they're trying to win
the game I think that's what V V people
normally do in the game so we can't
blame viewers for assuming that I'm
assuming this like a 40-hour game we're
not beating it tonight that's just not
happening we're 100% in Dark Souls 2
tonight I guarantee it
we've got like an hour time to fuck
around and poke some trolls in the bud
right I won't use met he is he died out
of magic or something oh this is fucker
even have limited magic on top of all
those other drawbacks or is it a
two-handed weapon news thing you got
your torch now yep yep he's no useless
is now useless I hate I hate the fucking
sorcerer I fucking hate him I fucking
hate him you should have known better
rich I should have you should have I
should have this is no one this is no
one's fault but your own
you need to sit at the bonfire to
recharge you might need just receiving
you know rest him on fire would you
change your blonde probably your magic
there's my magic meter
they also have that fist I have to
remember how to play this game you got a
dagger man we got the dagger man it will
be terrible
oh that's not how you do things oh I
saved a screenshot does that help
no shit damn it we stopped here to use
wasting a heel Jack oh fuck oh my god
you did it twice so you wasted a heel
Jack wasted a heel
I need to change weapons we could go to
the inventory try head and try and start
I tried that I got this or select no
because there's no select button there's
a share button that's what I hit before
oh my god don't hit the big window oh
yeah the big oh yeah the big window okay
of course
oh equipment there we go
we have a dagger
what up shit that didn't do anything I
mean I'm learning how to equip stuff
oh the dagger is a right handed right
yes okay yeah we can stagger hey you
have it have cooked on those weights
right hand woman they're both there the
dagger and the staff are both the
right-hander weapon oh well staff I mean
in spite of my natural dislike of of
magic yeah I think that would be the
better weapon does he have range oh yeah
absolutely
talk to the girl but the tree next to
the cliff she gives you the flask that
will regenerate add bonfire fires okay
there's a girl you got to talk to me
talk to this guy just press right on the
d-pad I think that's the weapon switch
yeah oh yeah it's been it's been a while
since I've played more so I was
wondering how to get into the inventory
menu but it's the it's the touchpad but
it just kinda does business I don't
think the problem is the game not
telling me what to do I think the
problem is I'm in all honesty I'm not
saying you get super seriously right now
right and then therefore you're not
really paying it so you're not getting
immersed in the world I'm here to talk
talking goof radish how dare you how
dare you talking goof around a shit man
is a tree
you can hold the staff in your left hand
to use magic and stabbing whoo I like
magic and stabbing are you okay with
wizards and sorcerers I mean I have no
strong allegiance Oh
oh look at this we can equip the dagger
in the left at hand weapons well I oh
you fucked up
I get why memory learning there we go
now okay now we're ready to rock that is
a lady by a tree by a cliff bye yeah
everything's a cliff oh there's a lady
I found a lady hey I found a lady hey
lady if she's neat looking yeah cloaks
I got nothing against no cloaks much
much like magic people I'm kind of
indifferent towards clothes yeah you put
me in a fantasy setting yeah you give me
a choice of class yeah beef or a warrior
yeah yeah okay
I'm usually a like dwarf or barbarian
kind of person I don't I love I loved
like the brush look goofy and I don't
let go I love I will Bart you in a
barbarian I want brute slow strength I
want to pummel my opponent oh I prefer
finesse fighting right but I like
pummeling okay we got a shit we got a
thing
we got a shit thing I'm gonna rest at
the bonfire
a tune and it spells oh come on dagger
goes in your right hand
you aren't linked damn it does it matter
it doesn't do different attacks do you
have two dollars I have who do I have to
that oh I could double dagger oh wait
but then you have no no shit then we
lose the magic huh do they do different
texts I'm just curious
okay so light and light and strong and
strong so no okay so that's kind of neat
right
it's up to you if you want that of a
staff you know it's weird you are you
are the fucking sorcerer and it seems
like a waste well I can always come back
to this down yeah you know it's very
strange
is so you know we've been playing around
with this steam controller yeah and I
think it might have cured me from my
inverted y-axis really just in the head
now that being inverted I felt we're
doing huh huh
you know because it works more like the
the d-pad works more or the touchpad
works more like a mouse yeah this
definitely feels more natural non
inversion
my decibels talk more about the steam
controller at some other time yeah yeah
not
not to at the moment but yeah we will
talk more about the steam controller and
obviously that's not that's not
something where where we can even like
rush through well was it officially come
out we got time on that yeah no and
that's on November sometime in November
it's November not December we I mean we
still obviously have time but that's
something that I really want to be very
comfortable with before before I give
like an official summation yeah we're
playing at a ps4 right now we're playing
this on the ps4
and it's just been a while since I've
played any of these games I'm little bit
rusty is this life no we're dead spooky
spooky we've been dead the whole time
not that we could do it tonight anyway
I'm just curious is there any is there
any specific game you guys would like to
see played with a steam controller did
you fell off a thing those bastards they
had a glowy thing and so I thought it
was okay to go in the water just like a
lemon just like a living absolutely no
difference no they had a glowy thing yep
yep you saw this the shiny ball hole in
you I write off the club hip right off
the cliff right right off it rich a
serious FPS what what would you define
is a serious FPS good you know what rich
that's a fair question
I like quite to a serious FPS you
probably consider it like like
Battlefront or something I have been
playing nothing but tf2 with a
controller to hone my first-person
shooting skills I like your idea by the
way of the motion controls I haven't
actually I'll just try that out
but I'm looking forward to utilizing
motion controls with the steam
controller to see if it's a and it makes
aiming any more accurate retro
platformers that's a technical
suggestion we there's gonna be no
difference d-pad needs some tester but
you don't need to use it you can use the
joystick that's almost like it's almost
irrelevant make junk in this game I
forget what about fighting game sure
once whatever that a glowingly figures
XCOM can you try it with XCOM we could
try it with ours no oh that's not a bad
idea that's a game you know very well
I think that's important with the
gunpoint sam and max putting quicks not
a bad idea to test cuz it's kind of
thing like some of the older point and
quicks that weren't designed for a
controller interesting to see what the
steam controller would feel like man yes
made it to the forest of the fallen
Giants fuck you man I would plan to play
doom and quake with the steam much I
already you know I have at home is there
a shooter anybody can think of that
keeps track of like accuracy not just
not just like head shots but just the
amount of hits to misses
that's what we need well I guess you
know just like how quickly you can I
guess I can tell them my plan for what
to do with the steam controller yeah I
want to take a series of different types
of games definitely want to get an FPS
in there maybe maybe even two FPS is
because that's a big deal to me with the
steam controller and then I want both me
and Jack to play through the same
section of the game with the steam
controller xbox controller and a
keyboard and mouse and just to see how
we how these how these things comparing
the trash Jack is a controller person
and then you know you would get his
compare and contrast with a steam
controller and a regular controller and
a keyboard mouse and then me is somebody
who is a keyboard and mouse guy even my
perspective and to see if like the steam
controller is better for one of us than
the other and just to see how it stacks
up very don't regular keno
so I'm really looking for an FPS that'll
keep track of accuracy so once we play
through we can actually have a number we
can look at like okay well we played
through the steam controller and my
accuracy was like 75% but when I played
through the mouse key by Magus it was 92
87 % mm-hmm regular controller was 50
yeah I want that kind of thing
and this can't be a multiplayer only
things we need to play through the same
section of the game yet multiplayer and
other people in different skill levels
there's too many variables agreed
there's gonna be a single-player game
that'll keep track of accuracy right in
the head put an arrow right in my
fucking head left for dead gives you
accuracy stuff but left for dead also
randomizes el zombie placement it has
the never mind that director right yeah
roll away roll away that's a terrible
idea because it mostly depends how you
are to the controller now I'm gonna go
on record as saying that if you're used
to a mouse a keyboard it's definitively
superior but I'm like a mouse keyboard
guy and Jack is a controller guy so you
get two different perspectives there
well and and rich and I are working now
to familiarize ourselves with the steam
controller just in general yeah so
hopefully by the time we conduct the
test we will be prepared Metal Gear
Solid 5 tracks accuracy yeah but I don't
know that's a lot of what a stealth
involved
I guess if you just disregarded stuff
and tried to shoot your way through a
level sure
sure
here's instant action levels keep track
of accuracy or normally about five or
ten minutes long okay okay
fear fear f.e.a.r f.e.a.r okay that's
not bad
by the last round of a test one should
be too familiar with a section of higher
accuracy would be well yeah I would plan
on giving the whatever we did first
another shot just to make up for that
it doesn't matter if fear is you know as
excellent I mean this isn't I'm not
concerned about what would make for a
good stream I'm just concerned about
what would make for a good the steam
controller test when we film little bits
for that episode how did your face
change how did your face change you have
a different head do i your hairs all
fucked up that just could be because
I've died a lot no rich put him on tie
fighter doesn't that measure accuracy
yes I believe it does but I mean I'm
going to do a whole bunch of different
games so I need a good first person yeah
I think just cuz I fucked up
I don't think fear has 360 support okay
what about a game with snipers or a
similar weapon where precision is
important well the game with snipers
precision is important but not enough
speed so much I don't think so I don't I
don't know that you would notice as
great a improvement in accuracy yeah it
needs to be a little I think the time
you can take when you're sniping someone
from a distance would kind of cancel out
like the need for the speed and accuracy
of a mouse I don't know I mean I'm
thinking like some kind of fast paced
shooter would be a great test
fuck you
still not a hundred percent used to
non-inverted controls every once in a
while I get a little fucked up be
curious to see how the Arkham games and
Ferris steam controller okay cuz I was I
was thinking about this the other day
and I know Grand Theft Auto 5 has the
ammunation shooting range mmm which
seems perfect but I don't I have it for
the PlayStation 3 and through magic I
have it on the PlayStation 4 but it
would be 50 bucks to buy on Steam just
for this test sure through magic yep
they're just magic nothing else
I don't want to deal with you I don't
want to deal with you sword and shield
guy what the fuck
Resident Evil 4 tracks accuracy
statistics okay then a lot of people
saying they want to see how FTL would
play with the controller I think we I
just planned on doing that anyway
now someone's throwing bombs at me now
someone is throwing bombs at me I I have
not tried XCOM with the steam controller
I am largely concerned with the steam
controller playing shooters so that's
that's been my focus and I got to admit
like the first few days was just trying
to find some kind of like track pad
settings that I was comfortable with and
I'll say this No and something they
could fix with some kind of software
update I assume but resetting up the
controller your control scheme for every
single individual game is a gigantic
fucking pain in the ass especially if
you typically don't use the default
control in games like I don't use WASD I
use the number pad so if I buy a new
game not only would I have to change the
the keys in the game to the number pad
yeah then I'd also have to set up the
controller individually because the
patroller wants to default to WASD yeah
but shouldn't you be able to just save
it doesn't it it wants to save it for
individual games
I've tried loading maybe it just cuz I'm
trying to do an older game you didn't
like older games I don't know but the
the only presets it wants me to load are
the the pre-established ones or the
community voted ones I think that you
just haven't figured out how to load
your preset yet I've saved my presets
and it seems to only want to save it for
that individual
what what no WASD madness no yeah you
know it's yeah complete otter madness
look the number pad the advantage that
not not not not the arrow keys but the
number pad the advantage of the number
pad is every button on that number pad
isn't arranged in a nice even grid I
can't fucking stand for one that kind of
cramped claw shape
I got a do for WASD and for another
thing
the keys are kind of like the cues not
that lined up with the a that's all
messed up I like the nice evenly
distributed number pad grid plus I I've
bought like they sell separate number
pads you could buy I think it's meant
for like accountants but I have bought
one and then I just don't need the whole
fucking keyboard that I'm not using in
my way if I'm playing it sure I just got
the fucking number pad I got my mouse
that seems to make a lot of sense rich
yeah now my right hand is on a separate
number pad that I have bought because I
don't have the rest of the keyboard in
my way I just have a separate individual
own number pad that I have bought
why is what makes that autistic chat
we're saying that's autistic and he
explained to me how that's autistic yeah
it's perfectly logical it's it's because
they you know it's because they use WASD
and they never thought about a better
way and so they're making fun of you
because you thought of a better way I'm
not even calling it a better way I'm
just my way and it's fine it works well
for me and it makes nothing but sense to
me like that was always that was one of
my problems that's that is one of my
problems with keyboard and mouse in
general is getting is having the muscle
memory to remember where the keys are it
would be much easier if I had never been
and guess Chad I know you're supposed to
use your your index finger for the W and
the s that I can't get used to that
that's just too weird that's just way
too weird for me
no I want to other stuff in here
yes middle finger tight index finger
whatever
another on me because I said the index
finger for the W and the S one it's the
middle finger I know this I just said it
wrong but you said it wrong right that
was a problem I know I know everyone's
correcting me like I actually would try
to use my index finger for the W and the
egg with nothing on the deep I know I
don't know I don't know I don't know
either rich I'm gonna go in this fog and
see what happens wait was there wasn't a
sword over here anyway I don't want to
go in the mist yet I don't feel like I'm
prepared for the mist yet
oh look if you're if you're a fan of PC
you should never shit on somebody for
liking a customized control scheme I
mean that's that's your major advantage
with a PC gaming you can you can
customize this shit to how you want it
anybody who's a fan of PC gaming should
be in favor of customizing and being
able to do it your own way
that's kind of part of it if you're
gonna belittle somebody not that you're
really belittling me but you're gonna be
an asshole the fuck is wrong with you
I'm sure many things are wrong with that
right many
