Brutal Demon's Souls (Part 2)
June 14, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CtIll_PHe3M

there was something like that in
blood-borne that I never ever used not
the pebble it was a blood yeah the blood
something
what cocktail yeah yeah somebody else is
saying they're the same as the cold
blood do Oh Oh so it gives you more
Souls when you get back to the place
well who's right I don't know who do we
believe throwing molotovs like a son of
a bitch like a goddamn son of a bitch
you come down here and face my club Oh
always up there are you excited for the
about the Pluto flyby ninja-like fuck
yes I am some science nerd paydirt right
there
rich were the worst characters in
fiction everyone from a Star Wars
prequel boom also Simba that's mean I'm
saluting sorry I mean that the same as
the punch in blood cocktail pungent
blood cocktail that's very different
okay so yes it is it's the thing to
entrap enemies the other guy was right I
get up there can I get up there you've
stood anyone says you've passed a few
gates that will become shortcuts have I
are you saying all right I mean I
believe there's a dude up there there's
also just people throwing fighters at me
I don't necessarily want to deal with
I don't know if I I mean I believe you
but anything over
I can't wait for rich to actually see
the nothing of that flyby and be all
disappointed even if it's just a rock
and it's probably just a rock well I
mean it's a rock we've known about for a
damn long time and still haven't really
seen it's any meaningful way of course
it's exciting yeah it's exciting do you
have any idea how fucking far away Pluto
is and how amazing it is that we've got
a probe with a camera out there @cn yeah
that's some exciting shit absolutely
some motherfuckers need to get excited
about science and you know what science
isn't always exciting it's not always
explosions and drilling rocks drilling
holes and asteroids with with with Ben
Kingsley or
Bruce Willis that's not how it works
sometimes science is just like oh look
at that rock shit that rocks got a lot
of holes in it I think whoever told me
there are some doors in strollin
motherfucker even if it's even if it was
relatively unexcited footage I mean you
know back before the Pluto controversy I
mean this was the last planet this is
the one we hadn't seen yet yeah yeah
Darrin knows somebody who grew up with
Pluto being a planet when I was a kid
I'm excited to see it finally ok whoever
said I'm missing gates is a lying
motherfucker you're a lying motherfucker
it might be yeah
like here's a gate can't get in it you a
lyin motherfucker motherfucker
you are lying motherfucker motherfucker
either you're lying or you don't know
you're lying and that's kind of like a
lie
in itself think about that you think it
you think about that how about that it's
gonna have a message on it saying fuck
you I need 20 that would be they
actually if it actually did wouldn't
that be the most exciting thing that
would ever happen that would be really
funny and like it has like two rock
formations coming out of either besides
that look like middle fingers alright we
get our first look at Pluto fuck you
oh well Pluto is kind of an asshole I'm
the planet motherfucker I think they
need to completely redefine the planets
we've talked about we have
I think my bow and arrow would have been
useful here I understand my Pluto isn't
a planet anymore but yeah I think I
think the gas giants need to be their
own category too and you know I can
agree with that I think I think oh shit
shit if I seen the New Age nonsense
spirit science I've heard a little bit
about it it sounds just as retarded as
any other kind of supernatural
gobbledygook gobbledygook brought to you
by feeling better about yourself don't
understand the what's going on in the
world around you we've got some
supernatural gobbledygook for you I
think spirit science is just New Age
crap that wants to be taken more
seriously sure you put science behind
but science in front of it yeah yeah or
in front of it no behind it's beard you
know it's beard I do I do know what you
mean that was just being dickish because
I said something big dick
oh yeah there's another dick in there
come on out here I'm here you dick
oh you're a throwie kind of addictive
fuck you then dick fucking dick great
great making progress
oh that's where this dick came from oh I
bet there's a go don't fall down there
15 minutes why what happens if III in 15
minutes
III and 15 miss Frank this we've got a
big presentation going on oh is Bethesda
in 15 minutes yeah yeah we're we're
staying away from e3 spoilers cuz we
want to watch it live and film our
reactions live so be kind who's in 15
minutes is that Microsoft I don't know
so we're system earlier yeah maybe
Bethesda who are Microsoft they're just
Bethesda
I can't go down
now this is where this dick was there's
also this how do I get to this look at
this what is the worst sequel in a
series template une Ghostbusters - or
predator to Temple of Doom is fine it's
completely Ghostbusters - Oh out of
those yes predator twos kind of schlocky
yeah so is pressure no well it's a date
you know a different kind of shock I
guess I need this guy like I can't get
to that I wanted I would subdue the
greatness of the first one sure
Ghostbusters - you know what I'll give
you that I'll give you that Ghostbusters
to you all the way I made a Ghostbusters
movie that's not especially quotable not
like the first one is were like every
damn line in the first line right no oh
I got a bastard sword a bastard sword I
got a Jon Snow sword it's a game of
Thrones reference Temple of Doom is just
different it's not indeed fighting Nazis
again which is good yeah yeah I'm with
you you're a bastard Jon Snow
not sure why Temple of Doom because as
much hate as it does the lady and short
round she's she's there doing a thing
with her she's a parody yeah but in
short round sure runs fine
what
I actually kind of like that Willie
Scott is the just the ultimate parody of
the damsel in distress who's screaming
constantly right who's just so
irritating she's the anti Marian she's
so irritating that you actually don't
want to rescue her that's the joke yeah
I'm with you
made it too far now I've made it too far
now where I will feel really bad if I if
I eat it and I might eat it
boom
repost okay okay what is this I don't
know I don't know if I want to enter the
fog I don't want to enter the fuck
anybody anybody I'm nervous about I've
now made it far enough where I don't
want to bet I don't want to go through
this all again okay oh you know which is
good we'll fight about oh I have fire
bombs that's true you um printed
anything in your character you know I
haven't been able to be you know oh my
god right and I have a I have what seems
like a lot of souls probably isn't no oh
god you know in the grand scheme of
things
you idiots he's blue stuff up thank you
for showing me that game by the way if
you hit certain barrels with fire you
blow up that was nice of the game to
show me that do you think the same she's
annoying as a joke it is like Bill
Paxton and aliens it's still totally
obnoxious see you're just wrong because
Bill Paxton in aliens is fucking great
whether he likes it or not just the role
he will be remembered for no matter what
he does
can't upgrade T beat the first boss I
would believe that whoever that does
something oh and now I kind of want to
go back I just did something I'm sure if
K says enter the fog
I need a death so I can take a drink
it's getting thirsty oh I'm sorry
leftover beefcake I am working it I
think this is the the way to go back to
open up that gate so you know what I'm
sorry
just take a drink you don't need to play
a game to take a drink you can just
drink because you know we're adults and
we do shit
rich which batman movie has come the
closest to replicating the greatness of
the animated series that would be Batman
mask of the phantasm for reasons that
should be obvious oh no no Oh fuckity
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
stop blocking down to people stop liking
other people stop blocking other people
stop blocking out of people look fuck
mr. smile says keep going down the
stairs for the short cuts I know I know
I know but I'm running away so I don't
die I fell down a long ways and now I'm
running away from the bad guys cuz I
don't want to die she old Jack still
getting used to this whole repost thing
riches the 1990 is overrated
everything except Nirvana alright
don't hit the red barrels don't hit the
red barrels ok ok I made it
ah I made it to the shortcut
I got the question regarding Willie
Scott you know yeah yeah
shouldn't it be obvious that I wouldn't
be annoyed by somebody with a loud
piercing screen right okay I got some I
got some stuff I got some stuff to wear
I got old ragged robes I will take them
old ragged gloves I will take them old
ragged boots I will take them I found
some pants rich oh wait I didn't equip
any of them can I not equip them wait I
got a ring the 80s were embodied by like
Back to the Future mm-hmm
the 90s were embodied by full house oh
why can't I wear these
blossom oh you blossom why can't I wear
these yet
well I can't wear those in okay but I've
unlocked the shortcut so that's helpful
feel good about that I did something
don't get that out of here oh wait now
well my health went up Oh cuz I'm
wearing that ring nice nice
all right rich we're doing something
yeah I'm making progress in this game
god damn it I feel pretty good about
that okay here we go
I thought 90s was friends uh yeah 90s
was friends hate friends I could see
that I'm okay with friends friendship
good sitcom if you're into sitcom if you
are into the formula that is sitcoms
friends that's what I'm talking about
what what the decade had I'm talking
about stylistically what is the
standard-bearer what is but when you
think of the 90s I think of crap like
full house when I think of the 80s I
think of stuff like Back to the Future
hmm sure I'm with you
full house
horseshit show
great great
what about mm mm the odds that's a dumb
name that's what they have they have no
identity that's what they have that be
all they have no identity
sure stylistically there's nothing that
stands out about the arts fuck not ready
to fight you not ready to fight you not
ready to fight you running away 50s had
their own distinct style the 60s did the
70s did the 80s did the nineties did not
uh-huh just a blur of existence sight
that's a nice dodge I felt good about
that until of course I everything I got
I got to get away from this guy
gotta get away from this guy oh I have
firebombs oh wait no no I want to heal
no fuck what did I do
sure the ox had the rama's fine around
movies I'm just saying stylistically
there indistinct he wants fuck
sure seventies you think bell bottom
pants disco no the colors yep eighty you
should think about you know the music
they have the eighties colors the
pastels the punk scene
which of course was the 70s too but you
know remembered more for the neon yeah
six days you think those those round
glasses hippies Beatles sure there's a
culture you can identify with the 60s
and the 70s and the 80s and the 90s you
know like is it weird that quite
possibly the biggest like remembrance of
the 90s fashion wise might be carving
shorts well you know I guess it's got a
style that stands out I guess grunge in
general yeah yeah what were the odds I
don't know skinny jeans cold spices
old Spice's culture is stupid we're just
talking about the fact that the odds
don't have like anything that
distinguishes them from other decades
that's all that's the only point I have
yeah I know that I'm not I'm not a
positive or a negative I'm just I find
it interesting that the odds are
indistinct and I think that's fair by
the way that's fair cuz it they are
largely unless someone can point to
something right now that that proves
otherwise
what does it check out 9/11 that's
that's an event that's not a style
what's that right I guess paranoia is
paranoia style it's something ken
paranoid be a style cuz that would be my
style surrendering our rights with the
Patriot Act baby maybe yeah I don't know
all good questions rich these are all
good questions mr. court says the
answers like he is like the musical
mashup style it's indistinct but it's
still a thing all right I'll take that
it's it is still a thing
that is true fucking cameras
yeah you know mashup is a style I
suppose so there you go that's what you
got hyperpolarized politics I think
that's kind of been around for a while
I'm not gonna call that new I don't know
if it's hyperpolarized because it's not
going to either pull I'm just going
further and further right yeah you know
what lefties have been losing lefties
have been losing their poll if they had
any to begin with I think you walk off
the ledge the far left is I think what
the center used to be shit shit fell off
the stairs
oh alright you can go ahead and fold
that out
I'm okay with that
blah barrels because they blow up
while those all my souls are right there
and I don't want to drag this into
politics just somebody brought that up
fuck twice now three times charm fuck
don't die don't die
maybe you shouldn't let yourself get
stabbed in the chest well I tried to
block and it didn't work or I did it
wrong which is probably more appropriate
pick up Souls pick up Souls where are
they did I pick them up
rich it's the other way around Oh
bullshit bullshit
if it were the other way around
we would be raising the minimum wage oh
you heal fuck you you heal of course you
heal
how did I beat him before favorite
customer says parrying is not blocking
what you trying I think they're saying
you're trying to use the parry 11 walk
no but like he's supposed to attack and
I parry and then that it's supposed to
knock them off guard so I can do the
repost and it's not with your timings
fucked up or you can't parry the
specific attack apparently don't know I
picked up my soul's ivory picked up my
selves before I died so I'm okay with
that
there ain't no but this is blocking this
is parrying and it didn't work with him
all right you know what it claimed it
claimed noised him all right
try it again try it again
these guys you can take anything these
guys are easy now I get that I'm here
with the easy guys
crescent moon grass yeah I here
I'm on
I'm both uh-huh right probably good it
did you well I got rid of one there we
go
I got behind that one fine it's fine
everything's fine everything's fine
everything's fine
definitely you know like it's it's
basically the 100% exact same mechanics
blood-borne has to offer I'm not as into
the world just because it's like you
know nights and Skellington z' and
whatnot and I I'm more a horror guy but
still a game I could get into there
they're not but it's early yet it is but
even like I felt early on in blood-borne
the ma I I was into the monsters just
cuz like you know just goes on the hard
guy that's the sound of looking for
right that clang
area all right
oh no not the clang is that booth that
I'm looking for maybe poof no your sound
effects can I sneak up on these guys do
you think the reboot culture will end at
some point can we can we say hope we
hope well that's not the question though
how many how many times can they remake
the same things do you really want to
make a third Robocop remake after the
second one was so horrible I guess the
first remake
so the first remake was so horrible do
you do it again I don't know they're
desperate for new ideas well well no I
know that's true
I think they're afraid to try new ideas
daddy know when they know they can make
money with proving one but look at your
asset world was proof of that
yep that's that name I know let's go see
that movie rich what you've just
embodied everyone in America yeah that's
that name I know you just did it so
perfectly and so succinctly this is your
power yep I like Robocop great this
sounds great after all these years and
you know it's not helping shit like that
Mad Max you know why cuz it's actually
good cuz then someone goes oh yeah just
like Mad Max that was a good one that
come from
no ideas are bit profitable I think of
me an eight-bit there are a gamble they
could be very profitable if you find a
good new idea yeah they could be bad if
they bomb or and really ideas are only
half of it it's also execution a bad
idea with good execution right movies
are a lot more expensive to make than
they used to be mm-hmm
I mean they're spending as much making
the movie as they make back with the
domestic profits right that's a lot of
money to spend on an unproven thing yes
it's just like with video games now all
right you fuck
for my soul's got to get my souls right
away
fuck will they reboot the moon-landing
wouldn't it be great if we went back out
into space yes yes that would be sort of
fucker on Mars
let's let's go back to work on that
biodome and let's put a fucking
Palomares yeah that'd be great
I got a throwing knife the jacker rich
get the crossbow this is all Jack and
Jack did you get the crossbow I did not
get a crossbow no crossbows Manhattan no
crossbows Ben hey I did get a throwing
knife don't know I use it necessarily
does it have to be in this hand yeah
you're right Caspar it is sad that space
travel is now part of nostalgia oh right
that is really sad yeah where's that
where's my fucking throw knives give me
a fucking space elevator will not be the
cool shit ever space elevator that would
be
a space elevator and some ion engines
and let's let's just let's just let's
just take over this whole fucking solar
system to see what happens let's you
know we've raped earth enough
let's rape the rest of the solar system
cuz I'm all for terraforming shit let's
let's make Mars just like fucking earth
yeah let's if we can let's make Venus
just like Earth why the fuck not no one
else is using it
just two fucking rocks if now they're
doing jack shit right and what has Mars
done for me lately let's give that shit
a breathable atmosphere fuck yeah that'd
be so that'd be so fucking hot whoa whoa
shove the planet course is full of
nuclear weapons it's just to reheat the
cores and get a magnetic field going
sure if that's how it works I don't know
how it works just throw all kinds of
fucking algae on there and make oxygen
fucking do it yeah do it
Oh fucking algae get out of here with
your fucking algae talk wouldn't you
love to live on on like like tightening
or Europa mmm just just live on a moon
going around Saturn wouldn't that be the
coolest fucking visual
look out you look out your window
there's a fucking giant planet there
with rings oh that would be great
that would be great let's get there
let's fucking get there there's a guy
like over here I'm sure of it I got some
yeah there is we already have ion
engines several probes and satellites
have them yeah but we need a fucking
ship that has people on them with ion
engines that'll take us out the galaxy
that's the other part of the equation or
at least a solar system that is the
other part of the equation
ah
one day it sounds like company
management just fucking terraform I
don't want to hear your excuses well cuz
you just know in the future assuming we
do try to go back out into space there's
gonna be some assholes like we gotta
leave these things alone like they
naturally were no let's let's take that
shit over it's a rock do something with
it
if I got a couple more souls I could get
a short spear
that'd be might be awesome grocery shit
let's hey let's grow some shit I need to
get some more Souls
there's nothing on Mars but Matt Damon I
get it I get it by the way if you're at
all interested in the Martian the book
or the movie yeah don't watch the
trailer for the movie because the
trailer fucking gives everything away oh
good I have not seen it you absolutely
everything is spoiled in the trailer oh
so avoid it that's too bad
nope nope
oh I don't have fire good fine
I keep thinking about reading the book
but I might want to watch the movie
first because usually it's good luck
yeah and usually the book is far better
than the movie and so it's like yeah I
watch the movie first and enjoy that
fuck you
I mean you could leave Mars alone the
lock that it is and like nobody would
ever be able to appreciate it ever will
be gone someday it's true I ever want to
be gone someday that's how nature works
I've seen nature before couple more
Souls and I combine like a spear or
something there's a lot of dudes over
here
rich we can't even fix problems here
white take them somewhere else because
because we need to grow but also you
know there is a we need to fix our
problems and we need to develop
technology and to grow as a species
there's a common good that people like
rallying around you know fuck besides
whatever whatever group colonizes Mars I
mean that's like a fresh start you don't
have to worry about what the problems on
Earth you can do it again you can do it
better it's a second chance you know
it's always nice as a people to have a
goal plus if you terraform a planet
you're gonna you're gonna care a lot
more about the environment that planet
is you spend fucking centuries making
that shit right and money ya spend money
may like earth we just got that
that's just free shit you know the earth
is like the family car that everybody
uses and nobody gives a shit about
taking care of it but if you invest
billions of dollars into Mars that's
that's like your Porsche yep and you're
gonna wax that shit every day what is
the UH what's the Lotus does it tell me
yeah
rich but aren't the planets and moons
fragile ecosystems that should be
protected as he cherished cherish from
far know the raw materials we need to
use them
oh this tells me what the stuff is heals
users bleeding who if I had bleeding
assurance the Nexus attracts those
hungry for souls are yeah throw a knife
great you know what I got now I got a
motherfucking a throwing knife three of
them pretty excited about that
fuck another one of you age 121 says
there is no way to make Mars livable
you're right we shouldn't even try let's
all just die on this planet
I can heal too motherfucker
fucking gotcha why not just blow the
planets off well we need something to
live off I know there's probably plenty
of fine materials in there we could use
but oh sure sure but I think the
asteroid builds I mean that's basically
you know what the asteroid belts are
that's really the material we you know
we live on the planets we do need some
sort of rock to stand on while we blow
up the planets yes unless we all live in
like spaceship colony cities okay I
might you might be selling me on this
blow up the planets rich Evans okay with
blowing up the planet is it is it is it
easier to blow up the planet but it is
the terraforming I don't know um you
need a lot of energy to blow up a planet
terraforming it oh look I have an arrow
in my head I have an arrow in my head oh
he's gone now
terraforming I feel like would yield
better results cuz there would be a
wider range of things that we could grow
on a planet versus then we can extract
from it okay okay that's that's my there
anything cool down there is that just
dudes to fight and probably just dudes
to fighting there is fog up here I'm
gonna go to the fog easier to build a
giant space Dyson well yeah but you'd
probably need to blow up plenty of
planets in order to have enough material
to build a giant space Dyson Sphere
Dyson Sphere you don't know what a Dyson
Sphere nope uh that's the concept if you
want to get every amount of energy the
Sun produces yeah you would need to
build a giant shell around the Sun or
around the solar system oh okay that
could collect every single bit of energy
that these sun expels sure all right
that's when you get into type three
Galactic Civilizations Oh
okay I'm with you I am with you
so this thing there's a guy you can meet
down there as part of a cyclist okay
yeah I'm coming down here I feel like
down here is the way to be did you see
all these guys down here you know
there's something right it's gotta be
something what about the precious
indigenous species on those planets well
it would be great if we could discover
one but I know I my gut tells me that at
least in this solar system we're alone I
don't I don't know that they're ever
going to find fossilized bacteria on
Mars I don't know you're not a guy I can
talk to I can lock on to you if you can
lock on to a guy you can kill them
that's rule number one
and even if they do find fossilized
bacteria Mars I doubt they're ever gonna
find anything living sure someone to
talk to they part not gonna find someone
to talk to on Mars mm-hmm they're
probably not gonna find something to get
infected by one of those fuckers hate
those fuckers
what sci-fi shows have a Dyson Sphere
the only one I know about is Star Trek
The Next Generation you only show those
head of Dyson Sphere okay that I know of
fuck you died fuck all the way back to
the fucking beginning
why not rich as far as as far as life
elsewhere in this solar system just just
my god
I mean I'm not backing that up and I
could easily be wrong just my gut tells
me I know that doesn't mean much that
don't mean much and if they did find
bacteria on Mars I'd be okay not too
shocking and also cool would be my two
responses to that just my cynical nature
I'm telling myself it's not gonna happen
not even fighting bacteria may be
fossilized I doubt they'll find anything
living
I died I know you know that isn't it the
case that the earth is at just the right
distance away from the Sun in order
preserve life well I think Mars and
Venus also fall in that Goldilocks zone
yeah
Mars can I think is nice they have in
the past
yeah and Venus may have before the
greenhouse effect basically melted the
planet I think I think without the
greenhouse effect Venus would be quite
livable well other than the lack of a
magnetic field that's a killer Venus
does not have a magnetic field I know
did not oh okay
I thought it did until somewhat recently
I'm just curious bother terraforming and
if it was even possible obvious sure and
then I read it didn't have a magnetic
sphere okay there you go and then at
that point that all fucking well I'll
just go back to Mars right
I just thinking what will be the blessed
best planet the terrible sure I mean
tomorrow
it's obviously mark yeah well I mean if
if Venus were to actually have a
magnetic field that's important you need
that I don't want to have to live
underground and in Bunker's you need
that I don't want to have to live in
mind yeah that is something that is
important to me I bet there's a way to
open up this thing that's what I want to
open up next
not living in a bunker is really
important to my goals as a person
come on out here and fight me you fucks
whoa not that way well this way
come out here dick but doesn't Venus's
atmosphere so thick that it doesn't need
a magnetic field that could be true but
then again I think if you're going to
terraform Venus you may need to do
something about the atmospheres I think
the pressure would just be too much heat
or no heat so you'd probably have to
find a way to siphon a lot of that off
anyway we're Toni feel about corn dogs
like hot dogs on a stick wrapped in a
cornbread deep-fried lousy Philistine
you know didn't know if he had any
strong feelings on corn dog I actually
do not okay you do not like corn dog
sorry just trying to break up the
planetary talk and we're just fine it's
not like I have anything better to talk
about 6969 barter for 20 yeah dearest
esteemed rich Evans yeah did you know
Bethesda is demoing do four at e3 right
now listen don't give us wait it's full
of devastating cinematic takedowns with
no player input and boasts four player
multiplayer
oh well I mean is that shocking to
anybody like its software they're
basically dead none of the same people
none of the people were gonna do for our
people we're working on doing more due
to a world possibly even doom 3 it's a
different company I mean Romero and
Carmack aren't even there anymore mmm
it's dead it is dead it is dead yeah on
that takedown thing oh that's so
disgusting
there's takedowns in in Bruhl doom I
don't use them you're stupid
anytime the camera leaves the
first-person perspective it makes me
sick I'm that's fair
hopefully they at least have the good
sense to not have regenerating health
and if like if I do for is like a cover
based shooter oh I can just go fuck
itself right to death right to death
