It's a Mad Mad Mad Mad Mad Max (Part 1)
September 2, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VW3NIeOxcGs

then I thought they would be and so they
might be comically large my nose guard
my wife stepped on my glasses because
she hates you because the cat knocked
him off the table and she didn't see him
but it broke one of my little plastic my
little rubber nose guard things and it's
been bothering me for a while so I'm
fixing it now oh my god oh my god oh my
god that was a twitch thing that was a
twitch - welcome to the to the mad Mac
the mad Mac stream really half an hour
late we're an hour late I think I said
hey oh my god what's always a three why
would you ever say eight did you always
know we start late give yourself a
buffer it's Wednesday usually we give
yourself a buffer usually Wednesday we
started like seven yeah so I gave myself
a buffer eight hello everybody hi we're
here with the new Mad Max game yes very
excited to play the new Mad Max game oh
yeah I kind of like the screen I like I
like the artwork well of course it's Mad
Max well of course all right like like
an hour two ago I went in the chat and I
asked does everybody want to see a new
game or a game I've been playing that
response was overwhelmingly a game I've
already been playing mm-hmm so we're
going to pick this up after and some
number of hours okay no problem
what the fuck
Andy do you have a beefcakes thing
running yes I do
great you got beefcakes thing running
nose then let me oh this is not a new
game I wanted I tested it I started a
new game see we got game audio yeah and
that's what came up
I have a but I will be able to chat with
everyone just a second now that I
replaced one nose guard I need to
replace the other to make sure that
either even do you want to switch spots
would that make sense what no I have my
laptop I'll be okay and everything I
just there we go
they you know the the irony with glasses
is in order to repair them every single
screw is the tiniest thing imaginable to
fit on a small frame but when you're
repairing them you can't wear them oh my
god - terrible yep it is on great and
save drew built Italy and Don got me
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it it's true we really do we
appreciate it so much that way that we
that we say it twice and built Italy
that is right be that there's so many
weird spaces and there underscores yeah
and is built that is proper okay
oh that's great Jack can now see I can
now see if my glasses aren't slipping up
and gobbling up the hellcat striker and
you know what gobbledygook cuz I got a
half-assed that the first time thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true all right leg mega a game yeah
get the fuck on to your Mad Max oh my
god no wait I gotta pull up the check
cause now I can't see anyone's going on
in the chat alright I'm finally playing
the game and now I've been playing for
like four or five hours okay I only just
got the jacket now oh really
yeah well you were saying also that you
don't really get you don't get the the
Interceptor there is some grinding going
on in this game and okay no way there's
like a shitload of leveling you have to
do to like unlock the jacket and and
various other moves but I wanted the
goddamn jacket come at max game you need
the jacket and
instead of normal earning of experience
you you earn XP by doing this kind of
shelling shit and I had to do like 21 of
these before I leveled up enough to get
the jacket what is the game consistent
like what's the game open-world it's
like an open-world game like here uh
eats six cans of food of course complete
13 scavenging locations to feed 10
roadkill vehicles by any means you know
that kind of stuff
ok alright alright
oh you know we didn't do we didn't
update this this dream before we do you
click the stage dream Oh which was which
was being funny and he clicked start
stream was repairing my glasses Oh Jack
and you fix that easily from your laptop
Emily Richard I'm gonna go rescue my dog
would you go rescue your dog already by
the way Mad Max has a hunchback that guy
that's that's your hunchback
the world looks nice yeah that looks
very mad Maxie that's a thing now Mad
Max is famous interceptor that gets
destroyed in every fucking movie now
yeah it gets destroyed in like the
opening cutscene you don't get to drive
it at all really and so far the only
real plot structure in the game has is
uh you're building a new car I mean you
know it's just an excuse to drive around
as Mad Max right and mad Max's mother
usually are pretty self she doesn't care
about stopping the evil army you know he
he wants to do car that's your
motivation in this game you want a new
car that's you know what that is very
mad Max's you're right max actually gets
very mad when he finds out this the
hunchback he's building you a car
because he's like you've got a religious
nut mm-hmm he thinks you're the car
Messiah and Mad Max doesn't care just
cares that some guys building of a car
sure so he's going along with it kind of
and he looked under the hood and he saw
it was only a v6 he starts yelling at
this hunchback he's building up a car
god damn it I told you I went to a
different mission this isn't dog machine
Oh doesn't matter okay so now we get to
see what combat looks like and it's
Batman
and you're whipping yeah no that's
something I want to point out this game
it kind of lets you see through the the
facade of the free-flow combat like you
play one of the Arkham games and Batman
does all this fancy kung-fu shit of
course you're only hitting the X button
over and over again but Batman does like
80,000 different things right they just
stayed true to Max's character he
doesn't do a bunch of kungfu so he only
does for the most part like left and
right fist punches and when you build up
that combo and you're still just
throwing punches mm-hmm
it kind of lets you see the little man
in the room behind the curtain right
right the it's it's uh it's all mirror
no smoke I don't know apparently
shooting up a flare let me have that
that body thing great car we're building
okay so so yeah so the the thing that
makes the Batman combat fun even though
you're only pressing one button is the
animation the trickery doesn't like
feeling like a bad X right that's what
is the illusion that game pulls off for
combat
hold on updating stream yeah ed Mack
now let's get that fucking oh you're
getting your job yeah
updated great we are up to him
updated and you know what we're gonna
get crazy with it I'm gonna even
remember to tweet that's what's
happening tonight rich that's a good
thing we're playing a hot new game hot
and a hot new title well a cool new game
because it's competing against metal
here right right someone had the idea to
open this opposite metal gear really
dumb I mean you know what you know what
it was they wanted to coincide with a
blu-ray valachia
oh sure still probably a bad idea still
probably very much better I mean I'm not
a metal throw again I fan I'd go with
the Mad Max over Metal Gear but I am I
am in the extreme minority
and tweet it great everything's great
this is not the ps4 game rich is playing
the the PC version it's a very good port
I have had no weird glitches issues or
bugs that's very good you know it it's
been running grapes this looks fantastic
you Metal Gear isn't very popular though
it's basically the nintendo of third
party games except for nintendo is very
popular your logic is flawed in your own
sentence
Metal Gear has an insanely rabid fan
base a large and rabid fan base Nintendo
also has a larger rabid fan base but I
think people like to pretend it doesn't
yeah what's with that was the dog in the
car already where's the dog I was in the
middle of this mission when I I stopped
playing mm-hmm and I had to pick the dog
and up and put him in the buggy
originally I mean he wasn't there I'm
assuming he's in the buggy now no I
don't see any dog okay that's fine you
know what it's fine I'm just gonna drive
the buggy back to the base I get the dog
and I'm assuming the dog will appear in
the buggy
how do you think yeah okay this is
something weird I did I mean I didn't
stop in the middle of retrieving the dog
anyway I see him in there he's black dog
and I see something moving around
there's probably talk fruit pie the
magician or inany master says it was a
joke Jack about the Metal Gear fans I
don't know how many of them was you know
he was making a joke that Metal Gear is
not a large game oh and maybe this
should just be like a message we give
out at the beginning of every stream you
can't detect sarcasm in textbooks yeah
that is a comment that is so absurd you
know you'd have to assume you know I
mean I want italics subtlety and parody
I think can be lost you give me but give
me a toughness as blatant as yeah metal
gears not very popular that should be
known mildly mildly obvious I'm not in
chat mode yet you know I'm still I'm
still we just started scrambled to get
here around time not on time but we
scrambled to get here an hour like it
but you're right nowyour and thinking
about it you're right but I need some
italics yeah who's that guy use that
face for sarcasm
who's Kyle I don't have my battle car
though I gotta bring this dog back god
damn it you get it like a ton of scrap
that's like currency building shit with
scrap yeah that little car oval spec car
I gotta stole all his shit
you don't want to wreck that car I just
want to be the start back and finish
that business then we can get on their
nonsense besides I don't have like
weapons on this thing this is just a
buggy okay don't move you yeah oh this
is your base most technically not Maxim
he doesn't own it right okay you got a
dog the dog finds landmines oh that's
exciting he does that from the back of
the buggy he doesn't leave the buggy to
find the landmines okay he just barks at
them this guy is in charge of the base
this ugly motherfucker
okay alright let's go blow shit up yay
blow shit up okay so rich yeah
I would like to start off the stream by
talking about how you are right about
everything
what yeah so rare I hear that do you
know that you are correct about
everything all the time
what am I correct about this time
specifically this time the have you
heard of the new arkham knight dlc
uh-huh well I know that there was a race
car won there was a race car won but one
just came out today is it other race car
won no yeah it was something that you
are very very right of a challenge map
some jello oh oh we finally get them oh
no no we get six of them 0:06 challenge
maps for $2 how could you how could you
botch that game so badly right and then
you said the story telling
you're gonna Ram this guy fuck you huh
so you just kind of assumed that
everyone else is bad like I have a
harpoon what just shake his door out now
once the harpoon is reloaded actually
this probably nobody is sitting in that
car right now but I could yank the
driver out as it is I'm just gonna Ram
his Chevy sure these guys they will jump
on your hood that's awesome that's a
that's okay because I've got a shotgun
super fun bullets
very scarce which I kind of like you
only get well ii-i've gotten one shot
gun upgrade so I can have a few more
bullets before I start out you can only
have three damn bullets really yes oh
that's great so do you automatically get
this crap
after you do for no no you don't so then
what I'm just fucking around right now
on them I mean let me blow on ya hey hey
take care of your business
oh and and the driver side is on the
other side all
as it should be
the driver's-side should be on the other
side because that's original Mad Max
yeah it I guess I'm that's my point
yeah you can get in the other house not
that that did me much good no that
didn't do in fact very little bit that
looks like a good fight I'll get in that
car see that right there in vests that's
what you collect oh shit oh yeah okay
we're fucking around it's fine we're
just looking so Arkham Knight DLC yeah
Robin Nightwing Catwoman Batman now
challenges yeah ar challenges six total
area challenges for two bucks are they
done in the lame style of the AR
challenges oh so it's completely
worthless fuck them how could they botch
that so bad the challenges were like one
of the best things about the old games
fuck them it's our money yes fucking
idiots
and so you know you use very very
correctly absolutely call that in our
Arkham Knight review I figured they
would release proper challenge maps at
least and only six of them which brings
the total number of challenge maps up to
like nine six doesn't shock me because I
figure they'll keep releasing like six
at a time there are two different packs
oh I've used that one that's how you
survey the area you get in a little
balloon that goes up and then you use
the binoculars look around and you you
observe the things you can do that's
great landmines are the dog show you
though no no big deal no I just poke
around
are we gonna watch the animated movie of
The Killing Joke I'm going with the
stipulation that it's Mark Hamill and I
think that was confirmed it was yeah why
wouldn't I do that
oh those big dick glint you can see yeah
oh yeah
sniper Oh convoy I don't think I'm fast
enough for this group convoys are fun
yeah get it get it
yeah they're Palumbi out of water my
car's no I mean I'm fairly early in the
game my car's not very upgraded
oh you're catching up so what's the good
uh I gotta get that car with the icon
over yeah that's got a good unit mmm
let's get a foot Horniman put out of it
the whole tournament I'll have some kind
of staff oh sure oh the last one I got
was Dora I'm assuming the wrong hood
ornaments and that fuckers got to get
away because you wear these car parts
could just be carpets
you know I asked rich if this game was
good I'm on the way over here and I was
like so you've been playing that max
isn't any good and he and his exact
response I was thought it was going to
be back when I before came out right but
his exact response was it's not as bad
as I thought it wasn't gonna be which is
not necessarily a glowing well I'm just
still digesting it I mean I only just
got his jacket
god damn it
and
I do love the different like terrain you
know
like you got into that deeper sand and
it was our people that seemed pretty
cool
it's the important question the Habs if
you'll take those
they're getting away
that's okay rich that's oh okay fuck it
fuck all right fix my car you hunchback
you notre-dame reject even Notre Dame
reject and so that's what he does he
just yeah well just hang here in the Sun
you fix my car max can't be bothered to
fix the car sniper
all this my got one lousy show left
whoa
ivan call harpoon record and take off
their wheels so
did get the driver there
oh that other one just blow up did he
hit something yeah oh my land minefield
oh no I think it was it was called like
a boomer car or something I think it's
like a kamikaze
and so there's there is no overarching
objective in this game well there's this
guy beat up the brother of actually the
the the other son of immortan joe is in
charge of gas town oh and early in the
game he beats you up and steals your car
but then you chase after him and you
shove a chainsaw into his forehead ok
but he he might still be alive
I'm not sure okay other than building a
car that's the only semblance of a story
immortan joe's other son who looks a lot
like rictus erectus I took your car and
threw you off of his truck after you
stabbed him in the head with a chainsaw
and so we gonna make it only assume
he'll show up later with some kind of
ridiculous move - sure
is it we also assume then this takes
place after period I either after fury
road or on some kind of weird new
continuity I'm not sure which did they
do start off with the Interceptor so or
maybe before fear um well yeah but the
interceptors destroy and you start off
your erode with the interceptors so I
think I think we're looking at another
new continuity another new country it's
fine it's fine it's Mad Max is fine
that's a person well kill him
no ok I think a good guy she's gonna
tossed rallyin uh I think they're all
yeah there might be somebody who didn't
die there are other ways inside
less dangerous so she's letting me know
there's a secret way into this
particular base all right which might
let me bypass some bullshit
I was sure got I got I can scout it out
sniper flame pipe in the front gate or
he beats the drums and agitates the war
boys to be more violent okay excellent
oh that's a new one I've never seen that
before at home all the top sling he's
gotta throw fire at me sure don't want
to do that so maybe there's another way
in behind this thing mm-hmm
I'm liking this game more and more I can
see some of the stuff getting repetitive
just like this would be the fourth base
I took down okay
you can do that
what are you taking down the whole tower
you a this one I'd probably have to take
down those two supports next to it oh
that's an option
great
so you you weren't looking for the
secret pass
I might there's a secret way and I i'll
there is that rich goes great to know
about that secret way would fuck another
movie our point it might be no was it
under was it under that fight
oh wow
have you seen to follow that pipe keep
going it's down
for the back
you break that perfect yes/no down there
is that a fight coming up it's too far
away
you're right
you're right is this car equipped with
OnStar left overview cake has the
important questions yes did you just
miss that you you are not hitting it
center I don't know if that is it
doubt it wouldn't matter
nope missingno okay then what's on the
go left
or like is it that area under that pipe
there can you smash through that
I'm gonna say no
now I'm just fuckin up my car
Pacific Pacific
my hunchback is gonna have to fix that
later another yep
Phoenix of course has a very very
important question the enemy vehicles
have spikes why does your car suck so
much because the enemy vehicles have
spikes where's your spikes oh I don't
know maybe I can buy spikes later even
your spikes I don't get it it's I don't
getting it it's weird
no it's it's true spikes are something
that exists I may the pick was not a
secret okay but like is that a piece of
wood over there and right in front of
that pipe
top
jump off of that pipe rape jump up that
pipe tilting it not dancing it you know
like that looks like wood up there no
okay that's fence that's a fact are
that's faster and like that it might be
overthinking this are we yeah I think
I'm also worried about going in the pipe
I didn't think to go on top of the pipe
oh sure
unless maybe not so this video is like
on the other side of this there's a
thing there's a way in right well lady
said there was a way in I mean maybe
she's full of shit dude maybe she just
hates me we have to assume that she's
there for a reason and not full of shit
like all those rusted bits brittle nope
is that a fuel supply that you can blow
up it's probably it'll take down the
that fire there okay I'll talk
yeah shotgun specialist rich these are
shotguns but I'm trying run I'm trying
and it's not working what platform is
this on rich is currently playing it on
the PC oh my god this is got some
fucking reach on it yeah but I believe
it's also available consoles gloriously
no predator vision nope oh yes no cheat
button
you know George Miller should direct
Star Wars han Solo no George George
militia direct the next Mad Max waste
his talents in some Star Wars locker now
give them a budget let them do anyone's
well okay we've got a dust storm there
are storms there as sometimes late you
see like dust devils floating around
yeah but you just take car wheels and
shit yeah yeah don't give don't keep
George Miller like a han Solo movie get
you know what I would trust George
Miller was like a Boba Fett movie uh you
don't want to see it but also you know
what I want to do I want to give George
Miller a bunch of money yeah so hook him
up with Disney and he immediately has a
bunch of money and you know he won't
give a shit about listening to Disney's
notes
do you suppose he's passionate about
Star Wars though Georgia no yeah it
would just be a job for him not a
passion project yeah but it would be a
job that he does well you know I don't
believe that
Irving Kirchner was passionate about
Star Wars when he got tapped it's a
direct Empire but that motherfucker did
his job as a director and directed the
fuck out of Empire sure
we're just doing it doing it the hard
way well on that in the first book place
but I like it I like that there is you
know rich
listen I'm not gonna say who's a better
director Miller or curse me all in it
this is this is just a thing a
director's job is to have a strong
vision George Miller has that Miller
should do a Bond movie no I don't think
Miller would be good at you know the
sneaky stuff what is that oh that's the
drummer I missed all fun
Oh was that your last bullet yep I loved
I do love that ammo is scarce of course
mother buffs now their bumps Perry mate
yeah this is a little were mad max
becomes Batman but as rich was saying
he's not doing crazy flips and yeah like
he's not doing kung-fu he's just
punching people which is exactly what
Mad Max we're doing and I'm gonna go
ahead and do the rich it's a little
boring you know the lack of certainly
boring to watch the lack of fancy
animations definitely makes it a little
boring to watch this is not some pro
playing you're watching her either
though you always do I don't think the
people would realize this and watch but
you always do worse on stream mmm-hmm oh
sure sure rich yeah rich what do you
think of the Michael Keaton Batman where
Batman has no apparent qualms about
killing all of the henchmen just like
just rewatched that like the first time
I remember like yesterday oh yeah you're
very well timed with it yeah it's weird
my responses it's weird and when I when
I first saw that like I was younger I
was just old enough to think that Batman
who kills is kind of newt
he's a hardcore Batman did he kill it's
been ages since I've seen he doesn't go
out of his way to but yes it happens
constantly he blows up ace chemicals and
axes chemicals with all of the Joker's
henchmen still inside sure he knocks
people off roofs he he takes the one guy
at the end of the movie Klumps his foot
around his head he throws them down this
huge stairwell I mean okay he murders
people left and right it's it's pretty
indiscriminate it's not it's not violent
he doesn't like he never takes out like
a gun he doesn't shoot somebody a bad
sure there's plenty of people off of
long Falls okay and and the I ever
mentioned explosive oh right right you
know what didn't even think about that
cartoon logic if you don't see the
people die they don't die
so what do you think about that ah it as
a kid you hit you had no qualms work in
the movie because I was a kid I didn't
care didn't notice I mean maybe it's
because he's not going out of his way
but like a shotgun he's not yeah he's
not like setting out to murder people
it's it's it's almost self-defense
sure Oh some people like there's some
subtler nods I think to the previous
movies you know some people might
remember this running animation from Mel
Gibson and road warrior I think running
with the can in the middle of the street
when when he stomps on out a henchman
who's on the ground very reminiscent of
Tom Hardy in fury road yeah
that's great wait the Sun will set mr.
oh I never want to cook what's up here
the drummer oh that's right he's still
alive I couldn't take him out how
embarrassing
he's just been sitting up there oh I got
one look one bullet one bullet yeah he's
a drummer but he's busy going on
yep I swear it was nothing personal
nothing against you man that's great
I'm getting there future future Jay you
know I uh I guess I hadn't just honestly
never thought about it that he kills
people
yep and it's been ages since I've seen
the movie I can only imagine it it has
not aged terribly well as I don't think
many of the quote-unquote serious Tim
Burton films have it's kind of funny how
bad the costume looks in hindsight yeah
I mean the the the the it's just
terrible is this giant rubber thing that
fits on his face awkwardly
ringing sir
oh that's great
oh yeah what's great job game one what
happened glitchy yeah light little gig
glitchy
he pulled a kitty pryde on you there
this is a melding of the universe as he
slipped right through you
what we're talking about we're talking
about stuff oh that's in Burton Batman
oh sure yeah well you know it's like if
you look at something like Edward
Scissorhands which takes place in this
you know Tim Burton fantasy world mm-hmm
that that's kind of ageless because of
the fantasy setting you know even though
it's not a real fantasy setting does
that I don't know if that makes any
sense but I think Batman is supposed to
you know what else is a hot about that
movie what Alfred just lets Vic evil
right into the Batcave yeah oh another
bullet maybe you don't find that many
bullets yeah she's a fucking reporter
but I'm trying to find out more about
the Batman so she could publish it he's
right in the cave he's just that good
judge of character I guess maybe he's
just sick of the whole Sharat charade
bitch yeah sure rude I mean that Alfred
is quite possibly one of the oldest
Alfred's and so yeah he might have just
been tired
master master Bruce I just don't give a
fuck anymore I'm letting reporter in any
thoughts on the Prince soundtrack from
Batman 89 one of the greatest I fucking
love Prince so much
I'm underwhelmed by prints in general
how do you how do you feel about Jack
Nicholson I mean I remember loving it
he's just Jack Nicholson right he's not
the Joker he's just Jack Nicholson only
every now and then he'll say something
in a goofy way every now and then but
really he's just Jack Nicholson right
right you know but I thought they
handled kind of I thought they handled
the madness in a very realistic man oh
good I found some help Oh somewhat help
oh oh oh that's not the worst thing what
else do you eat I don't know I don't
know that I'd be able to find it you
know that'll be that'll be our next goal
is finding the other thing that you eat
that's weird mash it button so you know
the the the Joker's madness in Batman
was was kind of a little more there was
a little downplay but it was there I
don't want to I don't want to use the
word subtle because it definitely was
not subtle but you know it was it was
played down and I thought it worked for
the movie and it works for Jack
Nicholson yeah it was in his wheelhouse
to play that just a gangster you know
but his the weirdness was there Joker
feels like it should have been Cesar
Romero only get him to shave off the
fucking mustache this time well you know
that they didn't have much to work from
beyond that
let me get down there I'm probably a
different way that was to get that
secret little thing I destroyed oh yeah
the Joker was a mobster that's the thing
mr. Foreman le like he would he was I
don't even like that it's it's not one
of my favorite takes on the Joker no no
oh god no III don't mean to sound like
I'm defending it yeah I'm sure that
whole movie just came to Netflix
recently I think and I've been know
that's where I'm where I wash it like
yesterday yeah I've definitely been
thinking about watching it just just to
see how bad it really was
now here we go let's do better this boat
yeah nice Oh crunching it feels by
virtue of the fact that they're not
doing fancy kung-fu yeah it feels more
brutal than like the Arkham combat does
2nd up a storm here today well that's
you do you play what you guys you guys
don't do this don't know this cuz I'm
assuming most of you don't stream but
you play much worse when you're
streaming and and talking to somebody
well you're not concentrating you're not
giving your full attention to the thing
you need to like redo everything not
everything just the water there's the
water
it's not there anymore if there was
something up there to begin with okay
Jack Palance let's write Jack Palance is
in the movie it's gonna be great in it
Jack Palance has ever been in yes made
it well well and correctly said rich
Jack Palance is wonderful you could give
him Dolly Parton's rollin nine to five
and it would be great for completely
different reasons certainly be great
to get that drummer oh that's fine
alright okay bring it I don't know I
don't know what that's in reference to
dong at Lee but yes or Don Gately if you
need four hours to tell a story don't
make a movie I know a guy I was looking
back in the chat but uh it doesn't
matter that's true a movie has a certain
time frame and it's not four hours you
have to know your medium create
something for your media even even three
hours for most movies is stretching it
to two hours
the crunchings oh god damn it nice now
you're working you need that Club oh can
you eat like Batman can you only pick
them up after a certain combo no no god
it's it's stopping to pick them up
that's the problem
well Rising Sun concert films art movies
concert films are musical performances
that you videotape captain sir that's my
name
captain sir captain sir
Gone with the Wind sucks Gone with the
Wind is boring okay what anyone says
I've never seen so I can't say there are
there are exceptions ever everyone's
mentioning stuff like Seven Samurai
which is which is three and a half hours
long and that's what we like to call
exceptions that make the rule of course
it will happen every once in a while
where a movie that is very long doesn't
feel that long because the director is
so good well Jack how do you feel about
miniseries mini-series I think I'm
perfectly acceptable
nope I don't want to shoot hi rich don't
suck this time
no not exceptions that break the rule
because that would mean that there's
enough exceptions where the rule doesn't
apply exceptions that make the rule
means that the rule still applies in
most cases but there are a few moments
that are shining examples of the rule
not work there exceptions that make the
rule so the rule is about two hours but
you know you can point to ones that are
three hours that don't feel like drop
exceptions that make fanciest thing I
have ever seen Mad Max dude oh you got a
whole fury thing happen yeah instead is
that a combo banger
can you point to one of those that are
one and a half hours but feel like four
pixels pixels feels like hip-hop the jaw
the jaw and they will they don't know
whether the jar is is 20 minutes long
that feels like two days Jedi I
apologize for this non-performance
Herbers vermin wants us to talk about
Coen Brothers movies what's your
favorite Coen Brothers movie yeah I
would have seen that many of them really
yeah oh man names names start naming
them so you know Fargo Fargo that okay
there's that there's um old brother
we're out haven't seen the bow you
haven't seen that haven't seen it okay
there's the classics there's a Barton
Fink haven't seen it the Heather's
Miller's Crossing haven't seen it I
think I saw part of it when I was a lot
younger though oh um there's there's
just too many hold on they did
were they holding the mouse key they
were the big lebowski haven't seen it do
it really yep they know that's when I
should know no country for old men
haven't seen it really yep easy blood
simple that was a very first movie no
okay
well then there's there's just a whole
bunch that you need to see I'm trying to
oh oh Raising Arizona I love it
yep the hudsucker proxy I don't remember
much about it I know I love Raising
Arizona though Wow there you go that's a
good one the hudsucker proxy is right up
there with one of my favorite Coen
Brothers fucking love the hudsucker
proxy my two favorite are Barton Fink
and and the hudsucker proxy those are
those are my two things you know for the
kids yeah
fucking beautiful brilliant movie and
and Barton finger it's the most
wonderful simple story about it's one of
my favorite Hollywood movies as well you
know it's about this like super artistic
playwright that gets seduced to
Hollywood to write a arrested a movie
for the for the big studios we want you
to write a wrestling movie and he's
struggling with his art versus him
getting paid and it's weird and trippy
and John Turturro is wonderful in it
just everyone's great
everything's great about the other half
I actually I never saw the True Grit
remake I never saw their true beauty and
of course no country for old mug is
fantastic it's the one with the other
one the Clint Eastwood right way tell me
guys Oh what I'm thinking of a Clint
Eastwood where he's the older guy and
Grandpa mites the game the gang grand -
yeah yeah fuck fuck you I know that's
all right
that's I'm sorry I'm sorry for for uh
for laughing at that no okay I never saw
bad I never saw True Grit remake I never
saw true Gruber
this is the True Grit remake yeah I mean
I like wasn't that was fine Jeff Bridges
said Bridges that's right who's good in
everything
who's good in everything has he ever
been bad and anything even a bad movie I
didn't see that
RIPD okay you know what I'm just gonna
have insane it but I'm just gonna say
he's probably very good that's what he
does he he elevates material that is a
bold statement rich that is a bold bold
statement he made Tron good yeah he sure
did
oh good iron man he's fine in it he's
finding it isn't that his best
performance but he's still not batting
it I mean he's in it the movie for five
minutes
but as Obadiah Stane he's a feyza fine
Obadiah Stane all right I fucked that
bass up like it left and right it took
you a while but you did it so now what
do you what do you get because the gate
bassist thought you got all the
resources yeah and now I didn't get much
like what do you earn for fucking up the
bass I think there's gonna be less
enemies spawning me in the world Oh
danger level goes down or something
weird okay I'm just doing them because I
like beating things up yeah that's fine
oh they're a scrap in the bass but
they're scrap you can find not in bases
to her so the song at lea has found the
exception that makes your rule reg yeah
the the one movie that I'm sure Jeff
Bridges does not elevate okay the giver
is in it it's it's that movie based off
of the book that's supposed to be
terrible and did you ever read The Giver
no it's that's like the givers like a
standard like hi mandatory high school
reading none of those books and it is
it's a pretty good book it's a fun book
you know it's a teen novel mm-hmm but
it's a very fun book and it's it's
something the most fun thing about it
I'm gonna give some spoilers now for the
giver if no one has read oh my god I'm
about to spoil the fuck out of the giver
there's one fantastic reason why the
giver could never be a movie because it
has a big twist in the in the beginning
of the book you start reading it and
it's about this boy who kind of
different and funny right yeah and he
lives into this perfect idealistic
community and after everyone graduates
from school they all get a job
assignment at this big job assignment
assembled right but this boy he feels a
little weird and different and he does
not get a job at the job assignment
assembly and everyone's really freaked
out about that until at the very end
they say you're going to be the giver
you're the new Giver
and the kids like what the fuck right
but it was a there's one reason why the
giver can never be a move is because the
boy starts describing the stuff that he
sees that her beer it's like I noticed
this the other day I was looking at this
tree and it looked different and then
and then I was looking at this girl and
looked different and then he see he's
having lessons on being the giver and
they tell him that
oh you're seeing color
because apparently everyone has to take
okay that suppresses their emotions and
their seeing in color because that makes
outbursts
is wonderful give in the book
storm started oh Jesus random location
could be wrong
what
crazy storm this is a crazy story
this is oh this is apparently is a full
volume so it's our everybody storms
happened
and here the spoilers over the storm
then I'll spoil louder
Why What so in any case you know that's
that's one of those fun moments in the
book while you're reading because of
course yeah it's a book we didn't know
he didn't see color it's fun that you
can't make a movie out of that because
what are you gonna do make the first
movie but you know part of the movie
black and white which they probably did
sure but then that gives away that
everybody sees in black and white and
that makes it less of a fun surprise
right we don't it could just be a movie
that's in black and white you don't
necessarily know that's what people are
seeing yeah but it's a modern movie
uh-huh so why is it in black and white
why is the first part of the color
though that wasn't a vaz in black and
white
I guess I wasn't there so why was
Schindler's List in black and white
where there is still black and white
when you lose one was the vodka I'm
gonna assume yes but I don't I think
that was a big thing with Rosa Parks
sure Schindler's List Jack Schindler's
List I don't know arthouse the fuck okay
our house why get what assume our house
fuck people wouldn't know because the
givers is one of those
her name's I've never heard of the giver
I wouldn't know why have you heard of
the giver I read the book it's a great
place a great book you should read the
book
Oh
something flew in the store music
I'm really good at cliffnotes no I'm not
very good ones
the giver is a shit movie I'm sure the
giver is a shit movie
I'm 100% sure that the givers are shit
it looked like a ship fine book
fine whatever team box
oh he's blown around in the storm that's
kind of great doing West sucker oh you
want me to spoil The Catcher in the Rye
Holden Caufield here the dream
represents loss of innocence and Holden
is struggling with this concept of
losing one citizens even always not
particularly innocent himself yeah he's
kind of a hypocrite really but he
acknowledges that he's a hypocrite which
makes him kind of more doesn't he
doesn't like slutty women while at the
same time he's looking to get laid
he's a hypocrite yeah but that's part of
the duality of adulthood in real life
and really isn't that what the book is
about is the confronting real life yes
yes over fantasies the fantasies of
childhood so done we spoil the Catcher
in the Rye for
we bums around and he mopes that's best
like the spoiler filled notes
Moebius
