Crypt of the Necrodancer is a good game
January 14, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8-TZYtK4VJU

oh my god my my dogs all fell off my
jingle there we go your dingle-dangle
ready go Bongo
okay now you knock your Neely on the
thing I got an idea off of my thing they
told me I needed more training so check
well I told they're watching this great
me too I don't know how you're not
watching it you're living in stranger
still happen I see someone just saying
left hand notes down
closest eating is the drum my blood is
running cold I'm not sure it's gonna be
super good came here with a question
like
haze anyone s not sir
music necromancerr I'm a fan of their
it's actually grown on me since the
review yeah yeah I started playing
hardcore mode and I love hardcore mode
what no too loud sorry don't try the
daily challenge we can't hear it him
thing it's too loud
oh sorry guys rich took over the
computer ok how is that Chet we're gonna
so I'm gonna have to turn down in-game I
think so
also like it I can hear through your
headphones this was very long that I can
hear which might be going yeah you might
be going deaf I usually don't listen to
this and headphones usually have my
speakers on and there's a knob yeah on
the speakers
so whatever it's said - I have no idea
okay
we're options yeah
all right I'm gonna continue this and
you can guys tell me if we're good to go
turn it up a little bit yes for crying
out loud just a little like a hair just
like a hair dr. J it's too late to say
it's fine now we're already fucking with
I didn't touch yet if it's fine now it's
fine okay we haven't touched it in a
while how do we feel about this I'm
waiting for a mod to tell me by the way
it sounds a little bit important yeah
let this game I mean it very important
like now they can barely hear again so
now turn it up and over
I know ya gotta get it just right I get
it just right and we did our sound check
with my school now now are we good to go
I'm sorry master twig I stopped playing
funky is necrodancer that sound good
okay I hear it sound good from ball all
right
and that guy's radical radical here we
go all right so jump right into the
daily challenge the daily challenge is
there every every day there's one one
level it's the same for everybody who
plays it right you only get one chance
to play it right and you get ranked
compared to everybody else
fucking we're going right into it so
rich are you like physically incapable
of moving out of beat with the music
yes okay actually there's some special
items that let you do it
but those it's when you get those items
it usually just throws you off and I
avoid it and so then if you try to move
but you don't
right there's nothing too exciting in
the shop but money is always moving what
I'm gonna focus on gaming yes Jack it
would take chance we're taking a chance
we're not words a month
I'm in the groove now I can't stop no
that's not that's not gonna happen can't
stop won't stop can't stop for the beat
just like taste away
welcome to the Taylor Swift twitch
stream boys the lyrics and that shake it
off song can't stop groovin I think
that's okay it's like I'm moving it's
like there's music it's like there's me
in my mind saying it's gonna be alright
and the haters gonna hate hate hate but
definitely stout though
oh this isn't spunky you're right I need
something to stream thank you did you
say spunky and necrodancer yeah but but
right now it says we're still playing
boy oh boy
is there a Taylor Swift video game oh my
god is there a Taylor Swift video game
chat some piece of shit fan made thing
that exists in the dark corners of the
internet somewhere either find it or
make it I want to play to shake it off
a clockwork Stalin says hey J where is
my shirt you hack did you order one
that's the good the first question if
you did and you haven't received one
send an email to contact it red letter
media or go fuck yourself you could do
that in addition to sending any of it
nah not everybody gets what they want
one even if they pay for it it's paid
for it
don't you know lessons of life no but
yeah if you if you ordered one and it
hasn't arrived send us an email
preferably with I'm not doing good maybe
I should have warmed up I used a figure
soon
oh and for I see there's someone asking
if I really like Taylor Swift or if I'm
being ironic about my face it's okay
Jack white is Taylor Swift I
legitimately enjoy shake it off as a
song I hate the lyrics they're
completely stupid it's catchy song yeah
lyrics are insanely dumb yeah ionically
super enjoy a girl led pub music hey
sway Katy Perry Ke$ha on ironically love
cash it a talk about dumb lyrics Ke$ha
is the worst she be worse I think he
just means worst I do mean worst I
really all right things are looking good
because I like you know that kind of
dumb sleazy I also there can't be good
at romantic comedy don't watch this I
don't really watch the good ones either
but I've seen but when hearing this
alley is just a good movie yeah brush my
teeth with Jack that's the same time
where she says like she won't dance with
dudes unless they look like mick jagger
which doesn't make any sense cuz Mick
Jagger looks like a court yes she just
needed something that run a swagger a
subscriber and I can't see who it is I
see it as Jack love's call of duty thank
you for subscribing now listen if you
want to spend that money on a joke
oh my god why Lord what happened
oh I fought a nice dragon and some
monkeys and a whole bunch of things and
it went very well for me congratulations
Anders that was pretty sick you're
watching yes gonna be getting down to
this sick beat also that's a that's a
little a line that Caitlin Swift wrote
and put the song
can we talk about like how weird that
rap section is oh god it's embarrassing
she does write her own song right I know
she used to because every song was just
about of ways I mean to it a bit I don't
know if she still does or just too big
for that
that song is this the worst things and
the music is incredibly catchy yes if
that was the person Oh helmet or shovel
helmet I think sometimes get you into
trouble how it gets into trouble and if
you come across the defense helmet
you're gonna ditch it right away yeah
oh I don't want those people so I gotta
better Bruce okay Jay can I please ask
you for a movie suggestion I've watched
zapped things and blood check I guess
I'm here looking for bad movie
suggestions
what check wow there's wrote or mmm if
you have the Z notes or if that's what
you're asking for is like good bad
movies wrote or Miami connection well
let's assume the stuff you know cuz that
things in blood
no that was unhappy things was unhappy
we did yeah but that is definitely one
if you have ever terror in Beverly Hills
yeah all right
if you if you've not seen the
basket-case films I would recommend
those I like those a lot
my rank is 85th 80 it must be a recent
daily channel what's just one up the
this might be like it might have been
livin up to like an hour so you know all
those the challenge yeah it might have
just recently refreshes why I'm still
relatively high well I don't know what
kinda numbers are usually good well 85
seems too high was what I'm saying I
should be lower than 85 oh I get like
rain that's the rank for everybody Bryan
oh yeah two hours 22 hours till the next
one B one B what B is the best thing I
have I have the contact information for
the director now I'm scared I'm scared
to email
what if he does give you permission to
make a movie that I'm making love me oh
look at this planet for next winter we
had a film acknowledging
so are you planning on Nate trying to
that's the same thing as far as I'm
concerned I think I want to make cuz I
can they can picture it order this make
like this completely surreal movie about
a family getting together for Christmas
and then being attacked by a samurai
ghost I can pick and then knocks I'm
like not make it funny like I would take
it seriously thank you for playing space
cop can you me that what I'm when I'm
not a gameplay sorry it's all on me
that's all on me pennies of thanks god
damn it and I'm necromancing Meg thank
you for playing space cop thank you for
playing space cop is their name yeah
that makes no sense at all someday will
yeah when we actually really spaced out
like this
game
yes and when J remakes plug P which
Evans will play the DOS the same no no I
I remake blood beat none of the red
letter media regulars will be in it
that's probably will this be an entirely
separate J project then probably yeah
because I think I'm the only one that
would care okay actually I want to shoot
it at where we shot on doctor the dead
stuff that farm yeah that's like the
perfect location that is the perfect
okay everything's coming up millhouse I
just have to work up the nerve to email
the director okay we will discuss this
any plans for a space video you never
know here's what I can tell you we don't
think
how many more years until space cop gets
released tomorrow
it's getting released oh my god you
weren't coming hello it's go oh I wasn't
do the export won't be ready in time
we're just uploading it to YouTube yeah
but it said it's gonna take 30 hours to
export Oh No
so not tomorrow but the day after
tomorrow it'll be up yeah you know we
have made some significant milestones on
space cob lately oh yeah yeah this is
space cop week nothing but space cop
we're working on this week oh my god
possession possession is the best thing
that's the best movie ever
what is it it's from 1981 it's I've
heard about it for years now but I've
never I just finally saw it the other
day and they flipped out on on Twitter
about it because it's the most it's the
best movie ever made
okay it's one of my favorite movies no
but I've only watched it once but I want
to watch it again
all right it's for 1981 star Sam Neill
of losing Jurassic Park which I please
the lead guy in it what's his name in
Jurassic Park
Alan great Alan Grant yeah it's it's him
and Isabelle Adjani
who people might know from his chart are
more specifically from the Ishtar
trailer yes but it takes place right
around here over the wall but literally
they look in one of the main locations
for the movies they're out on the
balcony
but it's just about this integration of
this marriage I like to the point where
this is this couple with Samuel
invisible Oh Johnny he wears it every
commerce attempt they have to have a
conversation just devolves into them
screaming at each other okay like like
just violently screaming in a way that
would only happen with someone that you
once loved it's so great
like the first scene of the movie is
them mid argument like he's uh he works
for the government is like you know the
height of the Cold War and he's just
coming coming from wherever he's been
he's been away for a while and his cab
pulls off Isabella Johnny's outside and
he gets out of the cab he walks up to
her and they continue to have an
argument that they must have started
before the movie happened like over the
phone so it starts with that and some
screaming at each other and they have a
son and it gets a real that she has seen
somebody else
it's just scene after scene of them
screaming at each other trying to
reconcile screaming some more and as it
goes along
you start to like it gets more and more
like violent not physically violent
they're just like they're so little to
each other and then after a while it
starts to kind of feel like maybe
there's something more going on with
these people maybe there's something
yeah and the ribs I don't get too much
away there's the seam I guess this is
kind of the most famous scene in the
movie isabelle adjani should win every
award ever for acting in this movie okay
she should win the Academy Award this
year for Best Actress for a movie she
made in 1981 and win it every year
there's a scene where she's in a subway
tunnel and she's trying to basically
exercise all this this evil and this
frustration and hatred he has for her
husband and she's flailing around the
subway and just like screaming and like
like contorting your body and just
flipping out and getting too much into
it she basically creates this physical
entity that started as her trying to
exorcise all of this this is bad mojo
they share on the ground I'm like Puss
starts coming out of her ears and like
blood starts coming out from between her
legs and all this puss and stuff forms a
new life and then it gets darker and
weirder from there it is the best movie
it's the best thing ever
and it's so beautifully shot like if the
whole movie seems to be wide-angle
lenses that's a really wide shot
and it's just like constantly sweeping
around everybody is it isn't gorgeous
it's so great
I'm obsessed with it now I see some
there's blu-ray got as a commentary it's
all it's so fucking good
yeah it's hard to track down like it's
out of printers of DVD release years ago
that's out of brown we were inside a
friend I found out there's a company
called mondo vision which I never heard
of that they may be limited well there's
mondo t's poster prints I don't think
that's where ladies and mondo vision
could be right they may be a neighbor
I'm not familiar with him but maybe
they've released over stuff but the
blu-ray possession is great it's always
like out of stock on Amazon because it
was like a limited run but I must have
been there at the right time got a copy
did you did you think about this only
because no no I didn't even make the
connection till someone because I was
posting on Toyota that is gonna watch it
somebody else mention is like oh yeah
she's in this stuff it's completely a
million but yeah her I was talking about
the girl from starry eyes earlier the
same thing which is the performance is
just fearless
that's well someone posted a link to
like an interview she was saying that
some abuse or whoever were the producer
was that related yeah because like she
was known for being
some producer had a beautiful
wait the movie was intentionally
obtained that's what the rumors really
is that a producer was having a beef
with Warren Beatty so yeah Angelia did
not do a good job advertisement okay it
all comes back to history
there's kind of three currently but when
it's done there will be four jerk people
are saying to turn down the beam Audio
we could just talk hopefully could hear
me talk about possession the best movie
ever
checking now
Apple are up in here
is it better than psycho - that's a
random move a really funny
somebody just might be looking for a
segue it's an awkward clumsy segue they
want to hear about psycho - psycho - is
pretty good I like psycho do I like
psycho 3 as well
there we go it's the audio fixed I mean
you can hear us we're we're a little
lower Jay and I are a little farther
away from our microphones that rich was
britches I can fix setting it so we can
just move closer to our microphones I
also turned us up a little bit because I
have no power to do so that's amazing oh
my god I had to I had to use this for
for the shoot I did last weekend yeah
for some quick audio stuff and just like
having bad yeah yeah we might have to
get one of those aged six zoom h6 highly
recommended audio is good now thank you
John wonderful get out here
Jay sweet voice is so loud welcome I
don't care
Oh what oh they're all hearing me
screamin of the mic now fun mean hurting
other people's ears to you absolutely
oh I'll get him on that case my idea of
fun is annoying people and it's out it
seems to always be changing depending on
the game year plan are you secretly the
most hateful person I'm not hateful just
scream that are honest I did that for my
own amusement it wasn't out of hatred
Hank Lee that's evil one ain't wanting
to bug people isn't the same as being
evil it can be either I don't do it to
be evil difference between evil and more
ribbing yes evil and mirth are different
things is mirth the right word it might
be martha's light causing trouble oh
okay right no birth is like laughter fun
birth sudden like merriment and maybe
I'm thinking of a different word you
know what I wouldn't be completely wrong
I'm a there may be a different word I'm
trying to think of and I'm mistaking it
for mirth at the moment is amusement
especially as expressed in laughter okay
so I'm doing it for my view I am right
and you are wrong
well I'm definitely doing it for mirth
on my in member because it amuses me
annoy people happy ok well I might be
thinking about every word and I don't
know what word I'm I'm thinking of oh
well whatever
anyway Isabelle Adjani in possession
yeah
so fucking good you you know what I was
on the fence because I just thought it
might be like a drama and no it's about
I mean it's not really a horror movie
the horror elements are more
metaphorical but it is like the best
kind that like I love for movies were
they're more character dramas that have
horror elements to them like you know
something like The Exorcist and that's
definitely this plus it's got an awesome
creature in it oh it's so good yeah yeah
you start like being invested in these
characters and then the horror works its
way in right right a good recent movie
that's a positive example that is the
babadook from Australia I don't have you
heard of that one no no it's a dumb time
I'm not dumb it's a weird title but
that's the name of the creature in the
movie but that's it's very much it's the
relationship between this woman and her
her small child it's the most annoying
child I've ever seen in a movie and I
mean that in a good way because it feels
like a real child it's not a movie child
okay so the babadook it's Australian
I think it's Australian I know it well
it's like it's like the character the
the creature of the babadook is like a
like a children's storybook character so
that's why it's called that like the
book like the boogeyman
when you say the boogeyman it sounds
silly it could be a cultural thing
we hope people heard of that you go over
things great yeah it's it was a bigger
independent horror movie from this last
year oh I'm a fucking dragon yes this
game is is the taste like actually your
character kind of looks like this way of
it
not long enough legs taste away has the
longest fucking legs they go up to her
chin
Gobbo goof right that's exactly what
like Buffett is gavabutu paul blart mall
blah to say gibberish no my Canada that
we did a second take cuz I just sent
that off the cuff Mike started laughing
we did a second take but Mikey's the
first one where you can hear him like
yeah yeah we were laughing a lot we just
that was the point where we just started
making up movie is that ravine remade
really yeah no we're great screen we're
just on the cycle huh interesting
after you watch it I think we talked
about doing a whole episode where were
green screens onto the set just to see
if anyone would comment on it we've
never done it though
I agree the fuck use in our video was
funny yeah I watch that on YouTube oh
fuck you January video and I had to
explain to her she's not a movie person
okay so I had to explain to her what fun
huge the January's the dumping ground
yep
and she's like okay I was like that's
the appropriate response absolutely I
did learn though I saw some people
commenting that apparently in other
countries January is actually the year
or the month that other countries get a
lot of the big like American Oscar bait
movies like the movies that come out in
like November December they don't get
them till January
so the fuck you January doesn't
translate to other countries apparently
yeah I thought that was interesting
so they because in order to be in order
to be eligible for an Oscar you only
have to be in certain theaters for us
it's a it's a u.s. thing yeah oh no but
there are restrictions like if you're
busy
oh okay sure you have to be released in
like only one theater for a week how is
that all it takes that's all things I
don't really pay much attention it's a
very strange rule and it's okay very
specific huh and so perhaps they don't
release it worldwide so they don't need
to pay for the publicity yet but
anything if they win an Oscar that's
free publicity well the Oscars don't
happen till well after January though
that's just the cut out there they're
just that was the Golden Globes it just
happened it doesn't matter who cares he
were tweeting at us like what do you
think about boy and winning the Golden
Globes is like I don't care it doesn't
make any difference to be what wins what
award unless it's Isabelle Adjani won't
even Best Actress
that means it's officially the best
movie ever made yeah it is the best
movie ever made
okay please keep playing this I hope
that's the same person that subscribe
last time has stopped playing that would
be great trying to them sarcastic that
wasn't that was if they're not directly
making fun of us oh I can see you know
you don't know if they paid five dollars
just to be sarcastic stop playing this
game last night
sure they would that wasn't sarcastic oh
I think they genuinely wanted you to
stop playing all right like and you know
there are the people who are just like
you know jack is a doofus
thank you for sitting that's generally
genuinely making fun of us and said like
I'm okay with I would be okay spending
five dollars okay so that makes sense
here the sarcasm would be hard to heart
that's a reward oh we had a fella -
Jessa mater thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it it doesn't
sound all the time you alert
why is that I thought I heard mine I
don't know is the real answer
just turn this on are their mechanics
related to the music oh yes there are so
what happens in this game is if you
should right now there's a disco dance
boy
so if rich moves and attacks in meat to
the music you see that little heart
pumping on the bottom the disco dance
floor keeps going on and it adds to his
coin multiplier every time it kills an
enemy it's a coin so here is the
sensitive to keep in the rhythm so we
can get more money and then you can use
that money in the shops to buy that
weapons buy health upgrades plus you can
only move in feet like keeping up
everything is just a for each other
but oh yeah so the the rhythm attack
mechanic is kind of fun fundamentals of
the game also thanks for coming it's
great it's a great game we love it
yeah rich knows he can bomb the shop
wall he's just exploring settle down oh
they certainly need anything they have
in that shop no yeah also he doesn't
needs about the show hold on to my arms
for a rainy day
yeah I don't need the oh you had a trend
you get a transmogrifies now and
whatever they call that those are handy
yeah yeah
did I say music I like music the moves
our house listen to the music is so good
guys we have a subscriber do we have a
subscriber whiskey Ranger thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
also I am will be doing the rest of the
stream and that's twice what sorry
already got the blood whip yeah you like
that blood way yeah your fan of the whip
I don't like the whip I don't understand
it's got reach
so this is our favorite part of the game
is how the shopkeeper sings along with
the songs it's adorable
solid baked I know that's part of the
bingo so I'm not going to answer that
there's a counter if I answer it I
didn't see what it was okay oh is this
looking at the question I didn't know if
it was specifically you had to oh yeah
oh I see that's okay
Wisconsin's okay yeah actually I know
Milwaukee's okay I'm not even gonna say
the rest of the state because there's
nothing there the rest of the state's
fine if you like pastures and and dirt
roads Oh Mabel Mabel says I have now
unsubbed
I suggest you listen to your subscribers
when they ask you to slow the chatter
said it's a sub zone it helps oh well
when our lesson has been suitably
learned
I'm sorry Mabel me like you know what
probably because it wasn't in subscribe
I apologize if you feel like you have to
subscribe though that's that's your
choice what was the problem because it's
not in sub only mode I I'm not seeing
everybody's comment oh oh you don't see
everyone's comments regardless we're
chatting here we're playing the game
we'll keep an eye on the kid yeah you
know what you owe me a dog it's here yes
you choice do it to do buddy
Oh
transmogrified oh yeah what one five
defense sixty bucks
that's beautiful I am too nice from the
internet it's true I'm just a reason is
there an option to put the chat in fast
mode can we do that kicked out unless
you type something oh yeah I've seen a
couple of people ask about whiplash I
have not seen whiplash it's a movie
about drumming JK Simmons is supposed to
be really great in it I haven't seen it
yet he's like a really intense teacher
yeah yeah I haven't seen it I'd like
make a Simmons he's good
saved saved by the cheese
since becoming a big issue now about the
speed of the chat you know why you can't
please everybody but in slow mode people
will be upset you keep it in normal mode
some other people will be upset you just
got to go with your heart
go with your heart yeah we we trust our
moderators if they feel like be cool
about fire safety also be cool did you
guys see so don't be a dick rule go with
your heart
what does your heart tell you I'm
quoting a movie and I don't even know
what movie I'm quoting that sounds it's
somebody that has like British accent I
think what does your heart tell what am
i what is that it's Hugh Grant no it's a
lady shit the white boys under the sea
but no it's really bad I'm sure this
shit what movies I can I can picture
don't you hate that like I can see it in
my brain it's not too tannic
I don't know what you're talking about
Kate Beckinsale Cate Blanchett in Lord
of the Rings maybe I don't know it's
paul blart mall blog that was one of the
funniest fucking things i've ever heard
oh fuck Phantom Menace there right
that's me
that's Anakin's mom he Phantom Menace I
just coated a line from Star Wars
Episode one The Phantom Menace Jesus and
I couldn't remember what it was it's
like poetry it's just in my brain it's
just back there somewhere waiting to
come out at times like this holy cow
that's nuts I'm sure it isn't a bunch of
movies but specifically I was
envisioning Star Wars Episode one The
Phantom Menace user2
why is there a coaster on top of another
coaster that's a good question this is
unacceptable that's all right
Jiri like what you're just trying to get
weirder with everyone for the record I
just spilled my drink on the keyboard
because there was a coaster sitting on
top of another coaster precariously
hopefully it might still be okay it's
probably get sticky yeah
sorry calm I made winged boots yeah over
the extra damage boost that drop
whatever older coaster
was it a roller coaster wow I get um
that's okay I don't know what Jess
inator says Jack I'm serious
I want to give you a cinema display I
don't need it
what do you mean insisted on this play
well I don't think stuff what do you
want I'll take stuff is it a projector
decimator send me a message dog do
what's in your heart what does your
heart tell you I wish I could imitate
screen I would be saying that all the
time if I could do her accent perfectly
her name is Smee Smee Smee she be no
Jimmy accent was different
no that's me that's true I'll think
stuff that's my to take stuff that's my
that's my general rule in life is I'll
take stuff
since jack doesn't know it well you just
say cinema this way that could mean a
lot of things it's free they're saying
she know she vis what came out is what
George Lucas had always pictured
Palpatine's first name be they just that
he just made up for no reason recently
um I guess his name would have been
she's thanks George
no one's telling me what a cinema
displays it is it a TV or a computer
monitor your monitor I'll take it
mine's a piece of shit yeah these are
all things I'm just trying to be nice
and came back oh my god we'll take it
what do you want what do you want to
give us cuz we'll take me or not I don't
know is it too big to ship then don't
then don't worry about it I'm assuming
if it's some sort of monitor it's
probably expensive to ship and you might
not want to do that
we were good here but we appreciate it
if it either like if it was like a game
or something we take oh that reminds me
I mentioned this on your stream the
other day I have a stack of DVDs that I
want to get rid of so if you want you
need giveaway items it's more
complicated than games because you have
to physically mail them by I got a stack
of stuff it's things that I've either
upgraded to blu-ray or someone got me as
a gift and I already had it okay whole
bunch of stuff it'll be my old DVDs
there's some good ones in there it's
like is stacking up and I was like
eventually I'll sell these but it's like
they're worthless now DVDs for worthless
so it's not even worth the effort to
sell them I'll get like 10 bugs
great awesome and everything that's
great and yeah Jess inator just email me
the money
yeah oh yeah no most of Jays DVDs are
porn you're right it's the tasteful
stuff you know there's a little story
going on that's the thing it's not just
it's not just flapping skin it's also
called here at Iike erotica
that sounds like a country in Africa
that actually sounds like the country
someone would be in if they were in the
porn yeah I am from the planet erotica I
need to repopulate
flappin skin sluts five what's it was
some of the best of the worst movie we
watch that had the really awkward sex
scene and you described it as like too
wet turkey breasts or something two
pieces of Turkey me and our what you
said it was funny yes I am from
erogenous five of course everything
though everything is out there
these guys just not just oh that like
show me yeah oh oh this is the heavy
metal boss yeah
guys this is the heavy metal boss tip
this as far as you can get in the game
right now so we did it we got a
subscriber here we got a subscriber
freaky good thank you for subscribing
why can't you get further in the game oh
because it's not a finished game right
right so like there will be more levels
later than just haven't made why are you
playin an unfinished game
yes
yo I haven't said what even if completed
if they did not finish this game work
stopped in this game right now yeah that
would be sad and disappointing but I
would not regret the purchase and I
would probably still continue to play
every no on that you know what I think
you're right yeah this is I would not
let that deter me from trying this game
out I feel like I have already got my
money's worth hmm
actually I haven't cuz this game was
kicked into me but if I had bought it I
feel like I would have gotten my money's
worth because it's a good game nugget
I hope they finish it did we want to try
another character do what reg everything
I did someone who's nothing
Oh someone tweeted when I tweeted that
we were doing crypt of the necrodancer
someone mentioned that they might want
to see some more
speaking of early access sure let's take
a break we've been going for a couple
hours let's take a break
refresh any beverages that we have any
beverages that people might have
accidentally it only spilled a little
bit oh this place is a disaster
yeah 50 oh it's so this game is $15 and
kind of worth it it's not done
oh wait someone's saying there's a
developer in the chat oh my god thank
you for making this game yeah I'm
assuming they had someone who worked on
this game Devin chat who's the dev Ryan
Clark oh hey Ryan Widow yo Ryan what
game this game
they say Doug you got to make sure of
what game could be anything
we don't know
I think Ryan Clark Ryan Clark might be
high right yes I am the games designer
oh my god hey when is zone 4 gonna be
done that's my question for you man what
is zoned for gonna be done I love your
game we thank you we've spoken highly of
your game we want to know when it's when
some force can be done and is there pasa
a possibility of getting this game on a
mobile device I want this game on my my
phone on my phone my phone and and my
Vita my PS Vita answer our questions or
don't we're tagging the chat for
questions oh my how the tables have
turned
zone 4 is coming when we leave it early
access about 2 more months
yay that's great that's great mobile now
answer me about mobile or else if you
can't where we're asking the check
questions and the chad is telling us
that it's gonna be out tomorrow yes
it'll be out tomorrow ok a lot of people
have asked for mobile and they're
looking into other platforms as soon as
the steam launches thank you that's
great
oh yeah oh also uh Ryan when is the next
blanket review zone 4 will be released
the same day as space cop yeah is that
the plan tomorrow tomorrow or the day
after tomorrow the day after tomorrow
that's right it has to render that's
right but tomorrow I'm not gonna say
you're gonna get the blanket review you
know what is coming tomorrow I I've
decided I'm gonna start a daily vlog on
my youtube channel cuz you know I got
things to talk about so I'm gonna start
a daily vlog and it's gonna be released
the same time every day and it's just
gonna be talking about things it'll be
up on my youtube channel tomorrow and
what's your YouTube channel people
should I don't even know what is my
youtube channel I know is it I think
it's just I think it's just a barman I
never use it I haven't used it forever
so now I'm using it for a vlog a daily
vlog I see all these all these vlogs on
YouTube these people they do these
videos every day and it's always super
interesting so I've decided that I want
to get involved with this
you know you understand so now are you
gonna go full production or like just
just you know I'm keeping it real it's
just gonna be very low low tech yeah and
it's just gonna be me talking about
things so you're keeping it real is very
important it is it's very important so
so that'll be up the first one will be
up tomorrow I think that's great
everyone check out YouTube / J balmy
corn and you know that's great I think
that's great I'm super looking forward
to it no that's this will seriously be
up tomorrow rich okay that's great I
think you know what I always think that
it's important to like try new things
exactly exactly I think that's great I
know yeah keep it going until I feel
like I don't everything else to say and
that's the worst I know I can't talk
about that it's a daily vlog I'm gonna
shoot it tomorrow morning and then
upload it immediately so off-the-cuff
Ballman have my babies Ballman or bomb
in like my name vomit
oh okay I don't know it sounded like you
said ball man I was bald man have my
babies we very much appreciate that I
hope you are aware that I can't have
babies unless you mean there man I
cannot have babies cuz I'm a man unless
you're a woman and you're saying that
you know you want to have the babies oh
my god
that's great oh thank you
Ryan Clark Ryan Clark what other games
have you made is this your first game
what have you done besides this I just
want a chatot yeah I was gonna I was
ready to take a break now I just want to
talk to you because I like because I
like game dog what did you say you
wanted to play next check that doesn't
like right yeah soon let's do a little
me you you keep chatting with Ryan and I
will I'll get things set up have you
tried it Jake it
have you tried having babies you know I
haven't incredibox professor fizz Wizzle
you could be lying to me but I'll
believe you
as professor his whistle sounds like a
made-up game which I'm sure you made up
this is yeah everything that exists was
made up by somebody it's true he says
this is his 10th game and his fourth IGF
nominee game that's great
I was testing invisible ink before
launch
that's right cuz um Cliquot no clay
clear yeah clay clay I helped out with
necrodancer so I would assume that you
vents um they had somebody or you had
some hand in his awake that's great
that's great and yes you can add your
own music to crypt of the necrodancer so
if you want I haven't tried doing that
we could play to shake it off because
rich has shaken off on his computer
you've got the whole the whole taste way
we get the whole album the whole line we
can play the theme what is the theme to
air wolf I never watched air wolf
oh yeah I got it done
clay clay is great invisible ink
don't starve shank yeah mark of the
ninja what are these things you're
saying right now these are these good
games Oh games and food games all made
by the same girl I see they're an
excellent developer okay I see people to
do things but they're all great yeah
yeah they are I haven't had that much
time into jokes
we're getting we're getting invisible
rain in Brazil right
I have invisible rink you maybe you
should we can get pasta so I can turn
the games capture off and we didn't get
your drink I don't want to do I don't
you know what I want some water let's
take a break and you can get some water
take a break pause it all right I'm
gonna mute the strings
