Convoy - Honk Honk Mither Flipper (Part 2)
April 26, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QzofMHcMhWI

I don't know like I I think everybody
knows in general jack is generally
business friendly and so the end you
know but also on the content creator
side this is just how I you know this is
how I'm able to work and I would I would
like to give modders the same
opportunities I understand that but it's
sad sure sure
I guess it's you know what it's
eventually the Wild West had to be tamed
rich it's not it's not gonna be opening
free love forever it's time time time to
get out of gaming no it's still the
domain it's been more gaming has been
more and more consumer unfriendly for
like years since DLC but ha openly
gaming is becoming more and more openly
hostile to gamers I don't know about
that
where's the camp gaming used to be by
our game we love you now it's by parts
of our game because you have to that's
not that's not true
absent flows you need our permission
before you can run that that exe file of
your game
check our servers check us overs we want
to make sure your you bought the game
you lousy consumer you pirates don't
have to do that they already stole the
game
I haven't stuck to you
rich what is the most disappointing
video game of all time do you do you
really have to ask that that question
Jack Jack trigger choice the most
disappointing
yeah I think everybody who's listened to
any of any of our streams you already
know what I think the most disappointing
game of all time I'm not even gonna
bother saying cuz you know yeah if
you've ever heard us you know what the
answer is
as far as rich is concerned if you and
but what if this is their first time
listening they can figure it out a chat
will tell them this drew the chat will
total the channel absolutely tell them
the chat is the chat knows oh I oh fuck
I have to click in the firm
okay confirm
you're the only weapon I got we did not
miss the Sun I don't know if you just
tuned in but week we got that we got
that shit on lockdown now yeah yeah we
do we we have a new sub thing where we
we
thanks to leftover beefcake again you
made us a special piece of software that
keeps track of all of our subscribers
new and old okay what was more
disappointing Mass Effect 3 or The
Phantom Menace Mass Effect 3 yeah yeah
that's my honest answer that's I mean
that's a good answer
look no matter no matter what the
Phantom Menace did the original Star
Wars trilogy is still good and has a
conclusion yeah Mass Effect 3 was two
games that will always have a shitty-ass
conclusion which ruined the whole series
and ruined it ruined the trilogy when
everyone wanted to the ending of three
is so horrible it retro actively ruins
the first two games for me I can't I
can't play any of them anymore it's just
too fucking depressing
that's sad I'm sorry that this is that
depressing for you rich
oh Jesus Christ
should we try entering a code go for it
that's our passcode 5 - 3 - oh my god
well that'll learn me
that'll learn me real good we're gonna
try to find the blue are 9 9 X 8 X chip
privateer vehicles are chasing you
through desert they're attempting to
radio you fuck you next time I should
just fight him right away
you played the most that's it's hard to
answer because these things come and go
in eras there was a time when I played
nothing but thief I played that game a
lot back in the day I don't play it so
much anymore
hmm every now and then XCOM I've got a
fuck ton of hours an ex-con yeah now
I've got like a year worth of time and
XCOM I don't know what that means but
it's probably bad
yeah for me it's probably still tf2 you
know thousand hours whatever I have on
steamed now I don't never yeah Binding
of Isaac rebirth is coming close GBH
Christ richer Jack what game do you play
the most while on the can um you know
what I think you'll probably get an
answer to that in the next previously
recorded episode oddly enough you will
get an answer to that question Eileen if
we talked about that we talked about
that so like one of the things you can
upgrade to your cars is handling which
makes them move faster yeah I'd like a
look they're like the land mines oh my
god but well I listen I know you're half
you're yeah you're like what quarter
paying attention but it's like drive
around them you keep driving into them
you couldn't turn it that oh you don't
have good handling cuz I don't have a
good handle can't to be right behind
those guys what if you just move over
and stay moved over you have to be right
behind them to shoot no no I just need
to be in range but I couldn't move over
cuz this guy that guy was that okay now
I can yeah now I can kind of give the
side of them yeah they keep trying to
position
in front of me how was it compared to
that tail it's different different i
like the combat more the combat is more
interesting yeah I like this kind of mad
a lot
it's it's almost it's almost real-time
strategy ish but yeah I guess so is that
TL you know where it's a little realtime
strategy but you have that pause button
but like there's more moving parts I'm
more engaged in each battle okay then an
FTL yeah or I haven't been paying that
much attention yes there are there's new
weapons and I'll show you in the shop
like how you can have great stuff
visually it doesn't look as interesting
agreed then again you know what can you
do with a bad max setting right
everything's supposed to be desert uh
fucking right I'm just gonna die news
can't wait back there yeah
okay let's keep going then see if this
is all about
look it J's manhole says rich how do I
get out of this chickenshit outfit just
leave what outfit bill paxton the
sentiment pretty sure I'm was it aliens
no good things probably anonymous just
just late I mean this isn't a military
just yeah just blonde out your free yeah
yeah subscribe to someone else subscribe
to too much plays Pokemon join that army
join that outfit you should it's great
it's great alright I'm trying to
remember when in aliens he says that
it's been so long since I've seen aliens
and for all of the alien aliens talk we
do I really should watch aliens again it
has been so long and like i reaiiy
rewatched alien for the for the game
review but over man game over right oh
my god okay I'm giving you achievements
and everything rich oh joy right you
[Music]
okay let's see here
Richard not rich but somebody called me
Richard Oh what is the lamest movie you
have ever seen lamest lamest attack of
the clones I I contend that relative to
its budget Attack of the Clones is the
worst movie ever made
that's not the question at worst lamest
same thing attack an eclipse and see
yeah I'm looking at that from like an
embarrassment standpoint okay and here's
here's what comes to my mind right away
for real lamest movie ever made
spawn that's pretty bad
that's pretty like lame like if you look
at like the horrible CG the costumes I
mean just the plot in general
embarrassingly 90s right oh my god I
think I just entered a boss battle
oh Jesus Christ I'm gonna die I'm gonna
die like this right away
so very good nothing but dead I brought
this up earlier but somebody's ass
invited again
Grand Theft Auto 5 on PC at night by
play - yeah yeah you know since I got
that free copy for the PlayStation 4 it
doesn't seem like there's like I don't
have a pressing need for it right yeah I
don't I don't need the same game three
times because you already had it for the
ps3 yeah PlayStation 4 once it's pretty
pretty recent version of that game what
is the most embarrassing movie that you
admit you like the the Conan remake I
actually kind of like the Conan remake
oh yeah you said that before
yep okay that's fine I think that's fine
what was the question what's
embarrassing movie that you enjoy you
like have I told you about my very real
love of mr. holland's don't make me do a
spit tape while I'm holding your laptop
in my lap I mean let me take the sip
okay have I told you about my very real
love of mr. Holland's Opus smoke C as
all fuck but it gets me every time
gets me every single time so I never
seen it so oh it's it's multi and not
not oscar-worthy yes okay it is both
schmaltzy and not AA swarthy it might
have been like made for Oscar bait but
it doesn't even come close
just schmaltz okay
in general try to think of like most
embarrassing movie that you actually
enjoy no there's a lot like I know a lot
of people hated on clerks
- did you see clerks do I know you know
like a pig hey I'd like well I like
clerks I like Mallrats I've never
bothered to watch clerks - though people
tell me I should it's good it's good
it's it's it's Kevin Smith writing good
writing well you know it's it's you know
if you look at clerks and if you look at
like chasing a me if you look at Dogma
if you look at like good Kevin Smith
movies they're all kind of an analogy
for where Kevin Smith is at that time
like a personal story with a with a fun
backdrop right clerks - it was exactly
that and it's fun yep yeah it's fun
because of that and Rosario Dawson's
Creek I mean she's great general but
Rosa does it just great yeah but uh I
don't know I know that gets a lot of
general like apathy or hate corks - hi
joy
I have anything I have I don't know what
I have nothing I can add to that I don't
know we have seen embarrassing that's my
question like what is considered
embarrassing the Conan remake I mean
first of all I love Conan as as dumb as
it is I I enjoy it as just a dumb Conan
movie sure he he kills things with his
sword and he's kind of an ass I like
that he's kind of an ass yes Conan yes I
love the original Conan movies a ton is
that embarrassing because that's
probably awesome I don't think that's
embarrassing I think that's just quality
with okay great good we can still be
friends though but everyone else hates
the new commandment oh yeah apparently
except for me oh I'm gonna take the
opening where they pull out the rubber
baby and that's Conan's birth baby I
need to take a bathroom break do you
want to keep chanting or do you want to
yeah you know I don't know I know okay
Oh actually but before we take a
bathroom break we have some subscribers
to think we have the Jeong and the
Restless ex Mensa the dude in 1944
do-hickey - and sir Hilary man fats
thank you all for subscribing we very
much appreciated
we really do okay
then you're asking me how I feel about
GI Joe oh that's a movie I really like
that's an embarrassing I'll be back you
like that movie do you like that what
the fuck is wrong with you we'll talk
about work about Jackson alien if he
likes the GI Joe movie that movie is
awful oh god I I didn't I don't know if
you're asking me about the movie or the
franchise in general I i absolutely
fucking love GI Joe but I hate the
cartoon I hate the cartoon and I hate
Duke I really fucking hate Duke I went
with their original plans and killed
Duke off from the cartoon what I do like
about GI Joe are the original fucking
Larry Hammack comic books I I fuckin
love those and and snake eyes and all
that shit all that shit's all great but
that movie I can't I can't believe
anybody could like that movie it's awful
let's see what's going on here and Chad
knowing is half the battle
yep yep knowing is half the battle
Channing Tatum is an embarrassing it is
embarrassingly terrible in Jeju yes but
not as not as bad as what's-his-face
Gordon love you it Oh God who the fuck
thought he would be a good Cobra
Commander I hate that movie so much
yes Snake Eyes was awesome in the comic
books I've got I've got a ton of old
snake eyes action figures one of my
think guys might be one of my favorite
fictional characters period he would
kick Boba Fett's ass okay I'm gonna say
Snake Eyes you're gonna blow your
fucking minds and you're gonna hate me
for it
Snake Eyes could take Batman because
because snake eyes
not afraid to use lethal force you know
he'll go that extra mile
snake eyes would be Batman in a fight
I'm gonna say there I said it
it's out there unless Batman Rams him
with the fucking Batmobile this Arkham
Knights gonna have a fucking tank are
the you know I need steak what are we
gonna do the sequel Arnold have a tank
we made combat um we could remake combat
but that won't solve they like the
Arkham game so why don't we just put a
tank in Arkham Knight rich what is your
favorite Snake Eyes quote dot dot dot
you know I've played X come many many
times I've played a lot of X comma but
this one time I named all of my my
troops after GI Joe characters I did you
know like scarlet shipwreck and
roadblock and you know cuz you can XCOM
the new ex-con you can do the the real
name and the nickname and I actually
looked up like the file car some of them
some of them I remembered but the ones I
didn't remember I would look up their
name and the real name was the actual
real name they have of their file card
and then the nickname was course their
code name for Snake Eyes I just didn't
like first real name I just didn't
classified with an asterisk before and
after it okay got the characters look as
close as I could to their comic book
selves and the the XCOM character
creator I did my best
rich how many classic iron man's have
you actually completed theirs
here's the thing with XCOM the the end
of X come it gets kind of dull it's the
one the one flaw XCOM has is the endgame
you're far too overpowered and compared
to the enemy and there's been a lot of
Iron Man runs I just haven't bothered to
finish just because it's it's not worth
it to get to that last level because the
last bit in last level on ex-con just it
sucks so I've bought a lot of XCOM games
where I I kind of get past well I guess
this is more is spoiler for enemy within
but I I get past that one great mid game
mission that happens after the alien
base and I kind of start to lose
interest after that is it that the last
mission is like disappointing or just
too hard just know it's disappointing
it's not hard at all it's the baby could
be the last level oh and you're
overpowered near the end to begin with
oh oh yeah it is
so you love the GI Joe movie love is a
strong word I enjoy
I enjoyed the GI Joe I haven't seen the
sequel yet the one with Bruce Willis but
but you know the first one with Chatam
tanning and Marlon Wayans or Damon
Marlon one of them I thought I thought
it was an appropriate amount of schlock
it's it's just it's dumb but it's tight
you know like they're never they never
faff about it's all all robots or ninja
moves I thought it was nice okay okay
I'm not gonna tell you your opinion is
wrong oh I'm not saying I I hate the way
they handle all of the characters I hate
Marlon Wayans I've always hated Duke so
any any incarnation of Duke Tatum
Channing or not yeah they're Channing
Tatum which is it kind of give a father
I really don't give a fuck what way his
name goes yeah I hate any incarnation of
Duke sure sure that's why I hate Gordon
Love Hewitt is Cobra Commander that's
just the worst fucking idea I've ever
heard boiler I hate brainwashed Baroness
III have the the oversee finest of it
you know what was a military thing just
some more real world Ishmael Terry yeah
don't do cyber military from the Year
2571
like I hate the robot suits yeah
basically I hate everything about that
game sure okay movie I don't give a shit
because I'll use it who gives a fuck
you're a game I don't even care like and
I felt like I I hate the the Cobra
henchman that are just kind of over they
do they've robots over they drones I
forget you know you know comic book a
comic book over Mandor no he's a bitter
former used-car salesman who started up
a terrorist group in the Midwest but you
know they're not brainwashed they just
he just managed through his charismatic
personality sir to start up this huge
terrorist group the comic books have
Springfield like the town that's the
secret Cobra front edge
so much oh and maybe that's something
I'd never watch I never read any of the
kind of in the movie just it's just
stupid
it is it takes this great source
material and it uses it poorly the movie
is stupid but not knowing the source
material I was like I'm fine what I mean
I mean the villain is just he is a
bitter used-car salesman that's great
but if someone doesn't know that I can't
be disappointed do you want to give this
a try
no no then I'm gonna play some more
I know I know nothing about the game
because I haven't really been paying
attention well then you keep chatting
and I would just do it poorly so you
know what that's okay rich that's okay
you keep chatting then you keep chitter
chattering away favorite animated
spider-man spectacular hands down hands
fucking down watch watch that watch the
sinister six battle yeah
from spectacular spider-man you will be
sold I mean whatever the 90 spider-man
was is the one you know I grew up on so
that has a nostalgic value for me hmm
but ultimate spider-man is really fun
okay ultimate spider-man is really fun
that's the one where he does goofy
asides to the camera and animate things
like pure around said it's it's a little
more stylistic but like we we get we get
spider-man from the get-go and we get
some more shield stuff we get some some
Power Man some some nuovo we get we got
to look we get a lot of fun stuff with
ultimate spider-man but the the the
original nineties cartoon not the
original cartoon the one from the 90s
because I think spectacular was later I
hated the 90s for yeah
yeah the sign I liked it
okay have you seen spectacular letter as
a spider-man fan Jack my sees fit wait
is that's not the one where he goes to
like the different planet right
no where's the planet this is just this
is my spider-man's answer to Batman the
Animated Series as much spectacular is
not as good as that Bannister but I mean
you don't worry it's like in animated
terms it's like the definitive
spider-man
III spectacular as a spider-man fan you
owe it to yourself to at least check it
out is that Netflix I'm not sure okay I
arrived the DVD clog okay also like
here's the thing about their references
okay not too much no yeah we got the
references are getting a little much
yeah you have to look for a flux
capacitor osanic screws you'll never
find a more wretched hive of scum and
villainy yeah sure it's fine we're all
fine yeah
how are you yeah there's a boring
conversation anyway right
I don't know you know I'll look into
spectacular spider-man I will I like
ultimate spider-man I like what it does
I like like keep it new keep fresh
Richard Jack do you plan to play The
Witcher 3 you know I tried The Witcher 1
and I could not get into it I thought
the combat was horrible
yeah yeah I don't plan on it but that
doesn't mean it won't happen I know I'm
gonna happen I know to who gets a lot of
love and maybe I should just try and
power through it but I heard a lot about
the games I bought one and I cannot get
into it at all
pulse laser real gun
look at that real gun yeah oh yeah
so I haven't been paying attention it's
like everything a reference I didn't
notice the flux capacitor but not
everything is it like sonic screws yeah
I get it
not everything is referenced so far
there have only been three basically you
know self-sealing stem bolts what's
that's partly that's from something self
still I don't know that's from something
it might be check what is self-sealing
stem bolts from that sounds familiar
somebody in some science fiction series
or movie wondered sell like a bunch of
those yeah either two of the protagonist
or the protagonist we're looking to
unload them for some reason there's
something so familiar about that
everyone saying Deep Space nine okay
could be I mean like I said I didn't
watch much of it ah quark got a shipment
and couldn't get rid of him that sounds
familiar
yep well I was right about the selling
part so everything is a reference yep
sometimes it gets a little much
just saying just same convoy I said I've
thought about playing you leave
dangerous I don't have any kind of
flight stick right now though hmm hey I
need to look into that game don't you
talk about depressing stuff
look what that just that just needs to
happen I mean I can I could rehash the
whole heat death of the universe then
sure but that would just kind of be a
rehash at this point we'd be having the
exact same conversation right and we
don't need to have the exact same
conversation you can listen to it the
sun's gonna blow up in a few billion
years it's gonna turn into a red giant
it's got to engulf the the earth you
don't need to humorous rage if you don't
feel like talking about anything
depressing oh I always feel like talking
about something depressing I just want
to talk about new and different
sure-sure that make sense I mean really
the Sun turning into a red giant and
absorbing the earth melting everything I
mean that's that's kind of like the
mother lode of all the president no no
he'd done this worse all right I mean
you can you can the humanity could
potentially escape sure the expansion of
the Sun into a red giant sure uh you
can't do nothing that's should she's
gonna happen and there's gonna be
nowhere to run
you know you're all just gonna starve to
death
if if if if science manages to like jeev
immortality in our lifetimes we will
still die when the heat death universe
comes to claim us all and it will be a
slow horrible death where humanity feeds
off of itself because there's nothing
left see it's kind of forced
rich we we could escape to a parallel
reality that's that's assuming that's
possible sure yeah that might not be
possible then if it's not possible we
just have to tough it out here until
everything guys
we've already experienced the the heath
death of the universe which means
they'll never be another good Batman
Sewall slightly inappropriate but why
can't we just blow up the moon well in
theory you could but why would you want
to you'd fuck up the tides not only it
fuck up the tides but like then moon
chunks would rain down on us no yeah
that'd be terrible that would be
terrible and why would you want to what
is the moon getting in the way of
something somebody doesn't like them and
you ever see thunder the barbarian
thunder
sometimes of our burying that was like a
comet hit the earth and then the
urethanes are like a Dark Age and
everything was like Barbara again but
there were like ruins of modern cities
that sounds like I wasn't pregnant the
comment that almost destroyed the earth
like crash into the moon
and in that show the moon is like
shattered in pieces oh that's great yeah
okay I officially like it
Paige was to that
what do we think about the upcoming
Suicide Squad film the only thing I know
about the movie is one image of Jared
Leto as the Joker yeah that's all I know
I saw the cast picture like it i I know
literally nothing about the Suicide
Squad in general but here's what I will
say if it is a movie where the villains
are the main characters I'm down with
that
because the only thing interesting in
the Batman universe are the villain
what is the Suicide Squad I have
literally no idea I believe it's a group
of villains who work together to do
something and I know that Will Smith is
in the movie as something oh I think
he's Deathstroke okay this isn't about
the villains watch me a vanilla tornado
why on earth would you go out into space
oh fuck no you wouldn't no god no
relatively speaking a high percentage of
the people who go up into space come
down as Ash
[Laughter]
you know then you know how they know
what shampoo the Challenger astronauts
used they found their head and shoulders
on the beach just inappropriate not
necessarily funny enough to warrant an
appropriate is it's hysterical jack
[Music]
the chat likes much smoke Oh like that
is a prize
watch me be super surprised that the
chat likes your inappropriate joke I did
not write that that's an old joke
thank you
hey you wanted depressing everybody is
saying that's inappropriate you all
asked for depressing rich so I brought
up a NASA flight that killed an innocent
schoolteacher huh it happens it happens
it happened it happened rich
how far away the nearest camp
just stay back there
and how do you feel about the people
that volunteer for the one-way Mars
thing well apparently it's a big scam ya
know one way Mars thing in general like
it's just not gonna happen and well are
the people who volunteer a scam no no
that's the interesting part the
interesting part I know if the mission
the the attempt is yeah whatever but the
fact that people would volunteer for it
that's the interesting part ya know and
I mean I I think there are so many
people who want space travel to happen
so bad they're willing to risk their own
lives and I think I'm fine with that
I I think it's all interesting I think
it's all very interesting let it happen
I think I think all that demonstrates is
how badly people want to get out into
space hmm so that's great and make it
happen why isn't it happening already
rich did you see the Batman vs. Superman
trailer yes I did I don't really have
any comments I didn't I didn't like the
Man of Steel so I you know I'm I'm just
not hyped yeah any any Superman versus
Batman fight should just end with one
punch right
one punch or a hunk of kryptonite that's
it that's all it takes and I know I know
Batman is wearing an armored suit we've
talked about this on the chat before
there's even with fat man wearing an arm
Iron Man suit here's how the fight ends
right Superman punches Batman's helmet
Batman's brain goes flying to the front
of his skull squished into the size of a
sugar cube and then as he flies back
then his brain gets smushed to the back
of his skull once he hits the wall
behind him and Batman is dead that's how
that fight ends yes there is no world in
which Superman cannot beat Batman
unless Batman has a little green rock
and we don't think that kryptonite
exists in Man of Steel universe so
Superman wins all the time Superman is
the ruler earth now
that's it that's it
that's all right
dan is to that camp I lost my man rich
lost my fucking man I'm sorry oh I got a
new man
you're my man now they're definitely
going to introduce kryptonite and that's
just kind of a lame but MacGuffin room
Batman to have a chance isn't it I mean
really if all he can do is yeah I got
this rock yeah I mean is that is that
interesting
I don't think so the problem with the
Man of Steel was they introduced him
like destroying cities and not really
caring you need you need more than Lex
Luthor wanting to steal the diamond it's
it to be a challenge to this version of
Superman
huh I think you're right it's like you
got to go right to like doomsday or some
shit hey that's that's what you got I
mean they can do Brainiac but wouldn't
that be too much of a rehash of Zod yeah
I'm from Krypton that wants to rebirth
Krypton
we made crepes and they we're gonna
punch each other now as long as they're
gonna day that's all people care about
like either gonna punch each other sad
what's gonna happen now I mean I might
see Batman vs Superman when it comes out
just for the novelty but here I would
not say I'm hyped agree I'm more hyped
about the force awakens and for
reference I I was more excited for
guardians of the galaxy than I currently
am for Star Wars The Force awakens
because guardians of the galaxy looked
really fun yeah that's really
interesting so that's the that's the how
much rich Evans cares reference churn
hahaha guardians are top Guardians on
top for Superman vs well no force
awakens and then Batman vs. yeah I am
I'm more interested I'm not gonna use
the word excited I am more interested in
seeing what ant-man has to offer then
it's gonna feel like a lot of the other
murmur move in Star Wars Force awakens
okay because it's it's gonna feel like
all of the other Marvel movies but it's
different it's it's a it's a it's a
bigger gamble then force awakens force
awakens like we know what JJ Abrams does
we know what Star Wars does right yeah
but ant-man feels like a bigger gamble
mm-hmm clay dough one says rich how
about Jurassic world doesn't even
doesn't even rank yeah here's here's
here's here's the Jurassic Park thing
right I love the first one because you
know dinosaurs yeah and plus as a a nerd
I love the fact that Jurassic Park was
playing around with like cutting at the
time cutting-edge modern dinosaur
theories that were just kind of kind of
new and very fresh and yet it was
somewhat scientifically accurate that
movie with Legos is the first time you
saw warm blooded dinosaurs they were
slow and lumbering before then as both
an exciting movie and
a nerd who likes science I loved
Jurassic Park then the next two movies
were bad and the third movies got like
genetically engineered dinosaur that's
not like a real fucking I don't give a
shit I don't give a shit at all hmm
opinions on dinosaurs with feathers oh
god there's this book and I'm gonna have
to dig up the name of the book dead that
has like illustrations of what dinosaurs
with feathers theoretically may have
looked like it will change your mind on
dinosaurs with feathers if you think
they are length if you think they're
lame yeah oh I don't know if I know
things they're lame I think people think
yeah people in forever dinosaurs alright
people like people like angry monster
dinosaurs well you know like Godzilla
dinosaurs are fun fun there's nothing
that can be done about that I I would be
more interested in Jurassic world if
they ditch that genetically engineered
dinosaur shit and they just generated
Jurassic Park movie with the modern
theories that have the feathered
dinosaurs and whatnot sure I would be
far more interested in that than the
genetically engineered super sure that's
lame in the fake good in the fake
community yeah yeah looks kind of
weird-ass named remember what it's like
most dinosaur huh
art has them is like monsters attacking
each other yeah this just like feathered
dinosaurs doing like normal animal
things like sleeping taking taking a nap
like a Tyrannosaurus Rex taking a nap
yeah with feathers and it looks so
fascinating yeah
pick up pick up how would another
Jurassic Park movie be interesting I'm
saying another movie that emphasizes the
science would be interesting okay just I
mean because dinosaur theories and
whatnot they've come a long way since
Jurassic Park yes you got you got the
feathers and whatnot and that would be
interesting to me just just for the
science aspect I'm not I'm not the ones
elevating for any kind of new Jurassic
Park movie I mean really the first ones
enough I'm saying the only way I would
be interested is if they took the
science seriously sure
Thanks
I will take a shield
I will take the shared
go Gombrich the Oman I'm not gonna call
I really think it's gonna cover this one
I'm making a call rip rich his mate
Richards making a call yeah who are you
calling
I'm calling the fiance oh my god she
knows the name of that book ha ha ha you
also have the internet in front of you
hello Karen Webber what's up anywhere
just talking to Karen I'm sorry I'm I'm
here with Jack we're in the middle of a
stream right now just talking to Karen
right now this is live
I love here this is happening I have a
question for you because the people in
the chat would like to know a bit of
information that you have yeah yeah
we're hold on let me let me try and put
you on a speakerphone
hold on how do I do that what button do
I here we go I don't know your phone
Karen can you hear me well no that
didn't work but that's amore I have no
idea how did you the speakerphone wait
okay talked Oh
what kind of I can kind of hear you I
don't know if anybody else will do you
want my mic that actually that actually
might work like Aaron Jack says hello do
you remember that name of that book that
had like the pictures of the dinosaurs
with the feathers doing normal animal
things and not eating each other the
chat the chat wants to know what
monsters
I think I think somebody in the chat
found it but we're we're all yesterday
is all yesterday's is part of the title
right
is there more doin that
Oh relax it's fine it's fun you know I
love you you're just not being very
helpful
[Laughter]
[Music]
I'm pretty sure it was all yesterday's
yesterday we're just we're just going to
stick with that how do you want you want
to say goodbye to everybody I'm gonna
walk out the door I'm gonna say goodbye
to you properly I think I think rich is
gonna get mushy
[Laughter]
[Music]
maybe that would be safe great
she's gotta be pushy I think you say I
love you
what
Oh dine just do it I think I just did it
oh great
sigh excuse so I can do it while rich
talks Karen I can do a little game talk
I've been really enjoying this the
combat is fun I'm starting to understand
the map and the objectives it's a little
troublesome that so far both of my main
objectives involve going to point a and
then they tell me I have to go to point
B only to go back to point a so I can
only imagine that gets monotonous but
overall you know enjoying it enjoying my
forward ray into convoy
I don't know what I don't really
understand what I'm doing it I'm about
to run out of fuel though and I just
realized I'm rather run out of fuel and
I think that's a bad thing okay I'm back
alright she's back I'm about to run out
of fuel Jack do you think this is worth
the price on steam 15 yeah I haven't
decided yet
I'm just something I'm just talking
about it's the the one thing I'm a
little peeved at and of course you know
obviously we've only been playing a
polluted bling one two hours yeah so
it's hard to make a definitive thing the
thing I'm upset with as far as my main
objectives are concerned so far both the
times I've reached my main objective its
involved going to point a to main
objective mm-hmm objective tells me I
need to go to point B and then go back
to point a okay don't much care for that
that's a lot of back and forth yeah and
this map isn't terribly interesting is
the randomness or is it the same thing
all the time there's randomness every
time you go to a different hexagon it's
it's a dice roll and but like I I'm
doing very well this run I'm about to
run out of fuel so I really need oh I
don't have any money either I was tough
to sell where's the nearest camp
Richmond Jack I have to help write a
radio adaptation for a Night of the
Living Dead for my college class any
tips yeah don't suck a radio a death
radio adaption Night of the Living Dead
find some good moaners and have that
going on in the background the whole
time actually she got progressively
louder as the thing goes on like first
there's only like one or two at the door
and every now and then like the banging
book club there's more and more slowly
as the the radio program progresses and
like in the beginning make it almost in
not of
like just yes yes almost as if like it's
the wind outside also don't suck and a
lot of fuel
okay I get to battle some enemies for
fuel which is nice cuz my I've upgraded
my guys I've got shields now my god
yeah that's not very mad Maxie what
shields oh I don't know about that it's
FTL mad Mack see Luke oh okay FTL mad
max
we're gonna be it we're gonna be fine
with that jesus H Christ what's the H
stand for hella those holy Oh that
actually makes far more sense
[Music]
that's fine rich have you ever been in a
play or a musical I started cats I I
sung memories memories away we used to
be it's great it sounds great
lasted one night yeah so good they
didn't maybe more you nailed it yeah
first time out that's great that's great
congratulations I guess
rich what is your favorite beheading um
I don't remember any of the names but
there was some science minded man who
was about to be put to death in the
guillotine and after they cut his head
off they had us he had his friend pick
up the head so he could observe how many
times the beheaded man could still blink
before his brain died so like it's like
they cut his head off and then he just
still conscious had blinked as many
times as it could sure that is my
favorite beheading because you know you
may as well get some use out of it they
just tried to blink as me yeah see how
long the head would live after being
severed I like that isn't there a story
I don't know if this is a real story in
urban legend of like a wood worker who
wanted to commit suicide and so just
instead of committing suicide he built
an incredibly beautiful and ornate
guillotine really like like hand carved
his own guillotine and behead himself
that might be a urban legend I remember
hearing that story and thinking like man
that's a weirdo when I worked at the
grocery store I worked in the meat
department the butchers always like to
tell a story about something that
happened at one of the other stores in
the same company yeah but one of the
meat cutters had retired mmm I was like
not very happy with his retirement some
one day he came back in to his old jobs
to say hi to everybody but everybody was
like
it was like nobody in the back so he
walked into the back turned on the meat
saw ran his head through him why cuz he
was depressed and suicidal oh oh there
you go
I had to get rid of that equipment why
yes I would assume that would have been
my favorite beheading but I I think I
heard that the head didn't quite come
all the way off ah well you know you
know so it doesn't count
yeah meat sounds aren't good like that
yeah I'm gonna go look for those sonic
screws again
it's a great way to come back from break
I ain't cleaning up this shit I'm going
home early
yep is that a true story the way it was
presented to me was as a true story
sure they're saying he wasn't very
considerate of others not very
considerate of others is the Jackass the
pilot in the plane who decided to take a
hundred and fifty other people with him
mm-hmm and the big the big shame there
is that I don't think he's been called a
mass murderer in the press I think we
were talking about this the other day
that's uh that is an incredibly accurate
way to describe him he's got a higher
body count than most serial killers yes
I mean at that point it's more than just
a suicide you need to be remembered as a
fucking mass murderer absolutely
absolutely
and guilt
thank you for your fuel
if you're going to kill yourself how
would you do it I don't think I would
I'm not at all
suicidal huh you bastards
which would you forgive Karen if she
loved the prequels yes I would
however she is completely ambivalent
towards anything Star Wars she just does
not give a shit yeah 100%
like even about the original trilogy
never talks about Star Wars it's not a
thing in her world it's that movie she's
thought saw I'm kind of like she was
younger
oh sure sure it's just not a big part of
her life yeah I guess that's fair
it's what if what if suicide is the only
way to escape the eventual reboot death
of the universe and that's what you may
as well wait it out yeah yeah you made
it that far
yeah why would you why would you do
anything else Karen said Greedo shot
first the wedding off no because you
know I don't really care that much about
Star Wars either sir worse Star Wars is
two great movies and one good one Jedi
is mostly redeemed by like the throne
room stuff yeah the ground battle of
endor is just the worst
you know it's but then you get the space
stuff there's great and then you get the
throne or something those great some
Jedi's Redeemers two great movies one
good one and a load of crap just a load
of crap Tie Fighters a good video game
and I like like Jedi games everything
else that had that has had the Star Wars
universe with I've kind of hated it it's
like my experience with Star Wars was
when I was a kid we had a VHS copy of
the first movie yeah and I fucking loved
it right oh sure and then then I saw
Jedi because when at that age like
Empire was not easy to find on video
back then oh yeah so I actually saw Jedi
before Empire I kind of knew Empire cuz
I had like the comic books okay I kind
of knew I couldn't really I don't know
if I was that big a reader at the time
but I like the pictures yeah and so I
saw Jedi and I loved Jedi cuz I was a
kid and I loved the space battles mostly
I loved the space battles then um few
years later I saw Empire I was like oh
my god this is fucking awesome
so you know when I was younger I thought
Star Wars was was this shit of course
and then you know the earlier video
games were good Thai fighter I think was
the first Star Wars video game I played
TIE fighter awesome the giant I came so
those are great oh I'm gonna try reading
some of these novels oh oh okay there's
a lot of Jedi crap in here I don't much
care for the Jedi's cuz you know I like
science fiction I don't I don't care
much for the mystical aspects of Star
Wars I mostly like like the seedy
underworld Java stuff the space battles
and I don't care much for the wizards
and the knights and a lot of Jedi is in
this book I'm gonna try this other book
okay
I'll turn this other book okay yes it's
got bad that's kind of bad okay I'll try
another book oh it's bad too
let me try this new star wars game
that's terrible the star wars games
terrible other novels terrible - oh god
what about the comic books oh these are
bad oh this old shit and so I stopped
caring about Star Wars sure sure
that's perfectly reasonable when the
Phantom Menace was about to come out I
was like the only one who was saying you
know the Jedi's kind of suck how are
they going to make a whole series of
movies about the Jedi is interesting
when they're boring fucks mm-hmm and I
was 100% right in addition to every
other problem those movies had the
Jedi's were boring fucks yeah so I think
I think I can safely say as a universe I
don't really care for Star Wars that
much whew good movies couple good games
a lot of shit yeah and it like we've
talked about that before where it's just
like in general we all like the movies
it's like yeah the three movies yeah but
you know we're not expanded universe
folk as far as that worries is concerned
it's not it's not
I'm totally a Trekkie all encompassing
right I'm not I'm not like a super nerdy
Trekkie who's gonna like wear the
uniform and call myself commander but I
love Star Trek a lot more than I like
Star Wars so you're not gonna call
yourself commander I'm not gonna call
myself commander life and I'm not gonna
walk around in the uniform I have not
learned Klingon and I have no interests
in doing so but I'm gonna be more
interested in like news of upcoming Star
Trek things that I will have upcoming
Star Wars things sure like if they
announced a new Star Trek series I'd be
more into that than I am the force
awakens easily
I'm his family thank you that is fair
bullshit talk about the courtship of
Princess Leia right now that was the
book that made me give up entirely oh
yeah aaaghh debacle there's gotta be no
Jedi crap in here it's all gonna be
stuff with Han Solo and Leia and that's
gonna be some fun that's gonna be just
like Empire and then they crash landed
on a planet of Jedi witches and that was
the moment when I said fuck this and
that's precisely that is precisely where
I gave up on Star Wars it was halfway
through that book oh that's really funny
Jedi wishes we got some shit rich
no no no no no no you stay back it oh
you're gonna crash it's great
yeah I'm kind of into this battle system
yeah oh good I'm totally into the battle
system I don't know if I like like just
about anything else and then pro but I
want some fucking I am super into
fighting area rich how do you feel about
the next-generation Star Trek movies as
a fan of the TNG show I think the next
gen Wu B's are abominations next gen was
all about ethics and politics and
discovery and the movies are all about
Captain Picard being Action Man and
blowing up the villain of the week
[Laughter]
people love first contact I see it as
thing the near death of Star Trek hahaha
people love first contact yeah yeah just
first contact that is shocking to me now
the way you dingus nice fucking nice
of course oh damn it you fuck marks
appeal or when that mark should be a
witness of that bed-wetter media says
rich how does it feel to have every
objectively wrong opinion possible I
don't know why don't why don't you tell
me about what first contact no how does
it feel to have every objectively wrong
opinion possible about everything oh
because I don't suck star wars is cock
because I don't know because lightsaber
is how would he tell you yeah Star Wars
everything everything is everything in
general I mean it's got to be tough for
it yet to deal with that burden he does
fine
nerds
are you okay I'm fine I'm just really
enjoying the game and yes I'm like I
have I have applied those thief mods
great it's great would you say it's
great I would say it's great that's
great
which do you help Mike with any of these
Star Wars reviews well well technically
when he made the actual reviews I was
there I rewatched the movies with him
and then we I you know we I took notes
and then we discussed plot points and
whether or not things made sense I
didn't have anything to do with writing
the scripts though to be fair a lot of a
lot of the shit in those reviews is shit
we talked about and argued about you
know from the time the movies came out
so I think I think I think when Phantom
Menace came out I think I the first
thing I said was who the hell was the
protagonist yeah so I'm sure there's
some of me in there but I mean it's all
mixed into just shit I've been talking
and talked to Mike about four years oh
sure
sure sure
they didn't come
which which mods for the--for some
visual mods make it look better
big mod for thief 3 to take out the
loading zones which I really appreciate
why didn't might continue as the planket
character when you started half in the
bag because before blanket was famous I
was Flik it's in our videos and whatnots
and Mike is also on camera in half in
the bag so it would be hard for him -
that's true - yes deep link it and Mike
in scenes that involve like it talking
to Mike it made literally nothing but
sex
which talk about the Mad Max movies
they're good I don't know I don't know
what you want me to say about them my
the road warrior was classic love that
as a kid huh didn't like Mad Max the
first one as much from him because I
started off with the road warrior sure
just the the world and the stunt stuff
in that movie is just so fucking good
yes and I think I think I liked the
third one more than most people
Beyond Thunderdome yeah well you
probably do then yes because I know I
don't think most people like it at all
yeah
[Laughter]
why didn't my Collis character plankin
for the Star Trek reviews because he was
using the voice that I did for the
character conf Lincoln are stupid videos
that we made where do you guys talk
about that now and like that's I think
it's in the the the behind the scenes
stuff from guerrilla interrupted I think
we're talking is it Girl Interrupted or
is that oh it could be in the archive
the rlm archive collective that's
probably in the archive there if there
is a behind the planket whole story
thing and I want to say it's the I think
it's a archive yeah honey rlm archives
DVD and they tell the whole story of mr.
plinkus
this well we always call it blanket
arrest we misheard it right which is
part that was a little teaser no that's
part of the story I'm gonna lose my
convoy lose my convoy
[Music]
oh you made it
good everything's fine everything's fine
I gotta get to
to get to the nearest camera so what's
the blue on the red there are different
factions in the world so if you look
down here red is raiders blue is tor
vaak green is privateers and so like the
different factions are fighting over
territory on stantly which is neat but
like if you make friendly with a certain
faction then you can maybe cross land
easier I don't know the full extent to
everything or any of them friendly
factions does that happen I think you
know it's it's a lot like it's a you
know in the FTL sense you know sometimes
you you talk it's okay all repairs all
the times
prepares and fuel wha-wha-wha
sell you good bye more fuel dude rich
can you give your best Morrissey
impression honestly I can't Morris I
have no idea all right
so honestly I cannot do that please
chill man
that's my best Morrissey present oh okay
that's that's the best one I've ever
heard
that's great
I really just said they're more Ciara
not Morrissey a band he was in had a
song called this charming man and it was
a situation where I heard a cover of
that song first and really enjoyed the
cover and then I heard their version
which is this classic that people really
like and it's like I think this is
really boring and uh the cover I really
enjoyed my braids I'm a musical idiot
yeah so me too
me let's go purge the plague that sounds
great that's what I'm gonna do we got
eleven put them I got all so that we can
end it anything whatever you want as
soon as I die next which will probably
be soon I think we've talked about
everything tonight yeah yeah yeah
probably
can we please hear some info on space
cough I'm working on the last miniature
oh yeah yeah that's a big thing that's
got to be done uh-huh there's your news
and there's your news
rest of the movie bang edited yep that's
true do you guys play minecraft no no I
played it a little bit it was like free
for a weekend or something in there I
played a little bit as like yeah it
seems like a fine game I guess obviously
it's the most popular thing since crack
so this question I kind of like rich
would you kill one fly to save two flies
now you're giving me a moral dilemma
these are the important questions which
I I might just go by nature's rules
they're just letting you know first like
a first contact is a prime directive
rules should not non-interference at
that point
quite funny rich
yes moco I know I'm fat thank you for
bringing that up
you brighten my night in a way that
nobody else could have what What did he
say
you're asking if my gaining weight is
affected the filming of Satan of space
college yes oh come on you dickheads
some of them are dickheads
yes some of them are oh yeah I've
noticed that about them
I've noticed that about them after being
harassed because I just simply wasn't
interested in the last of us just just
not being interested was like a mortal
sin III wanted to give up that last room
I just I'm like fuck this I was thinking
my head I'm just thinking fuck this
uh-huh why am i bothering there is just
no winning you're not fat rich you're
just a bit chubby no I'm fat but you
know you don't need for Jana and it
wasn't you but no you don't need to
throw that my face I know right I'm well
aware but that's okay cuz you know
that's I have mirrors that's the first
are rich the first part is acceptance
that's the first part was I I went along
to when when I was a bigger guy before I
lost all the weight before I became AIDS
movie and I was just Moby that was a big
part of my of my lifestyle change was
just like calling myself a chubby guy
mmm
and there's one instance in particular I
was I was on a shoot and I was talking
with some people and I was calling
myself a chubby guy and there was a guy
it was it was a lot bigger than me and
he was like listen can you stop calling
yourself a chubby guy cuz I'm a chubby
bad and I was like no we're both we're
both big guys yeah like you're bigger
than me but I'm big and like but that
helped me like just calling myself that
like understanding what I was that I
needed to lose weight Kelly
it helped me get on the Charlet it's
just so easy to do not good right isn't
it you all got it so is it really is
picking his pain in the ass ha ha ha
that's really true if I could just buy a
thing I had all of my proper nutritional
needs I would probably do that he needs
Soylent I need to look into like what
kind of diet I need to get on and what
is the easiest way to partake in that
day
that's the information I need there is a
product out there called Soylent really
that's supposed to be all of your daily
nutrition in one drinkable thing really
yeah okay and it's all the rage in
California and I admit I will need to do
what you did where you have one day a
week yeah it doesn't dice off you could
eat what you want yeah and I think I
would be okay doing it's fantastic
Soylent Soylent okay that green nothing
not great it's important it's very
important you know what no it's not I
don't care yeah I don't care of its
people who's it gonna make me lose
weight yeah you can make it out of
people that's fine just don't tell me
about it so I lent this fucking horrible
yeah but the point is to lose weight
right oh yeah everyone says that it's
like it's like it's like drinking dirt
water can I just get like a funnel can I
just like put the funnel down my throat
yeah and then just pour the Soylent in
is that I wouldn't have to worry about
tasting it do you just so you just kind
of you can chug it drink it as you will
I'll just shove it right right now kind
of into my esophagus the funnel and then
pour the Soylent down whatever that the
daily need is measure that out yeah in
the morning funnel pour sure
I mean see what happens that's what I
say
this is it this is gonna get a death
do my dues and I don't have enough dudes
brings death rates that's fine yeah I
know
that's progress it's the inevitable part
of life it's the most important part of
life it's what makes the rest of it
worth it
I don't know if I've tried the the
Butterfield time and the Butterfield
diet is fucking amazing it's beautiful
it if you have no idea what we're
talking about just Google the
Butterfield diet and you'll be slightly
happier you will watching it will make
you slightly and then and then when
you're done with that look up Marlon
Brando acting class and your day will be
a little bit brighter still that's true
that's true
watch it was that Peters I know what
kind of what's look up his stomach it's
good stuff there's a whole bunch of good
stuff on the image oh okay you know what
we live two new subscribers smiling
strange and land Lando was taken thank
you both for subscribing
we very much appreciate it you know I'm
missing why people bring it up this
isn't Dead Rising and I'm assuming those
people tuning in so it's not a refresh
issue and dump I doubt they've had
twitch open for like you know half a
week it could be a twitch issue yeah but
I mean obviously I've up there because
I'm you know at this point in the night
I'm doubting it's a refresh thing if
people are like still don't know what
that is they haven't refreshed yet right
I'm assuming twitch is not updating in
the right cuz I've got I've got twitch
open right now and it says convoy No
honk-honk Midler flipper yeah that's the
title of the stream that I am looking at
so I know it's been changed and that's
what I thought so the problem is either
on your end if it still says Dead Rising
or it could be just twitch well I'm just
gonna search for people playing convoy
and I just looked it up on my phone and
I searched convoy
and here his convoy honk honk
motherfucker Oh actually but it does say
playing Dead Rising I'm really on my
phone so that didn't change right
apparently that didn't change right I'm
still gonna call it a twitch issue
because okay I'm sorry
oh yeah yeah it does I'm looking at
right now it says no I didn't look at I
didn't look at the fine print I just
assumed with the main title change that
everything was right you guys have been
right so anyone tuning in because we
were playing dead rising so you guys we
will run I'm Barry said you're wrong
change the title mouth so it's convoy
before we end the stream no no I'm not
going to do that yeah I'll do it
no I don't want to do that you know what
you don't you know why I don't want to
do it I'll tell you why okay you have a
fucking touchpad and I don't want to
deal with the fucking touchpad all right
all right
touch pads are great okay ready and now
it's a conference with you yeah yeah it
works great
okay now I refreshed and now it says
we're playing copy boy all right for 10
seconds or 10 seconds well you know I
gotta say yeah you know since Dead
Rising been brought up yeah I kind of
want to try no dothe room from some
scratch from starting level at some
point sure I don't know what I'm gonna
do it the negative the next day any time
you want
right you can do it anything you want
like a true no that's wrong which means
when your data streams yeah yeah nice
great I think that's great
touchpad shaving don't touch bad shape I
like my touchpad look if you like it you
like it I don't you know I don't care
what your personal preferences are I'm
just saying me yeah I can't stand them
no I love it I miss my touchpad for my
my big computer died and I'm waiting for
Apple to announce their new touchpad
because they they have a new touchpad
technology for the new laptops and so
I'm waiting for their announcement for
their standalone touchpad before buy
another one but hey everybody thank you
thank you for all coming out thank you
to all the new subscribers thank you to
all the old subscribers we really and
thank you to everyone else who just came
out to watch this play convoy which by
the way I really enjoyed convoy good I
don't accept you when you bitched about
it
I really enjoyed I really enjoyed the
battles of convoy the question is cuz we
bought it for your steam account yeah
dude I like it enough to spend another
15 oh yeah yeah so I can play it I'm
sorry you know what if there's a Steam
sale for convoy what's the price what's
the price what's the magic number if I
can get it for under 10 I'll be really
I'll be thinking about it if it gets
below 8 Souls yep $7.99 8 bucks sold
100% anywhere between 8 and 10 I'm
thinking about it hard 50 I don't know
I'm gonna say something um forward
pro-ana stream yeah like a lot of people
like rate games they give like a number
5 stars or 95 percent out of 100 and we
don't do that for it and we don't like
doing that right I think what a more
telling metric would be how much would
you pay for this game how much do you
feel is a fair price I think I'd be a
much better way to rape games this game
seven dollars that says more than a top
ten dose or nine out of 95 absolutely
like would you you know would you
pay $60 for this yep yes that's
incredibly talented like blood-borne but
you pay $60 for you yes absolutely
absolutely like blood-borne I would pay
$70 right for the you're still playing
blood-borne so it's like 15 even like 15
I'm on the fence but because I have a
like if I didn't have anything else to
play like if I was just like replaying
old stuff and stuff I I'd probably pay
50 for yeah but I've already paid 15 for
this is my problem previously reported
the previously reported paid 54 so now I
need to know if I want to buy it for my
snow way I could transfer it over that's
a shame it's not that's a shame dammit
that's okay I'm sorry it happens it
happens we know we don't even consider
it a business expense you might more
extreme it some of it in any case I well
I'll look into the steam gifts Lord
Belmont to see if I can if I didn't
click the right button apologies in any
case thank you thank thanks
