Shovel Knight- Plague Update (Part 1)
September 20, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jPxzLVukMUE

are we assuming volume but everything is
fine I'm gonna assume volume and
everything is fine everything looks fine
so this is me assuming it's all fine
okay
so we're we may or may not be streaming
we're five minutes late sorry about that
and everyone I was having some Skype
problems but here we are yeah Ritchie up
they say something to prove that we're
yes this Steve the exciting thing you've
been waiting for the exciting things so
exciting so you Brooks you don't sound
excited okay okay what's what's what's
new you're playing flag night I'm
playing pong good night the the shovel
knight' free dlc plague of shadows has
come out and if you beat the shovel
knight game you you get to play a plague
night mission and I know nothing about
it obviously I love to shovel Knight and
so I'm excited to play as plague Knight
so here's my clear save I I did start a
new game plus mode what are you are you
sure you don't want to talk about metal
gear for four hours we already talked
about metal gear for four five sir sure
I'd I'm I'm I'm pretty sure I mean we
can we can bring it out but have we a
lien Aidid enough people yet number of
people to alienate what is I mean
everybody this is I did mention this in
the challenge where I I felt we had a
pretty even-keeled discussion talking
about things we both enjoyed and didn't
enjoy about the
and I was really happy with our
conversation which basically just means
that everyone is gonna hate us we see I
worry that kind of an effort to avoid
spoilers or in part because I didn't
care enough about the story that we
didn't talk in detail enough about
specifics of what I don't like about the
story in Metal Gear other I know we
talked about oh we talked about Tony I
felt like we gave examples like we gave
specific examples of why the the story
was crazy yeah what love the gameplay
love the gameplay love the gameplay old
stoffe guy it's good stuff
there's good stuff in there all right
I'm just gonna start playing yeah it's
like in the nights like in the play in
the nights there's a yes ultimate there
is a flaming whale
there is a demon riding a unicorn both
are on fire long ago the lands are
untamed and roamed by legendary
adventurers but villainy ran rampant and
in time even the most stalwart heroes
fell in the absence of champions The
Enchantress and her order of no quarter
swept into power unbeknownst to everyone
the maniacal alchemists plague Knight
had plans of his own
he sought nothing less than to concoct a
potion of unlimited power
the bird wizard is plague Knight is
pregnant he's wearing like an old
doctors mask what are they gonna do a
thing for King Knight to draft so
fiendishly potent that nothing he
desired would be out of his week I don't
know perhaps I think as far as the
Kickstarter was concerned just one of
the stretch girls was a was one extra
mission thing yeah each night
unknowingly gods a crucial ingredient
now
collection
and must begin so he's soft mofo yes you
can hire me to narrate your life
absolutely I mean it's pretty expensive
but yeah absolutely do it that's what
4:7 job really unless you just kind of
want to like tell me what happened in
your day and like I can recap it for you
like I'm an audio diary like an audio
diary yeah we can do that okay the boss
is on his way we've got to get back to
the lab fast I don't want to get
experimented on just hold square to
charge and bomburst out of here come on
hurry up oh but I think it's teaching me
how to play the game art oh yeah oh this
is gonna be weird you throw you throw
bombs instead of having your trusty
shovel I don't have the stream up I'm
not seeing any of this right this second
no you throw a little bomb ease those
potion things yeah he throws his potion
things all right great yeah
I'm assuming he doesn't have like a Pogo
attack whoa see control entirely
differently it feels very different so
what he has is he can double jump and
then he throws bombs and if you hold the
bomb throw a button and let go you like
sprint upwards so you can get like
triple jumps and you can move really
fast
that's actually really oh my god that's
really disorientating oh and if you like
keep throwing bombs you can kind of
hover a little bit and that's neat okay
all right
when a shovel knight maker being
released right right as Mario maker
going to ruin 2d platforming uh
to replace every other too deeply what
we witnessed with Mario maker it's you
know what it's going to make a lot of
other 2d platformers really obsolete but
I don't care cuz it's great you're gonna
hear a lot of why would I ever pay for a
platformer and make one I can literally
make any level I want you know like I'm
I'm not sure I'm a hundred percent down
with the unlocking system yet you know
like the more you play the more you
unlock I would I would want you know
fuck that I'm locking shit not a good
game will you make game just just give
me everything and let me play her out
yeah but you know they want to make sure
that you're building these in levels
they can't give you ultimate power
specifically what I paid for
yeah but I think if you have ultimate
power you're gonna get bored because
you're not you know you don't have the
basics down maybe getting bored
besides the endgame however you slices
ultimate powers there just bring the
inevitable for no good reason well
they're delaying the inevitable for you
know longevity I guess what
I don't know rich give me why should I
pay for my shit hostage what'd I do to
you I gave you your sixty parts right
that's exactly how much it is by the way
it's very expensive that's just me
throwing bombs I'm just throwing bombs I
gave you your money now I get to put the
pipe there that's how this works
yeah but you know they want you to they
want you to learn they want you to make
good levels and you know because if you
make that's the whole community is like
if you don't if you only make shit
levels then no one no one's gonna play
your glory levels and no one's gonna
care you know I think I think the
quality people who are going to make
good levels will make good levels
regardless of will win what unlocks I
don't I don't think you can make people
clever just by throwing things at them
slowly I think you know I I think you
can I think you can you have to because
you have to teach people like you have
to teach people how to make good levels
simple and like me you have to make them
a want it more you know thing they
already want it that's why they bought
Mario maker yes
wanting that's that the part of the
equation that's been don't live this is
this and complete that issue no but like
it's not just about wanting the game
it's also about like wanting more
the game like oh wouldn't it be cool if
I could build you know using using this
level Center wouldn't it be cool if I
could do that and then you get that
little bit of thing I'm not saying it's
perfect I want I want it to unlock
faster I'll tell you that I think the
problem is you you're a council man as a
PC guy that's just totally unacceptable
it's like you can't use all up for no
good reason
yeah that could be I'm used to I'm used
to malarkey
you used the big baby oh yeah a with
ease now and then when you put those
away maybe you'll get some others
patronizing is what it is yeah I have
strong feelings about this day I've
noticed that about you so are we getting
you a week now that would be nice we'll
put it in the budget rich friends if you
want we could wait till October it could
also be a birthday present
this is very different this play ignite
fella is very different getting used to
him I think it's of note that even
though we're done with the review mm-hmm
I did pick up and play more of Metal
Gear oh did you yeah I didn't I'm like
like benching I could still only do like
a mission so at a time I was going back
to it Wow mm-hmm free will so
interesting oh you know and we were
talking about I know I'm gonna get I'm
just gonna say it one more time cuz it's
important to me yeah
do really well the gameplay yeah and we
can say that and and I agree with you I
think I had more problems with the
gameplay than you did yeah but I also
found the actual game part is game to be
very satisfying I think something we
were talking about the other days you
know we're talking about how many hours
I head into the game and I did look into
it and thank you everyone for pointing
out how I figure out how many hours I
have into the game and I've clocked in
about 80 hours I have not finished the
game no I have not either because I
think like to finish a game you need
like a hundred and seventy hours or
something ridiculous like that but I'm
sure if we played 100% of the game
magically we would like the story and
the tone issues right so I'm about 80
hours in I've completed all of chapter 1
if anyone has a house has played so I
don't meet II date it's a very meaty
game yes
which if you have a full time job can be
a mixed bag but I think as far as most
people are concerned that's a good thing
I I reached a point of my life about ten
years ago now where I really learned to
love five-hour games right I finished
this game in 80 hours I'm a slow gamer
after 1 for 4 days this is great I'm a
very very slow gamer and I'm comfortable
with that I like taking my time and I
like doing all the side missions and so
that's what took me so long as you know
just doing all the side missions didn't
take my time I'm slow early do like
professional reviewers getting review
copies that's crazy they only got like a
week
they're just binging on the game and how
do you how do you how do you enjoy
something if you're like force feeding
it to yourself because you have to write
a thing well but that's their job like
you know that we we do this as a
part-time job yeah and so you know we
get in the hours we can but if you earn
a living and it's like okay this week is
dedicated only to playhead look here
like that's that's fine you know there's
a reason this review is coming out a
month late everyone right
you know you would think John Keeler
going using a guy going from using a guy
with a shovel to going to using a guy
with bombs seems a bit overpowered the
only problem is the the way you move is
very weird in this and so far like this
is just the first level of the game like
this is not a level built around someone
who uses bombs this is just shovel
knights level and I don't know if that's
going to I don't know if it's the exact
same levels for the whole game but you
know like shovel knights levels were
built for a guy who bound pogos with a
shovel and now I don't have that Pogo
ability anymore and and it is noticeable
how much you miss that Pogo ability
would you want it to be the same what do
you mean would you want it to be
identical to like like shuffle light
gameplay is it good is it good or bad
that it's different it's good that it's
different but it's not necessarily
different in a way you like well the my
problem right now is that uh even though
plagued night is different the the
levels are built for shovel knight yeah
and so what I was hoping for is that are
you like see I'm not I'm not watching
the stream are you playing the same
levels are you playing his own levels I
I assumed that he had his own levels and
but right now I'm going through it's
it's the same introductory level as
shovel knight I don't have that very
first level you fight the dragon a
couple times right right so I don't know
if every other level is going to be the
same or if he has his own levels okay
okay that's curious about that as am I
so you know we'll see we'll see I'm
hoping he gets his own levels that's
that's part of the that was fully they
have Mario maker I just throw something
together
it's one of those things where you know
part of the part of the charm of shovel
knight who is how wonderful how
wonderfully the levels were you know the
levels were built for shovel knight and
they were the levels were wonderfully
crafted that's a um I'm hoping I'm
hoping that these these levels will
eventually be more you know plague
Knight centric
stepping and it's you know you're so
used to shovel my bike net is very very
different like Nate is very okay okay
okay we're getting there
we're getting that Ridge everything is
fine all the time I mean you know I
think it is I might be biased but
everything I think is fine all the time
do you think so what if you think so hmm
I think nothing is fine ever right
probably the correct answers somewhere
how many times how many times if we have
this conversation in stream things being
kind
no thank you fruit pie magician says
Jack juice do you start with different
casings for your bomb I forget but the
LOB casing is better for aerial enemies
I have different bombs but I don't think
I can use them I have a bounce casing
standard fuse I don't know what that
means first but no I think I like right
now the only thing I have it did the
bombs I have are the bombs I have I
can't change them right now I can only
assume that you know there are options
to change them up later yeah I mean I'm
usually wrong but you making you make an
ass out of you and me I'm just gonna say
something completely different
oh yeah that's it you know cuz that's
how you spell assume which by the way is
also the only reason why I know how to
spell
I had uh one of my friends that high
school kind of like a ah kind of an
asshole pompous asshole know-it-all I
was right about everything and the dad
or the friend dad okay he pulled that
one so you know what happens when you
assume right and I just like pulled out
the punch line out from under him he was
like the one the one thing at one time I
had like one over him very happy about
that cuz I never I'd never heard that
before that that phrase oh okay I
cleverly just figure it out I oh yeah
you make an ass out of you and me
congratulations
I don't quite understand these tonics
yet but okay
who black night
listen to me Madge assist I know you're
aiding him in his quest for the ultimate
potion ultimate what I haven't seen him
since he fled to join the order of no
quarter what our chemical trickery you
cared for me I know he plans to use the
potion to beguile you white me what are
you insinuating Oh someone's coming
oh it's the panicky pushover is winning
the Majesties dad's worth betraying your
allies what that's that that's Black
Knight much you know much like showing
that you face Black Knight plagues
Knight needs a voice now yeah
what where in the world did you hear
that and I know how you plan to gather
ingredients the only thing worse
a deranged alchemist is a traitor do
what you will with the order but none
threaten the Enchantress and move okay
so okay fight the fight the Black Knight
again throwing bombs that's my plan my
plan is to throw bon venom so far
working like gangbusters
they said think about super shovel
Knight or is that just a whim oh oh I
would I would assume that that is only a
that's a joke
why would you assume that's joke
super shovel Knight yeah like in the
style of a Super Nintendo Oh whores of
course that was a joke I guess you had
not heard that I had I have heard no
such rumor of super shuffle line art no
weapons allowed wait a minute let's just
pretend I don't recognize you when you
go safely on your merry way
this doesn't have to get messy oh I'm
showing up in town and all of the
villagers are running away from me
and the knight that's using the knight
who's you know who's that the front of
town isn't yeah don't show you how
creepy bird face around here again freak
oh oh oh I really can't I can't come
into town what that's that makes sense
oh yeah I'm the bad guy yeah Oh can I
jump over him nope oh no okay but a
powerful villain with a villain armory
how do they plan on keeping you out
honestly I could just bomb him yeah can
I oh my bombs don't have any effect on
him I thought I would say that's what I
was supposed to do like bomb him to
tears but probably some kind of gameplay
thing yep when I went to leave town
there's like a
hey plague night I'm still guarding your
secret entrance but I lost the key oh
and there seems to be exploding barrels
lined up all over here nice nice there's
a secret entrance to town right sure is
your key bombs yes by the way that
that's something Mikey was bombs
predictable yes oh oh and look this look
at this that's on below the city and
above me right now is a shovel Knight is
running through the town oh that's great
this takes place during shovel Knight
apparently there I turned up game audio
for a little bit sorry is this update
just for Steam or is it also for GOG
it's for everything this I'm playing
this on the ps4 right now - writer yeah
Kickstarter no no it's a free update for
everyone nice and so that's great let's
see here what are there stretch goals
that they have this other thing are
there other things they're doing tours
just late night I don't know I don't
know let's see a play date yeah here
here Mona
I forgot I did play tonight already we
have a bigger problem on our hands
we've been found out Mona Oh
the Black Knight thing yeah
Madge assist fills me in don't worry a
beak that fool has nothing on us that's
my that's my Mona voice no she seems
like that's fine voice she seems like
she's a sultry mage you know look oh we
need to worry about is those final
ingredients we're stuck languishing here
in obscurity until then yes the essences
I shall pay our friends a little visit
and a new bar of them right and while
you're doing that I'll keep researching
ways to get more bang for our buck know
what they say the bigger the explosion
the better the alchemist yeah see let's
get to work
Jack you're a master thespian I mean I'm
trying I'm trying
I say thespian lesbian I meant lesbian
I'm a sound like tongue is stuck in
somebody's crotch rich I think just
based on gender alone I might be the
worst lesbian ever I know you like women
yes at least a half-decent lesbian the
worst lesbian is a gay man like it is a
gay man you're right jack I took band
and music theory as electives in high
school what electives did you take rich
do you remember high school art so I met
Mike you took art yep yeah there you go
I I was on I was on the school newspaper
yeah I was the photographer and and
wrote articles for the school newspaper
and and I also was an a/v Club
that sounds terribly exciting maybe I
was just the biggest nerd
all right right there tracer powder
produces wall-climbing flames cool close
up a long time after throwing I don't do
I care about that and maybe I don't know
what any of this stuff does so I'm just
gonna buy a bunch of it that's my that's
my idea
great buy everything just buy everything
hope something works and why these
things are good I'm sure yeah okay I've
known my bombs now with travel upward
that's fun very upward travelling bombs
yes you suppose you're gonna fight
shovel knight in the end one would
assume do you have to do like all the
other levels first and then like you
have to defeat shovel knight that could
be that'd be funny I don't know how this
works out that continuity was
yeah I don't know this is this is game
cannon of course to the shovel Knight
saga of course oh good ok good I got
more money I got more money I think I
wanted this thing there we go
oh nice yeah what rich I have some hard
decisions to make in my life
yeah as we've talked about many times
boxers box no oh no no boxer briefs as
far as I'm concerned it's boxer briefs
that's the best of both worlds
whatever your boxers my friend pure
boxers pure boxers yeah oh no my tough
decision is I need to find I need to
find something to to remove from my life
monetary wise because as we've discussed
in the past are the follies of it I'm
getting back into reading comics oh no
no no no no financial crush the
predicted financial crushes happen
because well III am fond of them are an
expensive hobby it's a very expensive
hobby expensive and it is true I'm sorry
I have no advice other than to stop what
you're doing your kids can go to college
or you can read comics quit or you could
read comics those are your options daddy
had to read ultimate spider-man
McDonald's you're gonna be late
no and you know it's it's not too bad on
comiXology which is where I digitally
buy my comics you know like if if once
the comic is like a month old it's only
like two bucks an issue which isn't that
bad and you know you can buy you can buy
the graphic novels for pretty cheap
so it's not it's not terribly bad but
it'sit's just one of those things where
now I'm sucked into a couple stories and
I want to I want to keep reading well
what what all are you reading I'm
reading Batgirl than the new Batgirl
anything else and no don't hate me I
well might be too late for that I've
started reading the Star Wars comics why
would I hate you know I have nothing
against people who like Star Wars even
though I'm not like a super huge Star
Wars fan myself oh that's right jack
enjoy it it's the new Marvel run of Star
Wars picks up after a new hope uh and
it's pretty good and it's pretty good it
is pretty fun and I've been enjoying it
I know you know I know a lot of your
life here you hear a lot about Star Wars
and you've been pretty clear that you're
not you know like terribly into Star
Wars but I'm like lukewarm right just
get it get it you're lukewarm to Star
Wars thing I don't know if I get it Luke
Skywalker like the temperature of water
when it's not hot like like like the
character from from the thing you never
wait wait are you not familiar with
lukewarm towards something is an
expression of ambivalence of course I am
okay I've been I've been messing with
you
I wasn't sure this this is like the
horse translator I'm not just not sure
the Horo the horse translator what was
the horse translator again oh that's
right what do we want to go there huh no
no we shouldn't no the answer is no we
don't want to go there yes I got it at
first I was messing with rich as he
often does to me
it was my attempt at comedy it didn't it
didn't work from cases to do stuff like
that if you don't do it on the fly there
places you'll totally get raped what
what um also so this is this is just the
the King Knight level this is exactly
the lessee it's just the yep this is
just shovel Knight plenty of playing
through the shovel Knight game as a new
character I figured he would have like
three of his own special stages and you
know me then as a bonus you would be
able to play the old ones too
yes that's you know I think it is a
little disappointing but free so yes
sure free but also you know cheap when
it was free so hello wait what did you
say it's hard to call I'm not I'm not
calling it cheap I'm just I'm just
saying I expected more there's a bungle
oh well thank whole thing off my
headphones volume knob yours there's a
you you have a bongo dog a dongle with a
D I mean I think it's great that you're
getting into music but you know maybe
now is not the best time to talk about
that no idea what that means is because
you're playing the bongos now you're
getting it's not working I have to stop
you because it's just not working
yeah you know what I'm not gonna put too
much thought into that routine I'll just
call it that I think that's really the
truth it's just everything's fine
everything's fine like most of the time
everything's fine my 20% of the time six
I could go up to like 60 60 percent of
the time everything is fine
you're mr. everything's fine not all the
time yeah I don't know when that changed
now it's only 20%
I mean what's all the time you know all
the time is literally all of the time
hmm yeah all the time past present and
future that's all of the time yeah I'm
seeing this question a lot in chat I
think we've already talked about this
which is why jesse has been on the show
in a while because she hasn't there's no
greater reason so stop worrying about it
jesse is fine yes he's fine
and she just hasn't felt like doing the
show for a while that's fine let's see
Oh what what I have no idea
great yes you're saying things that's
true I was saying things I say things
often I say things often rich no idea
what they mean I just know you're saying
that's fine yeah yeah yep that's that's
pretty much it that's like my entire
life is the people around me go Oh Jack
saying something again and they then
they most of the time they politely wait
until I'm done and then go on with
whatever they were talking about before
oh oh that's cool that's neat bombs and
Bob's jo Bob's killed thousands of
people
yeah oh I'm sure way more than thousands
yeah every day bombs are real threat I'm
talking about the videogame bums plague
night bombs rich select the order the
order exactly talking about the order
infamous video game bombs the order no
order actually Bobby that's terrible I
don't know if it bombed I want I mean
I'm sure I hope it bombed can that be it
can we hope yeah sure
are there other infamous video game bomb
Oh et oh yeah that's right 1880 is an
infamous bomb everyone was talking about
the movie and what about sure
let's see here infamous videogame bombs
I don't know actually I'm sure I mean
I'm sure there's yeah Chad Chad help us
out here help us it's your favorite
video game bomb top 5 videos getting
bombs you won't believe what what post
your answer in the comment section tell
us what top 5 list you want to see next
time oh that's right spore spore was a
like what was a big you know that was a
big bomb that was a financial disaster
No oh yeah well right doesn't care he
already made all the money fuck it I
made the Sims bitch hold money he slept
very well that night yep
well maybe you've heard of a little came
on called The Sims yeah I made them you
know the thing that revolutionized the
way in the normies play games the ladies
go home they come up to me I sweat on my
junk for approximately 20 minutes and we
have a good conversation afterwards
about how they developed their character
say hey baby you want a blue easy chair
I can make that happen
SiC Sims reference rich thank you thank
you I am NOT that's gotta be worth
something like creating the biggest
video game hit ever most women right
right Oh God I'm sure the to yeah
enemy nah I don't think it's just a like
about amongst women Sims is huge I think
was unusually large I am unusually large
wrong but I think about this I might be
right all right sure yeah beyond you
know the the SimCity that was installed
on my school computer I don't think I've
ever played like a Sims game you know
yeah SimCity is a bitch without cheats
it's fun like the goblins attack it's
great no interest in running an actual
City though hon Jack no I think I don't
think most people did I think use cheats
both the large city and then had a
monster destroyed the plane crashed into
it that was literally all anyone cared
about
you tried it you try to get those I get
the weather stuff right the tornadoes
yeppers wait you just want to see the
city burn I want to watch a little burn
that's that's what the Sims proved about
humanity yeah and I like it
do-do-do-do-do-do you've never played a
Sims game you should play some cities
and it's like or I mean I don't know
anything about like the new sim cities I
think supposed to be like terrible
disasters are you talking to the chat
are you
I mean you know I know the but like the
new SimCity oh the one that you need an
online connection for yeah that wasn't
that like an unmitigated disaster
I could just float right past you
a brutal legend was a huge bomb I I'm
sure many Tim Schafer games were huge
bombs no offense to Tim Schafer you know
- I know you like real elope you you
should maybe the opening cinematic -
brutal legend I thought it was really
funny Jack do you think your
disappointment with these levels is due
to fatigue from playing the bass game so
much ah no no my disappointment with the
levels is that these levels were
designed around a character with a
different moveset you know they spent
time and money and resources to craft
wonderful levels based around poco
jumping and forward attacking and and
now you're playing it with a different
character and it feels off it feels bad
you know it's lost its lost part of its
mmm
I'm so sorry you know it's not the worst
thing in the world it's not the worst
thing in the world it's not like the
horse thing in the world
no it's not I don't I don't know that
meats means horse rich okay get your
heart your high horse ready to get off
it wasn't your piece the horse thing in
the world was watchdogs a massive bomb I
remember I would leg down that is a
big-budget game and I don't hear
anything about it before anymore so I
would believe that watchdog there's a
huge bomb did Duke Nukem Forever bum and
then me maybe yeah maybe
listen oh I know this game this part of
the game is free and I'm only
complaining to complain i i'm not i'm
not gonna say give me my money back it's
it's any excuse to play more shovel
knight but all this makes me want to do
is play a shovel knight again yeah all
right
what
so then I wonder wonder wonder Wow who
wrote the book of love did I get that I
get that right what something you're
gonna say that I mean that's exactly
what I was going to say no I do wonder
like I whether or not I was supposed to
I do wonder if I was if I like beat king
night before or after shovel knight beat
king night you know oh well doesn't
really matter nothing matters
oh well thank you memory
apparently watchdog's broke the record
for biggest first day sales in Ubisoft
he's oh so much for that theory
so you're not talking about critical
bombs I'm talking about financial bombs
games it works
are there any infamous games that were
expected to do very well mmm-hmm did not
go over well with the public just bomb
financially
that's the question yes we should do we
should do our own research on that rich
that could be fun we can determine if
they're actually worth playing that
wouldn't that that could be a fun
episode bang boom it's gonna happen boom
that's gonna happen
quick goddammit yep it's gonna be great
it's gonna be great it's gonna be great
pop almost immediately when thrown
sure somebody huh oh no I don't like I'm
like buying upgrades and I'm not really
sure what they do so yeah not terribly
into this Oh interesting
okay interesting all right is it is it
really what is this interest interesting
no I mean I throw a bomb and it kind of
hangs out in the air for a little bit I
don't know if it will do me any good
yeah that doesn't really sound that
interested you know it's it's somewhat
interesting it's it's somewhat
interesting
so for now I don't think I'll be able to
like just normally attack things
yeah okay yeah that works okay
yeah rich what shovel knight
yes shovelknight shovel that night yeah
so did we give this game enough of a
chance yet maybe maybe what shovel
Knight yeah
you mean I'm sorry you're just talking
about plague good night oh yeah yeah I
mean obviously shovel Knight I love this
we I haven't even touched it oh oh I
think he meant we as like as a streams
mated stream yes that's really a
dictatorship well of course it yeah but
we like to give them the illusion I'm
done doing this all them what's what's
next Jack what's next what's next huh
I'll tell you what's next
or maybe I won't tell you what's next
and I'll just let you discover it on
your own you know and there's that way
there's something I need to do first
there's something very important I need
to do first turn off this turn out there
oh no this one a bit
have it you know that okay give me a
moment rich give me money you know what
we'll take this moment and I will thank
subscribers and thank you leftover
beefcake for giving us a chat watcher
with a larger font we really important
improvements all the little important
improvements okay so Tim Salman's
Tiberius Kirk mag news Stu Krieger seven
eight three collecting data mall Ratko
shirk spear read the fervent fir frigate
that's fine and gibbous moon thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we really do it's it's true
that was fine this is fine no I was
great rich I think that was great I
think he did it and I think he nailed it
yeah in the bag yeah so congratulations
so now you gonna do a thing what's going
on where am I what's going on where are
you what is going on this is real life
I've heard I've heard this is real life
oh Jesus Oh game's gonna be loud for a
second guys or
or maybe none the device is being used
by another application are you guys not
seeing the game you're probably hearing
it through my headphones cuz the game is
mega loud right now Jesus Christ why are
you so loud
I use a little Howard
why are many things as they are and not
some other way you know I guess - Touche
Touche rich well hello I got this you
know that's crazy oh my god
that's great okay can you second here
why are you working the device isn't
used by another one what are you talking
about
gosh darn it gosh darn it hold on I'm
trying to play The Binding of Isaac but
for some reason it's not working because
you're go to my go to well I'm working
on I'm working on a couple of key
unlocks and I figured like yeah why not
I'm working on it I'm working on it but
I really need for everyone else to see
the game you know I think that would be
important
so what what what I'm working on
no no there was no bugging shovel knight
I it was fine I just got a little bored
and I didn't much care for what this
device is being used by another
application what application go Ram it
what what devices think is being used by
what other it says the elgato is being
used by another application you doing
this on Mac or Windows Windows go to
task manager and make sure Elgato is not
running at all he'll get oh I don't know
what the exe file gato is very gato sure
it's not running it is not running at
all it is not running at all and then
when I go into OBS it says this device
is being used by another application and
the only other application being used is
that is chatty and the chat watcher well
I can't help you right
hello doe Jemma Jemma
what are you being used by and capture
device okay hold on trying something
it'll get are you trying hard enough
No
now I'm trying hard now I'm like
actually trying really hard for real Z
oh my god what what
but this might mean is I need to stop
the stream and start it again oh my god
I know I know rich so I guess that's
what's gonna happen I'm Way over here
the other side town
