We take to the Organ Trail (Part 1)
October 21, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d7nC8rzL-v4

Oh our green screen isn't quite on point
today you see this little curve you know
what fuck it
okay I'm saying fucking all right that's
right pneumonitis you do need to pick up
West errata on this rad I was a lot of
fun I want to play that game more I
should play that I'm with my new steam
controller
org and trail spooky it's like game hold
on
org an trail search organ trail
director's cut update boom
yeah we need to up our green screen game
I we did like I got a new green screen
for this and it's a great it's a really
great green screen I'm really happy with
him
but uh we do need to figure out how we
are going to do the whole suicide the
what suicide no why would you do that
suicide what you're crazy man
you're crazy I can't believe how crazy
you are no we need to figure out okay a
second controller can be used for
drop-in co-op during most combat
scenarios after your party joins you you
can find more information on that
helpful click anywhere to continue how
you can change guys know you can be a
girl now that's something that's totally
you okay yeah all right oh that supposed
to be George Romero oh I would have been
the girl click on the enemy and draw a
line
draw a line torture oh oh you I'm just
doing this jack okay Mouse because it's
not your forte apparently we need to we
need to configure our controllers here a
little bit rich controllers must be
configured oh oh yeah right now oh
that's right that's right chance out
there we stick together
my name's clients what I'm sorry what
what was your name again clients
comments that's weird most people France
of Clemens Clemens what's your name
partner
my name is is what oh one of the devs is
in the chat and we don't have steam
controller working properly yet that's
what he says okay so this is this is
something that's happened and so my name
is gonna be you know what Dublin then
then you get to be me Dublin can dev can
we get by just fine using gamepad and
the other person with a keyboard and
mouse is that playable or do we need to
game pads Devlin
all right so we need jet names what who
wants to be on a party party say say
dead dead say exit say dead did okay uh
I read only subscribers okay okay mister
glitch nope
hey hey okay no do you need to use
distinguish all whoa what is happening
it's true there you go now you got it
mr. glitch hold on everybody we're
getting there okay ready yeah Z Duran oh
my god so many people are typing give me
a second here let's see here
ze d AR EA n ok chaos 14 28 18 for you
14:28 and Tiberius Kirk those are the
first four to say dead ok and so those
will be the people nice nice
joining us are these the correct names
yes very good chance you're still alive
it'll be at the shelter set up in DC if
they have any sense that is huh oh
that's a tough place to do we're gonna
need a way to get around
I saw an old station wagon a few blocks
back those things not might not be very
reliable but you'd be surprised that
roomy they are anyway they get moving ok
the Interceptor I want on my van go back
to the Interceptor oh that is totally
the Mad Max car oh yeah the station
wagon
oh now can you do this it's gonna be
tough
can you wait stop don't touch anything
okay
do you have controller working we could
turn off this controller hold on
okay now can we get bit oh hello
I pressed B that's not working B doesn't
work no all up bet back steam controller
you dick
I think they needed another eight months
of development and now the steam
controller won't turn on and I know turn
on
I'd love to choke them for shoving big
picture about down my fucking throat
shitty big picture motives they can't
see it all they can see is the game they
can only see us struggling with big
picture mode we're stuck in big picture
mode yeah Oh nope nope none of this is
working I know we're getting there y'all
we thought it would be fun is like a
multi you know cuz rich and I need to
use these steam controllers as much as
possible to to get a good feel for it
for our next episode on steam
controllers and so it's like oh here
here's like why won't be work oh my god
I got it we got a I don't I don't know
what rich is gonna do I don't think he
knows what he's gonna do oh my god oh my
god what's he I don't know what he's
doing
everything is I'm scared okay your
controller
the Xbox controller okay ready nope nope
now what happens if you press the Xbox
button
nope close application we just named
everybody lose those names shadow
remember shadow remember plan B what's
plan B right picture leftover beefcake
we probably won't dump it in a bar in a
bottle of acetone a Stones expensive no
it's not turning out that's weird right
this is look at it's not weird to this
why is it backwards justice is it always
ya know are you comfortable doing this
huh are you comfortable doing this I
think I think you should take point
right I know you what I mean is what do
you think now we're back in victory mode
oh wait this is a good thing right
everything's fine everything's fine okay
oh so you're gonna move yeah I guess I'm
gonna move I'd love to do co-op but we
can't well we can't do come up until
they shoved the steam controller out the
door when it wasn't done yet huh we know
this isn't working we tried that what
are you doing I don't you know I wish I
could tell you do controllers work in
general yes then why isn't that working
because control okay let's get to a save
station okay get to they get to the van
we got this rich we got this I know what
we're gonna do I think I got just enough
food and food to get it and make it to
DC in this baby
let's hit the road now drive
let's do this clemont's that fuck I
don't remember did this happen last time
gotcha
he's he's faded today Oh No Clemens was
bitten by a zombie and we're out of fuel
motherfucker
Washington Day say just as the station
wagon runs out of fuel you coast into
the city you can hear a radio blaring in
a nearby window still remain in
Washington DC the government is
declaring class three biohazard in the
area they will be commencing a nuclear
strength within a few short hours get
out while you can
the city is lost click anyway everybody
panic panic looks like we have a time
problem I'll go look for your friends at
the shelter meanwhile you should go
scavenging for supplies I've heard about
a place on the west coast it's supposed
to be a safe haven from all this chaos
lets me back here and head out here take
my journal I've written down everything
I know by surviving on the road it
should help you decide what it's what
you should help you decide what you
think we may need on the trip partner
I'm in the driver's seat motherfucker
we need to fuel we need a food I
remember food being important
two hours remaining to gather supplies
better make these smart wise decisions I
am making smart and wise and some ammo
and I got one more huh yeah one more I
think I'm gonna go for another fuel okay
boom okay let's get the funk out of here
look at that team I never saw Azam be
lame
oh okay great
everyone's here there's just one more
thing back there on the road one of
those things bit me I'm already not
feeling too well I can't stand the
thought of becoming one of them you're
gonna have to put me down
well you keep my journal and may help
you out there
I'm giving it my all rich oh that's
right well I forgot they if they aim
backwards
Dublin put down Clements minority going
south
oh I'm more comfortable in the north but
I can only imagine road conditions are
worse wait where are we
we're here yeah right we're in DC no no
we're here where are we oh okay I get it
now I get enough Pittsburgh or the Gorge
Bridge light supplies and faster
movement decent supplies oh and soul
breath yeah solar panel okay Pittsburgh
and bark all right sure did what is that
anywhere but stop to continue would be
my guess
can I say if I do I have to do that
somewhere else
I don't know sparks their sparks shoot
out of the back your muffler is dragging
on the road time to replace it you don't
have the supplies to replace it try
trading for one shit no muffler oh oh
here we go
can I
you need a muffler yeah talk to stranger
talk to stranger you encounter no one no
going for supplies you probably have to
at this point scavenge all right let's
do it now you got to move me until we
can save and then like restart with just
uh you know what it probably if we get
out of big picture mode we cannot we'll
see we'll see
use your weapon pistol
you need to start shooting at things why
or not I guess that's fine
god damn it why would you stopped no you
know when you've gotta aim you stopped
me by aiming oh I didn't know that I
didn't know that also your microphones
not right in front of your face our
microphones need to be right in front of
our faces reg how long has that been bad
who knows
oh this game well autosave when you
leave the quit game thank you I'll be on
up I hold on goddamnit
how do I leave quick are we saved yeah
it says someone in the chat said we
autosave and I'm gonna go ahead and
leave him okay okay so we go back we go
back we go back we go back and then we
go like this right and then we go
desktop return to desktop okay okay now
we're just playing like normal folk and
we're gonna play again yes okay now I
should be able to use a goddamn
controller like a civilized human being
that distant might kick their level is
the same now did it
great yes now I can use a controller
sound good no I move the mic away a
little bit if there's a problem let me
know
except for now how do I'd like do stuff
well I think you have to stop she got
the muffler you can't drive we need to
get a muffler before we go on okay so
now we can't oh it may be scavenging did
what stop it
you encounter no one a traitor
straightway clan passes done well let's
scavenge a little bit let's see if I can
figure out how to do combat with uh use
left stick to move pullback to aim and
release to shoot single shot quick
reload to hide oh and you should be able
to come in how I don't know what's the
button hey is that you
someone came in on who are those people
other scavengers was basically my plan
until like all the zombies decided to
show yeah I'm good is it just a time
thing damn it I'm bad at this game okay
it's because no oh that's right you made
it like suicide why would you think that
because fun because they don't like
seeing us fill in these games you're
supposed to fail in the zombie game I
could play it and win this is fun and I
may be fun for me people like us getting
torn apart by zombies I'm sorry it's
just the way it is
yeah I guess we got a trade yeah
we have plenty of food oh wait with one
of their SPO wait for 14 attire yeah yes
and I can't pick yes do you not have $14
oh maybe that's it when I trade one of
their time okay we need a muffler I
don't think you have anything worth
trading to get the muffler yeah stress
is bad all we can do is scavenge I need
is some good scavenging Jack all right
all right I want this I'm on this
I was under
can I know Oh oopsie I was confused I
was very confused for a second rich oh
my god I got 50 ounces of food it's been
a while since I've played this is the
real thing and
our there's only food to scavenge here
I'm gonna find him a muffler
right I'm just trying to find enough
supplies to can't kill him yep
get out of my B's mister so what's the
deal with scavenging through I just have
to like make it a certain amount of time
oh my god oh my god chance the food
great I don't have a med kit
barely I don't have my kid great and
repair I thought I could ride with a
muffler I guess I can this doesn't seem
right I think we should be able to go
with a muffler if you can find a way to
try it oh I can tell that's seem weird
same weird that we can't do that like if
we die we'll try again on hard okay
you'll die you're going to die I have no
other option I have no other option
right so what else was I supposed to do
I was like a boob
we didn't do very well rich I am you
entirely suicide mode was a bad idea I'd
let you know like I agree that people
like it when we when we fail but I think
we need some realistic expectations all
right let's try again
all right do we figure out if we need
two controllers if we want to do co-op
Oh No yeah well I played this once
before and it was a long okay you're
you're in control and I think I can drop
in now that I have the controller so I
actually go to options go to controls if
you want win stick P to twin stick okay
great so now your player one and then I
can jump in thank you no - I won't
forget the eggs I need eggs difficult
great I'm ready
do you want them ladies I like them I
like them pixel ladies yeah all right
okay who is your party leader our
password is eggs no but the person who
just says eggs okay
of course okay I mean we should call her
pixels it's I agree but egg specs for
specs for all right okay ready just
gonna go down the list but yeah what do
you what do you want now I give eggs
lollipop lolli pop two words yoga
lollipop we can get it who can get it
there we go
xeno trope they didn't spell it
correctly but they gave they gave it two
words
oh hello drone oh and hello Draco was
Lalo pop so that was a typo and see I
was I was envisioning lol ly pop there's
not how lolly
what's a lolly okay let's see here who
did it correctly then so that is a Z no
Trump X en o TR ope okay and then we
have Tiberius Kirk is back just going
down the list to be his kick
kick that's all yes great then we have
mr. glitches back and we have b3 n07
great no nope
that was a travesty of a run but that's
okay all right supplies Jack eight hours
remaining so obviously we need a muffler
well I don't know get him out yeah get
like one of everything maybe one money
yeah you get one of everything then
you're kind of covered all right there
you go okay all right
choose your route this is all new I
tried to go north obviously we didn't
even make it out of DC really but flying
air pressure or light supplies faster
movement it see to me it's all about
supplies and so I would go north just
for the decent supplies all right Andy
and we would get an air freshener embark
embark embark mother it looks like
something interesting is happening up
inside of the road would you like to get
out and look yeah okay what's happening
Debbie Gibson or Taylor Swift Taylor
Swift find a plump man freshly killed by
a gunshot to the head
lying beside his pockets harvest some
meats Oh God Louise pockets of course
really you find five bullets and harvest
some meat or are you done he was shot in
the head he always is tainted so you
don't want no I don't want the gun
did you want the me I'm your I'm just
asking you the questions you're playing
in my mind oh okay that's fun sure
you're you're controlling yeah okay
see the remains of another party before
you would you like to stop and look yeah
loot them bodies yo J B and a B oh poor
JB and AV r jb a navy you discover six
crap near the grass yeah dog yeah dog
always always loot the bottom find loot
everything
oh alright here we go hey yeah do you
think they knew yeah last game we killed
them with a muffler
well can we kill them with a muffler so
this time give them all the mufflers let
him choke on their mufflers find
packaged snacks
some extra food some extra food z note
rope has colorado
zenit rope what have you been sticking
what in man cholera people don't get
that no more you had a pretty nasty bump
in the road and one tire flies out the
window
god damn and well wait that way that was
our extra time extra tire yes how's our
extra tire you suddenly find yourself
surrounded by zombies are you ready okay
I'm gonna do I'm gonna try to jump in
I'm telling you it's all me
oh my god oh my god
you're doing great rich you're doing
great doing great
oh I'll watch that reload need it
Pittsburgh Pittsburgh Pittsburgh it's
very good to Pittsburgh you know what oh
what are we doing job selling buying
auto shop supply car party let's check
out let's check out that job situation
jobs
check out that job cinch graveyard
there's something hidden at the back of
a graveyard it's $24 recovery I was
lucky to get out alive I dropped
something precious to be in that horde
of zombies difficulty suicide Peyman
guitar we dropped out the window because
this fucker obviously found that it was
very important it was very important to
him what's playing what's plan do you
think you could handle 20 I have no idea
$24 seems like a good amount of money
okay at this point so I would I think if
you you know like but you tell me like
I'm the leader but I want to listen to
you right I want to listen to my party
in my hand you already gave me okay yeah
get that box he'll they've changed a lot
yeah well yeah this is the new update
this is the expanded I don't know what
they call it ultimate edition nice tree
so you can shoot over the graves that's
nice oh you got this you got this you
got this easy easy
you did it you made $24 now we got $24
we doing we doing the tower one huh you
know what I'm delegating that's all up
to you that's all up to you I I don't
know if a tire is that important
it's suicide difficulty so I would I
would kind of I'd be afraid Chad are we
doing tires is rich doing tires that
rich nailed that that graveyard one I am
a Janeway type leader I send other
people to their death no they don't
great rules come in
I'm saying no I'm leaning towards no if
you want to risk your own neck okay we
got 24 bucks should be worth
approximately jack shit
maybe it's 24 you know gold or whatever
supply yeah combat training no go back
to town
go to buy let's see what they have to
offer at the store
I feel buy scrap buy food buy medkits
buy ammo click done let's see what our
let's see what our supplies are like we
only have six fuel so we should probably
get some more fuel well you have five
men kids we only have one well we have
one tire left so we have one spare tire
that's pretty good what does combat
training do again
you can learn new combat techniques for
scavenging in small towns at the combat
Center oh they don't have any available
I would say we should either by some we
should buy some fuel or you should
scavenge if you feel up for it I think
we should buy fuel bucks for one I think
- yeah by - I think we're good with
everything else if they had something
yeah but like they you know scavenging
what I'll get you food or bucks or stuff
yeah got a dress gift they didn't have
eggs here
zombi oh it's a boss fight rich nice use
that wall oh my god oh my god damn it oh
my god hey you carry back a lot of food
that's pretty good
sure
come
oh yeah yes yes yeah
there's only one route to go the mall
okay
it supplies and action-hero Wang topia
that's like that's a really far-reaching
question talking about my editing
process you must cross a horde of
zombies to continue on the road the
Horde in front of you is currently large
in size and appears to be agitated break
your guns in clear path and attempt to
sneak through
wait to see if the Horde disperses we
got the resources they're still agitated
horde sighs massive they've grown
attempt to sneak through yes yeah you
overrun by the horn lost following 36
food that's not so bad that's not so bad
I was like that's kind of bad
I'll take that I'll take that you need
to controllers for co-op okay yeah and
with the we only have we only have the
xbox360 controller and a steam
controller and you if you're playing
together they're not playing nice
together so we'll just do we'll just do
it like this this is fine rich is a
better shot than I am anyway the car oh
yay do we get do we get it's meat it's
sweet sweet deer meat apparently not Oh
Tiberius Kirk is exhausting what are you
doing all day Kirk fuck you fuckwit hey
buzzy no-trump cleared up that cholera
way to go way to go Zenit Rome you did
it twice your muffler too far let's
replace it for supplies nice got that
muffler no he took a little nap
took a little nap he's fine he's fine
there's only okay it's like the editing
process for me is if that's like I said
it's really weird and far-reaching
question but oh 25 that's all right it
always starts with organization organize
all of your footage properly hey that's
kind of clear government and just you
know watch it a bunch of times and start
cutting stuff together that's where you
always start start making cuts make it
happen and eventually you'll find what
you want it's that's if you could be
more specific with your editing question
that would help but you know it's just
just do it I've been doing it for so
long that it doesn't eat you know like I
can't even
get into it steam controlers shaming you
know it's not quite there yet it is is
pretty low so I'm gonna say you're 16
scrap the scrap to the power station the
more you use the less risky the repair
how much use 8 oh I don't know what to
do either
whoo okay great more repairs uh yeah see
one let's do one more
he's a no now that we know we're doing
yeah nice still see but I'll say I'll
take it this that gets us back up see if
combat ring has anything to offer a
grizzled stranger beckons you beckons
you to a dark corner and offers to teach
you some useful techniques for $80
chance to not use a bullet when you fire
no yes you jobs are precious to me in
that horde of zombies difficulty suicide
man one muffler did use a muffler yeah
but we got another one mmm there's a
massive herd of the undead coming toward
town hired guns needed $48 hmm I could
buy us some stuff right there
do it which one
$48 all right do it get them make them
they
yes
once your friends realize the power of
this fully functioning space station
reference from Star Wars Episode one The
Phantom Menace
oh my god you're doing it oh my god it's
working rich that was really well done
yes this is also why you should have
been the one flag yeah
nope I'm a good commander I know when to
hand off responsibilities no oh what's
what's our supplies like now we got so
we got some scratch now zero scrap six
fuel hairs we only have one tire left by
some fuel by one fuel and let me see
what the food's like
a sign for sixteen one fuel oh yeah
what's the food costs what's food four
dollars yeah buy some food that'll wash
relax for 10
by go up to 30 yeah
you want that action here over $80 no no
I think that's dumb
okay so just click done let's go to the
car we have medkits we have five med
kits I think it's pretty good head to
the car and see what kind of upgrades we
have if it needs to be a car thing in
the towel
yeah right yeah save that money I wanna
you know cuz we need like another tire
we need some car stuff so let's kill
anybody any strangers yeah talk to
stranger father is very sick we are
resting here until he gets better we
have been pushing too hard your health
suffered my father is able to travel
again go at a slower pace doctor not
stranger no butter cheese or ice cream
or since electricity went out Oh bless
me I don't think I can do without the
conference is the modern age for much
longer
all of these strangers are ninnies
apparently uh yeah one more toxic
stranger I don't know dude okay look
here supply again
now we're fine you know maybe just rest
do a rest everybody seems a little tired
and I think party yeah
let's rest for four hours get everybody
nice and healed up okay it's a plus
button
yeah nice nap all right
yeah that's a good me up nice kill that
guy and steal his cans right all right
this is pretty good all right go fish
yeah what does that do no idea
fishing has the same benefits as resting
plus you can catch extra food or spare
parts once you hook a fish click to reel
it in while the indicator inside the
green areas up I mean ski the fish will
get out
well fuck man we could have been fishing
this whole time
I'm not sure if I'm doing this right
yeah yes you are
Oh
oh yeah that is neat alright alright
let's go
rich people are asking do you have any
honest reaction to the Star Wars trailer
No you know you know what trailer looked
really good what trailer yeah yeah
that's true you start wrecking the
darkest trailer oh yeah it means
absolutely nothing
yeah this means gonna be bad or good yep
so did we learn any new information from
the trailer I don't think so yeah we saw
Leia whatever yeah yeah we did she was
gonna be in it why would you want new
information to know you want to go in
and see it fresh hey that's a real thing
where it's just like everybody has
already made up their mind whether or
not they're going to see the movie yeah
and this point you're just spoiling
stuff right great let's go yeah yeah
it's fine we're great we're moving on
Indianapolis
maybe this later oh I want a cowcatcher
you losing our tracking an animal you
never catch oh well fuck you swerved to
miss a deer and get caught in some
bushes I mean it was that same fucking
deer we were chasing for an hour fucking
deer fucking deer fucking deer rich
Tiberius Kirk throws one tire at a
zombie we have guns
Kirk Kirk use the shotgun what the fuck
man Oh can't get the funk out of here
I couldn't do anything I had a tire I
had to tie it next to me man I got a
zombie was coming for me I had a tire I
had to throw the tire I I took the gun
off the tire so I could pick up the tire
and throw the tire
I didn't want to hurt the gun might be
right
more tolerable I think be three no7 was
a doing a little Zenit rubbed it'll be
aired there cholera little bittle a
video little collar rose in the fiddle
you know I'm saying hey oh we got a
cowcatcher that's nice there's not yet
let's look at everything first we need a
tire I live one tire huh there's a
cowcatcher that's nice I click done
let's see what else so it's yes who's in
the shop next to nothing just scrap oh
ok done see their jobs massive hoard 147
food that's pretty nice
ok so click done ok let's get that cow
catcher and some scrap cow catcher first
yeah
that's crap
how much six hours for wahoo in stock
okay that's fine too great all right
then now let's see if you can defend
yourself we get a shit ton of food
alright so go to jobs do it do it do it
do it oh yeah we haven't been trading
I'll look into trading again right now
well you know we're gonna deal in
certainties first yes you made a funny
noise what's the deal with King's Quest
you guys uploading the next installment
on YouTube and easie I think of all the
King's Quest is up on YouTube at the
moment I don't think we're missing any
installment of King quite we did not
play King's Quest for very long if that
helps you got this rich you got this
ain't no thing nice nice get some food
why don't you go to oh yeah what I
should fix that car yeah
oh we could do that well wait they go to
a party talk to stranger I don't feel
like ever it's still frayed you can
probably spend a few hours trying to
trade with others you don't fret
you can probably spend a few hours
trying to trade with others as they beg
of course oh we're gonna go to town
we're gonna sail some shit
it's so foods now or if much but yeah I
guess it's wait how much do we need to
repair we need a 35 okay yeah sell
enough to get 35 to repair yeah oh my
god
nevermind that's a lot of food yeah yeah
that's too much food nevermind nevermind
cancel let's just go alright let's just
do it let's leave let's see what we can
find on the road man yeah we don't need
to return none let's go to the farmland
Vaman it up vomited up a nearby zombie
triggers a mind everyone is hit by
debris I'm seeing it I'm seeing it it
looks like something interesting is
happening off to the side of the road
would you like to get out and look press
or say one now yeah he spies you chase
after me struggling to run he's thrown
to the ground as he trips over a rock
you now stand over the frightened child
help him up help him up help him up
surprise relief pocket pulls are broken
yo-yo with a fancy cat and has a top hat
and a monocle as the manufacturers logo
he looks at it for a moment and then
thrust his hand out to you and offering
you take it and he scampers off
we got a yo-yo I don't know dude wait
did he steal the food but it's a fancy
yo-yo right oh maybe maybe we can use
the yo-yo to fight off zombies you know
like I think I'll stick with the rifle
heavy fog rolls it you're forced to
drive more slowly
no b3o no7 no longer has oh good I'm
glad that cleared up for you
a laptop ran out juice any more juice
faster reload temp that's very good
Oh what do we need a tea yeah let's go
take a look at the jobs and shit and you
wouldn't cobble together 80 bucks hates
dollars so medkits properly with the too
much kids
sure
I'll fucking the band bandits is normal
difficulty we can dispose then that's
like eight three dollars right all right
you gotta I think you gotta hit him on
there up nice nice
Happ 78 probably not a chance of a live
Skyrim stream I don't think we're tonigh
are really into Skyrim oh can I say no
to that too eventually you'll have to be
Oh rich rich yeah what good I got eight
dollars yeah yeah we are area
you got this
I forgot how soothing the music is and
this just ripe for the zombie apocalypse
leftover beefcake says we should blame
the poor shooting on the steam
controller even if we aren't using it I
agree with that leftover beefcake I
agree with that
okay okay
beep-boop beep-boop strangers kill Oh
what strayed though there might be
something you encountered no one to
trade with let's wait for a little bit
see if we even find someone to trade
with arrest anyway right it's for view
fool for one tire no well we don't have
it anyway anyway but even meters I don't
know I need someone who will spare one
of those tyres for five of your scrap we
don't have it no I don't I guess okay
scavenge
it looks like scrap so and I scrap right
there
there's a thing
I know I know you know you're saying it
for the audience
oh my god my gourd nope nope Wade go -
oh my no got it done we could solve five
men kids to get their bread then we'd
have still to medkits left no but that
would just gonna say we need ammo cuz
we're almost out of ammo and that's the
real thing how do I only have seven we
had 43 for the one job oh my god why go
to buy do they have any ammo $10 a thing
yeah babe I need it yeah or that
sure
we need it all right all right done
let's roll on roll on see what happens
yeah good right now can't afford now and
no matter what let's go to shine town I
have to shut down we got ourselves
another divergent paths what's doing
shotgun uses three ammo for Shawn oh oh
a bike gang follows you out of the
settlement
get out of town biker gang doesn't seem
to be affecting car health that much
yeah fuck off biker gang
I remember this minigame that's fine
this is a fun
I could only imagine they'd have to
travel in large packs you survive the
only problem great and the sky clears up
24 miles oh my god
we're probably gonna die looks like the
station wagons gonna catch on fire
