Hotline Miami 2 - My Hammy
March 19, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Ulp7z3VwAY

check and test recording uh uh so I
don't know this might sound like crap no
it does it's all Jack's fault it sounds
great
can you um can you get rid of what's
this
it's not full screen that's that's the
problem Sallah big thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it it's
true four months four months we really
do yeah I don't like the months thing
but it ruins the the singsong anus of
the flow sure thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate anybody so many
ones well it completely doesn't fit we
need to change
well we're what we're doing then right
we know you say hi this is what I'm
saying
I'm saying we need to change what we're
doing here you guys are seeing space cab
look at that look at that he's a cop
from the future space Moki b85 thank you
for subscribing we really appreciated
for none monster oh no we won't be
playing a ton of spelunky but Alejandra
fan Alejandra made it for us a space cop
spelunky mod and so I just wanted to
show this off because I thought it was
super cute look at look at space cop
it's adorable and apparently there's a
very special damsel and so what we need
to do oh look his face got the only the
only issue I have yeah he's wearing a
cap space cop is going to wear his
helmet the entire movie
that's not that's not a special action
occasion helman sure face cop always
wears the helmet but otherwise great I
love the animation yeah look it's a
great cartoon space cop bridge that is
the face of glasses it's great love that
that's true
precisely one there's precisely what I
was gonna say the ending but that's the
I mean not the ending but the last shot
of the movie is in the trailer for the
original version yeah so we're just
gonna play this for lovers fuck specs
for thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
two months in a row J fresh - thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
a clockwork stowin thank you for
subscribing we really appreciated five
months in a row ah that's not my
favorite part is the months in a row
that's not your favorite part because of
the way you doing alright we didn't see
it until this run we didn't see a damsel
oh you guys aren't seeing our faces when
people fuck if Pratt ski thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
five months in a row this is the
notification I'm hearing I'm hearing it
yeah I'm hearing it too yeah we'll keep
we'll keep an eye out everybody get out
of here you skeleton
yeah so so like space kappa looks
fantastic his glasses his face looks
great
if i'm gonna nitpick and i'm gonna
nitpick you know we need some what would
space cop have instead of a whip his
laser gun even basically it would break
the game would be this powerful laser
blast that would go across the whole
screen right right and it would do
massive amounts of damage and it would
be unlimited use also also people have a
protective force field right right so we
can't have that
obviously krieger 783 thank you for
subscribing and also sky dandy thank you
as well for subscribing six months in a
row also six months in a row oh wait I
think I see the damsel hold on we gotta
get we have to go see if we can if we
can get this damsel some extra special
care was put into the space cop damsel
is hot dog with a face on it and then
what happens it walks around giant hot
dog with a face on it thank you for now
who is that Elvis delvis thank you for
subscribing we're very odd thing look at
that hot dog that's great that is great
no now you people in the chat has there
been a consensus a consensus reached on
us thinking subscribers because I know
I've noticed that during like the
YouTube videos yeah a lot of comments
say they they yeah they can go fuck
themselves I was how does everyone in
the chat fil about it is it annoying I
know we do want to thank these people
for subscribe paint openness but I'm
just curious what the consensus is cuz I
can i can understand once it's like ten
like Bill Hickok oh my God thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it we
say no I know I had the way to stop what
we're talking about right sure and I
could see where that's aggravating ya
know and I see I see some people say
like a little bit annoying mildly
annoying but then of course a subscriber
says that they enjoy it yeah
and so like that's the other thing where
it's like if you're a subscriber you
know how would you feel if we stopped
doing that Joe's guy thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
no months no ma you don't have to say no
months what the fuck and rail means real
thank you for subscribing real means we
really appreciate it
not sure what that means what does what
does bill mean it's it's short for
William it's just a string of letters
that is your designation that's all a
name is an epic mean jack shit Wow Wow
rich you're getting her a little real
bringing out bringing out the robot now
twitch plays Pokemon says you could let
the alerts build and then live in the
box for free at moment is there a way
you can look up who subscribe during
like after the fact is that possible if
it is I don't know how to do it oh like
the Rising Sun thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate him you just
subscribe right is there something I
could go into the computer this computer
machine and it'll tell me if he
subscribed earlier and I missed it is
that a thing that happens I don't know I
didn't look into it that much because
we've been thinking people as the hazard
but I bet there's some sort of third
party attachment thing that saves all
that yeah and then like during the low
we'll catch up
sure and then get rid of the what the
fucks you can keep those in but I'm
gonna have to stop what we're talking
about to do that we can think it's look
at things sure later okay all right look
we'll look into it we will look into
that I'm gonna stop playing this bloke
you know just want to show so Alejandra
thank you for putting in the time to
make a space cop mod first belongs yeah
I think it's adorable
it is the the hot dog is really the
winner unless of course that's what your
whip is what if your whip was like a
chain of hotdogs
laser-gun no it would break the game but
it would be space cap appropriate that's
seemly powerful you can get you there's
a there's a laser gun you can get in the
game maybe maybe that's the balance he
doesn't have like a normal whip it's
just like an item you could pick up
there already is that there already yeah
but you don't even have the whip you
start off with the laser gun that's
great start off with the powerful item
but then you don't get the whip that's
easy that's balanced to somewhat balance
you can't do that with that's yeah
you're you're you're you're a console
peasant originally I don't I don't think
you understand the power of modding and
what people have done to games that's
that's really true I don't understand I
don't understand the power button let's
play all right play never again oh I
won't play a different game
take good take the cartridge out of the
console game stupid you're stupid this
game is beautiful but I know we just
played a whole bunch of it why is it not
I could play spelunky oh yeah now we're
gonna make now we're going to play hot
hotline Miami 2 it's gonna be great
post a link for this mod is alejandra
here you can post a link to the mod yeah
you got a Fiat via email attachment
right yeah I don't know where you can
find out we'll find out what the fuck
bless our drugs thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate these past five
months you see how I made that a little
smoother I'm trying to all tab so I can
get to this screen so I can tell the
game the the OBS that we're playing a
new game okay
rich is spazzing out I just want you
guys know I'm trying to make it give me
my mouse oh yeah we'll play Bioshock I
liked Bioshock alright why does game not
showing up Omega this is minimized on
that screen that could be why
all right wait nope nope nope nope why
not okay why not no cuz it's unchecked
Oh
rich is spazzing the fuck out alright
thank you
oh this is a very important notice we
will we will play Bioshock ace gigolo
thank you for subscribing we very much
appreciate it you know it's one of those
things where there's just there's a list
of games that we want to play there is
an amazing list of games that we want to
play on stream off of stream games that
we've never played before games that we
have played before and we'll do our best
omma you can skip the scenes that
contain nudity and allude to sexual
violence would you like to skip those
scenes no we are not skipping the scenes
that allude to sexual violence
okay that's really funny
this is hotline this is the second game
that's like drive the game one of these
days we're gonna play manhunt okay cuz
that's kinda that's got a cheap video
theme running throughout the whole game
okay cool
it's a game low snuff films you're
forced don't be in a snuff film Oh fun
you have to survive this creepy man
turn it up you can't hear us forgiveness
- oh I just turned I can turn it down
more their weight way down why did you
keep going keep going just turn down to
one yeah right
alright how is that does that work can
you hear anything that might be better
than oh yeah we're too low
we're too low I'm gonna turn us up over
here whoa oh that's that's me I'm got
the mouse and you've got the controller
we can technically co-op no let me go up
and try and turn us up here first all
right
actually can you do it on your magic
microphone machine turn us up yeah just
a little bit I turn this up all the way
up here I turn us up another 10% we're
uh 90 now we're at a hundred little
subdued to it
we're usually louder in general
microphone closer even so I think this
would be fun if I I aimed while you move
around but I don't know that sounds
pretty terrible
that sounds pretty amazing okay I'll
hold the L shift to look around whoa
okay
pray use RMB to pick up hammer
what's RMB apparently that voice is loud
now voice is loud no sound from the game
and voice loud so we need to throw in
the game volume up a little bit I'm
gonna turn our voices down over this is
insane
hey guys this is insane
with no music this is dreadful
apparently we just got rid of all the
music
okay I turned our sound down a lot is
that good is that good right now I'm
done adjusting things so I need to know
how the sound is right now oh you're
actually you're still adjusting things
so they're yeah sound good now
now the sound should be good
still no music they'll hear it in a
second
where does that what they're saying no
music right gesture just saw yeah
whatever it's fine everything's always
fine music up one bar I think somebody
else is saying rich is good Jack's a
little loud Jack's a little one right
next to the mic as one should be right
next to the mic there one bit there
people like pair unlikely like the music
in this game yeah this is a series known
for its music you know you know what I'm
gonna say about the music in this game
now we we bought this before you know 20
minutes ago whatever was and the
soundtrack cost exactly as much as the
game that's a little wider noble I don't
know about that yeah the game was games
15 the soundtrack separately also 15 yes
Hey yeah that's yeah that's too much I
really I think that's too much for a
soundtrack and we missed something
Oh
let's have again jack so I can bring out
my God my magic window of seeing things
this isn't a Orson I mean it said an
iron huh I know a is rage to cave thank
you for subscribing we really
appreciated two months in a row
all right Jack you're back on the game
the game is back on okay game is the
thing you're doing now they're saying
music still a little too quiet so we've
up to the music to four bars thanks so
far this looks like the first game with
new maps I more than like two statements
are you not I know I'm done you should
you should all play my problem is that
my problem is there's like a laundry
list of games I should play yes then
there's what I'm in the mood to play yes
like lately I've been playing homeworld
remastered
I saw circular I don't know you tell me
oh no you don't do something different
that's not good oh okay I get it
we're bored this is an altar this is a
different kind of reality but it's okay
because it's just the studio still
disgusting yeah that's fine
that's fine that's fine
we didn't rape her J it's just a movie
started to rape her and then like think
ice is cod yeah still yeah that's fine
that's you know what that's fine it's
fake within fake its fake and it warned
us we could have cut that bad
I fix stun for shock for Shaq say yes
100% done first shock sake Oh eat it
looks like each chapter is a cheesy
movie that's fine
fuck what the fuck indeed professor
physics thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciate it four months in a
row all right what happened oh the game
crash the game crash by Miami - crash
apparently sorry about that everyone but
just try it again just try it again try
it again
oopsie try it again
alright here we go here we go online
Miami - I should have known this is
gonna happen now somebody's ringing up
the Star Trek rape review the rape
review the 2099 Star Trek for the poster
has its way with somebody
oh sure 2002-2009
there Dagobah Dave thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
uh-huh yeah yeah basically that's the
thing old Chris thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
okay okay play it again
nice animo did you remember Marvel 2099
Marvel 2099
they had a series of books that took
place in 2099 the Marvel Universe in
2099 oh sure that's spider-man 2099 and
the Punisher 2099 and whatnot and I
think it was the last the ravage 2099
that was the last comic book that Stan
Lee ever wrote oh yeah my baby at least
regular he was he was the writer on
ravage 2099
a comic book that took place in the
future yet was somehow dated never of
course they all wait
this game will make for a terrible
stream FYI well that was the brakes
that's our work sometimes no I really
enjoyed the first one I think people
stream the first on okay oh these are
all your masks people on our end
everybody gets masks in the first day of
the masks gave you like gave you
different like attributes okay Japan you
can choose what masking wore before
admission but if I don't want to work
with the animal mask sir no mask option
there wasn't a no mask option but there
was just like a mask that doesn't do
anything
I'm not totally digging interact look
like I'm not totally digging how the
controls work they're going to do it do
it tonight I don't know what know what
that's a reference to what are we going
to do tonight
what are we gonna do that we're gonna
jam out to some sweet sweet ass in food
don't you let you do the voices oh
that's right I won't be doing voices I'm
still I'm still slightly up so I can't
do any voices I don't know that I have
it in me to voices you don't think what
the fuck what's very strange music
happening you're in a club of some sort
you see an arrow that's Tony Franco I
know you know what I'm doing it I'm
exploring alright here we go first scene
down under we're doing it we're doing it
welcome Hays on brain if you've never
been to the live chat before you are in
I mean I don't want to say
disappointment or treat what do you cut
what do you call What's in between
disappointed and a tree you're in for a
perfectly average time okay
well you can roll in this game oh my god
that sounds amazing
you could not do that in the first game
fuck what the fuck indeed Jesus Chris
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
Jesus Crist it was spelled all week
gee just a letter - Z us - k ry s d nice
I gotta remember how to play this game
it's been a while Ramar you shoot thinks
I was I don't have a gun how is this
difficult I don't have a gun well why
don't you kill the guy with a gun first
I'm trying you can walk right by the
door and you didn't do anything
also there's no punch Oh is there is a
punch Oh for fuck's sake jack but how do
you not figure out these things I could
wait why can't I move my character
anymore
okay I was locked onto something listen
it's been a while since I played the
game rich why don't you why don't you
take a moment oh shit shit pick it up
fucking I want the bat really naeli I
mean I'll want the shotgun later but
melee weapons are so much more fun I
think it's gonna work on that guy
watch this wait I have to remember how
to throw thing someone unlock that's the
wrong key
okay okay I like that yeah all right now
I have the shotgun
what the fuck indeed collecting data
thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it's true we do oh
what's not an episode of Star Trek
collecting data where that was the name
of the episode that one guy basically
kidnaps data because data is a robot he
just wants to collect him cuz he
collects rare things oh sure I know I
mean I believe it what the fuck Jack I
found I was thought I was throwing my
gun at him I do I hate how the controls
are right now well how are the controls
that that's so bad I don't know they
don't feel right why aren't you using a
mouse and a keyboard because I like
controller
maybe that's why you keep tired that
could be
okay you know rich shut up about that
also a second how about that how about
that right there I'm still watching the
Voyager yeah yeah how's it treating it
uh it gets better every round season
four uh-huh it's never grade seven of
nine god that character fucking takes
over the fucking show what I mean I
don't even I don't even hate the
character but it's just non-stop every
fucking episode is about seven of nine
they may as well retitle the show
seven of nine guest starring Voyager
yeah oh I mean it's Jeri Ryan you know
she's good but I'm sick of her yeah I
can see that I can see that but you know
like just having that kind of attractive
lady on your show it's good it's gonna
maybe maybe you should develop the rest
of your undeveloped characters that
seems like a lot of work this to be look
I want this to be this is my real
problem
Jack has chosen not to use a mouse and
keyboard for this camera this is my
problem which I figured out my problems
discuss amongst yourselves about how
wrong that is the problem was my main
attack button was the bumper not the
trigger okay that's no way to be and and
as far as the high school photo I forgot
I forgot I promised by next Wednesday
photo I know it's my fault
rich to make up for maybe I'll try and
find my senior and junior your photo
double-double the V goodness it's
nothing is it's gonna be as much of a
letdown as dr. mayonnaise just photo of
me from high school I didn't do anything
weird I didn't have any weird looks
I wasn't trying to be an individual by
looking like other people who are trying
to look like individuals you know
basically I just have hair I have hair
in a goofy sweatshirt I'm sure yeah
rollin a goofy sweatshirt I I'm not sure
I don't remember what this is this is
speculation I didn't remember wow that
seems like a really easy strategy I mean
it's just a shirt people on that run
into the room is it is that like the
best strategy in every case no no I mean
well you know this is like the first
level so I think it's just kind of
teaching you how to do things I just
don't remember like the this is a huge
area I don't over the first area being
this or the first game areas being this
big there's just a lot of dudes
yes
failed sure did getting their rich I
know this seems a bit cheap works I
guess mostly because it is as long as
it's not the only effective strategy
that use all game I'm okay with it so
justice Jack remember you have a log on
oh I did forget of course you did oh
it's Jane I thought was like a garrote I
can garrote
yeah like piano wire you stick up behind
somebody and you jump to death gotcha
that's good I did it go to car okay
okay is this an old PC game yes this is
a twenty-year-old game yep yep sure is
this did not just come out nope this is
not a literally and brand-new game this
this certainly did not come out like a
week ago great I feel lost I mean I
didn't kill it that's all right
rich what was your worst job this
workers place called red letter media
uh-huh and they did all kinds of
horrible things to me yeah on camera
they filmed it even and they would like
post it for the public to see
oh god this one time they forced me to
masturbate a Star Wars droid oh and then
they put it on the internet for everyone
to see yeah that sounds terrible so now
this that was the worst job I ever had
okay that pizza
you can't hear Jay probably probably
because Jay is not talking Jay Jay is
working right now I thought you were
gonna stop it yeah but then you said why
is that so funny and ruin days Mike the
same room but I'm doing painstaking
thanks work Jay's microphone is turned
down he's working oh so hologram ik
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it they can't hear the music
okay I mean the music is not on right
now there's no music playing why isn't
theirs no good there's no music right
now they like the music there's no
there's no music in the game right now
oh my god the gate with the game started
again apparently oh now the music is
starting why did the game start again
it's fine it's just just weird
this is a little different he plays
different people I guess how is this
different the first game there were
there were like fuck clear areas as far
as like when when the game wasn't like
when the little story into a der
interludes were he played his one
character the first one seemed a little
stranger maybe just because we hadn't
seen anything like this before you know
what I have to say about that what
couple bottoms thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it
just a couple of songwriters thank you
for subscribing we've really appreciated
three months in a row
that's when Jay mentioned bill Paxson
being shittin aliens I fully tented okto
Jay bill paxton was awesome and aliens
and J is simply wrong he's supposed to
be I love it when he says game over man
game over except for you you just love
your depressing movies sure depressing
yeah
yeah yeah yeah I'm not I'm not digging
like how much space I get for like an
instance just like that where like
there's just a guy off camera and you
shoot bill paxton will always be
remembered for aliens always that's his
role he will be remembered for a let's
check yeah Chet was great weird science
is great he will be remembered for
aliens it's not gonna be twister and say
that uh I should be fuckin twister man
you should see twister should i yes
I haven't either 100 I haven't I have no
planet ever seen twister how to
resentence a twister just as a cultural
timepiece huh for a cultural timepiece
many people culture sucks culture does
suck culture me if culture means you
have to watch twister yeah culture sucks
yes bill paxton has been good at other
things
he's even been in movies that were
bigger Titanic made more money than
aliens but he will be remembered for
aliens that's his that's his destiny
that's his fate
that's his epitaph yes when he dies it's
Knievel Paxson gay guy who said game
over in aliens is dead
bill paxton game over man cuz I'm stupid
say I wasn't thinking of joke at that
point I was thinking of analogy I'm
thinking of point right
and he you know people obviously they'll
remember the other things he did but the
most prominent one the first thing they
bring up in his epitaph is going to be
aliens oh yeah 100% and I mean unless he
does something else yeah in between now
and the time he dies right well doc I
didn't think I needed to say that I
thought it was kind of obvious but okay
fuck walk on you dingus Jack shut up one
I don't need to lock on because I'm not
dying because I'm not locking on to the
lock on is awkward
and I've really disliked locking up
feels wrong what is that what is this my
hand right now I know just a gun yeah no
no you could totally shoot that walking
the room and shoot this guy's dick dick
punch yeah look at that other guy is
another guy is he deaf yes
are you are you shooting up a school
where they teach people will sign
language
oh it's yes you know if you're gonna go
on a killing rampage uh-huh
do it at the School for the Deaf this
you'll probably get more kills that guy
it's true it's true
I'm good at things a gigolo I'm not sure
if that's a pun or not but he says sound
advice I hope that was intended as a pun
because it's great if not get your shit
together he's a gigolo door has heard
people say go like this oh you know
somebody with a door and then get shot
that's I do this I'm pretty good at this
damn that's why I know
Oh
okay all right
it's basically says Jack is online at
this game yeah it's right I'll take all
right yeah
that's great it falls back on the blood
spurts out of yeah that's great yeah
shit shit Ron yep
Oh only what you barged through the door
obviously he heard that because they
don't hear - shotgun blasts hey here are
you barging through that door yeah yeah
yeah you know with their rapid reaction
times and I could see where strategy is
just a huge part of this game and it
takes away from being just like a
twin-stick shooter yeah I think
something else yeah you do you really do
have to pay attention to guard movement
and and whatnot and it is slightly like
the way the guards move is slightly
randomized and their placement is not
always the same and so you do definitely
need to pay attention to your
surroundings Wilkins the clown thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we do two months in a row oh
oh the door didn't get him you dick you
dick game dick dick
what the fuck
quince Omni AK thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it it's true seven
months in a row doesn't work it doesn't
work
I tried Jack I tried she's not trying
are different sick dick
shit chip come on
I threw a knife at him
how do you feel about the Batgirl cover
controversy sure is a controversy you
familiar with it all I am it seems like
a scary cover because the Joker is a
scary villain sure I'm okay with it
actually
you're okay with her cover yeah yeah you
know I think my biggest issue with it is
the dramatic tone difference between the
cover and the comic itself
I haven't read the comic itself so I
can't speak on that new Batgirl is a
little lighter but about a little
history though that bad girl has what
the Joker the Joker is the one nonpolar
not in that comic book that you're
talking about continuity from a
different universe so people don't care
about that
Batgirl this new Batgirl has a lighter
tone to it
okay Allah skews a little younger
audience it's like it the cover itself
doesn't bother me but it's this is this
is my problem with it is it's Oh Maj
Inge a killing game right The Killing
Joke The Killing Joke thank you it's
amazing
The Killing Joke yeah which has nothing
to do with this Batman universe and so
it's just like tonally it doesn't make
sense
which is why and and here's the context
those two jokers 75th anniversary sure
sure
but and that was one of the major points
of the Joker's history the crippling the
Batgirl The Killing Joke that was one of
the major juncker moments yeah but it
doesn't happen in this common gun
okay and so that stark tonal difference
is why the artists asked DC to pull the
comma do you compass okay okay which by
the way is I think a big part of the
controversy that people aren't paying
attention to is the artists ass what it
was did he think he was drawing it for
something else or do you not know what
was going on it was a commission like
like DC asked for the cover I don't know
if he knew it was going on that issue
but
this is this is a nod to me to me it's a
non-issue the issue is a non-issue
so I don't know I don't read bad girl so
I don't care that much but but I do know
that this book okay somehow you're alive
it seemed like some stupid thing you did
that was 100 percent something stupid I
did this book takes a lighter tone and
the readership skews a little younger
and so to me it's like it was just a
misstep on DC's part kind of like paying
fanservice to a group of people that no
longer read the book you know oh look
yeah you can spit the clothes back but
that's to me that's the only controversy
is it offensive is it offensive yes no
okay
I don't think okay I don't either the
Joker is a scary villain yeah yes the
Joker's a scary girl
my big question is duh in that book does
the Joker kidnap Batgirl no idea no idea
if he kidnaps Batgirl then it's a
perfectly appropriate cover I don't
think it's inappropriate but again I
don't care mm-hm
I just think tonally it doesn't make
sense
oh I'm a detective really
apparently go to which guy this guy okay
well this is all just a movie it's all
Ono I think I'm in a different really
I don't know like also it doesn't matter
here here's the other really important
part of the conversation from a from a
capitalist standpoint it does not matter
whether or not rich or I are offended
you know wonder why we don't buy them so
here's the thing DC should not listen to
rich and I on whether or not were friend
and you know who they should listen to
the people that buy their book and if
the people that buy that book say
they're offended then absolutely listen
to them because those are your customers
right cuz my I saw the image a my first
reaction yeah
oh that's a great cover that's a great
issue that would entice me to buy the
comic to find out what happens
how does Batgirl get out of this she's
she's facing down you know the memories
are the one of the worst things that's
happened to her the worst thing that's
ever happened to her but not in that I
don't I don't I don't know how they've
erase history what you see him they're
there that nobody changes every fucking
week I don't know so did you buy it no
oh I guess it doesn't matter so that's
that's the real thing but but I do think
that it's important for DC to listen to
their fan base and if their fans are
saying they're offended by that they
should listen to that because that's a
good business
and are you sure that you've raced that
I know like DC's continuity is just like
like ever did they actually erase The
Killing Joke it was Barbara Gordon now
no longer ever crippled yeah was she
crippled ding got better or this bad
girl I want to say this is like new 52
bad girl this is Gordon right yeah still
Barbara Gordon but completely new
universe that's why I can never read DC
yeah well you're right the only opinion
that well no no there are two opinions
that matter Tobin the guid Tobin the
gnome says the only opinion that should
matter is the artist that creates the
work no because he created it as a
commission for DC so so his work should
matter and he wanted the cover removed
so boom and - DC paid for it so their
opinion matters - and they wanted it
removed so that's all that matters then
I mean you could you could replace you
can replace Batgirl with Robin mm-hmm
would it make a difference I've been
also murdered by the Joker
oh sure you know the only the I was
reading up on the controversy
surrounding it the only thing that if I
were to say like something something
didn't offend me about it but there is
something that you can point to that's a
little bit sexist which is you know the
for anyone who hasn't seen the cover I
mean I'm pretty ballsy she's got a - she
has it she's crying she's she's afraid
for herself and that's not necessarily
heroic and so like if you look at
similar covers of Batman or Robin that
are tied up by the Joker right they're
always like they look tough they're
grimacing they're like trying to escape
and so then there's a difference in how
they're your hero is portrayed one as
vigilant and the other as beep I think
it's different within the context of
what happened to that character because
of the Joker though if it happened to
her at all
I don't care about that right now I'm
this is what I'm saying oh this is what
I'm saying is I care about the image in
general not how it relates to that
specific issue in this current this
current continuity until next month's no
nor no 82 we were just saying that
because you could you could do that
cover you could do with Robin and you
can still have the tear and it would
still work it would still be a great
cover oh sure
but and I wouldn't find anything
offensive the body no no but they did
they didn't do her thrive in the end we
were just saying that context is what
matters right and so the context of
knowing what universe is said I think
it's important and again it doesn't
matter we don't buy the book but I don't
think people are offended because of the
context of the book I think people are
offended just because of what the image
is they're not offended because well
this Barbara Gordon's different Barbara
Gordon that's not what the controversy
is explain more people aren't upset
because this Barbara Gordon wasn't
crippled by the Joker they're not upset
about bathrooms they're upset about the
image in general that there's a woman
who was in a helpless position because
of the scary monster the scary villain
right no I don't I don't think so I
think I think they're upset because in
general what are once again in comics a
woman is being portrayed as weak in lieu
instead of a man who would be being
portrayed as heroic I believe that's the
country that's how I read the
controversy at least and oh my god
pardon
and in that case I agree it's it's
they're portraying a woman is weakened
in a similar situation they would
portray a male hero as aa tough on a
cover I don't know about that because
the classic thing to do with covers is
to bait you into buying it to hook you
with the drama they might they want you
to fear for the hero's life so you buy
the issue I think I think they would
paid a hero in a kind of helpless kind
of vulnerable situation for cover
they might just because they want to
entice you to buy to see what happens in
the in the examples that I've seen side
bus you know like examples of Batman
being tied up for example or Robin being
tied up right there they're not they
could but they just haven't been
efficiency level maximum thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciated so
I think you know like I said really the
important thing is that our opinions
don't matter because we don't buy these
comic books and you have to remember
that DC is a business and so they should
listen to their customers and if their
customers the people who buy Batgirl
comic books are telling them that they
don't like that cover they should listen
to them
because that's smart business look at he
does a little dance he's glad he shot
you hey guy okay so by the way these I
believe hourglass with two votes to
surprise the Joker's not even in the
issue oh that's weird then well then
fuck then that's baiting right then that
is pure like like emotionally like I
said it's its 75th anniversary the Joker
I guess this month a bad month or
whatever it was sure so that might have
been on the he might have been on the
cover of every issue for all I know but
then so then they're exploiting there so
then they're exploiting this thing you
know about Batgirl and the Joker to sell
the issue so that's 100% sexist and
exploitative and it was a it's a variant
cover it wasn't the main cover please
please talk about the game jack is dying
a lot some of the variant cover it's a
very good cover it's a variant cover and
oh if Joker's not even in the fucking
issue Jesus Christ yeah then it's
inappropriate then it's a hundred
percent inappropriate then it then it
totally does not match with the book I'm
just gonna be over here I guess stop
doing stupid things
no never so then it totally does not
match with the book it features
something that doesn't happen in the
book and it causes their customers to be
upset several reasons not to have that
cover
are you through machine gun shit I was
on both
oh well that's acceptable you should
know by now they can hear those doors
once they've been somewhat alert him you
should just be learning some things that
happen nope that's not gonna happen
he was brain Oh brain make knowledge
knowledge brain I just picked up a bomb
I threw my machine gun to pick up a
bottle that's not stupid okay is that
all the bad girl controversy to carry
stuff yeah great great it seems pretty
dumb yeah people are dumb other people
are dumb no I I heard everything I know
I was trying to find an equally funny
way to some eyes but fuck it whatever
controversy can we talk about how about
that Hiroshima bombing jesus H Christ
Jesus H J for the win I'm doing
painstaking color correction yeah sure
you should be J looks great because
because you asked nicely I'm gonna say
hello to your friend Giovanni
hello Giovanni my obligations are now
done yeah
my favorite is hitting people with a
fucking pipe fucking brain in them brain
brain brain brain brain brain
yeah I will not ask J which movies he'd
like to do a commentary for because J is
working
jeg would love to do a commentary for
The Smurfs movie the first two also
Alvin and the Chipmunks Brian Squeakquel
Squeakquel cars I mean Jason Lee he's
everywhere
if I ever were you know to be in the bar
at sequel I'd hear about that
oh god really I should like Boris
I love Mallrats we don't like a certain
filmmaker anymore you know I don't like
him I can't say I like tusk I want to
hate his movies so bad but I still still
once in a while make something that I
enjoy sure
I know you do like tests that's weird
but you said you liked it because it's
bad it's it's just it's fascinating yeah
it's an interesting movie so I don't
know if we can count that it's like a
like crap involved in it it's not
complete crap all right
I am exporting this yeah yeah yeah good
work Jay thank you you did good work
today
yeah brain brain drink my one beer and
go home brain I'm hitting people in the
brain break open will you work I just
ran
this is great yeah he's waiting people
coming and you hit him in the brain but
then there's people like why is this
compared to drive the first one the
soundtrack is very synthetic okay and
the first one has
a kind of an esoteric plot with sharp
stings of ultraviolence so very very
similar
I just watched drive I didn't you know
and I made a discovery I hope you saw us
on Twitter I may be the only one to ever
notice this oh there's a scene have you
seen it drive yeah yes there's the scene
where the driver is wearing the stunt
mask and he looks in the window or looks
in the doorway of the the restaurant
yeah and he sees ron perlman around
Pearlman's like laughing in slow motion
the woman standing next to him oh yes
okay I'm convinced it is this b-movie
actor of slurring landon from the Maniac
Cop uh-huh
because I know a Nicholas one Dean ruff
in his fan of me comfortably in fact
he's in talks or has some interest in
remaking Maniac Cop which is so
different than everything else he's done
but I convinced that's her and I can't
find any information online to back this
up other than some people send you some
links to like on Amazon it has both
those movies elicits us for being in it
nothing on Internet Movie Database
nothing anywhere it's definitely heard
what's that the first half of the bag
drive let's drive angry
oh very civilly we did drive in an
earlier like your review isn't good or I
don't I don't I don't remember a review
means currently good do you mean do you
mean that the actual review wasn't good
are you were not positive no we gave it
a positive review but just that we
didn't bring up a whole lot of what
makes the movie your refusal Julie
review isn't it yeah it was not a great
it seems work is just lure them in and
then hit them with a pipe that's a great
plan thank you I don't like using guns
it's way more satisfying hitting people
with a pipe watches they come in I go
pipe oh so what are these people got it
I don't know I don't know in the first
game you would get a phone call in your
place and the phone call would be like
your pizza's ready come and pick up your
pizza and you have to kill everyone in a
pizza store you'd be like Mario's
babysitting service well the plot was
just you're crazy well you were kind of
like you were a hired killer there was
like an underground network thingy okay
I thought you were just insane I mean
kind of there was there was a there was
a there was no real plot just because
you're doing worse you know much much
worse
I feel like I am if that helps brain
bring come here come into my room so I
can hit you with my pipe great
so he says Jack you got a phone call at
the start of this level you were too
busy talking about comics and didn't
read the notice that that really
possible
not only how much you don't read to read
you notice that whatever to notice yeah
shut up what a thing thing thing happen
we didn't see this talking girl were see
we were talking about controversial her
she can't you Hershey's candy bar the
worst candy bar ever or the best that
was a bad joke and I know it baby seal
flavored baby seal flavored that's funny
that's funny cuz baby seals are
delicious ah crap did you do did you
break the render crap
I didn't yeah I only had a small portion
of the timeline
what the fuck what the fuck deed creep
mobile thank you for subscribing does
wondering why I was going so quick ah
think this doesn't seem right
yay stop people they're gonna do it jack
you're gonna do it I'm gonna use a gun
for this last predictable didn't you do
the walk on could you found the lock on
the proper way you could have done that
though and I want to work either that or
we could switch to the ori forest from
the Ori forest of the Ori yeah yeah
Elizabeth's which game we got to find
good co-operators Jack
I agree good co-op games do I need to
kill him apparently you did great I did
it then you have to leave - then you
have to leave - and like in the first
game and I can only seen this'll happen
later like in the first game like the
cops would be called so then you'd have
to like break out okay sometimes you
have to break out without killing anyone
or without using a gun holy shit he did
it this is John be a 20
I did I did I owe them a b-minus - it's
pretty good using using non guns is a
lot more satisfying in this game non
guns and this is it
you're welcome what can I help you with
are there to go to where a guy you think
particular in mind the cheeseburger
iwato Duke C double cheeseburger right
here my shelter
okay sure let me see here right how does
next Friday 2:00 p.m. sound Friday what
do you mean you can't do it now it has
to be today
today's a special occasion I'm
celebrating sorry boss can't help you
we're all booked up for days oh is that
so what car business whatever you see
was you kill everybody know me Oh like
the 8-bit static didn't just use regular
statically 8-bit steady
you know I saw what you see early the
trailer for pixels
he's ripping off Futurama that's like
blatantly a an episode of Futurama video
games attacking yes it's a it's a
intellectual property based on a short
they're even using the same games that
they used by drama it's based off of a
short it's based on short though 2010 I
looked it up I'm not sure the the short
it was the short was basically like a
tech demo someone might put together for
their real oh yeah where it's it's you
know real footage and then they comped
it all of the little pixel people it's
really beautiful they're called pixels
by the way hey mix it up pixels is an
Adam Sandler movie where videogames
invade the earth yes and it's based off
of this short viral video but the point
of that short video is like a like an
effect showcase basically right that's
what it looks like it was not intended
to be a story that should be expanded on
you know the Futurama EPSA cording to
the chat the Futurama episode us from
2003 or so sure mm Sam there's another
movie out right now called the cobbler
that's supposed to be terrible and I'm
interested because it's from the guy who
directed the station agents have you
ever seen that Peter Dinklage no driven
dramas and now he's doing this Adam
Sandler the cobbler as in like like shoe
guy like this elves come in and fix
issues for no he runs the shop Reid you
know takes care of shoes yeah and he
gets like magic shoes or no not magic
shoes but like if he wear some sort of
magical power where if he wears
somebody's shoes he looks like that
person and in the trailer he uses that
to try and like sleep with some dudes
wife which is horrible it just looks
terrible what yeah and I'm really
disappointed because that directors a
good filmmaker the station agents a
really good movie this is crazytown
i kid i
have said what do you get what are you
getting - man what do you can't do about
Adam salmon no murder is bad even when
it's Adam Sandler
even when it's Adam Sandler murder is
bad
always murder I think we're gonna have
to agree to disagree on the topic of
murder
oh my lady left her bathtub
what
manly San Li says it's only murder if
the one being killed has a soul I don't
know if that's true it's true with
vampires that your native Sandler has
played a vampire there you go
so you're that is a legal loophole
because Adam Sandler played a vampire I
think it's the challenge
Omni remixes jack is not finishing this
level oh that's challenge are you gonna
let that stand
are you
this guy who's a can can't shoot through
the bars I have a nightstick
okay getting out of a police station
I should probably get good know his guns
will just alert if you if you say so
and now that doors open and there's a
lot of cops in there three cops I would
not walk by that door yes video game
it's storming it's storming out no it's
okay
you timed every hit with the Thunder and
I'll hit fuckin Shawshank say that was
like three thunder strikes in a row
neither wine Antony hit them all Thunder
strikes sure you don't know I got a neck
stick man what do you need a gun for
I got a neck stick there's a guard on
the way here right now
that's good what you go around yeah well
what do you
you can probably sneak up on from going
around then under shotgun you be the
shooter sure sure but what fun would
that be I got a fucking nightstick what
fun would be life Jay why isn't he
warning the other guys oh there sure
seems to be a bloody mess over here hey
shockingly you're shocking me you guys
have to understand that I actually am
good at video games they don't believe
that no they never whether or not it's
true they don't believe that for a
second
hot hot dog so who was saying I was I
wasn't gonna do them but and I did that
I'm a first time I first go oh I guess
there's more
shit now I probably should have gotten a
gun could you have grabbed one from one
of the many guards I killed yeah it
would get me it would carry over okay oh
god what's the fucking oh yeah our
Terminator loose there's a terminator
America hit big doing flips and shit he
had two guns
do-do-do-do-do-do
it's my fucking I love my uh he takes
cover and everything don't know if it's
I think that's the super cop you mean
there's like a SWAT cop this is just
like everyone jump he's not wrong huh
he's not wrong yes I wasn't thinking
how's my problem hey come here hey come
here what this guy
yeah blood you murderous Kermit the Frog
hey piggy I think I'm going to bludgeon
you to death
I didn't mean lots of Miss Piggy's I
beat the super cop couldn't be away Here
I am wearing a pig mask
don't have your chance I just like doing
things the way I didn't before
oh okay I beat him through the wall
probably not supposed to oh yes yeah
that was his head cut off oh and the
head one flying watch out
how do you drive that gun
fuck yeah I prefer I prefer these would
you're an odd man why it's it's way more
fun playing the game with with bludgeon
weapons it's way more satisfying except
for when dealing with super cop or see
you know like everything ruins
everything else you know I need a
shotgun for one super cop come back
hey-oh
I was right on top of them whiskey
Ranger says he likes melee weapons - Gus
it's too hard to aim with a controller
what what do you Pizza train 11 says
what do you do when your neighbor
decides 10:00 p.m. at night is a good
idea to start hammering the shit out of
their wall here's what you do right
you turn the speaker up on your computer
all the way up uh-huh and then you play
the red letter media watches Resident
Evil video I don't know that might be
too diabolical
I gotta stare at the wall that's
whatever there's a really interesting
poster proper proper safety practices oh
he remembers them always swap a ladder a
safe spot the secure okay okay I in
tropical thing I was fidgeting because I
constantly fidget with things triple
kill
you'll kill triple kill
do do do do it for super got to come
back now to kill me some super
confidence good students to do
this whole spinal column came out that
time yes
Oh Oh my gun throw didn't work I was
throwing my gun at it hopes that they
think he used all your skill in the last
four I got lucky I got lucky
so we're saying Jane needs to play this
many capital letters so it's important
what do you think Jay what do you need
to play this that's fine but I've been
staring at the screen all day yeah
particularly want to concentrate on
another screen
it does look like God maybe I'll play
now I know I got a deal with those guys
before super cop - he's game these games
are like puzzles well it's like you have
to figure out is to figure out the
proper order in which to do things
losing the mojo a bit
hello fine fuck it you know what fuck
you super cow I'll just wait about that
alright wait and first you forgot
it's like a bottle of pills or something
that says hey this right here yeah
that's his head
yeah that's awesome you guy that never
comes out of the door you decide to
fucking come out of your door fuck you
it's the thing you ripped off the top of
his body from where his head used to be
I'll fucking take it yeah the purple
things is cap let's try a different Oh
but why are you killing all these cops
oh there's no story I mean I was in jail
I wasn't paying attention
yeah they did arrest me okay I am
wondering if you wouldn't like manhunt
oh yeah yeah it's gritty like this
gritty
oh fuck you guy didn't see cheap cheap
VHS tape as a running theme throughout
the game oh yeah yeah
like whenever you whenever you execute
somebody it's it's shown from the point
of view of a VHS camera that's hidden
somewhere
what you do it's really upsetting that
you can't take his guns
I don't know I think the shotguns better
well the world an empty though really
get six balls yeah
wow that that long-range projectile
weapon was really effective just
significantly less fun that's the real
thing you know it is fun know what not
constantly dying having to start the
level over sure I think I just killed
the whole bowl no real people probably
need to go
yes
can you not shoot that window now you
can ask you guys I have to get that door
doesn't open
is that even a suit doesn't have oh hey
this is our own super confidence keys
get her
that was the movie okay I don't know
about this movie thing yeah
also not feeling that definitely like
I'm not feeling this game as much as the
original the original like I definitely
locked on with more well it's different
it looks pretty much the same to me it
looks the same it feels different in
what way that's the this is the problem
that's that's a terrible it's what they
should know I'm going to try to
articulate I thought about it for a
second I don't know maybe like it could
simply be that the first game there was
nothing like this and so like that
freshness made it a little more exciting
but because it looks so similar to
bullshit some soup bullshit I'm saying
perhaps I don't know this is this is
similar to your I don't like early
access game because the hype dies down
argument that's the mechanics feel the
same speed the same aim the same no you
know what I do you this is a real fun
runs seem bigger zombie locusts thank
you for subscribing we very much
appreciated the rooms feel bigger and so
there's a lot more you know what there's
there's a lot more need for guns and the
first one you could clear whole levels
with just your fists and so I think that
takes away some of the
intensity yeah what the fuck what the
fuck ooh 3 R K 0 r 3 oh thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
two months in a row I know I know that
was hacks or speech but I don't give a
shit you use you type of numbers as part
of your name you shouldn't be so rich
that's we're skipping all this
we were skipping all the story
I was probably supposed to go outside of
course you're skipping a story I don't
care what story I mean for now yeah I
made everybody in the last stream watch
cutscene four times what why would you
do that
watch the twice in the beginning uh cuz
one one time I was playing it was just
the part of the games like Idol screen I
didn't know when I started the game and
started playing you know as part of
beginning again but it's not because you
know why not here's my penance by the
way for kids skipping the cutscene we're
gonna kill her what to do god dammit
what do I do
what can you do nothing well obviously
you can't do anything in here with them
can you do anything I'll get used to the
phone what's around the corner
oh that doesn't look like an exit
whatever
oh yeah
you'll get visits right you should give
this a try it i I mean I will give it a
try lawyers it's like I'm gonna have to
set this up for like a mouse and
keyboard and I'm gonna water I'm gonna
want a Rica jigger with the keys Lulla
straight to already in the magic force
yeah a little real magic for us oh my
god I wasn't I didn't even know I was
supposed to do that now trying to revive
him that's funny no let him die
what
I don't think they're trying to kill you
they are now they weren't before maybe
you're supposed to walk in you're all
right there so you need an invitation to
get him I don't think so no you have to
maybe you hit him and then you don't it
didn't seem like there were a hurry to
kill you sure if I danced kill many
tries to resuscitate him oh my god what
did i do man
oh no no let him die no die no die
fucking Billy you try resuscitator yeah
when I say fuck that let me die and I'm
totally right by the way you told me you
see Peter off I got punched by a d-stick
alright
I tried punching the statue killed skip
think you just knock him down and walk
in do you have to kill him I mean you
probably have to kill him listen I want
to kill him
this is the game the game is he killed
people
hey everyone I'm the Chad thinks you've
broken me Chad thinks I've broken the
game yeah what do you mean it's a glitch
that happens here punching the statue
oh this - no I think I've punched the
statue in one of the see look the guards
do slowly try to kill me
so yeah I can't get out okay okay I have
to go we're just fine that's the other
thing like in the other game you know
you there's one character that you play
as and so you kind of get drawn into the
madness of the story there's you're 18
different people this year is so far
I've been a different person every
chapter
that seems annoying oh look that this
time I said something all right so what
was going on earlier was basically a
glitch yeah okay
kill
why not killing it why those guys had
guns up there some topic
what
they did I'm not supposed to use that
I'm not supposed to you can I pick up
anything that you had a bat earlier yeah
weird you're back oh oh oh this is
I think you're supposed to use that only
now
if you found the the area where you're
supposed to only use melee oh yeah they
don't want you killing people okay dick
dick dick dick dick dick Oh dick what
fuck fuck these long hallways Hey
do you get a lot more female attention
in Milwaukee now that you're well-known
I'm engaged and Jack is buried this so
no my wife pays me the exact same amount
of attention which is none hey how's it
going I see you have a vet too that's
cool I got hung up on the stairs was she
patch thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
four months in a row why she sounds
globes I think all this pixelated
violence is giving me a headache just
waiting to the new Adam Sandler movie
pixels there's nothing you can do to
distract them
it's like you have to be on the up on
the same level so they have to climb all
the stairs but I want to make sure I had
I wanted to make sure I had a good exit
path so that's why I have a bit of a
span I'm okay with that
this guy is swings the bat a little
slower really yeah that seems annoying
well I think like that's that his whole
thing is like I don't want to hurt
anybody man
okay I was obviously going to come with
a gun nothing strange going on here
too many dudes close the dolphin I'll
lure them in I just use that door yeah
just use that it's fine
I'm gonna take a break after this
okay
I think that's it one over here
I just gotta find Pete or
what's-his-face yeah sure
what's-his-face Mick that guy yep he's
in there yeah okay shit
apparently this guy doesn't throw that
area where are you or you owe him you'd
be truth and writing a book about the
mess mask made a mess Mindy ugh I don't
think I think Berto told me I could talk
to you about it we're both Russian
detective Bartle told you that he's a
friend of yours and you do him that who
you did you do that guy that's not
Russian
oh you that's right sir yeah it's not a
very good now I lost my Russian voice
now I lost my Russian voice Jack oh no
the knife is the night is ruined
that's a very good friend I take it
sending you here of all places
no I reckon you're right about that sir
this book you're fighting it must be
very important to you
missing your life to come talk to me you
sure got balls don't what is it you want
to know you get two questions then
you'll get the fuck out of here all
right
the police claims the mass murders were
part of a vigilante movement are you of
the same opinion no I don't think they
were vigilantes they were much too
organized they know our exact locations
and that insight into our inner workings
I don't know what they were a part of
but there's no group of vigilantes why
do you think they targeted the Russian
mafia specifically
Dennis Hopper yeah right now
what were the after you gotta throw in
some unnecessary man's what were they
after me and I cannot tell you that but
they I can't tell you what they were
after but they effectively destroyed our
whole organization and then they were
done gone they knew what they were doing
and this seemed to be trained very well
we got a couple of them a wife try to
break them
none of them talked not a single one all
right no more questions
get the hell out of my sight aah break
your window man like sorry about ya
just send me the bill I'll go over here
sorry about killing you DJ me and what
Samantha well well yeah that guy Pete
Rove he wouldn't see me almost got
beaten up just trying to get in there
yeah and sometimes they wonder why I
hang out with you when did you become
such a douchebag
didn't tell you to write about them
Miami where later instead didn't deny
much more sophisticated Ches really I
guess no you wouldn't
I've been finished my line but was blind
line oh I'm the cop now yeah we for me
almost over
my sickness okay I'm done playing yeah
take a break take a break good mutters
engine brake well I got most mouths over
to the program work on my clicking on
where's my mouse yeah yeah Brett your
mouse though we're not streaming I could
I cut I cut the stream we're not we're
done we're completely done we're gonna
say what we want Jay both shots look
very nice thank you jack
