We figure out HAND OF FATE (Part 2)
February 22, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CjacgyjXgh8

but like I can get rid of is it weird to
have a single player deck-building Game
income maybe
maybe I don't know maybe it's just never
existed before because i don't know
maybe some deck building games are
single player I don't know that meant I
really don't either swim talking to you
about masking you yeah you're the one
who owns munchkin as I've ever gotten to
playing a car dick dick building it uh I
own I own three versions of much good
it's one of fun to play with you a
couple times so it's a great game and
you know it's that munchkin is a great
game for people who aren't necessarily
board game people and Lisa and I love
board games so much that like I probably
want to get rid of mr. Lionel because I
have my shield now or does it start over
I don't know I don't know I don't know
either also chad regarding dr.
mayonnaise next next best of the worst
next best of the worst yes
don't build it up too much just just a
reference to something that will
probably come up in the next best of the
worst yes treasure chests we want that
in there and helpful priest we want that
in it okay okay okay great great oh
great great great I can't allow that no
please yeah chad is saying it starts
over with no shield it starts over with
no shit okay good i left mr. Logan
so I can only assume like i'll probably
get a weapon
I've added some cars is to spice up the
game in addition to the pain and next
best of the worst probably won't allow
bless you out for a couple days because
we just put out three Russian steppes
Italy and and tell agon i'm still not
falling for your bingo trap still not
falling for it that question was
answered in the last street maybe it's
the stream before that either way we
talked about that before thank you ok ok
I guess oh so now that now this is a new
level basically right so I just start
off with a rusty axe and light armor ok
that's all I said look 10 food you look
terrible do I look like kind of a sickly
biker maybe that's what I was maybe
that's why I died I died of dysentery
riding my bike read my hog his urn you
don't know all right let's see we get
here Oh maze of traps that's a great
card to get right away because I don't
fight any monsters hopefully it's the
same maze still not following for it
just made my bingo list ok you guys
planning on doing a commentary track for
space kappa most likely i mean it's an
excellent i can only edit of the movie
first that's not rough
but saba one of the end we we talked
about like and I believe Jay said that
like they're doing like a blu-ray nice
blu-ray I can only imagine it will be
chock-full of special features choc
combat my paper hope this little section
man seems kind of blah the section with
spikes would it mean the exact same
layout as less clothes yeah okay okay
and so like my reward won't be that
great because I know it and so I can
only imagine like i'll get another yeah
the ring to a different type that is my
memory section yeah i can only i can
only hope let's see what I got I get
free game cards some gold ooooh an
equipment card peasants weapon alright
and I have two questions uh how long a
spacecraft taken and how long till space
cop to to give out I can answer I can
answer both at once space cop 2 will be
out before space cop 1
that's yes it is it is taking too long
like that I think I think the mistake at
least not you know least as far as time
goes taking someone was something that
requires a lot of set building going on
you know you know yeah who I encountered
the maiden I'm gonna ask for supplies
I'm sure you a great fulfill I some food
and nice and some more food great great
it's good card to get
back by this card deepa to wall jolliffe
oh no I don't want to leave yet I don't
want to leave yet turn back I want to
explore more it's oh come here we go now
snubs gonna answer question but you have
something to say about the game and this
is a gaming stream so what's going on ok
so I'm at twisted Canyon and twisted
Canyon is uh I have a three out of four
chance to get a new weapon okay I'm
gonna go okay I'm gonna go get a for
spring it hi already I got a better
weapon already know I failed Damon I
don't want to fail who won one health
pound card oh dear I lose 10 I'll help a
lot that's oh but I still get that
weapon card by the way oh it's just a
dumb sword I don't want the sword
because I have an axe already alright
yeah that wasn't worth it ok the time so
I'm saying is this space cop technically
every maker isn't isn't space cop and
technically a remake and not really you
know we only did like a handful of
scenes for the original original space
cop is more like a a second chance I
take to a birthday I've done I'm trying
to think of like a better example would
be like something like bottle rocket Wes
I understands first movie right the
movie that we know with with the the
Wilson brothers and James Caan is a
bigger version of the short film that
they made also call bottle rocket the
same with something like Napoleon
Dynamite they made a short film and then
that got popular enough to say I'm
assuming the short was at least
decisions they'll face the original
original space was never as a trail
right there was never finishes we have
far to go as yet the handful of scenes
and everything started falling apart
absolutely I this I fell out of your
hand we play for a choker mu helpful
priest you meet a wandering priest who
greets you in a friendly manner for a
small for a small share of your
provisions I will bless you in the name
of the old guy like man was rich you
like I be like my old man voice oh good
I'm happy that you approve he looks like
a kindly old man there's a bird next to
his cup uh we have to give him half of
our food we have 11 find and he wants
half but he will bless us in the name of
the old gods and well you know this your
chance to find out alright let's do it
okay oh by the way either it'll be
successful or oh nice no failure here
it's successful oh that does sound like
old bein you're right yes I've old baby
you gotta put your hand over your mouth
and you do that oh yeah no it's not old
vain it's pretty nice that works okay he
says a few words in the language of the
Old Religion and gently touches your
forehead it is done draw one blessing
card blessings will remain always active
okay never removed unless okay of course
then your back will you because I things
will remain always active
headsman headman's blessing any kill
made using an axe grants the player 3
health and right now I have an axe
equipped that's awesome that's a great
card to have and I get a little token
nice turkey for that's great all right
that was definitely worth half my food
mr. Lionel yes oh no he's gonna ask for
food too oh no I'm gonna run out of food
whilst enjoy so here's mr. Lionel oh
damn it
ok
I only have four food left but if I give
him food i get a shield uh what do you
need the food for the food is like a
turn and I don't know what happens when
I run out of food well my done only
round of him this is an opportunity to
learn things I guess okay I'm gonna give
him though good off of my plate I guess
oh now I'm down to three okay and repose
I get a shield which I can test this you
need a shield I feel like you need a
shield earnest okay your provisions are
running low can you press on honey the
check keep saying ask him ask him ask
him what he needs to ask him Oh a smoke
well I think we figured it out if we
give him food we get a shield and I can
only assume if I give him gold will get
a weapon but knit next you know what
next time he comes up i will ask him
direct you're right okay the traveling
healer in a shady grove off the beaten
trail you find a traveling merchant
looking to trade with wandering
adventurers i I'll go here but i don't
think i need to know guys I met fill out
but okay so we'll see if he has food he
has much to offer you're right it's a
third option i will ask him I like that
Jack you can't eat your shit oh here we
go look yes I think that's funny okay i
can buy food from him so i'm going to
buy for you girls guy which is great
and i'm going to buy I'm gonna get a bit
like I would like to know what happens I
ran out of food I would like to know I
agree okay I'm not gonna find okay
because I think I think bad things
happen don't buy food here there might
be a mcdonald's at the next exit you
you're right Jax text all right here we
go what happens here what happens here
it's better than trudging hitch a ride
suddenly you have found a friendly
traveler willing to let you ride on his
wagon it's your ID great you're now it's
time to embark on the next level on
Ferdinand I had imagined perhaps you
will play beyond this mark and we will
see your true mettle all right yeah here
we go what the fuck indeed complain gun
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it two months in a row I
think I was weighing jukbang Oh goblins
being stout and meek goblins no they
cannot use strength or fear to survive
they rely on more mischievious methods
they steal from you when you're sleeping
or when you sleep and escape through
magical Porter's portals scavengers of
the earth tell tales of hidden vaults
near goblins were hobbling guides there
yeah okay okay is that steak I don't
know what this means chad is asking
she's saying please please do boys
fridge what what voice what voice isn't
your you were looking for I don't know
what to do they talk about what like my
my look that's a good one
uh one night you awaken to find your
belongings being rifled through by
goblins as soon as they notice you
stirring they've run away with a piece
of your equipment they have also stolen
some of your food and gold shit oh I
gotta get these goblins rich i got it
i'm not calling for it stir it stupid is
he did yeah I've done that I've done
that like five stream I what am i what
am i what am I don't have a cow man my
bart my 1990 bart simpson come on come
on they have to grow and evolve
I'm gonna kick it shit out of his behind
the boat and ago oh my god I'm murdering
these goblins I almost feel bad that I'm
murdering he's got one so bad got one
son of a bitch
oh I murdered those goblins I almost
feel bad Oh with the Goblin threat dealt
with you continue on your way the car
token is now yours okay great i did well
that was very reminiscent of you not
have a shield of art I do have a seat I
didn't see it on your arm at the end of
that goblin fight did the Goblin take
your shield or something oh oh my god I
hope you didn't take my shield okay I
have a shield it's here rich dude the
weird voice every voice I do is weird
i'm uncapable of normal
a terrifying walk oh no rock fall so
many potential places for an assailant
do you didn't pick up your gold did I
have to pick it up I think I'm okay and
I think I got my shield back because I
defeated all the goblins I mean I like I
just checked my equipment I have my
shield back and I don't know how much
gold they took or whatever okay while
journeying near the coast you hear a
rumble overhead falling rocks force you
to take cover oh Jesus Christ this is
gonna be terrible for cards one is
success to our failures and one oh my
god earlier and success yes I randomly
chose correctly you dodged the rocks by
ducking into a small cave a few minutes
later you emerge in clymer around of the
new rock fall you hear voice somewhere
above you say did you hit him oh fuck
you I'm gonna run up and attack the
bandits bandits pushed rocks on a jerk
to leave that shit the fucking band is
mule kick their asses just gonna fucking
kick their asses I got a shield and an
axe you have a fork look at these I
don't I I do have a Ford but I can't
like my work because i have my axe head
for bed kids
like bling behind cut things I've always
been more than I can rip oh real really
it's like names like I love bass absorbs
yeah yes give me a like really fucking
Excalibur type story sure
get there fuck you you know awesome
you'll notice when I play up orcs must
die I always take the sword yeah yeah I
always pick up a sword Oh takes up a
trap spot some people don't think it's
the most efficient weapon still I always
take the Thord you don't like for some
reason like and even like in fighting
games i always choose the big slow
strong guy I love the biggest little
strong guy just give me a thing that
crushes people that's all I want sword
and balance sword and balance fighter
practice and that's timing that's that's
the flavor of each game tax okay um as
pleased as you know I got a shield but I
don't need it because I already have a
shield just an oh I got medium armor
what do you expect me to say great
congratulations jack can you do your
best rich and Evans impression from
damage the best armor of calls them so
much oh yeah the answer is no yeah I
remember like I can't even do a good
what the fuck so so I know I think I
spend too much time with rich to do a
rich impression where you're like you're
so we hang out so often that you you've
gone be okay okay that's fair thing to
say I don't think I can do a jack
impression either so again the stones
tumble appalling there you go again did
the stones tumble upon me damn it I
gotta dodge the rocks again
jews from the exemptions and failure all
right I draw one paint a car okay Oh
lose 500 lose five max health points
yuck Mac just when you think Oh max max
helpful so like yeah I don't just lose
five health points I lose now I can okay
that's not survive help just when you
think it's over you are knocked
unconscious by a large rock striking you
unac striking your unprotected head a
good warrior always wears a helmet and
now I get two extra pain cards Oh lose
five gold and lose one food god damn it
urban vermin says i'm watching T&G; right
now which which star trek series should
i watch next which is a fine that's a
fine question to do after next gen no
I'm not listen I hate yourself care for
deep space no I don't series one of the
original series you didn't think of the
original series did you I didn't think
your items I think I think if you're
used to in jingles you might be you
might enjoy a ds9's more than the
original series we win this battle and
send the Queen's your rightful end cuz I
I like those the original cast
characters but as a series it's it's a
step down from Sanjay BIG's big step
down you'll gain new cards some you wish
you the ds9 will will feel familiar to
you a Voyager you'll you'll just sure
you'll just yell at the screen every
time the writing staff to something
stupid every every every time they miss
a golden opportunity every time they
waste the plot line every time they
don't fully utilize a character they
have you're gonna start screaming at the
screen and frustration
yeah so I think the order air is T&G;
then you do deep space nine then you do
the original series and then then maybe
attacking the original series is
definitely cheesy I don't I don't even
think of a time they had a great budget
oh god no they were the laughingstock I
mean there's there's a lot of convenient
time travel and civilizations that are
just like Old Earth to save on the
budget because they have to pay at the
props
oh yes
rich have you ever seen the insanely
weird Canadian sci-fi series Lex here's
the thing with Lex I've never seen the
series but I've seen the pilot when it
was called up it was tails with parallel
universe and I did love the pilot so I
never seen the seriousness i can't i
can't speak on that
yeah the main characters are space slut
a guy who's basically a reanimated
corpse and a coward
where's the nice genteel Wesley Crusher
was the original jar jar binks
absolutely never yeah absolutely so
often those who beat plowshare to sword
die by the hungry miss you think's
firstly this is rich oh she fought very
good and bravely very very good oh I
expect from my training event players I
might I think I like farscape more than
any of the star trek series save for the
next generation the symbols of my power
the next generations of my favorite
sci-fi ever so that show ranks number
one turning back now image previous next
gen unless I might put one farscape
right under that it is begun I cry yeah
each of real icons over the cool shot
yes I love those characters taking them
for me me and moments alright that's
Harry you know what that's fair
I receive a healer's ring and charity
I be the queen of dust by the way
time heals great and goblins goblins p
gotta get her target I can't I can't get
over the fact that the movies so dumb
the movie is so dumb yet I'm not gonna
lie I love it it's so dumb it's so dumb
where I know that they were crying or at
least I hope they weren't trying to be
smokers know right Stargate is the
perfect guy if you say so oh it's it's
just gone it's one hundred percent gone
oh the Bandit Queen it's who i be it
apparently my god i got them getting ton
of shit oh my god yes huge hammer come
please i want a huge yeah i like thou'rt
again I know you like fourth
I like big pressing with them do you
have what it takes to defeat the rat
work this also has an endless where do I
put b5 and Firefly Firefly i gotta say i
have specifically avoided it because it
was canned like before the first season
was even really over and I don't want to
invest the time in it to fall in love
with it only to have it go away right
instantly and it's worth it it's worth
it it's beto that's a pleasant look yes
said by somebody who's never really been
in love I'm sure I'm sure that's saying
I came from somebody who had no idea
what they were talking about here's
here's the truth about fire funny cuz I
loved fire fire fire flies great the
truth about it is it's so worth watching
even though you will be incredibly
disappointed when a patient's out of
episodes and the movie is lackluster but
man is it here's the clinch axy I wish I
honestly wish I never played any of the
mass effect cash I wish I never played
any of the Mass Effect game jack I would
rather I would rather ever get to never
have loved at all no no because but see
that's the thing you got scorn like yeah
big time beautiful time turn to shit I'm
if you like a firefly waited long enough
never turns to shit anti-scratch Leo
that sounds much better would you guys
would you rather would you rather have
your to true love died in your arms
right before you get married or would
you rather have her try to murder you
someday this thing tragically
I no no that's the thing like that's the
thing go where it's like you're your
true love either dies in your arms or
your true love turns out to be a total
bitch you know you want her you want it
to die while you still what is happening
Jack of plague I'm called for every oh
the rats think they have summed up the
dark places it worth the realm manatee
and now squat amongst your cities and
reached and freak and hunt and drive ok
I can ahead I can now add stuff to my
deck I'm gonna get rid of my I'm gonna
add the huge hammer just cuz I want that
fucking huge hammer in there we're gonna
add in armor of cold that sounds awesome
fleet cuffs like it gloves apparently
healers ring we're going to add that in
fleet cuffs cuz why not
I need one more thing in my deck here
one more thing have two shields already
maybe the armor cold just because can't
be better than any other armor worse or
whatever okay great oh man I love
building decks a lot oh man all this
stuff all this like
all this stuff that I would love to to
thumb through in a real deck of cards do
you feel that way I don't know how you
feel that like like books versus any
readers you know like i love i love
thumbing through stuff like this i would
love to have all these cars you know
just like flip them down as I think
about I'm fun with the e-reader yeah
yeah I'm fucking with you and I'm not
like I'll score in a book but i I've
used an e-reader and I've really enjoyed
the convenience of having something tiny
instead of a giant stack of books but
still something about flipping pages is
very very primal rich what do you think
of Peter Capaldi and Doctor Who with the
fuck expiry Capaldi
who's Peter Capaldi's that's what I
think that's what I think you're asking
a non doctor foo fan a doctor who quest
Oh is is Peter Capaldi the new who
capito Capaldi might be no new Doctor
Who yeah he's great it's grape
his best I'm sure he's a great guy i won
no maiden is nice she gives me things
twisted cannon gives me a weapon so now
so in it in a good deck-building Game
what you need to start doing as you
build up your deck is you need to get
rid of weaker car uh-huh right and so
like that that up what is it called the
maze of traps
um
it's easy and it gives me an it gives me
a grip not fun so I kind of wanted mr.
Grecco man 526 thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it it's true we do
really appreciate it like mr. Lionel I
we know will give us like a shield right
but I have to give up food and I might
get a shield like last time I got a
shield somewhere else you know so it's
like do I want to give that up for
possibly a better well you know what
will hold on to mr. Lionel for now just
to try that third option all right rich
Mike or gotta load of H does like to
rubble oh oh she's lying defeating why
would you start repeating I know then
swing episode hold on answer back answer
that car you need more wine hey rich
Mike or Joel uh neither there's here's
here's my official stance on mystery
science theater 3000 I think it's a fine
show I think it's a great concept but
when i watch old bad movies i would much
rather make my own jokes with mike or
jay and my friends rather than listen to
somebody else make jokes about bad
movies so a mystery science theater 3000
was always kind of redundant to me
because this kind of thing I already did
with my friends and we enjoyed it didn't
didn't need somebody else to make the
joke for me and now awkward silence oh
my god you're just just in time it was a
mystery it was a mystery science theater
3000 question like wish which hosted i
fer my answer was neither not not that I
hate the show just I'd rather make my
own jokes about the bad movie
yeah that was always my problem with
mystery science theater is like I wanted
them to shut up I could watch the movie
I'm sure they're fine jokes like and you
know I that's fine but I never got into
it because of them okay here we go the
maze of traps but that's okay rich we
did have our yeah and that's good I'm
really not trying to shit on mystery
science theater I'm really not oh god no
no I never had a reason to watch it
right I'm with you
ooh this looks like it might be a new
mais nao thoughts on Dark Crystal and
labyrinth I don't remember labyrinth
that well dark crystals kind of like a
flawed masterpiece I love like a lot of
the designs and that i love the puppets
story not so much he's gotta shake it
saying by the way that's the story thats
dark crystal we got we got a shovel
thing that that Rizzo some here's some
game talk why is this this time even
though I started the new level I keep
put both my shield did you get maybe
this is an advanced level in it they
just start you off with a shield basic
at this point I don't know I don't know
also i'm doing the the maze the the maze
of traps and whatnot and it's different
oh I'm also failing out
Shh I lost a good amount of health and
that maze it's a new maze so we'll get
three game cards get some gold it's nice
wigan equipment which is wealth the
healers ring must be for a happy life
whenever the player and receives healing
they also gain +1 gold no benefit if
they were already fully healed oh that's
perfect venom actually and another
equipment car the helm of refurbishing
one nonetheless upon reflecting a
projectile this helm creates a small
force explosion okay great great like I
have a helmet out with great shit you'll
look less like a sickly piker uh oh god
now I look like an awesome spaceman oh
wait you know what I look like I look
like the juggernut yeah that's a great
helmet oh maybe I'll need to see like I
look up okay you need armor with that
that looks really weird without armor it
looks kind of kind of retarded oh wait I
get upgrades what's in here is all you
have gained
no no I ok I don't know what that means
but ok that's fine great we're moving on
priests go the help side press yay I
have no truck with any of it we liked
him we have to give them half our food
though which is ok I'm going to be okay
with this half our food sure
because we do want to find out what
happens it's okay i get one blessing
card yes the heads been blessing iin
which means i heal if i kill someone I
assume regret rang out of food I i mean
i can only it might end the game oh my
god you know that Jack yeah classic
Battlestar Galactica or Buck Rogers
really Rogers Oh God cluster fuck right
well I guess it's the only Buck Rogers
really stupid show I mean just a really
stupid show huh but it Buck Rogers from
you know 400 years in the past is
somehow competent with space equipment
is his good old American know-how saves
day it shows retarded just retarded us
just just ridiculous enough to be
redeeming whereas classic Battlestar
didn't they just wasn't there with the
budget or with the technology that was
available the melodrama gradual isn't
there I know remade remade Battlestar is
it beautiful to have us one of those
ones where I heard the ending was weird
and I never bothered to get into it yeah
rich it was we're gonna have a
long-running story the ending is
important to me yeah it's important it's
a destination mode if they if they they
flop on the the one the one yard line I
don't want to see it they fuck it's like
you come over the last yard I don't want
to see it no they don't fumble at the
last year it's weird it's a little bit
of religion kind of religious nonsense
enriched with robot fuck that fucking Oh
watch battlestar site rip the readings
are great
you don't watch battlestar you don't
watch firefly what the fuck Jesus jeebus
sweet Jesus Christ pawing at oh I'm
gonna ask for some but for bags and Buck
Rogers the only redeeming feature the
buck rogers was Mel Blanc maybe TV TV TV
that was it I will but grassing
Battlestar over Buck Rogers any day you
you could affect the fact that you have
not watched the new battlestar is
starting to Bob not yo I'm never going
because I know the ending point because
I know these wet down the trap you shut
the fuck up it's a great the new the
remains are stop shoving religious
nonsense into sci-fi stop pretending
you're ending has to be some kind of
confusing RT nonsense fuck off fuck off
the bad I just I just I just I've never
I've just never I've just I just don't
know what I don't know what you're doing
you'll have first Ravens relate with a
proper conclusion with that ties in with
things that happened before yeah yeah oh
no do the farting puppets figure out
what their life goal is that's great oh
that's great rich i hope i hope they
farted into their oblivion or whatever
oh hey mr. lionel we get to find out i'm
gonna ask him what he needs nded sins
jack about the punch rich it's okay i'm
about to punch Jack to for the exam Rick
rich and I disagree in some things and
that's gonna be fun ok we asked him what
he needs the Goblin immediately begins
to wander around your person prodding
and poking at your weapons and apparel
before making a sudden grab at something
he then sits considering you for a while
before slapping the table with his hands
haha I know what you need mr. Lionel
reaches behind your ear and pulls out a
money bag heavy with coins
magic is believing in yourself if you
can do that you can make anything happen
the dealer draws you for gold game cards
oh I'm sure you agree oh okay great
Jesus Christ so if you give him food and
he'll give you a shield if you give him
gold I think he'll give you a weapon and
if you ask what he needs he gives you
gold without him to give him anything
that's great want Longshanks you only
think the ending to TNG was close to
ideal because they fucking ruined it
with nemesis oh yeah that's it is the
sense of course of action I'm sure that
that ending with your card finally
playing a game of poker with crew that's
that was perfect yeah that was
absolutely ruined it perfect but no
there's days gob louis-based clone got
mad no its face clothes away to his own
water illusion I was that was perfect
way to summarize TNG I was the perfect
coda to the philosophy of peace and
exploration clones could blow up for
snow day is gonna die with the radiation
ship a monster shit the monster ship
that eats other ships yep yep you got it
no no there's a way to like revisit the
entire series without being each of
these cards is crafted from your
memories and built from your experience
I created them but only in the abstract
it is the importance you place on them
that makes them real
what are you talking about man what are
you talking about he's talking some
crazy cool angry mob I new cars and I'm
up really rich woody what do you think
Voyager one more q or the Borg
technically first contact is when ruined
the board so cue the board were fine
until the movie decided they needed a
stupid Queen and that they're gonna be
like mindless zombies that's what the
blood got ruined it wasn't voyagers
fault they just ran with the shit that
first contact handed them imagine though
like imagine you are a you are a person
who doesn't see but then you would think
that Voyager ruined the bar but it was
really accomplished with first contact
who as you approach a small town of
which burn subtle an angry mob of
peasants marches forth and confronts you
the rat men have eaten all our food
we're starving we demand food ah we can
either give them half of our food give
them nothing or try to avoid the crowd
you you you end up losing food why did
you find out what happened when you lost
the food you yet when you had no food
did we find out I didn't you got more I
got more food sup to you
well I want to fight them you fight
whoever you want if I give them half of
my food maybe they'll let me fight maybe
they'll say like now go get the Rat Man
or maybe if I give them nothing you know
I don't know you know what we're gonna
be generous i'm going to give them half
of my food you offer to share half of
your food with the peasants they gather
around you to see your offerings this
isn't even enough to feed the children
someone cries a fight breaks out amongst
the peasants and you leave the scene and
I guess this is a little a little FTL in
here to Allah little random encounters
that might leave you with nothing kinda
lovin it and kind of loving it ah the
other day I was playing around on
someone's iPad and they had FTL on their
iPad and I started to play a quick game
touchscreen how does that work FTL yeah
pretty great I'll be I'll be honest
pretty great in order to like to take
away power from subsystems you have to
press on it and then like slide your
hand up and down to remove it like to
add and remove ok ok and it kind of it
kind of makes you feel like Star Trek
and then like to you know to like aim a
beam weapons and whatnot you have to
like slide your finger on the enemy ship
it's uh it's pretty it's it obviously
it's the exact same game just with touch
controls Jack I'm just gonna marry Chad
demand to see FTL mountains that's all
your that's all you're doing is all
you're going to accomplish with this
well what I'll try to do is I'll try to
get an ipad with FTL on it and i can
plug it in and play the ipad version
great okay goblins
three goblins
and oh and a monster card I have to
fight goblins and monsters now all right
okay it's getting real rich when I was
of you started to say something oh I was
just gonna read the chat it says never
got this old desperate one will
Hollywood make the FTL movie hopefully
never hahahaha there's anything we've
learned it's that Hollywood should not
make movies not just some games but if
anything oh god I do I think by the way
I think at first level with the maze was
a glitch because i have my rusty accent
oh ok i know she'll like really
upsetting
seems like everything you should always
start with that shield I don't know
since we're about to heaven soon as a
you know I know in Arkham the Arkham
games this is currently based off of
this counters are a big part of the game
well yeah but the equipment remember
like you have to draw that's part of
your deck can you can you jump over
enemies like you're good in arcade games
is that a fee you can which can you buy
them father God we got away
do I need to kill yet Oh goblin got away
I'm sorry oh the god oh god you guys are
right i'm so sorry the goblet is real of
course of course yeah so they can't take
a shield they they did apparently god
damn it oh they took my shield and my
axe I I would not want to run into
goblins yeah god damn it you guys are
right listen you guys are right remember
this is my first time playing it I
forget alright Twiztid Canyon yes I want
to go down there for a better weapon
climb down to retrieve the weapon
brietta for a chance of success what do
you think rich one two or three or four
I for two three four what do you think
hey excellent excellent choice rich chad
is saying that cote was the worst second
officer I I think the problem which coat
days that he was the worst second
officers problems that he was just a a
completely useless character with very
little personality other than I came
from a tribe that's his character I came
from a tribe he like it was one of the
like just this really neat premise right
completely ruined immediately which is
the the rebels and the Federation have
to work together and like how are they
going to get along class struggles right
completely forgotten about by episode
two or three it comes up once in a blue
moon
I I another one of my voyageurs scream
at the the television moments was once I
was watching an episode the other day
and kiss got hurt down on a planet rules
and I'm really see the end the locals
were the only ones who could help her
but they weren't going to help unless
Jane Wade went on like a spirit quest
right and and côte mr. mr. tattoo mr.
my only characterization is that I come
from a culture he spends the whole
episode trying to talk her out of it
this is dangerous do that I'm like
here's your one fucking character that
should be helping her and telling her
how to do this yes the one cared much be
encouraging this nonsense oh oh no they
checotah here's the most insulting thing
about Chico days character is his only
defining true characteristic is that he
wants to you know you you think about
like Picard or wharf or Geordi like they
all have something that like grounds
their character right like we're making
a moral choice like that was a big deal
for them but Chakotay doesn't give a
fuck as long as it means he gets to
sniff Janeway let us take a total their
foolishness yeah that showed us so many
things wrong yes I agree but you know
what every once in a while though it
gets right I'm not I'm not one hundred
percent dissing on Voyager I like a lot
of Voyager I like the ship but but Jack
he's from a culture he's a former
cultures from a culture its spirit
spurred at spirituality culture that's
good because because because because
culture Star Trek's always been about
rational thought conquering the dark
ages that spiritual nonsense has given
humanity and and and Chakotay is just
like counter to all of that is he
is a fucking useless Star Trek character
he has a culture he does
oh god you I got a huge failure card I
don't know what that means oh Jesus I
lost a bunch of gold you are selected
from a crowd to be tied to a wheel the
wheel begins to spin and and a
blindfolded man dressed in black
proceeds to throw knives at the wheel
evidently he needs more practice god
dammit lose five max health some time
later you find yourself standing at the
edge of the force the sound of the crowd
behind you day is just dawning but which
day I did not do well at the carnival at
the devil's carnival by the way ooh I
think I'm gonna do it i think i'm gonna
run out of food okay unless i can buy
more here which i might be able to oh I
like that enterprise or Voyager which is
right I enterprise was so boring I
stopped watching it after like five
episodes oh and I never agers somehow
bad in a way that at least keeps me
coming to see what what dumb thing
they're going to do so in best of the
worst terms i think it is Voyager there
you go
did you know that Chakotay is an
important I careful because he has a
culture merciful none but that makes him
better Oh make some special as a culprit
but his culture his culture never
dictates any of his decision we're site
I think it's great that he has a culture
and I would love to see that coming to
play you know like Worf had a god right
man it was a dumb culture but warfare
culture hey he had a culture and a
backstory and every once in a while it
would matter and yeah because it would
make him want to do something stupid yes
that's fine that's fine I'm not gonna
run out of food yet I bought some food
call for the priest to another shop I
have a very shop heavy deck this time oh
is that what it's called threshold where
Jane wanes oh yeah I'm turning to say
low because goes cuz you go really a fan
going really fast is what turns you in
the salamander uh-huh God right I'm just
gonna buy more food
I'm just gonna bite more food crunchy is
cream says Jack how's the game any fun
I'm really enjoying this game it's if
you've ever played a deck-building board
game or card game or you know a
deck-building Game you will get this
immediately and if you enjoyed the
combat in the batman arkham asylum games
at rich how would you describe that guy
I like it I it's more it's more like a
rhythm game that combat really if I were
going to go with a pure combat game i
would go with like ninja guide to send
ever deeper into the shoe or Iranian I
mean de bug ya good something like it
feels more like a pure combat game well
you know there's a difference between
something like a brawler a hack and
slash er like that or like even God of
War has really great combat great fluid
combat besides of course our cup Brooks
just really good at making you feel like
a badass but it relatively it doesn't
take that much skill just a few simple
goals brush the tile timing the the
punches and timing the combos yeah it's
nice it's nice though like it's it's a
different rhythm than you're used to for
a fighting yeah game the fighting
mechanic though is very nice in the
batman games and it's very nice in here
it makes you feel like you are doing it
which is nice
if you guys played any fighting games I
mean you know obviously I really enjoy
smash brothers I'm sure rich at some
point has played a street fighter game
an ambush I used to play marvel vs
capcom a lot i had to stop because lisa
was too good at it and it just ruined my
day lisa and my wife is shockingly great
at button mashing and 2d fighters so we
just couldn't play anymore I was no
challenge for her and I wasn't having
any fun what what this one's asked me
what what the dumbest culture is this
cuz I I hate culture oh no my my one
philosophy in life is never to drink the
kool-aid cultures culture in any culture
that puts spiritual mumbo-jumbo ahead
anything else is stupid but that's not
that's not that's good that's as good as
I as I am recovered in this in this chat
in this stream that's what I'm that's
what I'm referring to come culture is
fantastic go going and and exploring
someone else's way of life is a
fantastic I'm referring more to things
like we have to light the sacred fire in
order to honor the odd drop the
ceremonial face group on your face the
fuck that come now hurry up we don't you
just went through that last week oh I'm
sorry oh I'm so sorry the guy yelled at
me for not pressing the button I could
because i was talking to you oh okay
weapons yeah the game we I was you know
like talking to you and not pressing a
button and he was like hey it's it's we
have to keep playing the game weapons
bristle from the trees around you there
wielders face is obscured by undergrowth
give us y'all gold I we should attack
for cowardly bandit I also could have
given them all my gold but I've decided
I'm going to attack them
faith face paint is a valid culture rich
that's what dog amelie says look I know
I'm being very gentle but I'm I say I
say like culture when I refer to
Chakotay because he doesn't have very
well-defined beliefs does he I mean it's
just he's generally spiritual he comes
from a culture and that's it's it's used
like instant characterization and it's
absolutely shallow and not rushed out he
is some vaguely spiritual ill-defined
beliefs they just say he goes on his
bird quest and there's an instant
characterization meaningless hollow
characterization and I say he has a
culture because I'm putting exactly as
much thought into it as the writers play
into it and that and that's why I'm
saying it that way culture he has a
culture because they didn't think about
it
