Rich grabs the Shadow of the Colossus (Part 1)
May 3, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uCiTVkg7fj0

danger zone if we can hear the game
music it's fine it's fine and you hear
the game music everything's fine oh okay
that's like I can hear it through my
headphones so right my headphones are
going through this device this is gonna
work I'm gonna play this marvelous art
game with delayed audio oh my god you
really are that here's the problem yeah
I'm turning I'm turning the TV so dark I
know but I'll probably pick up really
easy with this thing right so I'm
leaving it down fucking fucking it's
fine it's fine we're all fine
I don't care anymore huh nothing else
matters matters
that's really true rich nothing matters
so here's here's how here's our
temporary workaround and we will figure
out a a more permanent workaround so
right now we just scrapped the the
headphone and mic that rich was using
and rich is now using a different
microphone and a different pair of
headphones the downside is he's going to
hear the game audio on a little bit of a
lag which I guess won't matter so much
you're like there's no I don't think
there's any sound cues in the game it's
gonna be weird for the cutscenes but
it's fine it's all fine everything's
fine all the time but we're here and
apparently this is working I'm gonna
listen to us right now so I'm gonna mute
my okay I'm going to listen to this why
did you do that okay
rich everything sounds great yeah yeah
everything sounds great so let's do this
rich Jack what do you think of ghost
hunter investigators there they're
probably all frauds no no there they are
100% all frauds what the only yeah the
only thing I can hope is that the people
who they are investigating are in on the
joke that's that's the only thing I can
hope is that the people who they are
investigating also understand that that
ghosts are fake so I know I've talked
about James Randi no no James radius he
is he's really old now is like a ninety
year old former magician who spent the
later years of his life just debunking
frauds and he's the guy who famously
debunked your enemy regulars he the
spoons with his mind yeah but anyway he
sent like a he made a fraudulent Ouija
board video and he sent it into one of
those shows that supposedly investigated
paranormal claims and they got back to
him asking if he would he could send in
footage that was a bit more dramatic can
you make can you make a little bit more
you know they didn't give a shit they
were they were fraud no they're they're
100% frauds I I feel I feel sorry for
people who actually think that stuff is
real like it's fine if you enjoy just
because like it's fun to like I can
trick myself into believing in ghosts if
that's how your suspension of disbelief
works but no I mean it's it's sad like
if you're in the chair and you don't
know who the amazing Randi is go to go
to youtube look up some James Randi
videos there's some fun stuff yeah
hehe went on The Tonight Show and I
don't know if you remember surgeons they
were a thing in the eighties you'd go to
like Portugal to see a psychic surgeon
to get your uncurable cancer cured and
they would they would you know they
would like literally reach into your
body and pull out tumors and it was all
fraudulent and he basically went on with
tonight's show and recreated like what
they did like he had a guy sitting on a
like a gurney on The Tonight Show stage
and he like took his hand and he reached
into his gut they pulled out chicken
guts they said this is a no look just
like he was pulling guts up some guy's
stomach he's like this is how they do it
it's all fraud it's all oh sure oh like
like man in the moon man of Andy Kaufman
movie with Jim Carrey do you know I just
didn't I know where is do you remember
the last shot of that movie when they
yes the plays they pulled chicken guts
faked out of his stomach
yeah Tony the boiler alert I guess for a
20-year old movie you know Andy Kaufman
had incurable cancer or so the world
believed and so he went to this like
holistic miracle healer in some foreign
country and moments before his death
they saw him fake pulling chicken guts
out of his body and the joke was on him
okay you know ah the con man be con man
becomes the conned so it was fun it was
it was fun everything's fun so yeah I go
shows that I think they're I think
they're ridiculous I I can't I die I'm
trying to think if I've ever been into
ghosts you know like if I've ever
believed in ghosts I don't know if that
if I ever have never seriously but
sometimes pros sure can be fun it it
depends upon how transparent they are I
don't know and you know if if that's you
entertainment like if you can convince
yourself that ghosts are real and that's
where you get your entertainment if
that's where your suspension of
disbelief is I think that's great but
yeah oh yes I have seen the full Suicide
Squad team photo again just like we
talked about with the Joker photo it
doesn't mean anything this is what they
are doing to create free press for
themselves isn't that amazing by the way
they get all they have to do is take a
picture and everyone on the internet
goes batshit crazy free advertising just
to ease some of your minds out there I
haven't talked to Jack about this but I
do not plan on talking about the
adventures to it oh yeah so if you're
worried about if you're worried about
spoilers slipping out I'm agreed no but
no Avengers to talk tonight well we'll
talk about it some other time I'm sure
but not tonight because it's just out
this weekend he's doing very well at the
box office is we can talk about the
trailer for Man of Steel - oh I'd really
fucking but everyone knows that already
it was it was nice seeing it on the big
screen because you know the only thing
that was online for the longest time was
like that handheld the cam of it and
it's just it's far worse than you could
ever imagine close the other trailers we
saw like Tomorrowland 70 Tomorrowland
where it's just like let's have George
Clooney say every cliched line we can
think of yeah you don't like George -
George Clooney whatever reason he's
disturbed I like George Clooney
I don't think George Clooney is capable
of playing anyone I'm okay because I
think he's a he's a I think he's a
handsome and charismatic man so I want
him to be George Clooney
what about oh brother where art thou
okay you oh you haven't seen it you
should really see it no you should
really see it that's a that's good
George Clooney that's good Coen Brothers
actually I didn't have a morning at all
I was like you know we did the Avengers
and that was that was our entire day
yeah yeah that was a long day yeah and
but they know the plan was kind of a
take it easy today and take kind of like
a day off I know I'd be streaming later
in the night but it was gonna be my day
off
so you know I my alarm went off at like
11:00 this morning like a fuckin I'm
sleeping in and I just I turned the
alarm off and then I woke up p.m. I was
like this is gonna be my day off and I
fucking slept through it all and I slept
I slept so long I like physically felt
like crap so basically my day off got so
I I have I have not been in a
particularly great mood today
I'm very sorry
yeah I am too I might take another day
off do it I actually woke up at 5:00
let's just bet if that's just too
fucking late that is far too fucking
late for anybody reading for any reason
12 hours it's like I mean I guess you
needed it maybe
that's I mean that's insane that's
insanity as far as I'm concerned but you
know it happens this is why I don't want
to street things for the first time
especially that like an art game I'm
like I mean are you watching it are you
there
you brought up he brought a'carly
anything I don't know I don't know what
I need to know you're fine you know all
you need to know
you know all the things you need to know
yeah it's been a long weekend it's been
a long weekend fairly tired but that's
okay I
oh do we plan on streaming any more
bloodborne we went through a long
blood-borne stint so not anytime soon
I'm I'm gonna be a living dead honest
was white water I'm streaming Shadow of
the Colossus because everybody's been
asking for it but I wanted yeah I'm
still playing it if that counts for
anything but you know we don't stream
like there are people who stream every
day and they can I think they can get
away with that where they're just like
you know this week is dedicated to
blood-borne but because we only stream
twice a week it feels like that's too
much like we can't just keep playing the
same thing over and over again I want to
stream or blood-borne but I also I love
this I did like this is the biggest test
like rich streaming something he's never
played before I'm super excited I know I
hate doing that I'm only doing it
because of popular demand okay this
Citian Edwin B I ll t Utley ee-ee-ee-ee
hometown markup Lucky Strikes
our mt4 smelter wedge in all of us Scott
may Hall Ganga's Borgnine riot cure eggs
Etta T Godfather 42
and business thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it
it's true we very much around six months
in a row wet months around four months
in a row four months in a row and just
subscribed that's great hmm
thank you all we really appreciate it no
I'm happy that rich is playing this
hopefully this is this is the thing you
need to teach yourself rich is you need
to teach yourself how to multitask how
to how to pay attention to the game but
still keep an ear out for the things
that I'm saying and keep an eye out for
the chat I think you can do this I do
have I have a superpower which is my
ability to multitask on input is very
high we this comes up a lot during our
best of the worst streaming's are our
best of the worst viewings where I'm
able to make jokes and listen to what
other people say whilst simultaneously
paying attention to the movie and
everyone is always very confused because
I usually know what's happening in the
movie and so rich you need to hone this
power everyone has it you just need to
you just need to hone it I do and I have
are we finally through the cutscene
great yes I think that's great
I'm I'm obviously I'm watching an enjoy
so why don't you guys stream the best of
the worst viewings because it would be
really boring most of the time I think
we've talked about that a lot where it's
like the unedited footage of us what
like of us watching the movies would be
really boring we have a couple funny
bits in an hour and a half and those
funny bits you see Jay Brody I asked
Jack will you ever be on half in the bag
I've been on it several times I was
mailman Tommy
I was comedy blanket Scott comedy club
patron hello famously famous blinkin
comedy club patron I want to send the
place hold up sir using I can move work
focuses where am I am i following it if
I can move it oh I see what I see
thank you I understand now I understand
things it makes sense to me it's true do
you think make sense
I didn't have the greatest free comic
book day mostly because I was I was
working I was working on free comic book
day Saturday but oh you know actually
you know speaking of comic books I'll
get into my first dish peel here's
whoever recommended to me that Hawkeye
my life as a weapon comic
it's a bad recommendation I was really
dumb I really did not care for it it
wasn't it wasn't a story like you know a
lot of trades are our single story these
were little vignettes each comic its own
little micro story and I thought they
were all a little dull
the tape was it was alright the tape was
alright for those of you who recommended
in my life his weapon his little the
tape storyline was fun but I thought
overall I was pretty dull and everyone
as a running gag throughout it all the
bad guys kept referring to Hawkeye
Hasbro and I thought it was really bad
yeah yeah it was really like hey bro hey
bro it like that it was like a running
joke but dedicated services like I don't
I don't know I'm sure he does no there's
no avenger spoiler I'm talking about
Hawkeye the comic book Hawkeye my life
as a weapon the comic book we are not
talking about the Avengers today at all
that was a comic book no spoilers no
spoilers
not something with this tree I thought
surely that suspicious tree was my
destination the what the one green tree
in the barren landscape yeah yeah
something's gotta happen with that tree
I'll be they'll be be horribly letdown
yes
Jay Broda I have read Miles Morales
spider-man and I enjoy it I think it's a
it's a really good take a really good
way to kind of reboot spider-man without
completely
erasing all of spider-man's past I enjoy
it a lot
the it gets really weird during the
Ultimate Comics spider-man run where
Captain America is the president and
he's fighting a war that's weird but
just the regular Miles Morales ultimate
spider-man is I enjoy a lot
check-check loaded to me and I just
honestly I don't care enough to read it
yeah I know you uh you you like Peter
Parker you're a Peter Parker fan to read
it at this point it's not ladies not
Peter Parker's and I'm I'm actively
trying to get back into comics I'm
trying to read more comics I there was a
time where I really enjoyed comics and
I'd like to get back to that so why
would you want to get into something
that's going to well I don't want to go
crazy I don't want to go crazy with
comics I just wanna I want to not be
apathetic towards comics anymore if that
makes any sense why wouldn't you want to
be on why would you not want to be after
well you know what give me one series
there's a lot of there's a lot I can
catch up on digital comics are cheaper
that's great get up the hill
why are climbing up the thing you can do
it you can do it I don't know where you
are
am I not supposed to climb up here
what's going on what's going on I don't
understand
when in doubt rich triangle great I did
that right okay that makes starting to
make sense
oh isolate mutate you were the one who
recommended that Hawkeye book and I did
not much care for it
III liked I liked the there were two
there were two issues in the in the five
issue trade of the tape and I liked that
storyline I thought that was very
interesting but I did not much care for
the way they handled his character in it
he was they were going for they were
kind of going for a Jason Statham like
he's a super cool spy but also a little
aloof kind of thing with his character
and I did not I didn't care for
so I'm apologize have you guys read the
disaster artist yes it's great I do
that's the book about timing was so and
I've heard nothing but great things have
not got around to reading it and I've
also like I've never seen the room never
never and that's wrong like another shit
to do like watching the best movie ever
made
I've seen bits and pieces I'll get
around to it I'll get around to it
congratulations
that's neat oh yeah I see your to the
Colossus somebody Colossus hi how many
Colossus I wanna say 12 but I don't
remember I'm assuming I run out of the
way of that
oh my god get up you are you talking to
you or the colossi
so I need to hold up my sword on this
guy alright I'll do that I'll do that
see the sword thing you can do it I look
tired
oh yeah you're pretty down on out I
don't understand what this is doing why
I had to do this I think this is I think
this is a waste of my time you might
want to rethink that well then I'm just
getting to the part where you're using
the sword in the first place
rethink the sword thing yeah yeah
oh that's a good topic did you hear
about the kerfuffle around the new Adam
Sandler flick apparently a slew of
Native American actors walk walked out
because that's too racist and so then
they put effort they put Native American
makeup on white actors to make them look
Native American you heard of the
fighting ladies no there was a team
racist you're like we Indians those the
Braves the red and the Redskins
there was a Native American team called
the fight whities that's perfect yeah
yeah I think it's great I think that's
great uh Jay Brody uh no I have not read
the guardians of the galaxy 2008 I think
we talked about this once before
I'm not into space comics I don't that's
not my thing I don't I I think they get
a little too space comics in general or
just that's well that's where most of my
space comics reference comes from is
Marvel Universe based comics which I've
never much cared for and like I've read
a couple Superman storylines where he's
gone into space too and it's it's just
never been my thing
I die it just gets too big for me and
like all of the all of the people are
just like bigger versions of different
gods and they're fighting and it just
it's too much for my tiny brain to
handle so I've never really been into
space comics so I have not read it and I
don't know if I would care for it did
you died
great yeah that's great
you can do it rich I believe in you
the wizard says Heath Ledger was thought
to be a bad Joker while Jared Leto is
now being considered to be a promising
Joker it's like poetry arrives it's it's
true it's uh I mean again like people
were judging Heath Ledger's Joker on
nothing but the publicity photo right
which is dumb we should not judge things
on a publicity photo and Jared Leto I
think is a he's acted well in things
Heath Ledger was a good actor I the the
thing I will say is I like I like the
fact that they are trying something very
different with this joker and you know
if if he looks the way he looks finally
like like he looks in those publicity
stills I like the fact that they are
trying something very different so
hopefully that makes no judgement on the
movie but oh did you died okay I really
enjoy climbing I think it feels very
very satisfying yeah and do you notice
the stamina gauge the the circle on the
lope
oh no the the circle on the lower right
the more pink it has the more grip you
have and when you lose your grip you uh
I see that mr. shyness fell I just told
them
correct dungeon master blaster I did not
like the x-men when they went into space
adventures I didn't I thought it was
always dumb and then you know you fight
this base guy and but then this other
space guy who has different space powers
yeah it got too it got too weird for me
you got you know you know what you know
what I don't like about space war hero
stuff
why is Iron Man in his technology still
relevant like why would an alien some
technology far beyond anything that Tony
Stark could build you know why wouldn't
they see like an Iron Man suit oh yeah
we had crap like that 400 years ago
well that's different like you know they
could well they could have like taking
different paths like it's it's the same
thing where they're like humanoid but
have like oh we've never thought about
making a suit like that we just made
spaceships that got us here a lot faster
let's just shoot them with our spaceship
exactly but then that's usually the
thing right or it's like our spaceship
is more powerful but Tony's faster and a
little smile uses wits I mean yeah it's
garbage
yes obscure cactus both rich and I have
seen Avengers 2 we're not talking about
it though because lots of people have it
fresh out this weekend we're not eat
we're not even going to tell you what we
thought about it because it's just like
yeah it's opening weekend do what you do
do what you do
do what keep do stana mo doesn't appear
to be recharging do I have to get off
the Colossus before will recharge no no
it's like if you sometimes you can find
a spot on the Colossus too like where
you don't have to grip and then you can
just kind of like let go and and let it
recharge hey jack says tired and said is
there an actor you want to play Batman
No here's here's the thing that I'm
gonna say is I want Ben Affleck to play
Batman I want him to play it in a better
movie hey rich would you would you say
oh my god you the wizard Oh 2 to 4
apparently his brothers in the hospital
and he wanted and is watching this right
now and wanted you to say oh my god so
that's for you the Wizards brother that
was a better one that was absolutely but
no I think like I think Affleck is a
good actor
and I think he he has the right weight
and width to play a Batman correctly and
he's just going to play it in a bad
movie as my is the bad part
actors are only good
Oh people don't film going off so Aflac
Affleck the flack
I said you just keep shaking his leg
I'll probably fall off scrape it up
against the scrape the back of his leg
up against värnamo maybe he doesn't know
did you did you try shining more light
on him before okay I'm gonna give you a
little heads up did you did you try
refocusing the the light on him did you
notice that when you were on certain
parts of them your light got more
focused than in other parts before you
get all up and climb all up on Mon again
try the roots try the light line okay
all right all right you can do this rich
it was there another place it focused on
maybe oh well when it focuses on
something like kind of hang it there for
a little bit
Oh for crandall Street I know put it but
I like it I think it's great all right
all right you think it's great I do I
also like Africa forgetting a lot this
is a horrible it's a horrible room
that's blue to the game horrible like
what no what was it the there's a
there's a way that the sword like
reveals weak spots is basically the
thing with the colossi and I fir I
forget exactly how you do it rich please
don't be such a noob how can I not be a
new this is the first fucking time I
played this I like it
rich let us hear on this journey my
journey of not being able to focus on
the game enough because I'm trying to
chat and talk and read things that are
going on this is a terrible idea
yeah oh they're and they're saying
Ritchie you were doing it right you just
keep running out of stamina okay stop
doing then
got a you gotta stop doing that that's
the one thing
see this is fun I don't know why anybody
would want to watch well you know it's I
I think it's interesting the learning
process you can get there rich I believe
in you you know your because I think in
general you're you're more than not
smart mm-hmm that's great he's trying to
shake me out of his bud I'm assuming I'm
supposed to jump over onto that arm I
get only I'm just I'm just seeing him
shake you off his butt right now where
you going
mmm yeah that's pretty good idea get
over to the arm which is a tenacious
what am I saying rich is a tenacious
gamer I don't know what that necessarily
means I think it's you know yeah well I
think I think rich should refuse to give
up don't let don't let don't let the
weight of the stream
cloudy rich I'm up nice I'm up out of
thing nice
oh I'm seeing it now
I'm up on a thing stab them in the head
Rayford grim oh yeah we know that we've
we tried using desktop sharing before
twitch plays Pokemon so I could see
exactly what it was so rich could see
with me playing FTL right but that just
adds too much that adds another screen
it adds too much confusion and I think I
think it broke Internet's so you there
what are you doing
I think he keeps waving this fucking
head around god dammit
hey doing great you're doing great stab
him in the head hole I know is your
second done you're doing it
who has more hair the colossi or biscuit
biscuit
it's 100% biscuit I brush biscuit once
every other day and end up with an equal
sized hair chunk to biscuit and biscuit
is a 20 pound cat Oh doing it you're
doing it stamina whatever it's all the
same Mack Gero wants to know how you
deal with a baby how do you get a baby
to stop crying he knows that I have kids
and so you wanted to ask
not even close that just makes them cry
more look into a happiest baby on the
Block how do you feel okay I feel like I
would appreciate it probably we're
playing it on my own but you did it and
I feel very proud of you
in any case happiest baby on the Block
swaddling white noise look into that it
saved both mine and my wife's is sanity
we had very colicky kids and Happy's
baby on the Block works like gangbusters
also for those suggesting diet formulas
for my cat my cat is a normal weight for
his breed he's a Siberian and that's
just how big their he's a normal sized
cat forward was about a Siberian so
settle them biscuit is not overweight
what's happening now rich
Rach what's happening
Bridge Rach right - way to go red
we've lost rich rich rich richer hi this
is weird what is it can you guys hear me
cuz rich rich did you died
I'm texting you rich I'm sending you a
text message you can hear jack but not
rich what happened to rich this is weird
I feel strange kind of just stuck on
this screen and it's just me talking to
you guys this is this is what did he
mean that he didn't mute himself because
like nothing's happening oh wait now
it's saving Rach where are you buddy I
can't hear ya oh no it's a ghost I don't
want I don't want ghosts rich I want I
rich just didn't want me to to talk
anymore don't if you just want to play
the game and not talk and just have me
talk I guess
you
