Steam Controller unboxing with newbs (Part 1)
October 18, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=snyVHZIPOd4

what is this this is PewDiePie this is
PewDiePie is unprecedent rich we are two
minutes away we have 9 million
subscribers 9 million subscribers sweet
did you oh did you start up the what
yeah great
Sean Sean Blank you got some dashes in
there some munchies guys thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it it's
true we really do
we're so there's a lot of us right now
yeah there's a lot of us right now
because some special goings and awnings
special goings awnings is the the thing
that I wanted to do is I got our steam
controlers in yeah but I have not let
rich I have his yet not touch the dam he
has not even seen it it is still in the
shipping package I've seen pictures
online she looks like a pretty good idea
what it looks like I'm sure you know
what it looks like but I wanted
everything of from you of your reaction
from the controller to be fresh oh we
gonna we gonna spend like 15 minutes
looking for a way to get the packaging
open I brought my you got a knife I have
a knife with me at all times
oh you know you weren't thinking with
comedy you were thinking with logic not
comedy exactly that's terrible because I
was like I got my knife that's true the
old prereq did spend half just been
working on audio levels now that now
that you know after over a year of
streaming we finally got the audio level
thing figured out the most part you say
that here's the plan tonight first we're
gonna unbox the controller then I want
to try the controller with a series of
different types of games hmm so it was
we couldn't really didn't have enough
time to do it we didn't feel like
bothering checking the audio on like
four different games right so there
might be issues with the audio yeah once
the game starts I don't know I don't
know I don't know okay rich are you
writing I've been ready for the last
week are you really got it on Friday
oh my God look at it oh it's beautiful
packaging here it is okay
use your steam control I brought mine
too now this thing that has butter was
built into the the touch pants - I
understand yeah yeah it's all it's it's
like a little ps4 it now you know it's
it's it's more it feels more like like
an Xbox 360 controller but it's
different in some ways the box is very
pretty and once you take a package off
like this little valve logo this is my
my box on the corner of the box is very
nice do you need a knife because I have
a knife fuck it fuck it wasn't meant to
be nice sometimes sometimes the
packaging makes it real my pants yeah
okay okay and then the buttons no this
shit here
I got a feeling this all gonna be
vestigial I remember the steel because
all the console people complained when
they first saw the original version of
it you know I don't get it
you need buttons I think you need
buttons okay this one we won we actually
where the plant is to do an episode on
this thing yes they've used a record an
episode and I'm excited because me and
Jack are coming at this from two
entirely different places I am a
keyboard and mouse guide and I'm looking
forward to getting away from this and
I'm very excited about these so Jack the
opposite your your console person you
like the controller I do I'm very
interested in what you have this
disabled and how our pad backgrounds are
gonna color things and I like I think
that this this episode is exactly what
prereq was made for like I've been
playing a little bit you can actually
see I have like an abrasion on my thumb
it has like 1012 hours in I've been
picking up tf2 again just because it's a
first-person shooter that I really know
I know very well so here here's kind of
the basics but the one something
interesting of note so it has triggers
and has shoulder buttons but then it
also has these big buttons here on the
back so here's what's going on here this
big yeah which is where our batteries
are gonna go and it uses double a
motherfucking batteries and so I have
maybe 10 hours of playtime
yeah and I'm almost out of batteries
here sure thing 10 hours and out of
batteries can you play it just from the
power with the USB cord I don't know and
secondly you can buy rechargeable
double-a batteries it should be built in
its rechargeable battery rebuilt here's
the problem we built in yeah we're
chargeable batteries don't last forever
I know this because I used to buy a
rechargeable batteries you wear them out
yeah and it happens faster than you
think and then your controllers a $50
hunk of plastic that does nothing not
sure the ability to change batteries
especially cuz you can just buy your own
rechargeable and put them in there I
think that's actually a benefit I I just
I'm gonna say that's a benefit because
your controllers not dealing with
planned obsolescence there and the chat
is saying you can also plug the
controller in with us yeah that's all
you need though this picture on how you
put the batteries in
not very helpful what the fuck side does
its there's a picture rich but the
pictures like tilted sideways you ask
well you cuz you have to go it you have
to go in an angle that's weird
I don't like that the picture was too
accurate for rich nice I just need to
know what side is the positive and which
side is the negative don't so then you
know show me a battery insert a ssin
flow chart it opens up in the batteries
kind of go going here and then when you
click it down it because these are
buttons it doesn't exactly click down
all the way which is very strange but
and then we have a dongle we have two
dongle ourselves thank you I'm assuming
there's a cord in here good hate you
just told me it hated you installing
device driver see like that yeah oh it
just says please run steam and big
picture mode there you go so it wasn't I
have no interest in big picture mode I
thought you had to i used my computer
like a regular computer yeah from like
the couch all the time and I have no
interested in being limited to fucking
around it's team and their big goofy
user interface that doesn't need to be
big and goofy just because I'm my couch
so the important question is how does
the controller feel does it feel solid
or does it feel cheap I first impression
again I've only had it I've only been
playing with it for like a day I think
it feels good it's light it's a lot
lighter than you would think it would
and I could see some people thinking
that's cheap but it feels solid I'm not
gonna break this thing the heaviness of
modern controllers just because of the
ridiculous Rumble things they put in
there mmm but no it feels it feels nice
it feels solid once you start playing
with it though there's some things I
can't wait for rich I can't wait for no
idea no idea so to turn it on you press
the you don't need anything
in here for the dongle which is
automatically to text it automatically
detects go ahead press your button well
oh my god a beep doing boo bleep Boop
and now you can use the trackpad as a
mouse if you want but what you can use
your your pad ISM I don't know what the
turn - I'm just closing this for
nocturnal with this alright does that
play big picture mode do I need to
question is do I need to you don't need
to but you can I've been doing it
because I I misread that and I thought
it said we have you have to go and put
oh you have to go into big picture mode
once to configure the controller for the
game so just go and big big I don't come
on big picture - I want to switch out
like to the desktop easily without
having to do the wood I got a mouse
thing update your firmware and dog I got
a fucking wireless mouse and I want to
be able to get the windows easily
I don't want steam to dominate my
computer sorry
yeah look how ugly this big picture shit
is it's it's not attractive it's not
it's not it does not look great I can't
I can't alt tab to youtube no but you
can just go to youtube you can go you
can use their in web browser I don't
think you're not allowed to dominate my
computer Stan alright great
your necessary DRM for my games that's
all you are Steve it's true that's true
but no it feels very nice the playing
with it playing with it is a little
weird where it's like you know I guess
I'm more used to holding my controllers
up like this and this one it's almost
like you have to shift where it lies in
your hand you know like a normal
controller kind of lies flat on your on
your on the ball of your hand right on
the ball of your palm and this one I
almost I almost feel like playing it
laying sideways like this I thought way
to see or your fingers are on these yeah
but that's like that's not necessary
this all is all the matters those those
yeah that's the thing that's the
thing and so how come I can't use this
too I have to use the owl on you have to
easy oh that's retarded you have to use
the I want to hold on I'm gonna turn
mine on - we beat a controller has been
detected and it's now ready how do we
get out of big picture mode hold down
the the valve button and return to
desktop okay
I just hate pizza now move around your
mouse using the touchpad Oh neat
do you feel that I don't hear you can
you guys hear this that's the haptic
feedback are you supposed to feel it or
hear it I don't know
isn't that weird isn't that weird that's
what that's the sound it makes
isn't that the strangest thing I think
you're supposed to feel the vibration or
something funky if you feel it when
you're playing yeah or just mental
because you're hearing alright stop so
just see how long huh there soon you get
adjust the sensitivity on this thing -
oh yeah and you have - alright okay so
okay so didn't make us smaller over here
yeah you guys we're not gonna be so big
in the picture anymore we're gonna start
playing we're gonna start playing portal
2 right all right kind of way just our
size again edit scene no no X out of
that edit scene anyway we go how big
should we pay check that looks good that
looked good sure looks looks huge
Lord smaller I guess we'll see once we
get a game going all right so we're
starting with the portal to portal 2 all
right mr. Josh mill yes we updated the
firmware for the controller we did L
bother yes we did the firmware update
everything's fine Oh suspense that was
that was you cutting together our dead
hyaline thank you I really like them
actually I liked how that looked more
than how I shot our first first four
hours of so I think I'm going to do this
I'm gonna do green screen and us like
this going forward whenever we shoot a
first four hours of because I liked the
way that cut together so and thank you
for that that was fun all right okay
so so now here's what you need to do
yeah
in order for this to work and now hit
hit the steam button yeah
oh you don't have steam overlay enabled
so get out it or just quit and don't
quit the earth yeah cuz I don't want I
don't want pop-ups coming on you got an
achievement and I don't give a shit
about any of that crap you need steam
overlay enabled can I disable the
achievement pop-ups sure I'm sure you I
don't want to say okay go to steam
settings where is it interface if only
we were a big picture boat I know it was
really important in game in game enable
the steam overlay oh oh it's already is
okay okay okay now go back into it oh
wait you're not in big picture mode
go into big picture mode you need big
picture jesus fucking christ
where's the obnoxious big picture button
it's gonna dominate my hat one it's like
computer next to that one there you go
it's not it's not that it's not look at
this is obnoxious and ugly it looks they
can't see it looks bad okay so now go
into the game where and this obnoxious
big picture mode do I click to go to a
game library it's not whether the game
is open somewhere it's about a portal to
go to play you can do this rich I
believe the game should already be long
oh my god okay so now hit the steam
button
this is that yours is Dean number one
controller now you probably have to quit
cuz you didn't start it and big picture
mode this is this is not it's not gonna
recognize it fuck you big picture mode I
hate you
yeah wait wait no no you see how easy is
it to get to like my desktop from the
shit it's right there you all tab man
oh that's obnoxious it's just gonna run
as you're like I hate it I hate it big
picture mode is obnoxious and I hate
that I have to use it for this you know
it's just it's a normal thing so it's a
terrible thing Jackson or its it's awful
it's it's kind of awful the self
interfering with with me okay go into
portal you can do this rich I believe in
you play the game play the game here we
go
it's a normal terrible thing either it's
you know it's fine it's better than the
this noise weird okay now hit the steam
button there we go and now go to
configure controller they give me these
sighs why does it want to use the analog
stick further than sorry I don't switch
that out right I don't know are there
like preset up in general things yeah
you can if you hit X and they're not
seeing any of this but if you hit X you
can so there you go
portal 2 standard controls portal 2 Sano
controls now head out why to save as a
shy I'd rather used the touchpad to move
around oh you would yes I would
oh ok save that for now forget you want
to use the touchpad to move around yeah
okay how do you in like is there a way
just to set it yeah so straight up most
emulation go to configure controller
okay well so you know this one the your
right one will move the camera and so
see where it says ping menu gesture so
hit a okay and now it's already set up
to be a generic Direction ban okay so
great so head back now okay and back it
back so now I hit the steam button and
now in options you can change what the
d-pad does
are you not doing anything
no no easier please you're interesting
no that's weird yep nah
hold on rich great
are you save I didn't do anything no I
don't think that's right oh we got a
problem we got a problem
looks like mouse the keyboard sure to
stay
hmm mouse and keyboard here to stay
do-do-do-do-do-do-do hold on
mouse and keyboards here to stay it will
never die it has been then way since
dude right and I know just wine who WETA
that's what their green screen look
there's like a little grainy uh-huh haze
around it yeah there is you've been
using this more than I have the song
this is all alien to me Jack right I'm
trying to figure it out and you can't
move it on it no button does anything
yeah yeah we're my green screen is being
funky I don't know why we had that setup
before
hmm
all right close the game restart steam
sure maybe maybe it's being weird about
the the update the firmware update maybe
wants to restart oh sure baby wants to
restart all right
I am when I when I'm I sometimes game I
do like dual monitor I'll have game on
one watching some kind of videos and the
other Netflix or YouTube or something
and if big pictures are making a hassle
to do that because big picture is a
front of pain in the ass yeah I'm gonna
be that inefficient to navigate I hate
it hate eject I'm very sorry
we're trying to fix our green screen
situation right I know you're that looks
better
all right great grand screen situation
fixed great and so now we go back into
steam okay let's go to steam yeah gonna
steam what it what I who did all right
boom
what should we go for the help menu and
big picture mode excuse me you know I
started to throw up I hate bee bee and
I'm right up to the gear baak the gear
it's not it's like you've never used a
controller I avoid it whenever I can
head over to controller okay great so it
does detects oh and I'll go to yours
yours has the full battery okay great
Oh press X in the fire button well while
powering it out it's already powered on
don't you start off what does it want
for me all right great yeah we're good
we're both here hey sure yeah
hey Beck everything's fine okay great
hey it detects both of our controllers
okay
okay do you know what no no I'll turn
mine off there you go you're turning it
what I turn it off
how do you turn it off we just hold the
steam mic on it yeah or go to the
gearbox I'm doing this yeah you do this
you do this okay it's gonna be fine it's
totally gonna be fine
I've been using it it did take me it
took me a long time to figure out how to
use it I was not using it you have to go
specifically you have to mess with the
controls in the in-game overlay you
can't mess with the controls in the
overlay that's underneath it's a hole
that's not stupid yeah all right here we
go
all right so was restarting what what
did you do I mean do we think crisp you
didn't stop working again it's not
working I know I do
it's completely stopped working wait Oh
what'd I do
I don't know what you did stop we're
both trying to do things and that's I
think that's the problem I also have two
dongles plugged in I wonder don't don't
all right let's go back you can't do it
do we need do we just need one dongle
try and plug in yours
see what happens okay you know unplug
your dongle okay
don't employ you start working I want to
like this Jack very much I would love to
have a a convenient keyboard and mouse
that's yeah easily portable that would
be nice
I am in favor of this thing good huh I'm
not yet convinced it's going to be good
and it seems like Wow
do you need to download
Oh No there you go oh the haptic feels
much better now
oh yeah now I actually feel it yeah
closing I'm closing the application I'm
closing portal yours is on ya okay hold
on hold on sorry everybody we are
worried this is part of the process
sorry pains he's not on all right add a
steam controller okay press and hold the
X button while powering on or steam
controller and to the validation code
okay great
okay so we we do only need one dongle
your steam controller appears to be
having some connection issues hit the
steam button for help
Oh what did that say I hit the steam
button and then you apparently didn't I
didn't I didn't hit anything oh there we
go and share your great performance uh
the trees please connect the controller
wireless receiver so it's excluded
included extender to make sure there's
no Onix truck we need an unobstructed
line-of-sight really I did not know that
I have I plugged mine into the back of
my computer that might explain some
things we will figure it out it does
come with this little it comes with a
dongle extender that's a technical term
hey hey everybody
Jays here that was weird
I was a rich in in one of those drawers
can us see if we have double-a batteries
I know we bought some a while ago where
do we go where do we got some doublea's
I'm just gonna reload mine just not
there there we go have to please because
my laptop is right there no no your your
your definition of fun is very strange
to me Oh getting the battery oh that's
the thing to keep in mind now that's
true all right okay now I have to get
batteries out valve is not going to
contact us and ask for permission to use
this footage that's the thing that's
never gonna happen
okay officially getting batteries out is
a big pinch my fucking finger there's a
thing yeah I know but look the thing
that's fine that's fine it pinched my
finger a crazy man it pitched my fear
you're a crazy man you sound like one of
your children okay there I have fresh
batteries in mine too news on yeah great
it sounds like it's hungry yes stomachs
growling
bleep booby all right okay wait
all right that's not recognizing mine at
all I uh
let's miss that go to go to uh hey I
just oh yeah okay battery level is 100
for me at a steam controller enter
validation code rich okay okay right now
we're trying again
okay we have two controllers full
batteries and I know they go bad these
are the batteries that came with it
right I think that was mine showing up
at three bars those are fresh fresh
batteries both but both say a hundred
percent I think it's just reading cause
mine was lower all right all right both
say there are 100 percent it's fine
that's fine okay library portal 2 unless
that's not battery unless that's
connectivity it'll look like a better
all right here we go trying it again
trying to trying it again rich there
might be a lot of issues because we are
trying to use - that could be it some of
the data saying that might be I
recognized them both rich mochi yes soma
is alien isolation without the alien
it's alien isolation with other enemies
what nothing it's alien isolation with a
good story is what it is and it's so
boring unfortunately as a game it's
boring this is story I want to read the
novel it's like a alright imagine
imagine a really good science fiction
movie that's like pace to be like a
two-hour long movie and then stretch
that out into 15 hours yeah where you're
just like walking from different
locations on the base and like nothing
is happening
hmm that's soma press X on controller -
okay
that's yeah soma was not a lot was was
just not a lot of game not a lot of
gameplay that's right two controllers
one dongle and to hack this is this
controller is the stream and any issues
we're having that's that's part of this
yeah that's this is all we're doing
today is just messing around with this
oh we also know we need to do a so
here's a couple loose so jack is on the
left and rich is on the right
it does feel loose cuz trackball is
enabled so here's here's the good and I
really want to use both the pads - all
right for now here's the good in the bad
about trackball so what you can do is
kind of flick and spit oh you have it's
the trackball huh oh no no it's it's
default set to track I don't know okay
then we can oh god we're gonna change
for one or not the other are we both
stuck with it oh no no I don't want it I
don't want it either track the off and
then sensitivity I turn mine up a little
bit that seemed to help okay okay I
think actually this is a big problem if
if we get if both controllers have to be
with the same setting yeah
all right now it is trackball off for
you yeah okay great so now that track
falls off we get a little more into the
meat of what this is I'm on the I'm
yellow on the right-hand side it's weird
it's gonna take some getting used to
yeah isn't this strange I'm actually
miner Hank yeah
Hey
create a my blue portal all right what's
the buzz up here is that puzzle here did
we just go well we need the where we
where we trying to you know that's far I
think we just go through the door I
can't create oh this is the pad nice
all right there we are yeah you kind of
remember this down to the door I went
down this door that's down here which is
probably fine I'm shooting the portal
this thing oh yeah the coral coming
connected I've never played co-op in
this before so this is all completely
right oh did you go down here yeah
oh they are I okay
what is happening and we're living great
we're almost thinking
so yeah what amazes me what I've been
doing like when I first got the steam
controller we needed to think with
portals okay there's the thing over here
oh yeah well so like I just started
playing like the first thing I played
with it was rocket League yeah just just
to like you know get comfortable holding
it and then I've just been picking up
tf2 like a mofo oh we both get two
portals I get blue and purple how do I
use the other oh okay oh so you need we
need to put the banner down you Jack
move your blue portal on it anywhere
else anywhere else just trying to make
it a little there and remember we can
adjust the sensitivity yeah it's very
strange cuz like this thumb pad is all
you have to work with and it's it can be
very sensitive I have been like I have
thumb fatigue
for the first time in many years in my
gaming career because it requires very
dramatic thumb movement we have to use
this for something
all right over here oh I guess I'm
blocking off those guys which is fairly
important yeah so now we jump into this
you can bind that to like the trackpad
right you can make that
yeah like click down the down the
trackpad that's I think ultimately what
I'm going to end up doing sir
oh you need to put your portal up all
right and eat your eggs
well now it makes sense we're learning
through failure
just like in real life we're learning
through failure look at how unsteady
that is huh
look at how unsteady that it's just how
instead of your thumb is it takes very
like precise thumb movement actually
like rolling your thumb house like for
precise movement like just put your tip
put your tip down and then like we just
roll your thumb up and down and then you
know for bigger it's not a question I
should never be asking well if I need to
roll it you should be comfortable and
intuitive that motion is important Jack
needs to go
see these the white things are very
honest you want to sit down your first
one first and then I'll switch mine know
about there here
ah probably rich ah hey okay ready that
is difficult and it shouldn't be
difficult yeah I'm ready it's it's
learning this is a whole new way to
learn all right now you have to switch
it to the next one yeah
did we do it yeah hey me do it our first
puzzle oh we have more what fuck indeed
I think your sensitivity requirements
are far different than mine
sure we came through the game through
here yeah we came through here yeah so
let me go this way I'm saying we need to
get to that blue thing so we need to get
rid of this blue bar we need to get rid
of this thing okay so get rid of your
red thing okay
what was that bad good to see bad guys
so no not bad guys
well maybe we do need
can we jump over that way all right we
need a blue portal down here and then
somewhere else okay cuz this robots
there they're blocked okay I wonder if I
can oh yeah I can I can go way up there
oh so then we can go yeah you figured it
out huh those sort of probably needed to
do something about that but we made it
isn't that the question rich isn't that
always the question now what yeah we
probably need that I thought I had what
I wanted eh probably need that
eventually that's too late now okay I
think I need to go back down yeah
shit
I'm going up
is there up Dakota no this is a nice
game to practice this practice is
controllable - dad you don't we don't
need the quick action so like this is
sucking in the vortex you just you just
took away my egress sorry oh yeah don't
forget to put your force field up you
can do this rich Oh
the most important I am obviously I
haven't fucked around much sensitivity
but it just doesn't want to set her ever
it wants to dance around what I'm trying
to aim at and it's kind of frustrating
yeah it's you know it's I think that's
more just like you getting used to it
thing I don't know I don't know I'm
unconvinced you're unconvinced
I mean you you've held it in your hand
for exactly eight minutes I'm
unconvinced doesn't mean definitely yes
it's a the only answer I think I need to
do oh that's the any better it dies me
oh that dyes me Oh Oh hold on try it I
want to test something out
don't go in okay what are you doing
where is sensitivity see what it says
camera move
yeah and then the sensitivity was -
higher - lowered what does why I don't
remember anything do one of the try
turning it down
yeah yeah you have to press a again to
confirm press a you have to press a
again to confirm
I didn't want to change that probably
wouldn't bother going in there in the
first place what if you hit it
accidentally then I go back sure
shall we
that's not working
so apparently if rich goes into the
change of controller options it breaks
the game that's weird
I just turned off my controller that's
weird
that's a delight that's a delight I
returned a game that's it like that's
literate like that you you guys didn't
see what he was doing but he went to the
big picture in steam change your
controller settings tweak to the
sensitivity and then came back and poof
that's a little upsetting yeah I want
this fucking thing to work I really want
this to work
come on the controller won't work for a
few seconds because it's real what
writing the firmware and has nothing to
do with it breaking ok mr. Trott smile
so now it should work how long is a few
seconds that's a good question
I do Oh is it working all right no also
where's my control whoa does that mean
I wish you guys could see the typing
we'll do that eventually eggs a game if
you can press the button harder mr. shy
smile I don't I don't know sensitivity
Jack right back where was right smack
dab back where it was okay I hit B but
don't hit anything else yet or hit B
again and just wait a couple seconds
okay no I put new batteries in both rich
and I have are a hundred percent
batteries so we are good there alright
ready play and now if you want to change
your sensitivity I'll do it because I
alright
urge to kill babies is slowly rising it
is a little hold on let me I'm just
gonna go into here and you you do it to
make sure you touch everything okay your
sensitivity is how you had it okay play
cooperative game nope yeah give it a
couple seconds give it a couple seconds
mr. shy smile I'm gonna go ahead and say
you're full of shit it's not working
it's now it's it this is broken this is
not this is broken
why is this so difficult I don't know I
think it's because we have two plugged
in deck that's the only thing because I
when I was I I did this before yeah it
was working fine when I was just playing
Team Fortress 2 it's it's not working
it's I went in to double-check the sense
I didn't even change anything I went
it's just a double check that Richard
sensitivity changes took place and it
did that closed application I listened
mr strannix panel I get it that it
that's what happens to you it's a goof
it is a goof I don't get it
but it's frustrating mr. Sherr smell
what what would you like us to do
basically what now we have to play the
game but not mess with any other control
settings that's what I'm gonna say play
checkers with the steam control we
probably could the new steam controller
you know what it is it's new they got a
lot of bugs to work out so far all right
I'm not even touching it either don't
touch anything
all right now press X okay put the
controller down touch your toes
okay here we are again successfully
returning to the central hot room from
here you can see yeah you can definitely
tell that the sensitivity is down we'll
see if I can even things anyway what I'm
gonna this way cuz that had a number one
on it to your left
no over here
Oh showing up here I don't know if this
is the right place to go yeah sure does
okay team-building I'm ready I'm ready
shouldn't the bugs have been worked out
no they did it they did a small beta
release with a different piece of
hardware and now they're they're doing a
wider release oh no the bugs thankfully
it's not released for another month
that's right yeah this is just like
early release humans need to be taught
teamwork
there's everything you can shoot you're
supposed to shoot at oh you probably
have to shoot at a thing in there the
doorway over there opened up yeah
because I'm standing on this button no
because we're both standing about
there's a door over here open to this
door that's open okay turn around
okay there you go
portal where I'm aiming no I already had
a portal we're in that it's fine all
right yeah there we go easy okay great
teamwork collaboration keep in mind that
like Albert Einstein and his cousin
Barry history will only remember well
there you go
you know so like the III a USB connected
Xbox 360 controller is my control of
choice that's what I use 100% of the
time a big give with this is the
trackpad
this trackpad is gonna make a brake
controller is supposed to give you the
accuracy of a mouse with the feel of a
controller this is in theory this
controller is exactly the thing I've
been looking for I didn't want to use
the analog I want to use this as the
analog is what I want to do this feels
like a look at sup and I don't even know
how I feel about that you know I like
that I like the joystick
I'm over here now you know I hope
nothing thank you
what I didn't make it there in time Oh
Jack I wasn't paying attention it's uh
there we go
right you should wall shoot a thing on
that wall that wall alright now I'm
gonna open it you come back through okay
are you ready I'm ready
all right come back oh you got behind me
yeah thank you very thoughtful are you
through
yes I am we did it we did it
what tell us how it is on tf2 um it's it
it takes some getting used to is how
what it does it's different it's very
different
my biggest complaint so far is the way
you have to hold it to like work the
trackpad correctly
it feels does it feel like a stretched
you to hit the shoulder buttons right
now no no it feels like a stretched at
the shoulder buttons for me my fingers
are kind of naturally lying on the first
oh no no the shoulder but these yeah
yeah like now go go from trigger to
bumper that feel weird view like in tf2
you have two weapons which other you
know and so like that's the bumpers for
me probably a little less of a height
difference but where's that there's a
there's a height difference instead of
like it's not a deal breaker I'll say
that no nothing nothing's a deal breaker
and that's just like a thing that I
really noticed right away oh there take
the portals portals man keep it here
I'll come over here and press this
button
it'll be great how do you press buttons
again x-scissor time thing and there's a
thing over here trigger
wait there's symbols there's an order to
this triangle and X all right we have to
do these in time oh I see so triangle X
dot moon so you get by I'm da I'm ready
for it done do we have to do them in
order yeah see it's up there which for
my triangle its first yeah triangle
okay its triangle and then you're by X
Nelly then you go down you through your
Porter till X X is the one by me yep try
and go good now come through and do that
oh I see okay you know what I think um
it doesn't matter as long as they're
done in time I think I think you need to
do triangle and moon let's you need to
why can you do that why do I have to do
move well cuz we ran out of triangle we
ran out of try it like it starts at
triangle all right just just hit yours I
don't know that it matters what order
I'm not sure it does I think we just got
to do them all on the timer okay okay
I'm certain No
oh okay yeah I guess you're right rich
is right
oh a thing hey don't take my thing
yeah so far
tf2 is strange it's like one I'm
relearning how to just play tf2 because
I've been haven't played in so long
and it's here like this trackpad is
something else that's all you want it's
just it's just interesting communication
teamwork and mutual respect I'm not
employed at all times naturally this
will pose an interesting challenge for
one of you given the others performance
Hey
I do I need a cue what are we gonna do
with it
you probably point it like here I'm
gonna laser you knocked out
that he is facing your portal okay now
you have the time assuming dissin
portals I can't go through I can't go
through there because it just goes to
empty space all right
oh you know what can you make it come on
off this wall yeah
nice oh no nope
wait I can move the yeah wait baby dad's
is up remember I got I got I just wanna
say Rich's team work has been back my
back I got has been uh has been the Mars
Attacks
robots oh that's oh we got some Trudy
BOTS getting off the bus what I I did
not know that was gonna crush how I'm
sure you didn't I didn't I was sure you
had no idea that was gonna crop to Cuba
Cuba so now you you managed a Cuba Cuba
and I'll drop these things so you can
laser the robots
like it's gonna work
oh the tea glass no we'll probably need
to use some parlors yeah
with this portal II Bob
oh here's another way to use another
laser laser module rich there's another
lay out you fuck you know my boy you've
ran into a laser may Bop legs are people
hopping nope well you can I'll be here
you tell me when you need something yeah
so yeah like big complaint so far is is
my thumb hurts from get from gaming too
much but you know not the moist this
thing eventually will spurt something oh
wait if you press the button yeah you
need to you need to put a blue portal up
there and then one on the wall where
it's going see where I'm
no over all the way over there then you
need to put the purple one yeah
I can tell you that at least one of you
is doing very if a controller is giving
you pain its failing as it as a
controller you know that's going to be
part of the review I don't know I don't
know if it's just I have not experienced
this way well I have significantly more
play time than you do right now but I
mean it's to me it's the same as any
controller so far where like if you play
any game for long enough you're gonna
get a little fun what partnership with
one of you handling the cerebral
challenges I'm the other ready to
Honduras me waddle into action
that's such anything so you press the
left on the one and then you use the
other ones that kind of control wait
press left where this one okay whatever
yeah I got two options I got waving and
rock-paper-scissors like if you're
playing online and didn't feel like
talking to anyone you stand here dummy
right we got some buttons
okay I'm great I can press a button -
yeah I think you might have to so
somebody needs to get over there and
shoot through that glass
no shit
I'm over here now oh here we go
oopsie doops os-- the top-down yeah are
you stay away from everything let me see
what button does well well
well part of stay away from everything
don't you understand I've apparently
stay away from everything okay I see
what happens yes okay you go across oh
you just okay I'm across all right can
you go down between whoa all right on
the ground where you are yeah
shoot an orange or blue or whatever
portal okay now go back up back up stop
what turn shoot the other wait actually
know what you might be able K just
walking in the walk in there oh no and I
meant not in the hole I mean I'm sorry
that's my fault
forward so you hit the wall right stand
of tenants stand on top of the Ella
crate don't go in the hole
okay grab the thing now we need to get
you back out Oh so began I'm gonna move
elevators okay back up you know
I gotta get you better oh we're gonna
heat back up can you shoot a portal up
above you like like turn around and look
up can you hit that yeah that's where
you need to go all right drive yourself
in the cube through actually yeah
can you get on top of that you okay
forward forward and all right there's
the egress myself back up to where you
is all right and then we got a where's
the thing when you do tonight
yeah
you got this yeah yeah we're good using
science collaboration voice the truth is
every aspect of your performance will be
reflected in my final score for instance
orange you just lost to opportunity
advisement points
that's what this GLaDOS being wonderful
Oh
riches brain is hacking absolutely so
like what do you what do you think I'm
good to give you shit blah - good news -
list of less than an hour actually using
it
yeah it's it's nice is what I want to
say Mike it's it's nice in your hand as
a controller like I feel good about it
sitting in my hand wouldn't it wouldn't
make for a very good stream I would want
to spend like like an hour or two just
finding the button configuration layout
yeah it's it surprises me that you want
to use the other pad for the direction
lion-o joystick seem to work so well not
really
in for a penny in for a pound I do a
half-assed Jack okay you know so I can
ignite one of two things
wait what is this
that's disintegrated man oh that just
spawns the cube again oh okay in case we
need yeah case we need it spawned again
okay so the oh there's also a thing over
here no matter what you need to be here
yeah wrong button for jumping okay so
this one like seems so you know move
some leverage over there and then this
one what happens to be shooting this one
here
all right so you're gonna need to do
that okay okay
this one
oh I think it needs important yeah yeah
I start doing actually start doing now
okay forget the ice I'll keep doing it
and then I have to quickly move to the
other okay oh I could just Ricky grazing
that's good that'll give you some time
okay
through
okay what happens happen over there yeah
we'll find out while we get here oh
there is a shoot for you where can you
get to oh I can get to that first
platform oh yeah okay then I can get to
that first platform if you can get over
there
well heck yeah dog these are the
greatest games usually with a goal of
not failing horribly
Jack: These are the greatest games. "Portal" is a great game. 
Rich: It's fine.
Jack: Huh? 
Rich: It's fine. 
Jack: It's a great game. "Portal" is a great game. I, I, you know, there's a lot of hyperbole...
Rich: No, I like a lot of 'em.
Jack: ...a lot of exaggeration, and, and game criticism. But Portal is great games.
Rich: How, how quickly would "Portal" get without GLaDOS? 
Jack: It, it doesn't matter. It's, that's a moot point. She's in there. And, you know what, I, I'll tell ya I didn't...with, uh, Wheatley, I did not like Wheatley as much as GLaDOS.
Rich: Oh, Wheatley's great!
Jack: Eh, I didn't like him as much.
Rich: Or Watley? 
Jack: Or whatever. I also, uh, you know what, uh, though, uh, though I love J.K. Simmons, Cave Johnson just didn't do it for me. Yeah. Yeah. I'm just straight up, putting that out there. I'm not saying he was bad. I'm not saying that, uh, I'm not saying that, like, he took away from the game, but...it just got old. His whole schtick just got old. Just, it, it got old, you know? Like, that's kind of the thing that J.K. Simmons does, or di,d and, uh...in a lot of stuff, you know, I just didn't...didn't, uh, didn't feel as fresh. GLaDOS...didn't feel as, GLaDOS was a nice enemy. I'm not saying it was bad. Just didn't...didn't like it as much as GLaDOS .
S
