Rich is Awesome...oh and Doom 3 (Part 1)
January 25, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6VVxwv2Tlpg

they've turned the Sun slightly
prematurely because I did not think to
turn the lights down in the actual room
I'm in and if I'm playing doom three
that's probably what I should do also I
need to change the the title here
title broadcast playing doom three
should come up in this this handy list
they have a listing for do four that's
not out yet that's really weird really
weird broadcast language what should I
say English does does English some about
right to everybody everybody agrees on
English
okay I'm gonna refresh this and save it
actually change the title yes no it did
not
why did you not for crying out loud
for crying out loud well the room is not
even letting me edit it no I'm just
gonna assume a tuck
whatever whatever all right I'm gonna
run doom three this is uh vanilla no
mods no flashlight or anything like that
just the normal normal games it appeared
first time in stores and whatnot all
right I take it my audios good everybody
can hear things okay now um this is me
streaming alone at first jack will show
up later and you know I'm going to just
remind everybody that this is a rich
stream so don't don't expect to talk
fest all right I might have done what I
did the last time which was I just I
just played a game while I was waiting
for Jack to show up with no mic it's
kind of like a kind of like a pre stream
kind of thing and everybody got angry
that that there was well not really
angry but letdown though there was game
going on with absolutely no audio not
realizing that kind of saw that is like
a bonus thing you know better to see the
game than nothing but this time I'm just
gonna turn my mic on and fuck it
whatever happens happens if I if I say
nothing well hey I got the fucking mic
on what do you want out of me this game
the game too loud game versus me sound
okay alright everybody seems to think
things sound good that's a good sign so
here we go new game fucking I'm a
veteran dammit
Kent can hear the game at all all right
well there is game audio you're just not
hearing it which huh do I think I'm good
enough of this game to play and sing at
the same time well I can't sing what I'm
not playing a game what makes you think
I can game and sing all right I'm gonna
have to fix that game audio cuz when
Jack does call in he's gonna be using
that same kind of output like the mic
and everything else are separate and
when Jack calls in it's gonna be Skype
so he's not gonna be coming through on a
mic he's gonna be coming through it like
the rest of the computer audio so hey
wait for this cutscene and then I'll try
and fix that
well Jack be insanely drunk again jack
Jack will drink as much as he wishes to
entirely up to him did i watch the new
venture brother I didn't even know there
are their eyes season 5 started all
right we have a subscriber and the way
this chat window there's something
blocking it I can't see the name yet but
I will thank you as soon as I can read
you full name smiling strange thank you
for subscribing five months in a row now
well I really appreciate that that's a
sincere one that's what you get for five
months you get a sincere thanks I hope
it was fucking worth it what what does
rich Evans do on Sunday afternoons well
today I was painting space cup
miniatures
oh that okay um game has started I'm
going to attempt to fix the audio bug
here all right you guys you I'm sure
you'll tell me if that's too much yes
yes no I don't go to church on Sunday in
fact I I don't ever go to church and you
know what I I don't miss it at all I
never I never did and oh great I'm not
looking at the screen and there's an
other subscriber this is amazing that's
great that's terrific
um psycho Bob 35 thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
all right well this is kind of weird I
got a secondary monitor so I can see the
chat and oh god I have to redo I have to
no wait no I got to do all my key
bindings that's that's great but it's
like the glare from the screen is really
weird because doom 3 everybody else dude
3 is dark and why when I hit escape is
doom 3 not going to a menu this is my
own what settings should be right that's
right all right that's right for that
now options controls why did this remap
I could swear I set my controls
no wait
alright alright
now what I want from jump
that works
this'll don't use them on she can go
there shot gonna use you all the time
you can go there Shingen
yes yes
plasma guns a favorite
BFG
I probably won't get that tonight get to
that one tonight but I'll set it anyway
machine saw I'm not using you a
flashlight that's right we're playing
doom for three
what the fuck Oh somebody subscribe for
watching me set my controls so that's
fascinating part my open broadcaster
screen is blocking the chat so I can't
read the full name till it Scrolls up
just a little bit so be Vell thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
alright
other rough I got yes I'm fine
this all finally I make a quick save
button bring us cuz that bit me in the
ass before oh I forgot to apply changes
Oh No
I think it all second right
what the fuck yeah click on click on
save just in case fit alright another
subscriber stickman grip thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
alright here we go we're playing game
we're playing game and I got my fist up
for some reason
well I I am glad you all enjoyed Karen
she's she has great people that's that's
why I'm going to marry her putting a
ring on that I guess you guys want me to
get to the good bits and that's it not
to fart around look at all this crap
I'll have it set up your quarters okay
there's a few things we need to take
care of first this is your personal data
assistant you'll need this to access all
secure areas if you get clearance for
any security zones it'll download
directly it's important so don't lose it
I see here that sergeant Kelly has
requested your immediate attention
head directly to Marine Command it's
just that way follow the signs
Mars city is a smoke-free facility we
smoke only in designated areas thank you
for your cooperation
haven't seen you before you must be with
that new detachment coming to check on
I'm here because there seems to be some
very serious problems oh really
do I need to remind you of the
groundbreaking work that we're doing
here no but I've been authorized by the
board to look at everything the board
authorized you the board doesn't know
the first thing about science all they
want is something to make them more
money some product don't worry they'll
get their product after how many
accidents tell me dr. Betruger why are
so many workers spooked complaining
requesting transfers off Mars they
simply can't handle life here they're
exhausted and overworked if I had a
larger more competent staff and bigger
budget even these few accidents could
have been avoided
I'm afraid you'll get nothing more until
my report is filed with the board I will
need full access dr. Petrova Delta
included I won't have any difficulties
doing that will
only if you get lost suam just stay out
of my way amazing things will happen
here soon
you just wait
let's go see so I'm reading the chat so
you guys think this looks bad and
they've aged all right I mean you got to
remember when this came out this was
fucking state-of-the-art did I miss now
what I'm going back for is did I did I
miss the break room and and super turkey
puncher I don't think so
I don't think so all right we're gonna
move on I'll show you what that is when
I get to it oh yes in game audio because
people think it's quiet you know when I
tested this before the stream it seemed
like the game audio was really loud but
apparently not apparently not all right
game audio has been turned up you know
what I'm gonna move the screen over so I
can read these subscribers right when
they come up god damn it and where's my
mouse it's not letting me do that on
it's just me that's just that works
all right who subscribe to our 5d for
says no means no go fuck yourself and
thank you for subscribing but mostly go
fuck yourself alright pick the game what
where is it at here we go here just get
yours the breakroom soda machines TV
people want me to read everything in the
game but to imagine I'm alone in that
shit zone this week in before jump
scares thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate this is this is the
game in the game which uses some of the
dooms FRA it's obviously not the turkey
but that fist is from the classic doom
and just punch turkeys you do this
enough you get an email on your PDA that
breaks you but this this is what was
considered high tech in the world before
iPhones look at it it has buttons
it actually has buttons which you know
computers now don't have buttons just in
doing alright I need a gun I need to
look only through was repair the
converters when they blow okay that's it
what's overloading them so much I mean
how much them follow do they need I
wouldn't ask him if I was you man I
heard Travis started poking around and
he got transferred fast didn't even seem
Lee
hell no one saw him was hit one minute
on the next fucking bastard
attention doctor we're almost exciting
we will see the sergeant killer you know
I'm gonna say for a base on Mars there's
an awful lot of troopers here you think
a base on Mars would be a hard thing to
to take military wives and they wouldn't
really need all of this but alright
there's a sweet time marine now here's a
situation another member of the science
team has gone missing since you're the
ranking FMG you get to find him I want
you to check out the old decommissioned
comm facility we heard he might be
heading that way the only way there is
through the service passage under Mars
city I've programmed this century to
guide you to the maintenance elevator
hope you follow the century better than
you followed orders so far here at the
security checkpoint at the bottom of the
elevator oh when you find him just bring
him back do not hurt him now move out
attention UAC personality interested in
earning more credits volunteer at Delta
labs today see your service branch
director David Carter said he said that
he saw some strange creatures of
somewhere down in Delta he said it
wasn't human
you know what robot came back to me just
tell me uh that's what he said I don't
know if it's true no reason I can't wait
to get out of here all right move on
robot Z last man thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
the UAC cares about the quality of life
of its employees please take advantage
of our quality medical care services
I figured what it is
ah Oh click to continue yes yes yes
do I have something that tells me what
the code is young
I don't see numbers nope
it's possible I missed it
ebolas seven medical research our
advanced farnum's pharmaceutical team
needs volunteers to participate in
exciting medical studies help us find
cures everything from the common cold to
Ebola seven that's great all right there
any other longs video longs or something
that shows me nothing that's gonna have
that code in it all right I guess I get
it later I know I come back this way
what am I missing this lighter no oh
click on a dump the future doors don't
open automatically
Star Trek got it wrong
welcome to the dungeon marine most
unexcited place on Mars I'm gonna need
you to grab some armor and secure your
pistol before I can pass you through
security okay grab your gear now you're
ready for combat let me do a radio test
marsac radio check excellent good signal
looks like you've been assigned the
decommission comm facility just follow
the main passage through the underground
Junction and straight out you'll have
quick evac I mean what better way to see
the Martian surface then you'll run
across it okay you're all set oh yeah
keep in mind civilians are working down
here
don't get excited shooting
hey you're looking for the scientists
right oh I'm supposed to be scared oh I
was startled
I forgot everybody I'm sorry never
Scotty
I've done this a million times it's not
that hard why don't you crawl your fat
ass down here to it yourself because I'm
getting paid to make sure you do it just
finish the coupling so we can continue
rich talk about your gaming memories
what kind of cheesy shit is that
this is grant Basten the environmental
services supervisors date is October
19th I've been hearing an alarming
number of reports on some unexplainable
things being on another planet and
working underground has always been a
little spooky so we always have the
occasional report of strange things so
what is worrying me is the fact that the
number of these reports are up by a lot
people are truly frightened the room is
we're hearing about experiments from the
Delta complex are not helping the power
fluctuations aren't helping at all
either having the lights flicker
constantly and losing power for several
minutes at a time is scaring everyone
down here I'm doing my best to keep
people on track we're continually
short-handed someone's reporting in sick
almost every day I'll keep my director
apprised of the situation and will
continue to log reports as I get them
this is the audio log of Maintenance
Technician a timber Naish dated November
10 21:45 fixed the couplings on the heat
shields this morning with no problems I
did however have another odd experience
while I was down there shortly after
finishing the first coupling adjustment
I distinctly heard whispering when I
went to investigate the sounds I found
nothing check the work logs and I was
the only person scheduled to be in that
area today that experience coupled with
the stories I've heard from some guys
over that Delta laughs had me pretty
freaked out I'm really beginning to hate
going down at the underground
maintenance area people down there a bit
off mumbling weird looks all places just
plain creepy I'm always expecting
someone to jump out of me I've secured
my tools and the busted modulator the
storage cabinet next to the maintenance
elevator technicians should use cabinet
code three nine six to access them end
of log see security codes and whatnot
are like hidden in PDAs so if I go over
here pretty sure it was this cabinet
three nine six Oh was it three six nine
maybe that's the other cabinet oh for
crying out loud
Oh for what Syd what was surgery let me
do this right sir surgery thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it and
oh my god six months in a row CSA I
sincerely appreciate that thank you very
much thank you for helping me buy a new
computer everyone seemed sick I was
three six nine I thought it was too must
be a different locker Oh
this guy's not any of these machines
running it's just that the science team
demands a lot out of these things
enough excuses just do your job and get
the science team what they need well I'm
doing everything but I just can't
explain some of the things that have
been happening to the systems it's weird
just get it done
what do you do I still your gun you got
a problem with that
these things don't you I can get fucking
just tell me the whole marine this is
sergeant Kelly you need to double-time
it down there search your assigned area
haul your ass back to Mars city Oh
you know I kind of like the interactive
panels in this where you just Mouse your
cursor over doesn't put up a separate
screen a giant X doesn't appear in the
bottom of the screen until you know that
you can press the button and you just
you just interact with the screens I
don't know why doom does that better
than a games have come out ten years
later but it does
Wow I have to clipped open the door
huh no no please you must let me get
this communication out they have to be
warned while there is still time I can't
let you don't know what I've seen you
can't possibly understand or comprehend
the devil is real I know I built this
cage
oh boy yep damn it oh fuck sake I can't
it shit this is sergeant Kelly we're
under attack by an unknown enemy force
called back to marine HQ to regroup that
was awful
that was embarrassing is what that was I
say again fall back to marine agent
await further orders
why leaders give sitrep over
command HQ this is Bravo Team we got one
marine down command HQ this is fire
chief Joe like sports systems only
civilian casualties
also is there not always run option nope
I don't see it
yo that right there it's creepy I like
where is this shotgun damn it
say I'm gonna need to get up here
how do I get up there I know there's got
to be a way to get up here what is it
that doesn't work nothing I can climb
I guess I got trying one from here that
seems weird all that worked I want to
change my run jump on yourself
that's right that's my jumping
like that is my flashlight hold on gonna
do some tweaking here
where is Sprint Telstra Terrace
no problem buddy
shotgun alright thanks for looking up
things are looking up
do you need ammo
but for now we'll run them with the
shotgun
then actually got a little star a lotta
me and I know this game is full of crap
like that
I'm feeling it I'm feeling it
let me Madison
what this game is not letting me go to
the desktop which means hello
do would not let me alt-tab out of the
game is that what you're playing doom
three you're playing doom 3 why what do
you sound like you have contempt that
was supposed to sound like I was
questioning why are you playing doom 3
holy shit
turn Jack up you know that sounds a foe
this is Jack - Jack is Tom okay you know
I'm gonna I'm gonna kill the stream and
then turn it back on because for some
reason when you don't start with Skype
on the audio seems like weird and quiet
I've noticed yeah some I'm gonna stop
stream then I'm gonna start back up
again also Jack yeah can you tell me
what the stream is titled I just read a
little bit you'd okay because I did and
then it didn't change and then the edit
button disappeared you know sometimes it
does funny things I just retitled they
want to do three and update it what you
were playing alright my original my
original title was Rich's awesome
oh and oh and doom 3 ok ok
great alright kill the stream and then
I'm going to turn back and then I'm
going to resurrect I am more powerful
more powerful than Jesus Jesus
resurrected one person and himself I'm
going to kill the entire stream and
resurrect them so what do we had like
500 people ish yeah yeah I'm gonna kill
them all and raise them that's great
