Chat-lunky (Part 1)
February 18, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9V5ZHtEJQP4

let me know if the games to love people
so well what we decided would be best
he's just talking yeah just talking
because you know it's been a while since
we've had a talkie episode Master of
Orion tube is a bit of a deep deep game
it's not a it's not a shit around and
bullshit it's nobody knows what's
happening in the game so we're gonna
have a so we're gonna sit around a
bullshit for a little bit okay game is
fine now okay so we're gonna sit around
a bullshit while me jack I mindlessly
plays with you Jack and I are all
playing me Jack and I are all gonna play
a little spoiler you because I love this
game and this is a game that I can play
kind of in the back of my brain while I
have a conversation and what I'm trying
to turn Mike some pics
just playing us what are we are we water
enough now or do we need to be louder
did you get rid of your save oh yeah I
want to start the scratch
yeah well fuck you I'm gonna get just
leave it again that's fine you know what
fuck you gotta go visit or is again
that's all right what smells better ham
or coconuts what I'm gonna say ham cuz I
don't like the smell of coconut I done
us
I don't like coconuts I like coconut in
some things
this smells better Pam I like the smell
of ham it's ham hundred percent well
your other bar on smelling ham all day
or coconut
ham ham yeah 100% Hannah all right
Hannah all the goddamn time coconut
you're weird
it's just since the guy who wants to
smell ham all day fuck you I wanna smell
ham all day
smell the gut damn ham in the world
nothing it's just about swapping balance
well swap there are no advantages static
characters it's just different skins and
all right they don't have like like
Mario - they should all have different
abilities what's the point then of
having different characters if they're
all the exact same thing so you can look
like different things when you play who
cares well let's say for example you are
a lady playing this game maybe you want
to play as a lady spelunker okay and
then you have two characters you have a
guy and a girl let's say you're a tiny
asian boy because they have a tiny
Haitian boy kid okay or let's say you're
a robot a robot let's let's say the
problem is like if you have a couple
like a small variety people then your
makes everyone else that isn't it
involved in that like even feel more
excluded sure they also have a very
robust modding community actually I saw
a couple really neat mods there's a
there's a Metroid mod going up where you
can play as Samus and like instead of
crouching down like this you turn into
the more fall and you use your laser
whip and stuff and when you've the night
the space captain on the space got mud
for spelunky yeah we would play the shit
someone someone get on that and by we I
mean me damn near 20 years old hugging
people
like fan missions yeah yeah did I not
get any
oh I'm just gonna say no no I forgot I
had the bomb
stupid tutorials so right now you know
like what if you're an old Chinese guy
and you want to play the game right now
you can't you could feel you can feel
like like you're flying do they have a
little person mod a little person map
yeah
oh they're all kind of little wonderful
but I mean like an ant lay like a Peter
Dinklage like a little person
I mean maybe cuz if they don't then
they're excluding little people and then
that makes them feel worse yeah that's
true what if I'm an old Chinese man who
wants to play as a young black role you
can no you can't go they've got you
covered
don't worry they've got you covered it's
cuz I'm not paying attention because
these are tutorial yeah it's just like
just trying to get through them as fast
as I can
every side all of the time a Warwick
Davis Warwick Davis mine yeah
I'm sure this is where we gave us in
this game there's ever a Walmart or a
Star Wars matters I'm sure there's
something a leprechaun mod mmm that's
where Davis is defining role better or
worse it kind of is once Jack wouldn't
stand it
yeah I did not much care I think I
really liked it simple I like the art I
really like the art and the look of the
game is very fun but in general I did
not
what the fuck indeed split Adam thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it it's true we do so what if he ran as
of yet undiscovered he only had race
that wants to play is your only right
then you have to learn how to monitor
then you should get good but the alien
race they don't understand human
technology not to be able to buy the
game but they understand it enough to
play spelunky they work with an entirely
different alien programming language
they don't have binary they have trinary
oh the programming just makes no sense
to them sure sure what you know I think
I think that could be a great starting
off point with human alien relations III
just I was looking at different
characters to play and I I don't think
I've ever played as the little girl
before it's like I think I play so right
now there's only three but like there's
a bunch that's excluding a lot of people
you couldn't you unlock more as you play
okay
deep down inside jacket really just a
little uh for a lot of things yeah for
many many things I mean you heard me
kill that centipede the other day was
like kill the centipede
there was a centipede on my wall I was
like rose you're just like I'm the on
the street on stream yeah all the sudden
in the corner of my eye I see a fucking
centipede on my wall that's like I can't
play the game I don't don't mind me
I don't know the difference is there a
difference wasn't one of those things
that had so many legs it looks hairy no
okay
it had a lot of legs okay millipedes
visually haven't the shit shit someone
that's right I think this was the sign
of people okay
but I don't know I remember last time
I've seen a centipede been a while hmm
my old old apartment couple apartments
ago had a centipede problem yeah in the
summertime sometimes they just come out
yeah they come out of the woodwork it
happens it happens I know they don't
like do any harm rudder I don't think
they bite or anything they're just gross
they do me harm by grossing me out right
there just yucky nasty I just think
they're yucky
oh you and your exploitation not
exploitation it's a party game it's an
exploitation
this is totally exploitive this is this
is a balanced part of the game they
perfectly balanced portion of the game
that only that you only implement once
you've played the game enough to to
understand all the mechanics and it's
perfect you know high reward but also a
crazy hot fuck scene I was a pay
attention and I and I died instantly
yeah because because I I wanted to just
to run away but I was jumping like a
doofus and I got caught on the ledge
okay and then you can't run away you
have to jump down a bit because I was
fucking around that's what happened you
seen the trailer yeah I guess of course
they're remaking that too yeah that's
the thing is usually I hear about these
remakes like ahead of time yeah I didn't
even know that was a thing and then it's
like all the sudden the trailer was out
it was like oh I guess they got to that
one no no is that really a movie that
needs to be remade no just make another
haunted house movie insidious bit yep
kill another
well they don't kill the girl in the
first movie she gets trapped in the TV
which seems to still be the case it
looks like the exact same movie I'm
referring to the curse Oh Caroline in
real life yeah that's sad innocent she
died the older sister died after the
first movie she the one that was was
murdered by her ex-boyfriend yes yeah
that was the older sister from the first
movie how soon after the movies um well
Carol Anne the little blonde girl from
all three she died I want to say just a
couple months after they filmed the
third movie really yeah she was really
young and the older sister got murdered
after the first movie there's more I
don't know what the other curses are
there's a couple other people that died
it's been so long since I've seen the
second one I don't even remember I don't
think I remember about that is Kirk T
Nelson vomiting up a giant worm monster
it's like bad in the creepy old man it
really scared me as a kid that creepy
old man they found cement yeah yeah he
was fucking creepy yes free piece what
you're going for it worked
yeah that was great that really scared
me as a kid the old men played Kane died
of cancer the question is when I mean it
was old yeah I think snow shock I don't
even call it a curse well I think he
died it after the second one they had
the same character in the third one but
I think it was a different really I
think it's been so long since I've seen
those did he have cancer when they
filmed that because he looks like he
looked like a cancer patient yeah he
looks really bad I'm your CNA in those
movies the poltergeist for the first one
now everyone's in your face
everyone is I mean you know me with
remembering people and things he had
cancer at the time the movie was shot
okay yeah yeah you leave it that's kind
of a cynical yet ingenious casting
decision right if the guy wanted to do
the guy who looks like a corpse find me
a cancer patient I'm assuming it didn't
come about like bad let's let's hope
they didn't do that by me a cancer
patient so this seems quick haha that's
a double bonus though extra incentive to
film quickly which is cheaper tell the
Pedro's chemo sad sad things are
happening pay for his chemo I was
expecting to go further that and then we
won't ha ha that's Hollywood in the
eighties right they do that type of shit
we're lucky he'll die right before we
have to pay them right so next receives
that character we need to draw this on
just a little bit a little bit he was
coughing extra hard last week see what
happens and it should happen
accidentally put sugar why during his
chemo bags I say anything nobody's
checking yeah this is gone
this is how I'm gonna filmmaking 101
that's true I'm just gonna go out and
say I don't think that's true
but I wouldn't be surprised fucking
snakes and spiders de Sade did he look
like Jan Michael they actually the the
cancer patient look far classier than
poor Errol cancer cancer could only
improve Jim Michael Michael Jensen's
looks bright I hadn't seen him since I
saw the episode oh fuck uh jesus H
Christ it was the other guy in that
movie that we didn't even mention that's
on the cover it was Jan Michael Vincent
and some other actor
oh the the Marshall Marsh warden Ward
warden owner of er the two brothers what
are you talking about the guy that's
listed on the front of the box was Jan
Michael Vincent and another guy I think
it's the guy that plays warden word okay
but he was another kind of famous guy we
don't even mention him in the episode I
can't remember what his name is now
so the doctor should have been Cameron
Mitchell yeah everyone should be Cameron
Mitchell my mother's down lately
yeah they can't they can't all be they
can't all be prey
yeah I think we just got the good ones
right up front yeah I think we lucked
out and got the good ones and so we had
a misconception about how all Cameron
Mitchell movies would be although we do
still have on hold Hollywood cop which
we have not done for the show yeah he
gives a great performance in Hollywood
cop when you're down there when you're
down there in the muck in the filth and
there ain't no music down there that
pushes in that pimps and people like you
make that happen you may close all the
doors for you
check out supersonic man Oh supersonic
man and someone else mentioned raw force
sinnerman and mentioned raw force which
we received to blu-ray copies up in the
last couple weeks we probably should do
that sometime
raw force is a great name it's a great
cover - it looks good no it won't be the
next episode they probably won't be the
episode after that either because it'd
be too similar yeah we will do it we've
got so many movies oh yeah is there
absolutely oh yeah no well I believe you
guys you know I just hate honestly don't
even remember shooting did you leave
your body for that episode you're in the
episode I mean I remember scheduling it
it's on the calendar so I know it
happened you just don't remember
anything about the experience that's
weird
I barely remembered the movies
haha yes yes we should it would be very
fitting and no chat jack was not even
drinking for that episode right I think
you had like one beer yo I usually don't
drink much while I'm here because I'm a
lightweight and I have to drive it
wasn't yeah it wasn't it wasn't alcohol
that caused him did not remember and I
just his brain I just had a incredibly
poor memory and also like we shot the
these last two best of the worst
relatively close to one yeah
yeah like all the best of the worst kind
of bleed together but though those two
is special so this team does have spikes
in it it this game has spikes in it okay
yeah oh I suppose I shouldn't have
because you're just gonna delete to save
anyway yeah Ezard
how many snacks did I have that they no
no no or maybe one I think you know
usually on a on a best of the worst
filming I will have one beer like during
the second movie and then one beer
during the discussion maybe maybe but
not all the time I want to say I was
pretty dry for sci-fi sci-fi with left's
and with things on their arm sci-fi with
things in there that's the famous one
but we're not gonna do the warm but hi
I'm deuce I'm just going through them I
have no necessarily mission like like I
said this is just something that I can
play and hold the conversation with you
guys because I've played it so much okay
I just can't even with a leg even with a
game that you know what about with
checkers yeah you see I take checkers
more serious I guess that's true you're
very serious checkers player
did either of you guys but I think you
were stringing at the time the the sir
Night Live 40th anniversary thing did
either he see any of it no screaming
yeah I knew you're streaming I didn't
know if they'd be saw something after
the fact no I got it I got a chance to
watch a little bit of one of the digital
shorts because I know senator made it so
well there was only one yeah the the
Andy Samberg Adam Sandler one yeah yeah
that was cute it was all cute yeah not
all of it I mean it's like any Saturday
live was hitting this but don't Maurice
told the show he did his lounge singer
character and he did a love theme about
jaws and that was great could you make a
good Wayne's World sequel about what
what they're doing today how those two
characters probably not
we're like Dumb and Dumber we're talking
about that like I don't want to see
those characters I'm not that they're as
old as Jeff Daniels and Jim Carrey yeah
I don't think I think they're younger
right but either way they're old enough
where I don't want to see them do that
like gonna skip it's fine just cuz it's
like a you know on a semi life special
but yeah I want to see a movie about it
sure I think like well I'm not saying
they should be at the same position in
life just they wouldn't still be doing
the only thing I would like to see cuz
there's been talk of it is a third Bill
and Ted movie with those characters yeah
now and the fact that they're much older
and still kind of pathetic would be the
point of the movie like I gather from
Dumb and Dumber to like it's just I'm
doing the same she stick right yep yeah
by the way in some cases the exact same
jokes
ya know Bill and Ted like that concept
is weird the sequel is really fucking
weird and amazing and so they made a
third one and they kept it with that
sort of style of like what the second
one built on and just make it really
bizarre yeah like that has potential and
I know Keanu Reeves is like excited at
the idea of doing it like
about it so that's the only one I would
like to see and it's mild I think like
Wayne's World could pull it off just
because Mike Myers and Dana Carvey are
talented comedians yeah I mean they come
back a couple times in the last year's
on satellite and found Wayne's World
skit and it's been fine you know but I
don't know so they've come back before
they came back a couple years ago and
they didn't Wayne's World did huh yeah I
think they had a falling-out for a while
I think old I think Dana Carvey I just
had a general I don't know Michael Myers
was a fucking hip machine that's true a
little while but that was funny because
if you'd have ever liked people hating
each other like everybody hates a Chevy
Chase yeah and everybody always has cuz
he's a horrible prick so when they did
the they did like a Weekend Update thing
where they had four former Weekend
Update guys kind of introduced Chevy
Chase cuz he was the first one to do the
Weekend Update thing yeah and it was it
was Kevin Nealon Norma Donald's Colin
Quinn and what's-his-face the late-night
host guy now family
no not Fallon you know he never did the
Weekend Update the other one for Seth
Meyers
Jimmy Fallon a Weekend Update with Tina
Fey Jimmy Fallon Tina Fey did it
together
oh they did it briefly that's right no
I've been with Seth Meyers so they're
they're supposed to introduce you know
Chevy Chase yeah and you can tell not
like Norma Donald is the best like that
guys buddies and he's just like dragging
it out and you could tell it like
everything he was saying you're saying
it like sarcastically is nobody like so
great and you can tell you is making the
other guys on stage like slightly
uncomfortable again because he's Norman
Donald that's what he does
yeah cuz he don't give no fucks no no
Dennis Miller
chatez saying no Dennis Miller no he
wasn't there I don't think he has any
interest in going back
I remember way back may have the 25th
anniversary sir you want to stub another
shoe at that point 25th 2013 theta
special I think they did a 25th and 30th
okay I don't know if I ever saw those
you just throw a shotgun that woman's
face yes you know sometimes rich faces
what do you do at a time travel they
didn't have it in Hell in idea they've
talked about it I think the idea what
the third one is that there however old
they are now yeah
and they still haven't accomplished what
they were supposed to do which was
create world peace through their music
so then like wondering if that's ever
gonna happen so they're just like
pathetic old man okay they don't know
where we go from there but sure did I
mean that kind of happened in the
sequence of the second yeah they
probably have to wreak on that a little
bit but just bring back the Grim Reaper
here's the best part of the second one
William say look at the Grim Reaper's
yes very very true best four out of
seven ever thinking that bit was funny
when I first saw the movie and then a
couple years later I saw the Seventh
Seal it was like oh yeah that's a whole
bit that's a whole shtick with death
yeah I love that second Wayans or old
movie I like it more than the first one
second wings were loose are Bill and Ted
there we go there we go you know I think
we can all agree with you I don't know
if I can agree with you that I like it
more I think most people like the first
one more just because it's the first one
Billington yeah I think I like I like
the second more justice so creative yeah
and weird
the evil Easter Bunny and Easter basket
they visit Satan yes what else do you
need great one they bug people in heaven
there's a robot versions of them that
play basketball with their own head
second what is great
second one is good yeah I forgot about
the robot dance
and then they have to make good robot
thumbs with oh god I forgot even about
the bad robots the evil ones that kill
them right and I'm gonna stay out then
they have to make good robots fucking
dead Pam Greer's in the movie and it
turns out the Pam Grier is actually
George Carlin in disguise because of
course I watched recently I watched the
documentary about Richard Pryor and it
happens you watched a documentary about
Richard Pryor Richard Pryor and I had no
idea that he was like an item with Pam
Grier for a long time
yeah what happened because you whip the
whip there and over again well you know
it's the start of your run something
risky a stupid bet I'll be more
impressed if we do that near the end a
little help right
spam great still life she's still
awesome George Carlin's George Carlin is
not just in peace thanks for yeah
there's a funny anecdote in the
documentary where cos Richard Pryor was
like he had like seven wives like he
went through women like crazy but he was
dating Pam Grier and then he went to the
office of this is manager or someone
someone that he was close with he's like
hey I'm getting married tomorrow they're
like oh great so then he went off and
the guy he was talking to made a cake
that said congratulations Richard and
Pam and then the next day Richard Pryor
showed up with his wife it was not Pam
Grier but some other woman that he got
pregnant but so he just left Pam Grier
that day and married somebody else and
so the guy had to like fudge the cake
and they're interviewing some of his
ex-wives and it's like you know it's got
the lower third set their name and then
underneath it says like why four and
seven that's extra great it's it's a
good documentary Richard Pryor omit the
logic occult that sounds great huh I'd
like a know Gene Wilder in it though
well they don't I mean I know he's kind
of I mean he's still around he's older
to write his books okay yeah maybe no I
don't know how close they were in a
couple movies together but I guess I
don't know how close to work I think
they were close I think they were very
close like I heard that Richard Pryor
also hated Chevy Chase
everybody is Chevy Chase I think Chase
is a huge dickhead
like you hear that about people
sometimes you know like oh he's really
nice or he's a big dickhead and I just
think it's true at MJ's yeah they were
in the famous SNL sketch together skit
sketch together where they did that the
racial slur oh yeah oh that's right
that's right absolutely not dude today
I think that skits in there if I could
be remembering this I read this a while
ago that sketches in there because Chevy
Chase who thought he was the big star
insisted on having a sketch with Richard
Pryor oh really
Oh God Chevy Chase is still a dick there
was a there was a before that SNL 40th
thing there was like a red carpet thing
like a red carpet like an hour long
leading up to the special where they
were interviewing people on the red
carpet sure and as you do as he do and
someone was interviewing Chevy Chase and
they're like now you were you were a
part of the original cast right they're
not right they knew what they were like
now Chevy you were a part of the
original casts and Chevy Chevy Chase's
reply was part of it like implying that
he made the show like still he's still a
dick Wow
yeah the ego on that guy that's what you
always hear about him there's a great
story I think you can find it online
somewhere that Kevin Smith wrote about
meetings with Chevy Chase because he was
at one point gonna do it Fletch movie
Kevin Smith right right there's gonna be
Jason Lee but there's gonna be like wrap
around stuff with Chevy Chase
I mean tells the story about going out
to lunch with Chevy Chase and Chevy
Chase basically just taking credit for
every funny thing that anyone has ever
done in the history of comedy well he
was in that grade Paul Simon music video
that is a great video
daddy chase had some funny stuff I love
lemon vacation certainly could be funny
but oh god let's never please forget
nothing but trouble let's never forget
nothing but trouble that's a movie I
want to like just because it's so weird
and feels like it should be so now cult
movie but it's really bad you got your
waste of like John Candy and John can't
even drag and dan Aykroyd has a dick
knows like it's so bad the strangest
movie Demi Moore let me mark I love
nothing no trouble trouble nothing but
trouble nothing but troubles the trouble
the trouble that movies terrible yes not
Snoop Dog it's all digital under
Granberry okay yeah as long and they can
get off of there they can get out of
jail if they perform they perform the
wedding
yeah of drag drag John Candy and Chevy
Chase yeah
beautiful move until an egg ron was in
that movie and he just passed away
recently
he's the is the two couples it's Chevy
chasin to me more and then the other guy
in girl he's the other guy okay he's a
character after he was in stuff whatever
and he just passed away recently know
too bad rest in peace Taylor Negron
Taylor Negron sounds like a failure it
might have been I don't know that might
have been a stage name but you the funny
guy it sounds like a name that would
appear in like a like a fantasy video
game
I am Taylor Negron of the Olmec family
yeah it's pretty yes it is creepy it's
the kind of movie that shouldn't be
right up my alley but if nothing then it
works
I think it's on Netflix there it used to
be anyway I have the DVD Jesus
and sacrifice a lady
so we're Dan Aykroyd or boomerang at the
40th anniversary they do anything yeah I
said uh Bill Murray did his lounge okay
dan Aykroyd it was the weirdest thing
early on they did just a flat-out
recreation of one of the original
sketches and if you ever saw dan Aykroyd
is like a like a pitchman for a product
called the bass-o-matic yeah mystics bet
it was just a recreation that sketch
like why would you just do that so he
did that and then they did like a whole
bit where they were showing difference
not musical performances but like
musical characters that had been on the
show okay and that's where Bill Murray
did his lounge singer and then the Blues
Brothers came out at the ends and Dan
Aykroyd just looks terrible he was with
Jim Belushi yeah they they performed
still as the Blues Brothers him and Jim
Belushi do this yeah and it's just like
the most pathetic thing I still have a
soft spot for dan Aykroyd but stop milk
in Italy it's it's a little yeah without
John Belushi and that was the thing
about that special they had lots of like
clips you know from different things
they did a little clip moments and
anytime they show Gilda Radner or John
Belushi I got a little choked up because
I think vocal those many famous
characters yeah there's the only one
yeah though I'm singer yeah though there
was like the nerd couple him and Gilda
Radner nothing nothing like memorable
famous yeah he was just he's just a very
funny on the show just very funny he
didn't do characters I think he was more
the straight man yeah and he took over
cuz Chevy Chase left after the first
season cuz he was already too big for
the show yeah
in his mind so Bill Murray was the guy
you I didn't fill in for Jeff EJ's
basically
and then they Oh God they also did on
that 40th thing because it was like a
big deal that Eddie Murphy was gonna be
there yeah because he hasn't he hasn't
had anything to do with that show since
he was originally on it and he's kind of
got an ego on him too and so it was like
a big deal like I was first time coming
back in 35 years and Chris Rock stood
like a really wonderful introduction to
for him like a 3 or 4 minute
introduction talking about how he
basically saved the show from
cancellation because all the original
cast members were gone Lauren Michaels
had left so it was in a whole new cast
and none of them were funny Eddie Murphy
was like the breakout star and the show
would have been canceled if it wasn't
for him kind of saving it really and so
yeah and so Chris Rock does this whole
thing about how like so many you know
comedians were inspired by Eddie Murphy
and blah blah blah
really great lead up to it and then he's
like so ladies and gentlemen Eddie
Murphy and Eddie Murphy walks out on
stage and he basically just like mumbles
about thanks I'm glad you guys
appreciate you know what I did on the
show back then it really means a lot to
me and then he's waiting for him to come
to commercial like he like that's it
like I think everyone thought he was
gonna do something he didn't do a bit he
didn't do a bit he didn't say anything
funny what that's because he's Eddie
Murphy and he's weird is it possible
they were supposed to show like a
highlight clip of this time on the show
and it didn't play is that no no I don't
think so cuz they showed a couple
highlights stuff earlier in the show
okay I think they just because he I'm
assuming he said like I'll come but I
don't want to be in the Gumby costume I
don't want to do a skit like he doesn't
want to have anything to do with any of
that and so like okay well we won't do
that but if you want to come out and say
a few words
you know that's what we'll do well Chris
Rock introduced you that's my guess
anyway that's all sannen and so then he
basically came out as his like thanks
was it it was so awkward he forgot how
to be funny yeah I don't know what
happened at humor me
I know there's a john landis I think it
was in an old baby club interview John
Landis talks about working with him on
Beverly Hills Cop 3 and how like he was
just depressed
yes or Bowl and he didn't want to be
there and he didn't want to make
comedies and more so I don't think I
said he forgot how to be funny I think
it said he hasn't just no interest in
doing it but that's what everybody knows
him and likes him for I can't believe
like I can't believe he didn't do didn't
do anything he was nominated for an
Oscar for Dreamgirls I've never seen
either but that was a more dramatic role
and he was nominated for an Oscar for it
he lost I want to go back up and get my
I was trying to now use a role asset
management I don't think what else he's
done besides Dreamgirls I want to say
that isn't there
genetic things yeah um oh god I haven't
paid much attention to Eddie Murphy's
career in the last 30 years why not he
was fine a Bowfinger he was actually
funny in that I did not much care for a
finger I thought it was a little too
broad but I like Steve Martin a lot well
sure and Eddie Murphy plays two roles
and then he plays both roles very
distinctly and differently yeah can we
talk about don't worry son
everybody knows bill very great oh I
just watched st. Vincent with Bill
Murray Bill Murray and Naomi Watts and
Melissa McCarthy
oh yeah little small tea but it was nice
Bill Murray celdrid schmaltz elements
like you really believe in it and
actually really like melissa mccarthy in
it see she plays a normal human being
and she's really good she plays a normal
human yeah I I grown to hate her but
she's good in that movie there's a scene
where cuz she's divorced from her
husband or in the process of getting
divorced and she's works you know all
the time so that's why she kind of Bill
Murray's their next-door neighbor and
she has a young son and so she sort of
hires Bill Murray to watch his son while
she works okay
so she doesn't see her son all that much
cuz she's constantly working at this
hospital she just like cat scans and
sees horrible shit all day and she's in
the principal's office cuz their son
beat up a kid and they're like what's
going on at home likewise your son
acting out and she just breaks down and
explains like everything bad that's
happened to her and it's a really good
scene like she's really good enough so
that's great he can be okay that Melissa
McCarthy doesn't part of you doesn't
that make just part of you a little more
upset when she plays like awful roles
yeah yeah like I saw a trailer for this
movie Spy that she's in and it's like
she's by there's a girls because it's
Melissa McCarthy she gets on a
motorcycle and falls down
he's made some yeah I'm trying to think
of a man who knew too little yeah many
too little cosmoses John's remember that
Oh Garfield yeah but that that has a
famous story oh he thought he was
working for a different I was Anderson
no Cowan the other was one of the Coen
brothers is that it yeah Ethan there's
Ethan Coen
yeah and that's who wrote the Garfield
movie and he thought it was Ethan Coen
is and Ethan Coen of the Coen brothers
right that's okay oh the Cohen Cohen
Megan is sure we can make something
funny out of this he tells a good story
about the Garfield movie but even that
like he was probably in a studio
recording for the day today no the
movies he was actually like physically
in that's why I can't fall in like he's
just a voiceover today no no but he he
talks about the Garfield movie and how
he worked every single day to try to
make stuff funny oh really and it was
just so much of a mess and he was like
we would spend all day in the recording
studio and and I would read my lines of
that day and to say what what the hell
is this and we would have reworked him
the best we could because you know
animation was already happening cuz that
happens it's a story boards and so I was
like how do we fit new lines into this
predetermined space that could be funny
and like he's sick he cried a song and
it still came out as bad as but straight
up Bill Murray bad news but then he
makes fun of it in Zombieland
what was the oh no you know what I was
thinking about Schmidt no that's that's
Jack Nicholson
this is my first directorial turn it was
quick change she directed with Randy
Quaid the famous Randy Quaid for the
internet super story yeah but change is
good this is the first dramatic really
did the work wasn't a comedy at all I'm
just like man finding himself traveling
the world I think it was the razor's
edge there is a movie called Ray's
razor's edge I haven't seen it so no
that doesn't sound right
I will look it up yeah look it up look
it up I may be my name you know but in
general yeah Bill Murray's the best yeah
he's just he's just the best okay we
knew that already
get on the trolley I'm on the Bill
Murray trolley are you
yeah the razor's edge right I've never
seen it but I would because remembered
funny and he's in it okay well we've
never heard him know also bad movies
with Bill Murray Ghostbusters - yeah and
it's in the problems with the movie are
not his faults he's flying in it yeah
Space Jam he's in Space Jam he's in
Space Jam he is it's been way too long
since I've seen Space Jam I need to see
some mother fuck yeah he had oh there's
a movie where he had to transport an
elephant across country larger than life
no no another often victim from the
ladies competing it was a competing oh
yeah that was sort of the loop that was
like that period was like that nice
Moses Jones and Elise and then he liked
Rushmore came along and that sort of
that's where he found his new motor
action those bad movies are what caused
him to reinvent himself and like do
stuff like ditch his agent and his phone
number
oh yeah yeah like that's what led to a
whole new career for him was like just
not not looking at the work type of
stuff yeah and that's how we got stuff
like Rushmore yeah I so good gosh mark
he's so fucking good
broken flowers have you ever seen that
Jim Jarmusch movie my hammer he goes
often oh it's a good movie
tired senses Cupid sucks you are wrong
kingpin is is the only Farrelly Brothers
movie that still holds up all their
other 90s movies feel really dated dig I
don't think of it as fondly as others do
but it's still very fun and Bill Murray
especially is is funny you know
oh god yeah if we're just talking over
all over and look early out of the
movies in a restaurant with uh with what
he Harrelson what he Harrelson's like
eating food while he's trying to talk to
him you seem like a bowl of cereal
he keeps talk over those mouth full and
Bill Murray's just like why are you go
eat that outside girls and get up on the
table and go outside eat his food and
you know that's like a Bill Murray
ad-lib - oh no but just in general I
don't super care Oh someone's machine
Charlie's Angels he was in that - there
you go there you go
Charlie's Angels starring Mickey gee
directed by McGee yeah that's the
director Robert McKee was the thing no I
don't you don't know did he do the
second Charlie's Angels movie - or just
the first one and then he did Terminator
Salvation no his transition into real
work yes and then no one's ever heard of
him
I don't know he might be doing something
now that's a good question what is he
doing he doing did did Terminator
Salvation kill his career
which I don't hate that movie as much as
everybody else
it's a horrible Terminator movie but if
you look at it as Mad Max with giant
robots it's fine okay it's completely
acceptable I would like to look at it as
that that's that's how you got to look
at it because if you look at as a
terminator movie you'll be horribly
disappointed I sent a couple things
nothing I've heard of yes hey Bill
Murray vehicle come on
yeah I'm sure you got a cameo in Space
Jam movie that wasn't a cameo I mean he
was in space what Plus Femi Space Jam
sucks Space Jam is wonderful I mean
wonderful as in it's a terrible movie
everyone should see it because it's so
terrible but wonderful oh my god
Space Jam is the worst best welcome to
the jam slam when you're gonna slam jam
I mean how can you go wrong when you're
lead actors Michael Jordan right so much
charisma back in the day when Michael
Jordan could do anything
number one he started playing baseball
yeah it's still up but they've redone it
no they bring it back why it's yeah I
went there once and it was like updated
and I don't know if everybody complained
or what but then they reverted it back
shut up it's great yeah we win everybody
good job internet for a brief time there
was a modernized Space Jam page it was
but it was still it still look dated
yeah like it still didn't look like
completely modern so I don't know what
they were trying to do with it it just
didn't look as dated somebody didn't
want to be a joke so they just kind of
did just enough work on it to make it
past it maybe I guess I don't know why
not just get rid of it completely that's
the game uh yeah right why not just
update it because you know why that
takes work
that takes work
welcome to the jam slam okay we need to
speak see Space Jam
right now right now no I think that's a
bad idea
you don't think we should watch the
Space Jam right I I refuse what about
Bob kind of sucks
Oh what about Bob's great it's a look
you know what it's a little schlocky but
it's good
well schlocky it's not it's not the Bill
Murray we know hmm
but Richard I liked where richard
drivers in general it's not the last
movie Richard drivers made before he
crawled into a hole never to be seen no
he made plenty of movies after he's
semi-retired but he comes on a
retirement he was in W he played Dick
Cheney in the and he's in piranha
the remake of piranha is he's in the
opening scene wearing the outfit he wore
in Jaws and he sing in the show me a way
to go
I like that piranha 3d movie but he yeah
I mean he's he's pretty much retired he
just kind of comes out once in a while
and does something
yeah I mean also he's a hundred and six
you know and after after do something
like mr. Holland's Opus I've never seen
on moving you can't be expected to reach
another level is that a good movie or is
that like a small Z okay for those of
you who couldn't see which was that
raise you nodding yes I was nodding yes
that is schmaltz and a half and it's
that's one of those heartwarming movies
that people like fucking love every
second of that Schmo Oscars just fine
now Scrooge is fine it's I definitely
one say it's my favorite Christmas movie
but it's good it's a good Bill Murray
performance you know what it is David I
would like to see a remake of Scrooge is
by its very nature danger well
thankfully Scrooge makes it a little
less David no but like that was data in
the fact that it's an eighties thing oh
yeah I know and everything is an
eighties reference it you know some
comedies are universal as far as their
content the only well maybe some of the
like the cable like the fact that he is
like this cable TV mogul like are not
even cable to network right yeah he's a
network TV mobile hmm that's fine that's
fun you know his boy whoa whoa whoa
someone just said Groundhog Day sucks
you you people have no grout Groundhog
Day transcends being just like a comedy
like a high concept comedy they they
talk Groundhog Day in film school like
like Groundhog Day is great and they
shot it in a town in Illinois that a
bunch of my relatives lived in at the
time what what lesson for film schools
did they teach I don't know I wasn't in
the class okay um but I just remember
some of my friends being like we're
talking about Groundhog Day cuz because
this was like a you know they taught
mostly experimental film yeah but
everybody loves Groundhog Day everybody
Roger I think Roger Ebert at one point
said that that movie will be remembered
many years from now yeah oh yeah I think
it will be similar to it's a wonderful
life it's something like that grandma
days a great mood grind out things a
great movie great back story as far as
like Bill Murray's character as well
where he was going through a divorce at
the time yeah so he wanted to play it
really dark but oh yeah well that's the
movie that kind of ruined his
relationship with Harold rainbow yeah
they only made up shortly before Harold
green has passed away but it's like you
can see that conflict in his character
and it makes it deep yeah like it gives
it gives like this comedy piece some
real depth was the dispute bill murray
wanted the movie to be darker and more
serious okay and Harold Ramis want it to
be you know
and what we get is a little bit of both
and it's great here lady you my lady now
lady
yeah I was filming Woodstock Illinois I
remember I always I kept when they were
filming the movie I kept asking my dad
if he'd take me out there because we
have relatives there and there they
would talk about like watching them film
scenes and like the downtown area dad
let's go out watch him film the movie no
we never did
yeah it's funny because it's Woodstock
Illinois and there's a part in the movie
or you see like a giant sign for a
business this is like Woodstock jewelry
like it's not supposed to be Woodstock
in the movie because it would stock
jewelry I guess it could be anything
else I know what it is though so would
always stood out to me now someone
saying Caddyshack sucks I will say
Caddyshack is not a very good movie it's
a funny movie but it's client it's kind
of a mess kind of that's sort of like
what comedy was at that point it was it
became Anarchy it was you know Animal
House and Caddyshack like those movies
changed the way comedy films were made
and what you can do in them also like
one of the best one of the only reasons
like Chevy Chase gets any cloud is
because of that yeah best vacation yes
that made me flush to a certain extent
yeah candy shack is a wonderful mess
you're right mr. glib that's the best
way to describe it it's funny for funny
people coming in and doing whatever the
fuck they wanted yep that's basically
what that movie is
yeah like that the Chevy Chase is whole
like sexy song to the lady oh yeah let's
just try because it's just the best
thing wrong he's goofy I was born to
love you I was born to lick your face
your face and I hope you lick mine too
all right let's
we never much it'd be much sugarless
that we just said name good man in the
house with Jonathan Taylor Thomas the
shaggy dog there we go memoirs an
Invisible Man directed by John Carpenter
unfortunately was that his Invisible Man
yeah was that what it was called memoirs
of an Invisible Man yeah I was based on
a book and it's John Carpenter
unfortunately yeah that was like John
Carpenter director for hire looks like
the only movie ever did like that or
it's just like oh whatever you want
oh god there's too many Chevie Chase
movies deliver travel European vacation
Vegas vacation
oh I think I think I know what you're
talking about
yeah but I might be confusing it with a
movie called e Honda to Steve Martin
that was house-sitter yeah seems like
old times or something like yeah that's
case one modern problems spies like us
is good reversing that name and Dan
Aykroyd oh yeah that's John Landis
directed bad so the case is fine I
haven't seen in a long time the classic
oh god I'm gonna forget the great Bill
Murray Harold Ramis class right stripes
yes classic stripes actually a lot of
the reason you know something more
modern the interview also did that kind
of comedy very well oh sure
I mean I haven't seen the interview but
I can see how that be in that same type
of type of movie oh yeah I recommend it
okay and you know it on Netflix I mean I
watch it I really there's some really
good gigs but in any case spies like us
good in that vein
Oh funny farm does anyone remember funny
fun oh yeah I think funny farm was okay
okay but I don't remember it
I had see tits as a kid alright like but
if agra is almost like a vacation
knockoff movie with Chevy Chase
okay is how I would describe to people
but it's good three amigos everyone
always mentions and I have never seen
three amigos what oh yeah and that's
John Landis - right that's another one
though you can't pin on Chevy Chase them
because yeah you've never seen Martin
Short was that see no I don't think I
had Martin Short was at the SNL 40th
anniversary thing yeah that guy is still
filled with so much energy like yeah
briefly briefly he was huh he did add
grimly on there and other things CTV
yeah he moved it over 20 years there was
he managed to keep the rights to ed
Grimley was his character yeah no there
was that period when Loren Michaels had
left the show so they brought in all
these like heavy hitters like cuz they
didn't want to bring up and coming yeah
new people so they brought in like Billy
Crystal and Martin Short and Christopher
guest's not that cast but he was on it
oh he he came a little bit later
but yeah Martin Short like he's still
you know what that man is a pip
yes he is a heavy Martin to Stevens
layer and he's he's still on the ball
space inner space is great Steve Martin
will always be on the ball I cannot
overstate my love for Steve Martin that
a day I will not believe that whoever
said that is probably an asshole best
Steve Martin movie asks humble Jackson
brings great I haven't seen that so
though the kid neither the jerk is I
love the jerk roxanne beautiful simple
is cyrano de bergerac the LA story is a
really amazing script LA story is a
really amazing script and just a lot of
the gags don't quite read but he'll I
story's very funny you know was a
shopgirl
if you're into that sort of is he in it
I know it's based on something erode
he's in it to he's ever seen it and it's
like Claire Danes right that's good it's
good I like him in Little Shop of
Horrors as the dentist
oh yeah and Bill Murray who wants to be
tortured in the dentist chair I'm
calling a great Steve Martin movie is
that Steve Martin movie that might be
that might be his best role he's great
men I think my favorite movie with him
his planes trains and automobiles yeah
that's a good me he's more the straight
man in it but great great movie
yeah see you frog the orange ones
explore no they delay explode but I
don't want him to jump up here cuz then
if he explodes on the temple bad things
Oh
bunch of enemies come on the enemies
that come out are randomized okay fuck
is this mr. one heart do I only have one
heart yeah
I've not been paying attention all I
know is I would fuck ouais gigolo I
remember camp candy you got our County
Andy the John Candy Saturday morning
cartoon show Jesus know that 80s or
early 90s it had to been 80s lady yeah
yeah he ran like a summer camp for kids
did he even do the voice oh god I don't
remember he probably did there's also a
Macaulay Culkin Saturday morning cartoon
show I don't remember what he did on
that yes everyone Edison we should wish
kid wish can get like a falling star
grant his wishes
they made cartoons out of anything like
that The Karate Kid cartoon I don't
worry him mr. Miyagi we're traveling the
world trying to retrieve an ancient
all-powerful oriental artifact that
would do magical things oh wow I have no
memory of that it didn't last very long
there was a Teen Wolf cartoon for a
while because of course there's a Back
to the Future cartoon Hulk Hogan's Rock
and wrestling at vaguely remember that
there was a Bigfoot cartoon Bigfoot the
monster truck there was a big oh I don't
remember that at all what was that the
one where he would turn into a car what
was the cartoon where the guy would turn
into a car team racers stupidly I don't
know what that is turbo team turbo team
is that what it's called yeah yeah
there's cartoon where kid we turn into
the episode with gamma rays or something
I'm like whatever you see they're hot or
cold he would turn into like yeah
whatever he got hot my gosh whatever you
got cuz I'm the image in my head is of a
kid who's like trapped in a like a phone
booth or something he's like no no and
he turns into a fire new Ferrari two
breaks out
and the primary creative force of the
80s really was cocaine yeah brahmadev
primary creative force of the 80s was
just money
