Convoy - Honk Honk Mither Flipper (Part 1)
April 26, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7GzLacR19MM

no kidding you know laws in other
countries are very different I didn't
hide it so even there I didn't get away
with something like that I mean that's
just honestly Jack I'm an open-minded
man but that's that's just disgusting
you know it's just disgusting I guess I
guess I forgot sake Jack got a great big
convoy everybody Jack is super quiet
that's because I'm sitting I was working
is her thing working we have a thing
thanks to leftover beefcake made us a
thing shout out the leftover beef King -
leftover beef oh now that's too hot
they're real leftover beef cake made us
a twitch chat watcher which will archive
all of the old and new subscribers all
right oh my god that game is so loud and
so we already have a couple of looks
like right
looks like we have two or one missile
good now Harry fed thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
and that last one well you can just wait
you you you you showed up a little bit
too late
next time beyond the trolley I can't
hear again
let's turn down on the OBS so I can
still see it looks loud it's great
leftover beefcake it works great
although I just turned on the game by
so tinkering with the game volume huh
still take still tinkering with the game
volume we we recorded the next prereq
episode today and so audio settings got
changed a little bit and rich and I are
in different chairs which that was our
problem
oh really we're in different chairs cuz
this is normally your mic well we go
back just with two of us here it seemed
weird to both be on them yeah love seed
you know cuz I'm not in love with you it
just seemed weird I'm gonna sit over on
this other chair because you know three
is the magic number then you know one
guy in the chair - it'll of suit that
makes sense right no two people two guys
unless you're unless you know unless
you're gay it's fine it's fine if you're
gay and you're in love but just to do
just on the same love see that's weird
that's weird I agree no I agree
everything is great now everything is
great all the time
non-stop here I hit mute there go thank
you
if you're gay I don't love I mean you
don't have to be in love if you're gay
to sit next to each other you could just
like someone yeah yeah puritan you have
to be married and in love
we aren't we're gonna play convoy
tonight we couldn't decide what to play
and rich and I are together also which
is I mean you know not to get rich and I
are you know I'll just shitbags Chambal
obviously does that but your give Matt
I'm just saying because we filmed the
episode I just hung out at the studio so
rich and I are streaming to in the same
room together tonight I'm not a hack and
a half let me tweet out that we are
playing convoy right now convoy
honk-honk
neither feather
honk-honk Miller for there huh it
autocorrected motherfucker and I decided
to go with it okay
another unitive flipper another flipper
I think that's it
okay what is what is convoy you know
more about this game than I do
all I know about it this was this was
another kick-started game and the Rising
Sun why why do you think I hate portal 2
III like the portal games quite a bit
I would even make you think I hated the
portal 2 it seems strange yeah that's
really weird
I prefer portal 1 to portal 2 hey you
might maybe you're thinking of me maybe
you think of Jack I I talked to like I
think portal 2 was a little stretched
out and I didn't like all of the I did
not I mean I liked them like olive like
the bounce go and that kind of stuff
well I liked those elements I thought it
lacked the razor edge simplicity of the
first one yeah I might agree with you
out of being a little bit too long but
you don't get the lemon speech sure sure
and like I said I know you know you need
you need JK Simmons its JK Simmons Reza
sings yeah okay no in Portal 2 I think
portal is a gene
I think portal 2 is a really good game
but if I had to choose between portal 1
and portal 2 I would choose portal 1
okay I still like portal 2 people settle
down if you're chatting about it already
I like portal 2 so this is another
Kickstarter game and from what I hear
this is FTL meets Mad Max and so I
thought it appropriate for us because we
both really liked
tl that we play that's that's what I got
okay we should probably the tutorial
right now I'm playing rich has given me
the reins because he thinks it's funny
when I fail and I just we just we just
got done photo something I'm gonna a
sit-down server good
I want the pressure of learning game
live okay all right
welcome to convoy your mission is to
find and collect parts to repair your
spaceship great
these parts are scattered around the
world you'll have to explore to find
them you can also collect bolts and loot
your upgrade oh ok bolts are scrapped
great this is very important since there
a lot of enemies trying to get a piece
of your cargo in this tutorial we will
start by learning the basics of it
great this is your main convoy vehicle
your convoy survival is of the greatest
important this is your escort unit
that's each vehicle has a sentiment of
health and armor so we have a main
vehicle and then a small vehicle shirin
like this is what this is what needs to
survive and this is what protects it's
like Mad Max the big ones like the gas
tanker yeah yeah Mad Max matrix Mad Max
actually usually got in the tanker I
guess at the end of the movie sure but
otherwise this like little cars drive
around machine guns Melvin is that what
I'm getting at let's sit here now order
the unit to move to the highlighted
square ok say you you regular click on
it and then regular Oh regular click on
the unit then left click or right click
to move it to the square to move it
around what's probably the area of
attack code yes it appears we're being
chased by a privateer oh we should fight
back before it takes our cargo you're
right we should the game can be paused
pressing the spacebar
that's just like ft I was just like FTL
that's great so target with left click
and click right click on their target
confirmed
spacebar enemy is out of range move
closer oh it doesn't automatically move
closer that's kind of bullshit you would
think you would just move towards the na
what that's that's fine
okay great shot armor protects e in
itself by reducing an equal percentage
of incoming damage example you know
would receive ten damage and has 40%
armor it only takes six damage great
which spoilers what the road Wario that
forty-year-old movie that you should
have seen by now because it's fucking
awesome and they're remaking it you need
to see the original already know remake
here's a single Jack I can see is it a
sequel I don't know really matters which
is which okay you can trim but it also
reduces your damage
notice how units have a rank next to
their health bar you only push an enemy
of equal rank your lower I don't want to
ram it what else can you do
you're just shooting at it oh let's just
shoot you know very FTL you said a
target it does the work for you I think
it wants me to ram it but I'm not going
to just assume what you're taking much
damage no no well yes it's it's a
lowering my arm on oh this is overall
help abilities need to be targeted
manually use your EMP ability to stun
the enemy finished off
are you okay EMP buster oh right
okay meet
somebody definitely liked FTL yeah I
want to say like that was it was in the
Kickstarter pitch like this is we're
making an FTL in a different setting
okay let's see here the new unit the you
unit doesn't have any items equipped so
quick you'll need to go it's a camp yeah
we get to go to camp resources vaults
great tracker this looks neat but it
seems like a lot to learn in the stream
this is what we're doing right so guys
what we said we're doing okay I'm sorry
way and my policy Jen don't stream
something you don't know that's your
models it is my policy I think that's a
terrible policy model really yeah this
is part of the fun all right or not I
don't know because they're the only
stream games that you know then you miss
out on like like the explanation of the
game because you know it's so well
already even when you're streaming
you're not taking in this information as
well as you would be I think and that's
really true that's really true let's see
you
okay let's say further news can follow
the arrow next to cowboy and drive it to
the kid
why not demon souls because you can't
always get what you wanted uh and we
didn't have the ps3 with us yeah we
weren't sure how late we were gonna film
the episode so we didn't know what kind
of stream was happening tonight's over
it's just brought us PC and we'll do
demon souls and someone did mention us
playing like demon souls or Dark Souls
tonight now that we love blood-borne
yeah but it would really mess us up
because the controls would be slightly
different yeah so to really mess it's
not playing like we always want to do is
use the gun right we played so much
blood-borne I'm still playing
blood-borne that's a great fucking game
yeah agreed
ok so how do we wait follow the arrow
next to your convoy and drive to the
camp
okay
camp so what
but I know I know you're itching to play
that demon souls I do though I want to
play the demon souls I'm assuming you'll
be streaming that at some point yeah I
don't know what button to press right
mouse button to move right bat mouse
button by the way there's a thing on the
screen that says what to do it tells you
what if I could say it's text it's not
even a button problem is actually text
explaining the directions that you need
to do with your hand
I always pressing the other mouse button
I can now it's a can so Portugal
Portugal of a man named camp you can buy
items from the shop you can also upgrade
repair your kind of boy
so like a vehicle this guy looked meat
was I disappointed with grand theft auto
5 for PC like I was but next gen I you
know because I got that free copy on the
ps4 I have any mothered with the PC
version oh that's like there's I don't
I've already got two copies of the game
I think that's where I draw a line two
copies yeah except except for thief
because I bought two actually have two
extra copies of that cuz I love that
game so much yeah it's like yeah I have
in the days before you could really make
your own backups of things easily oh
sure sure when when thief got cheap I
bought two different companies I've got
three copies of thief gold and I've got
three copies of thief to like one backup
was not enough I have three copies of
The Binding of Isaac rebirth yeah I have
one for the PC one for the Vita and one
for the PlayStation 4 did we know that
crypt of the necrodancer got a full
release I don't know it has a full oh
you just no no no yeah that got a full
release I haven't been on Steam March
since blood-borne oh sure blood-borne
and and shovel knight say both of the
singer were
we're done on the ps4 oh yeah steam is
my Steam account has not gotten much
love if you've sent me like messages or
a gift or something and I haven't
responded that's because I just haven't
been around Kirk the necrodancer gets
full release invisible ink is coming out
with the full release assuming in a
couple weeks a hand of fate got a DLC
pack Duke up and blood-borne got a patch
listen what's the DLC pack for new deck
a new deck new new encounters this so
might be time for an active added in the
story mode or separate story mode or is
it only something you can only use and
and no DLC area it's it said it added
added cards to the shuffle so I can only
assume maybe it adds another layer of
story okay I don't know is the real
answer I'm excited for a visible ink I'm
I'm I'm excited for crypt of the
necrodancer yeah I'm interested in
whatever hand of fate thing we just
released mmm know if I'd buy extra five
bucks are we excited for Arkham Knight I
am both excited and worried I'm excited
because I I i love the other games I
even like origins a lot of people shit
on origin origins Arkham origins I I
still liked origins not as much but as I
still liked it but everything I've seen
from Knight just looks cut blah to me I
hate the bad suit the gameplay they've
shown it's all Batmobile Batmobile look
there's a Batmobile I don't want to
drive around a tank in game I just don't
and it might be the ugliest version of
his costume that's superficial I know
that's superficial but every every time
I see footage from the game I'm like Oh
Batman looks like crap it's what you're
looking at it's what you're looking at
all game absolutely
alright here's what we're gonna do I'm
gonna take a little break and and thank
our subscribers yeah that sounds like a
great idea
because I'm taking in with it what I've
learned so red-letter Madea
first of all that's a great name space
Comeau loan rare Chun loaner our Chun I
cannot read that textbook that's okay
loner are John Wilkinson the clown Lloyd
beets fisted by dope smoke telegin pop
melon kg bait my bread thank you all for
subscribing we very much appreciated
okay think that's better yeah yeah okay
you like that so we ended a kg and bait
my bread will have to remember that okay
and again a huge thank you to leftover
beefcake for making this thing so far to
work everything than one it's everything
we wanted also juicy is um
is Banga Banga Doug in the in the chat I
haven't noticed him yet but I haven't
been keeping my eye out yet what
happened something crash oh we lost the
mouse slightly important one of the USB
devices attached to this computer has
malfunction okay oh I'll just turn it
off and turn it back on again
I have rich just said dango different
you know what different port port if
Bongo shows up we set the the Spock
shirt to read it's in this pocket I want
to have a conversation with him about
what might be the greatest beer I've
ever drank okay also lots of people
mentioning the jared leto joker oh okay
somebody saying he is here I haven't
seen his name I haven't seen him say
something that people are saying is here
Bongo that chestnut Brewing Company beer
you sent me specifically the one that
was like just like brewed with chestnuts
the one that I didn't want to drink here
in the same room as rich cuz I thought
he might die what some of the most
phenomenal beer I've ever drank thank
you so much for sending it again I've
been calling distributors to see where I
can get it in the closest place I can
get it to Chicago so I'm taking a road
trip down to Chicago to buy more
it was so fucking good oh my god thank
you so much
okay let's see what lots of talk about
the the new Joker Oh rich do you have
any opinions on the new Joker no wait
which is one image and you know what no
I'm you know what I'm gonna say about
the new Joker what when we saw the Joker
in Dark Knight why would Ron blank on
his name now you're making me draw a
blank on his name don't look at the chat
think of it yourself it'll it'll make
you feel better why am I trying now I
can't get over the fact that I'm from
the blanket his fucking name just
Brokeback Mountain yes I know a night's
first and I was at first first night was
it a nice day it was that first night I
want to say it was an even I know he was
a knight he was a knight in one I'm
looking at the chat I don't care if he
pleasure oh okay well no here's one
here's my thought about because we're
getting too far off the point here when
we first saw images of him and the Joker
with that fucked up makeup yeah everyone
hinging is that true I think so I want
to say when the screen shots like oh
that looks terrible sure when they saw
the movie oh that's fucking great so I
am going to reserve my judgment till I
see him life well not live so I see him
recorded on a movie screen all right I
think that's fair I think I think he'll
probably be wearing clothes over all of
it I mean so maybe I do think I do think
that it shows like the direction they're
going with Suicide Squad and I've never
read in Suicide Squad so I don't know
like what it looks like wise but like
yeah they're going for a different Joker
which I commend the issue I'm having
with it is kind of the DC movie universe
dumbing things down in general like I
think we talked about this with Jay
talking about the Man of Steel trailer
whereas like not only do we need
Superman like being a false god someone
wrote false Scott on the Superman statue
like yeah we fucking know already and so
here we have Joker with the word damage
to tattooed on his forehead so i
retweeted a really great picture of a
photoshop someone did Ben
black with like I fight crime because
both of my parents are dead tattooed on
his forehead it's it's just a little on
the nose good good job rich you're
learning look I think it's perfectly
fair to not be interested in a thing
without without having an experience at
first I I don't I don't really care that
much for Star Wars and most of your
modern shooters I don't like as much as
your old school ones so I have no reason
to be excited for battle from cuz that
was the whole thing okay so we're gonna
go we're gonna look for our flux
capacitor you need a flux capacitor a
flux capacitor and so we kind of drive
towards our flux capacitor which is over
here what are these things these are
probably encounters oh yeah okay oh okay
and then if you have over these things
they're like encounters signal appears
to be coming from a massive old
overgrown football stadium
the local fauna has overtaken the
majority of the stadium that looks
investigate football players sorry I
head to the field sure as you pass the
jerseys you've been smelling rotting
flesh upon closer inspection they appear
I'll be rotting torsos inside though you
cringe hold down your vomit and keep
walking upon reaching the middle of
field you instantly feel a change in
temperature rich has anyone ever been
injured while filming some of the more
chaotic half in the bag scenes there was
this one scene one of the earlier half
of the bags I think it was the episode
were throwing the bricks around the
bricks were coming through the windows
and I'm like holding some kind of like
large dinner plate in my hand and the
brick comes through it smashes through
the the platter I'm holding mmm
porcelain cut off my finger something
real good oh man there's like the
bleeding would not stop and I was
holding my hands like above my head
mm-hmm it's try and stop the bleeding
and mikage and we're getting pissed at
me because I was holding my hand up they
thought I was making too big a deal out
of it but like I'm sitting here and like
blood is leaking down my arm I'm fucking
bleeding this is what you're supposed to
do when you're bleeding don't get me
sure about that right they had me leave
the room was I was bothering them with
my bloody hand so I can see that yeah
oh my god
click here and I can use my EMT blast
but spring tide that we've ordered the
battery time
oh yeah the battery might have died ok
well I can't see chat anymore yeah in
the back pocket of that is a pirate
urgent
oh I forgot something I forgot something
of course no no I'm not even close I'm
actually might lose the game I forgot
about a really important thing which is
choosing it which is clicking on enemies
to fire upon oh that's really important
really really important well that's okay
we're learning we're learning you have
to click on enemies to fire bomber so I
might lose like really really fast
that's okay
yeah learning it's a learning experience
it's a teachable moment there's a power
button on the top right of the keyboard
see it you see it nothing happened wait
oh wait okay you're gonna have to type
in passwords to shut
all right we're good we're going over
were coming back
oh no the cold you got a power cord get
pulled up maybe power again ha ha ha and
I did ha I did it wasn't fast enough
fuck it fuck it
hold on I'm in the middle of an attack
oh I know you do your back I'm getting
this are you gonna win are you are you
firing it yeah you're firing out I'm
gonna win this battle I'm priming the
game overall I'm probably gonna lose
because all of my health is down they've
destroyed all of my health it doesn't
exactly have the pacing of a Mad Max
movie no it doesn't quite have the
pacing of a Mad Max movie it and it's a
little too intense for an FTL but well
enya that was my problem as I was in FTL
mode vehicles destroyed it's an easy
task to blast the Warriors okay I get
some loot onward open map okay
so we are heading towards the flux
kippah some of the events are random the
events are random except for like these
yellow ones like I could choose to
ignore this but I'm not gonna go wait
wait wait before you start this oh yeah
thank you okay okay I can see the chat
again except this is unable to connect
the chat yay is the Internet I'll be
connecting I don't know or whatever it's
fine
free trading in okay one of the
merchants claims you have free trade
anything here explained mostly marketing
trade and now well we really need our
weapons to defend ourselves so you can
buy one of these if you haven't
installed if here's nothing heavy plasma
blaster did you know they were remaking
gremlins I have not heard that but then
again I'm not surprised gremlins is one
of the best movies ever yet nobody
really talks about it never it doesn't
don't people talk about it I really I
mean I don't see much gremlins love
online or anything really I maybe just I
haven't noticed I don't know it's one of
my favorite movies Carolyn's is great I
need to go to camp I think I need to
repair when I start heading towards camp
if if twitch says we're playing dead
rising I think you need to refresh yes I
did update that and I double-checked we
all hate twitch says we're playing
convoy my mind says we're playing cowboy
too so okay great
a refresh will fix that
yes fuck it we're fighting
okay I know how to fight now dish check
you got the gifts for lick you Kevin
right somebody's saying they they sent
us stuff and I never got collected on
the Steam I got those gifts okay
did I not accept them I don't know you
might not have somebody saying we didn't
except for oh I'm sorry I know I got
them and that was one of the things we
were thinking about playing tonight I'll
look into it I will look into it hi
here's I'm gonna try doubling up on my
guns they came out with an EMP
I heard music says go to Seb TL music
the music doesn't fit like a
post-apocalyptic thing this is way too
like optimistic and peppy yeah this is
you know this is very FTL music yeah
this is not what we need we need for the
theme it needs to be something entirely
different
we need like a twang yeah old dusty like
just a steel guitar are you rained you
are not in range okay these guys need to
be in range so we're gonna actually move
up here I'm gonna lose right now
do you like punk rock or heavy metal
more well they're both fine genres yeah
I probably lean towards heavy metal
though yeah some Metallica before they
were dicks some black salmon before they
were dicks that's great you know I I
went through I think like everyone might
him a little bit younger than you but I
went through a huge pop punk phase yeah
you know like when the Green Day came
around days just good it was nothing but
Green Day MxPx
me first and the Gimme Kimmie's
Goldfinger any any of that pop punk
stuff I love this shit out of it so I
think like I still really enjoy not
really enjoy I still really enjoy some
of that pop punk stuff chad is saying I
would be a good heavy metal vocalists
you would be welcome to jungle we got
fun games yeah I agree
the head the metal would be strong with
you Matt I would be strong I do smell
copper
I like small copper we can name our
units here all right we're gonna try
again now that I understand the kind of
n maybe I won't die so I think I blew
out their ears oh I'm sorry sorry
everybody that's that's the price to pay
for mentioning the heavy metal road rage
I'm sorry didn't know that what happened
don't know I have I sometimes forget my
own power I'm like Black Bolt
here like who black gold like both in
humans got the tuning fork in his head
oh I can't talk or whole like blow up
mountains oh right right said I don't
know much about the inhuman you're kind
of book dork
I don't know much about demons all right
187 miles hundred and twenty-one okay
we're gonna get this one's the closest
so we're gonna go towards the
compression coil it's my plan anyway
so you see like you can choose your
objective right these are the things you
need to repair your ship and so when you
click on them a little arrow shows up
here and that's the direction needs it
that's we're going towards our
compression coil now oh these colors are
like the different factions tour box the
Raiders the whatnots the Hoos it's okay
there's a camp oh your scanners show
several blips - they're just some
tumbleweeds ok great rich how would you
how would you classify your high school
clique Mike Mike
I'm a lone wolf I don't have it I have a
clique ain't no fucking clique I didn't
want to be a part of your fucking group
I wanted to be left the fuck alone Mike
that's funny I need you to transport
sure
great
if we deliver a thing we get we get
money I also did not have a clique in
high school I was a jumper jumper like
like like they had to talk you off of
the roof like the counselors came in
yeah so so no one wanted don't do it or
do it we don't have everything to live
for or you don't we don't know you that
well
no I jumped from group to group who said
what I was thinking perhaps we shouldn't
deliver this tour back by Thursday we
could try selling it no we're gonna
deliver it we said we were gonna deliver
it we're gonna do it with a fucking tour
vac thing okay I want to get into STNG
where do I start I'm assuming you're
talking about start record your next
generation yeah season three well you
can start with your season two's not bad
but season three I guess some good good
next great episodes in next gen in
season three I think just start from the
beginning no no no skip season one you
if you're not if you're not already
prone to liking Star Trek to begin with
yeah season one will scare you off cuz
season one is fucking awful start at the
very least start with two though I
recommend starting with three and if you
like three go to season two okay then if
you like season two em season three then
start watching season one and if you
still can't stand season one fuck it go
straight to season four that's my
recommendation best I don't know I don't
know if it's a good episode I mean I had
a good starting episode but my favorite
episode who watches the Watchers oh yeah
that's a great one that's just that's
some classic TNG karien shit for these
guys and they're giving me shit that's
what people do they give you shit
they're giving me shit rich season two
has dr. elderly though yeah she was much
more interesting than dr. crusher I
don't care if she was elderly I don't
watch Star Trek because of the hot women
I
I'm not I'm not very fond of dr. crusher
cuz she just seems like a soap opera
doctor I'm saying lines
hand me the scalpel laser and I'll do
the medical thing
I can't buy gates mcfadden is being like
intelligent I just can't do it yeah
whereas whereas I'm trying to flank on
her name because I'm drunk blanket
everybody's name doctor elderly yeah
she's just great she's a crusty old
doctor she has a better chemistry with
with a car not necessarily romantic
chemistry right there character
interactions I always thought were much
more interesting sure she and she had a
thing
she had a and she wasn't a transporter
transporter analogy she wasn't that fun
the droid oh yeah yeah then she was a
much more interesting character Pulaski
Pulaski nice was that euros that to chat
oh yes we're doing much better in combat
this time I'm understanding how to play
this it was very exciting for me except
for I forgot to target him again
oh my god oh my god what did you crash
into something apparently you can crash
into things that sounds great
apparently you can crash into things I
just lost a fucking it car they don't
automatically drive out of the way ever
you would think I I don't I also don't
think I can steer my convoy but no my
cars don't automatically jump out of the
way
fuck fuck cart and crusher got married
and divorced in the last episode yeah
it's a time travel episode so that all
counts for Jack shit
fuck
boink
Roger Wilco is driving your vehicles is
that true that's a Space Quest reference
so sorry you can't fit in the racks the
desert racks okay okay that was a clever
reference I liked it
Oh
I don't know how to repair SF debris
debris so I don't know how the same is
pronounced there's another review guy in
a Star Trek episode he's he's a lot of
like and hate whoever he wants it
doesn't change my opinion on Pulaski and
crusher I still like to ask you more and
that's my personal opinion
you are you are free to disagree and I
know most people do you know I enjoyed
parts of what Wesley Crusher was
bringing to it there there were some
like you know father issues that he was
dealing with with Picard that I locked
on to sure he was still there without
without Beverly question but Beverly
added to that storyline yeah I'm not
saying that makes her worth it I'm just
saying I like that aspect let's see here
or hell leftover beefcake disagrees and
he did make her awesome new twitch
program so that's worth something
how do we repair anybody I just I just
don't understand what what Beverly
Crusher brought to the show that
everybody likes other than that she's a
more attractive woman then dr. Pulaski
was I think that I don't I don't
understand what you get with Beverly
Crusher that you didn't get with Pulaski
you get the love triangle thing never no
never never paid off never went anywhere
they didn't ever had great chemistry
together they brought it up once twice
and the writers realize well this just
isn't working on screen and we'll let
that some plot drop and they brought it
up again in like season seven and once
and forgot about it again how do i
repair my fucking car I don't know look
at this I hate this little repair button
this shit are you Jim can you not afford
it cost is five screws I have a hundred
and fifty four screws and I got 200 HP
back and that armor back anyone know how
to play this fucking game I don't mean
to sound mean I'm enjoying it mostly but
I don't know how to repair crusher had
respect for data and and captain Pulaski
was a not nice person the fact that she
didn't have respect for data that was
some scene that was some meat for some
interesting character interaction that
there's some drama you can mine out of
that that conflict they can she can grow
as a character to either you know hate
him more or like him more but with
pressure they were just friends
we're friends of everybody everyone gets
along that's less interesting Pulaski
worked better because she didn't get
along with data because she was willing
to clash with the card
yeah oh we're his classic trek worth a
watch harsh me to say cuz I kind of grew
up with it beside oh no I don't know how
dated I would I would feel classic Trek
is if I just started watching it fresh I
might feel it weird dated there's some
good episodes classic very quiet yeah
but it is I mean it's not it's not
next-gen you know it's cheap III call
next gen peak Star Trek which means I
think it's the it's the most perfect
Star Trek has ever been was next gen I'm
not gonna be happy this is a real thing
that I want to let you know I'm not
gonna be happy until I figure out how to
repair my ships okay
it's obviously just not clicking on that
that would be nice
I just know we have a malfunctioning air
freshener I know all I can smell is
that's like rubbing alcohol and flowers
right behind you unplug it it's fucking
on plug it right
why is your stupid plug like a magnet
with no surface tension that is the
dumbest thing that's just designed to
fall out it's designed to fall out and
not hurt your computer so if say a young
child is running past and trips on it it
pulls out easily it's not my fault that
you are a brute can anyone in a chat
tell me how to repair my ship to repair
from main camp screen click the repair
button the cursor will add a little
repair icon and then click on your
vehicle oh look but it doesn't look at
this so so not over here but just when
you're over your vehicle oh that's weird
that's dumb I get enough thank you sorry
about that everybody that I just I
needed to I just needed to know you that
should just happen right away that the
device came from clay dough one Thank
You clay dough one as a heads-up convoy
that should just had like I click on it
and it changes it into the wrench right
away there was no way I could have known
that I also issued it nice pent my money
incorrectly but that's fine that's fine
ok so now we're gonna go back to this
one okay head back over here
they're gonna head to the the milspec
cuz I'll get lots of money a voice calls
out to you on the radio
you are the scumbag that stole our
fuelled cubes soup 43 hit hit refresh
and it should no longer say we are
playing dead rising yes ready weapons
alright here we go
Jesus I'm not prepared for this place
Jesus Christ any any thoughts on
enterprise personally I thought it got
more hate than it deserved I couldn't I
got like four isn't four episodes into
season one and I stopped watching it
entirely oh yeah I'm like a huge Star
Trek fan so I I couldn't stand it I
didn't even start watching it outside of
the church it just look done no offense
to Bakula who I love but it just looked
out Chef people who still think it's
those Dead Rising and if refresh isn't
working it clearly says convoy on the
screen I'm looking at so I'm gonna blame
twitch if you're still having issues I
think that's fair there's fair blame to
be out there yeah
I mean any thoughts on deep space 9 it's
fine show wasn't my thing - it was like
that's different
whereas next-gen was like wrapped up in
morality yeah and philosophy deep space
9 was was a political drama yeah and
it's just not mine so not my thing
nothing nothing personally I guess it's
just not my thing that's unusual for
being a Star Trek series that kind of
embraced war yeah Roddenberry's
Roddenberry's naive vision does that
humanity would grow completely beyond
all of that and we would reason our way
out of everything and deep space 9 comes
along and snow we're still gonna have
war and it's gonna be really really
horrible war that drags in an entire
galaxies oh yeah
no and I understand why people like it
but you know I was such a fan of
next-gen that I just couldn't get into
it
nice oh no that's that's fine okay we're
doing great
we're doing great I'm understanding how
this game works now and I'm kind of
enjoying it I'll tell you this excellent
excellent
but actually a little upset that we got
this on Rich's computer but that's okay
okay first thing is go to the shop see
if I can buy another dude I can't that's
all right
that's fine return so then we're going
to prepare cuz I know how to repair now
which I'm very excited about
I should probably some more fuel - have
you ever watched the animated - Star
Trek universe in the 70s kind of I
didn't even know that was the thing yeah
yes they had some of the same writers of
the original series they got they got
like Shatner and Nimoy and everyone back
to do the voices so it's actually their
voices and some of the episodes you know
they're lot sure very well-written it
feels like a lost season of the original
series really yeah yeah the animated
series some quality episodes I
ironically because it's animated they
could do some things they never would
have had the budget for and the
live-action series sure like I remember
there's a giant and like a gigantic ship
like weird-looking bug monsters and you
never see that yeah it sounds great
that's fun okay
oh well here it is we get there who who
is the best blind actor Rutger Hauer
that's blank URI reference that's a
movie the movie I've never seen right
it's a good guy I'm trying to think of
an actual blind actor I don't I can't
think of any I don't know you know the
best Bond actor I never plays blind
characters and you never know he's blind
right Jack Nicholson was blind you know
that he's a great fucking actor yeah oh
yeah okay we should get a ton of money
for this unless it's a we're pleased we
were already oh I guess it's money
yeah I do business great that's too far
away you know you know what you know
what blind fury is Jack what is blind
fury it's like a the tone would be
lighter but it's like if they made a
movie about stick oh okay that sounds
cool like stick camp sticks a new
character another dude a younger less
less bitter stick okay all right then I
can definitely get down although I mean
the old bitter stick is good sure sure
right
it's got his walking stick this is a
katana blade hidden in the walking stick
this is a movie I'd yes blind fury I
love it how I never denied some b-movie
it's a b-movie that's a good be movie
for sure
turn
this guy change the back give you these
guys
upgrade at armor
your range
turn I am figuring this out rich and
that you you ready you figure that thing
out I am pretty excited about this but
if I seen the original blind samurai
films just likes a series of films about
a blind samurai that blind theory was
based on I think you Jimbo
I think I think I have not seen want to
kind of want to know but I heard about
it I haven't seen any of a lot of
properties are telling you cowboy dude
is it radio them back fuck you guys
we ain't giving you shit
do i watch classic UK sci-fi TV shows um
I'm not a big fan of Doctor Who right I
kept trying to think of other ones
another's Red Dwarf some first episode
didn't like first episode in Red Dwarf
I'm trying to think of others I can't
think of many other British sci-fi it's
not off the top of my head I'm funny and
a probably seen them and loved it or
whatever it was the only two that come
to mind is the first things a British
sci-fi ored 4-conductor yeah yeah that's
pretty much oh you know I tried to get
into the new who I know you did and I'm
really sorry that you didn't like it
yeah just cuz it is something that I
enjoy a lot but what happens dick
this music is so chill yeah it's it
doesn't fit I think like if I play this
just by myself I'm just gonna turn it
off and turn on like risk of rain
soundtrack risk of rain soundtrack would
work is shockingly well with this by the
way
go right through it no that's fine just
go right through bringing a black mirror
I'm tired I just haven't seen any a
black girl I have nothing against it I
like it a lot based on what I've heard
yeah you would like it a lot
blackberries fun is there any other
notable British sci-fi TV I mean I'm
sure I know there's I know there's UFO
which is what XCOM was actually based
off of oh yeah XCOM was originally
called UFO it was basically ripping off
that TV show organization that that
studied UFOs that were invading and
serious era that's really funny I've
never seen it like that Torchwood
haven't seen it Torchwood's good I
wouldn't necessarily call Torchwood
sci-fi but tour if you like detective
shows talk to it is very oh no oh no
that's I'm thinking of something
entirely different
Blake 7 haven't haven't seen it I've
never even heard of that oh you know you
know what you would hate Torchwood
because it's a doctor who's been off oh
yeah yeah recommended that bunch of
people just program I mentioned what are
the other British sci-fi the sheriff's
Android
I guess I guess farce Great Escape is
Australian yeah
very easily doesn't require
okay trying to catch up I suppose it's
been a while we should catch up um let's
see here
Master Kenobi double-oh-seven Lord gonzo
pizza train 11 regiment ring neck and oz
Mike thank you all for subscribing
we very much appreciate it we really do
that's that's great also like let us
know if you guys how do you guys feel
about this like us and yeah I'll get
this one too cuz it's right now nervous
chicken thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciate it
we really do so what do you guys what do
you guys feel about us lumping the
subscription thank-yous together does
that help
I'm gonna say that I like it because
we're not stopping what we're talking
about to do the shoutout I suppose I
like that I do okay I'm with you I'm
with it we never we because we have this
list right here thank you so much again
leftover beefcake I never feel compelled
to like stop our conversation maybe yes
yes alright then oh then we're gonna
stick with it
somebody's saying they liked it but they
enjoyed the months in a row bed yeah
that's that's kind of run its course
yeah
that monster oh we get it we get it yeah
we go I'm gonna get my flux capacitor
rich you you do that all right
you arrive at the professor's laboratory
or laboratory the plot around it is
littered with various bits of machinery
presumably discarded experiments whilst
the laboratory itself appears to be an
old hangar approach it you went to the
laboratory filled machines and
experiments for mana amidst the chaos
the professor's running around pulling
the beavers adjusting dials and
scribbling notes whilst mumbling to
himself he notices you and approaches
hello my name is professor used to have
a different name but I forgot it hardly
any use for a name anyway uh-huh ask
about the flux capacitor so a flux
capacitor you say UO came for the right
place I'm quite an expert on those
babies I can build you unsuitable first
spaceship but I haven't got any
everything I need in order to generate
the Ricard 1.21 jigowatts i'll need a
highly volatile energy source which I
haven't caught lying around but I know
where to find it okay okay um that's the
only tor vac has access to energy
sources of this magnitude so if you
could acquire an energy pylon and bring
it back I can fix you up with a flux
capacitor and use it to access energy
for my own projects great okay what's
going back inside let's see what happens
whatever okay what happened nothing no
nothing okay there's nothin loving
loving life will brings up something
that I want to talk about okay for
anybody who was not aware that does
steam Oh steam has has teamed up with
the Obsidian read for scammers who did
that that was doesn't miss the Bethesda
and they are now charging for mods mods
are no longer a free thing for for it
maybe there's some people who aren't
into the PC gaming why don't you give
the lowdown on what mods are mods are
when a yeutter yeah you turn when a you
tur when a user modifies a game in some
way uh-huh maybe the long war ex-con mod
that changed us a bunch of combat
variables or somebody wants to like
design their own gun to use in a game
and you know and and historically
throughout the entirety of gaming's
existence these have all been free
because you know they haven't been able
to legally charge money you make a you
make a model level for a game you make
your own single-player level for fee for
Jedi Knight or whatever you just just
make that and you can't make money off
it it's somebody else's game throw it
out in the internet other people can use
it ya know now they're charging money
for these things
yep and I have mixed feelings about him
okay I really do
as as somebody who makes a living off of
like digital online content mm-hmm I can
I can understand that the need to make
your your money off of these things that
you spend your you know your your time
your own personal time creating making
you know yeah I understand why you would
want to see a profit from that mm-hmm
but then there's the gamer a part of me
that just thinks well this is this is
one more nickel and one more dime and
the the the greedy crash cash grab that
gaming is defaulting into the the
cesspool that I've seen us going down
and do ever since the start of Deal
I'm spinning that as a positive thing
sir when it was really the beginning of
the end
hahaha an online DRM and no no mods cost
money mm-hmm some I'm torn I I
understand it and I'm glad that people
who spend all of their free time making
these things get to see something out of
it but at the same time it's sad it's
it's it's one more one more bite in the
ass sure
and you know I mean one of the one of
the advantages that PC gaming always had
over the counsels was mod you know you
can mine on PC you can do what you want
with the game all the files and people
do all these great things you can use
them no 5 bucks 5 bucks yeah you want to
use this arm right as like 5 bucks and
it's just nickel dime nickel dime deal
see here here we released 30% of a game
now we're gonna charge you for the rest
in $15 chunks for the next six months
you know and I think I've been paying
attention to this I don't use any mods
I've never I never have just because I
just never I've never used them on yes
then a fan of toast three eight eight
it's only for Skyrim and I'm sure it
will remain that way for all the rest of
time and this will never ever expand to
other games just like DLC was never
supposed to be abused that was always
going to be for content create specific
we made after the game no scams going on
there and that was never going to happen
this will be one isolated incident
here's here's the the part of the
conversation that I think is not
emphasized enough in this whole and this
whole debacle a lot of people are really
pissed about like charging for Vermont
not and their piston valve and they're
pissed at Bethesda right the one thing
that is really lacking in the
conversation and gabe newell did a did a
reddit AMA yesterday to kind of quell
rumors and be like this is why we made
the decision to do this and someone
asked him point blank is do modders have
to charge for mods and he said no so
modders still have the ability to give
away their content for free it is up to
them whether or not they charge but but
they will especially if there's a
popular mod and I don't blame them for
that right at all I don't that's why I'm
torn the but I mean if you think if you
think this is gonna be isolated to just
Skyrim this is this is the foot in the
door and see this this will be across
the board and I'm I'm I'm only your one
side rich because of course I'm a
content creator this is how I earn my
living I want to see modders make money
if people are enjoying the thing that
they make they should make money valve
is trying to set up a a marketplace for
them Bethesda wants to keep earning
money on their game and so they're like
kind of official izing they're they're
modding capabilities so to me I I think
it's fine I think it's a good thing it
doesn't affect me in any way because I
don't use mods so I have very little to
say about this but I see it as a ICS
away from modders to make money and if
you enjoy their mod it's good it's good
what is a popular mod plenty of popular
mods fucking counter-strike
what's a popular mod yeah ode I mean
fuck team the original team fortress was
nothing but a quake mod yeah yeah but
like nowadays like for example there is
a mod that someone sent us like a dsfix
for Dark Souls yeah that like ups the
graphics fixes some glitches oh and a
thing if they if they start charging for
mods that just fix get a broken game
developer release well man just be the
saddest fucking thing in the world
like their Skyrim also has done like
just Google Skyrim mods and like there
are people that make your player you can
play as a marshmallow there's a mod that
makes everybody naked so you can
everybody can be naked you know like
there's just there's a zillion mods what
Lord Saavik saying it's going to kill
creativity kill the community and cause
all manner of legal nightmares you know
legal nightmares is true you you argue
Jack yes that it would encourage matters
because though good matters will want to
make money yeah my my view on that is
that between Steam and Bethesda they're
taking 75% of the money made off of
these mods no matter unless except for
the very most popular mods out there are
going to make enough of a profit to
really give you incentive to spend all
your time just making mods for games I
don't think it's going to spark a lot of
mods it won't it won't like it won't
turn a lot of modders professional yeah
but I think it's enough it's enough to
like give them that little boost with
like oh what am I gonna do today am I
gonna am I gonna go work am I gonna go
to work or am I gonna work on my mod
well maybe I can work on my mom today
you know like maybe it's just enough
incentive for the people who are on the
fence
the the the people who are like already
have the best mods are probably making
money anyway
yes leftover beefcake I have heard from
you I heard about this mighty YouTube
video that was talking about it 75
percent is what there's the figure I was
quoted well so the modders get 25
percent yeah valve gets 30 percent for
being the marketplace and Bethesda will
get 45 percent yeah for being the
original game creator and and by the way
that that number the percentage is set
by Bethesda not by valve okay okay the
and every and and every game company
will get to set their own percentages so
that's not ubiquitous across the board
that's just what Bethesda has set okay
so like for example from software might
like be ok with Dark Soul mods and
they'll be like I give the modders
fuckin all the you know give them 70%
valve take 13 we don't care that's up to
them and so that that's the part of the
conversation I think is lacking a lot is
modders get to choose and the software
companies get to choose and that's all
part of the marketplace I suppose I
suppose the potential upshot is that it
would make a developer more likely to
have their game be mod friendly yeah
there's a lot of games that are just a
bitch to mod the downside is if there's
a game with a lot of good mods it's
gonna you know between that and DLC it's
gonna cost you like 150 dollars to have
a game with all the mods you want right
ain't that the truth get my ass handed
to me here rich that's okay yeah I I'm
starting to really like the combat I
wish I lost my other vehicle and man do
I miss him man do I miss him
come on kill him already
that's dumb idea that's a dumb idea
I'm sorry go on this side red skull red
skull means bad I don't know like I I
think everybody
