Brutal Demon's Souls (Part 1)
June 14, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T8HZtRlNg6Y

Beck demons soul demons souls not demon
souls I keep calling it Demon Souls like
singular demon I did i smartened up rich
i smartened up I got another xbox360
controller okay well what is that oh oh
no not just that in fact um it's it's
not the monitor rich it's the it's
coming from the capture software you
need to turn that audio off hold on we
have to do a bunch of things we have to
do a bunch of things
Oh on the first day
on the first day you're probably gonna
hear a little neck oh man was granted a
soul and with it on the second day upon
earth was planted an derivative a soul
devouring demon
this is great
are you guys hearing uh are you guys
hearing it echo it's only showing up and
half the screen right now yeah fit to
screen and yes i we know it's too loud
we will turn it down I will turn it down
in-game
we need a name for our bridge fuck this
fuckface great fuckface sounds great
what what a weird way of doing numbers
they didn't used to do this was there
some kind of retarded system update
can we just why is this capital fook
yeah let's do this let's do fook facce
whatever
the vein recently changed the
PlayStation 3 keyboard layout near the
end of the PlayStation 3 's life for
absolutely no good reason this is weird
I have no idea
fook-la che
we'll be male you know what I kind of
like him like yes you don't want to be
an old lady I always want to be an old
lady
okay so we have soldier oh man I don't
know what any of these things mean
soldiers pretty good night hunter maybe
won't be a hunter priests let's be a
hunter that sounds pretty awesome
somebody says Noble which means it's the
last thing you should be I will never
believe you again ooh a wanderer that
doesn't seem that very good stance
wanderer has good dexterity whatever
that means a barbarian has good strength
probably like the skills yeah let's be a
barbarian you do what you want Jack
great I want to be a barbarian
uncle you this is all you I got I I have
PlayStation three you don't yeah sure
that's a good name the derpy fook facce
no this is fuck fuck J okay great okay
for pot J you look great I know I need
to turn down the game volume still I'm
working on it or you can do it
Bhalla Talia from the outside world
I likable Italian rich I like saying
boletaria say that all my bullets never
get old
just like Jimmy jams Jimmy James got old
real fast
I've also gotten better at just
articulating myself except when you're
talking about invisible ink I felt I did
a good job defending my position even
though I disagree with the colorless
logs of boletaria I like Jimmy James to
mister shiz my albums rich does - he's
just he just he wants to try to be cool
just can't be he just can't be cool rich
you gotta be cool what if I ever been
cool never I like this
i I'm I'm holding back all I'm using all
my strength to hold back myself from
skipping this gutsy and I wanna let you
guys know that skip it I don't give a
shit you know we shouldn't it's our
first time playing and we should give it
a give it a shot
how important was story in blood-borne
not important I definitely don't I don't
want like at the end of this story I
don't want there to be like now here's
how you play the game and then miss that
so in just in case they decide to tell
us how to play the game I'm sure just
giving the cutscene won't skip the
tutorial I don't know I don't know how
to do I don't I think you're parroting
me that's what I think you're doing I
get it I get it
I'm glad I'm glad that I get it yeah I
think we're the hero rich really you
don't think we're we're just some random
NPC who runs the shop in the town we
sold the hero who walks in a pair boots
of plus one walking wouldn't that be
great if that was our job we but but
here's the thing our our job is to see
you later our job is to build up our
shop so they so the hero wants to come
in actually this is a good idea
shop shop keepers shopkeeper simulator I
want to see this now all right I'm being
dead serious I'm with you look at my
barbarian oh fuck I get a club that's
awesome you should still be able to roam
around the town and talk to the normal
townspeople well because you have to get
stuff for supplies sure sure
and everyone's like business deals yeah
send it my way
and at first you're just selling the the
plus one boots
yeah but then like you you you graduate
and you you get a shop near the final
boss you never fight the final boss but
you get a shop near the final boss okay
right you can even have like a dungeon
you go in to find items the sole okay
very blood-borne whoa
well well first things first system
options
camera up down reverse slow down that
camera speed
great
oh okay here we go
so you know like similar like attacks
with that owl l1 is like hold up to
shield and l2 is like shield bash which
is great there's a glowy thing we've
message absolutely
okay great I want standard attack there
r1 r1 that's like Oh is there a lock on
there is a lock on more about the shot
okay sounds exciting
I think it's great I think it's great
and then like the the real hard part is
you know if you're a shopkeeper and
you're moving yourself closer to the end
boss for better for better profit of are
see how do you then you need to like
also be that character that sends the
hero on the quest to like remove the
goblins from your shop right which will
cost you money or equipment and you need
to like make these kind of decisions to
figure into your bottom line because it
for you it's not about defeating anyone
it's about having a profitable shop the
goblins are blocking your medicinal herb
subs exactly exactly
it actually sounds like there's a good
game in there oh sure oh shit I missed
it Wow dick they're like oh there's like
a there's like a dodgeball button okay
great
no need to keep thinking it up it
already exists reckon rec rec head of
tier records 'dear racketeer re c ET t
EA our hold on you know oh yeah who that
shit rich is googling it right now right
the fuck now
Oh oh there's like soul guys Oh Q
racketeer and item shops tail you in
this touchpad I don't know how to click
on things rich his problem Rick
racketeer how to start an item shop is a
role-playing game developed by Japanese
dojin maker easygamestation for the
Windows operating system when did you
come out the game um 2007 oh okay the
game follows a young girl named roquette
who is charged by the fairy tier to run
an item shop out of her house to pay off
the considerable debt her father had
accumulated
in the game the player controls Raquette
in several areas of gameplay including
bargaining and haggling with clients for
goods great
huh
ah yeah say huh
I like it why so came up for Windows huh
yeah add it to the is our list of games
to play a list up no you're all numbers
and let me hold up that tab yeah let me
open up the official somebody's saying
it's not a good game just related to the
discussion oh okay well then fuck it I'm
not adding it okay you go okay yeah no
I'm not adding it to the list of games
of what crescent moon grass is the thing
that heals you for why and yes I know I
was supposed to jump down there I'm just
inspecting we little fall damage little
fall damage
just finally I'm hurting everybody's
ears again here I'm Michael now on the
other side of the damn room
Bango Bango rich you have a magical
voice I understand it's unusual what my
voice it's it's special it is you know
very very blood-borne whoa even the
visceral attack yeah behind yep and
there's fun ragdoll physics oh you know
I guess who I should stop saying it's
very blood-borne blood-borne is very
this Oh what I was looking at was
earlier you're you're you're on your
laptop your chat stops your chat just
frozen on your laptop no it's nowhere
near where the chat is oh no I'm sorry
reality notes ok so friend I wasn't
currently that was probably still from
when I was reading off neighbours sure
your thing froze ok yeah oh yeah getting
behind people is the way to go do the
drill get behind and oh yeah visceral
attack fuck yeah these herbs
yeah like eight of them I don't think I
want to do that yet whatever that is
that seems like something important
picking up that thing I want to clear
the area first
can I go in the water yes I can go in
the water I'm gonna say maybe uh-huh I
can go in the water going in the water
does not hurt me hopefully it's some
clothes nope
staying naked I'm a barbarian
motherfucker you can't handle this warps
a new area yes
I'm the hero okay hit a command R that
might refresh it okay no problem a
little bit is your read up on top it's
right in front there right in front of
you absolutely
okay r2 is strong attack oh yeah
guess what I'm not gonna need that
getting behind you I know I'm probably
not supposed to know that attack yet you
know in the game world yeah but I do l2
is Perry something we're having trouble
hearing you but they're afraid to turn
up the mic cuz I might blow out their
eardrums absolutely I just moved the mic
a bit further from my face you should be
safe no one is waiting l2 is Perry repel
an enemy attack after pairing you can
rip host oh I've been trying to do as
she I thought this was like an attack
like a shield bash but apparently that's
uh nope oh okay I see okay you have to
hold it
and if they hit your shield you can rip
those a rep Jose great okay great
that's great that's not a stairwell okay
and we're moving demon solo also rich
can you update the stream that we are
playing Demon Souls sure you should be
able to do it I think I have a tab open
oh my god a lot of tabs it's a lot of
101 of tabs one of the tabs says
something
I can't believe I say that and shocked
that I survived that properly updated
great thank you no problem
thank you this does not this this
crescent moon grass does not give you a
lot of help as a fly wield weapon with
both hands press the triangle button
when then you can do very fine
ah fuck you dude let's get behind you
nope okay all right try again
attack me again he's gonna die this time
probably
it's a shield break them
my face there you go there we go got him
oh my god
got him well this is the tutorial so
let's not celebrate this one is from
software giving a shit about tutorial
right well they've learned since this
game they've learned not to go easy on
you Oh checking well I only have one out
weapon so okay so yeah much like much I
keep saying much like blood-borne
blood-borne much like this woo Halfmoon
grass I bet that heals me more or half
as much which was it I don't know I'm
still eating my crescent moon grass
until it's gone
I'll need okay okay okay here we go here
we go we're moving we're moving oh
there's a guy whoa
fuck you tell you yeah so you should
take your time in combat okay that is
good to know you're so great yeah and I
mean but I I even have that problem in
blood-borne where you know you get into
the fight so much where you just want to
hack and slash so much and I know I
can't I know I can't but you want to
like old-looking heck fucking hacker
wait I'm with you though mr. schat's now
thank you for reminding me slow and
steady wins the race come down here I'm
done here I see that bow and arrow guy
or crossbow guy up there boom boom you
fucking done son so enjoyable so far I
don't know I I don't know if I would
have been into this like at the time
knowing in the fog do we do we do indeed
okay I get some more crescent moon grass
even nother Chris moon grass all right
here we go
anything over here thank jump
I can roll all right all right I'm doing
it I'm going into the fog
Oh dick this is just guys are not
monsters huh well maybe the fog you know
doesn't maybe doesn't mean what it used
to mean it's fine that's fine
oh yeah these guys are just guys so far
we are not fighting monsters or what
were they in Dark Souls where they were
just guys right weren't they like
dragons oh they were like skeletons
right yeah yeah stuff oh oh here we go
this looks like the good fog this looks
like the fog of the fog
yep oh that's far we go oh my god that
thing's got great eyes I like the street
glowing eyes jesus H Christ
nope oh my god oh fuck what the fly you
fuck huh you I didn't know if he was
gonna attack healing yeah you know it
takes time heavy heavy attack
do the stager
you never know it might work what ah
that role was poorly timed or you don't
get the Impala no I think I rolled right
into it I died yeah I got I got at least
three hits on him I feel pretty good
about that our mics on who for what for
the game not sure yeah we might not be
synched up with the game so are you are
you hearing spoilers well don't react
things for like a second right oh I
think that was one of those you're
supposed to die fights because we got
I'm not gonna take over because I'm the
one who owns a Playstation 3 and I can
play this one ever yes no Jack's not
gonna have many opportunities for demon
souls okay rich rich played brutal doom
you got a little brood of doom Thank You
Lois Jack's death counters that one and
this might be a pre-planned one I don't
know
well I'm sure like if you were just good
enough you could have beat him but like
that first werewolf yeah where you're
kind of supposed to die to figure out
what's going on
you can't kill them though but it's
unintended right you have died and the
Nexus has trapped your soul you cannot
escape the Nexus
however by capturing demons souls you
can reclaim your physical body I don't I
mean I don't know why it's fine okay
good great hello Porter fire oh so rich
why isn't this on pc why can't we have
nice things the world was too cruel an
unhappy place generally speaking in my
in my experience not everything can be
ported you know they might have had a
deal with Sony to make this a lifetime
exclusive and and at the time they were
a younger company so you know they
probably took the deal
maybe one day you know if passed gaming
consoles have taught us anything
eventually everything will be on PCD
right right now you can play them any
many NES game oh sure yes type of stuff
I'm just saying one day like they sold
the kind of you can emulate places to
games and I'm perfect I don't believe
you you're just an ordinary blacksmith
Forge ones you already have your souls
you can go on I get it what about do I
get it
that's Captain America I would have
loved it if the Jurassic world dinosaurs
had feathers I would have part of part
of what I loved about the original
Jurassic Park when I came out was that
it used the up-to-date modern science on
dinosaurs before that dinosaurs weren't
fast speedy things they weren't they
weren't related to birds and movies
there were big dumb slow lizards and the
tails would drag on the ground dress
park changed all of that
a large part of what I loved about that
movie was science II kind of stuff and
now they're making made-up monsters so
they can copyright the toys and I have
no interests in Jurassic world even
though it made like a bazillion dollars
how do I know how to repair it I mean
this is how do I know oh I see okay I
didn't maybe I wanted to we now have
better genes you know to clone in in the
first one they were using and phibian
DNA right which maybe made them take on
a more and phibian like look but now
what if they've actually found and were
able to clone dinosaur DNA without the
use of amphibians so we they get pure
dinosaurs yeah yeah you know you know oh
it's almost as if it's a story and
anything can happen it's almost as if
they could make it up as they go along
all right I gotta go up one of these
dealings I guess here
hello
they said the made a dinosaur does make
me as mad as the trained velociraptors
do that's way worse in my opinion but
you see you can actually train real-life
animals real life animals aren't just
monsters that go to eat every human
being they see sure and that's the
problem with the third movie the third
movie dress part three there's a scene
with the Tyrannosaurus Rex he's eating
like a dead brontosaurus he's got this
literally he's got like gigantic meal
and he's already eating it and then he
sees three humans and he immediately
abandons this enough meat to feed him
for like a year to chase half of the
human some of them instead sure sure and
it makes no fucking sense right okay I'm
with you I'm with you yeah the Train
Raptors are the least offensive thing
right like you know if only there was a
real world analogy where we could say
like oh here's like a predator in the
wild but someone has trained them if
only they were like yeah like lion
tamers or something I'm sure sure if
people had like some kind of precedence
some some like bears or elephants or you
know stuff like that worth like these
are wild animals but people actually
like train them and have them as not
pets but you know
I don't know where I'm going but that's
okay I'm just exploring
this is not the right way to go all
right maybe I wasn't supposed to go this
way
I'm sorry for everyone here who has
played demon souls before you probably
know what to do have we seen the Lion
King yeah we have I'm assuming you have
The Lion King
yeah like the Disney animated musical
The Lion King I fucking hate it
what I fucking hate it The Lion King yes
I hate the music in it I hate the story
I hate the characters really I hate the
Lion King yes you heard it here first
folks but okay this is not the way to go
either rich hates the Lion King oh my
god I'm like burning up uh okay you know
the music is not my favorite music and
and I'm a fan in general of animated
musicals it's not my favorite music it's
alright I think well I dig the story
though I'm down with the story like I
feel like that I feel like you know this
symbol looking at this should be so oh
there we go it is something touch arch
stone of the small King I don't know if
I want to do that or what's this one
this is one I can touch to that great
the mermaids using the Beast is amazing
you got the lion killer that's my that's
how I feel about it I mean it's not as
good as a Little Mermaid orbiting the
Beast better than say your Mulan's or
Pocahontas is no I'll put I'll put Mulan
ahead yeah I haven't seen Pocahontas so
you know it's been a while since I've
seen you on a high-school boy that I
like I like the lion Kling Kling I like
the line clean I like the static cling I
think it's a fun story I like the
darkness of it I'll I like I mean just
walking through the elephant graveyard
right that's creepy shit it's great it's
got that obnoxious home improvement kid
as a voice and he's annoying as a kid as
an adult he's just fucking bland
as I like Timon and Pumba noxious comedy
relief ah yeah I can yep yep yep saw
some bacon yep yep yep he's a big big
you can be a big pig too boy it's great
that's great a little Redemption story
this big fucking dragon I'm not I don't
feel like I am prepared to fight the big
fucking dragon you're allowed to like
the Lion King
I just don't like it right I'm just
saying rich is just saying don't want to
touch that yeah James Earl Jones
Mustapha how not like him rich and he
actually phrased it that way how not
like him
same way I didn't like him in attack of
the clones and just have Revenge of the
Sith just because you got James Earl
Jones it doesn't mean it's quality movie
right James Earl Jones is a fine actor a
fine voice acting as a shame he dies the
beginning of the movie I'm not killing
it already take my time get some
crescent moon grass here
oh god it's not doing anything my health
bar is just that low oh I'm an idiot
I'm a dummy rich I'm a big dumb dummy
gonna hit this horse
fuck you horse why did you make me eat
that grass that's really funny all right
all right I've heard great things about
the yeah I don't think there's one song
of that movie I like not even just can't
wait to be king
no not even the opening no goz it gonna
be is it about my my you're annoying oh
yeah oh yeah come on if they do I see
you you guys are trying to be sneaky I
see you fucks
I'm gonna try this
Oh what that didn't work
apparently rep Jose doesn't work against
flying attacks that was me being sneaky
okay come on come on you fuck come on
you fuck flying attack circle round
no all right well fuck both of you is
that a joke because I think they are the
black hole I think so what's the black
hole that was a Disney science-fiction
movie where they flew into a black hole
Oh cuz prison scientists wanted to take
everybody into a black hole oh cool
and then I got a giant killer red robot
that was neat how I was able to roll
around other people and I'm not able to
do that anymore flying r2d2 with eyes oh
yeah no that sounds neat
you know what that sounds neat I want
you know what I tried to propose seeing
and it didn't work against their flying
attack so then I tried to roll around
him and that didn't work - I'm finding
my flow everybody just settle the fridge
down my favorite movie is a child I give
you a list I don't think I can give you
one Robocop aliens
diehard gremlins fucking Indiana Jones
right as the Lost Ark Star Wars sure
yeah that seems like a pretty good list
Indiana Jones pretty baller I got the C
R rated movie this when I was a kid
mm-hmm they were never off limits
boom rep Jose motherfucker
yep Jose did it my mother was a horror
movie aficionado
so horror there were like movie nights
where be stuff like Friday the 13th
family movie back yeah of course
all right junior fucks sure graphic on
okay I got you I got you ticket I got
your number I got your ticket nope I
don't I didn't have his number or his
ticket rich I was born in good movie
times I think I think I was born in the
vet the best movie times like ever yeah
III don't think modern day has surpassed
80s movies like the franchises they're
milking now those were born when I was a
kid watching movies that's a that's a
very appropriate way to put it yeah all
right all right we're gonna try this
again not not nailing it with the rip
Jose yet we're gonna get there come here
come here
attack me are you excited for the new
Pixar movie inside out you mean you mean
Herman's head I've heard good things
that was good but it's a totally aping
Herman's head well where's fine it's not
like Herman's heads done anything with
the concept in 20 years
longer Jesus Christ
right fucking get on it Herman's head
we're waiting oh that's my glowing thing
okay here we go it would go here we go
here we go now oh I see you
is there someone behind here - of course
there is you don't get me with your
scary stuff
boom rep Jose come on frighten me come
on
Jack stop pronounce stop not pronouncing
the T and repost the English the English
language weeps what is it what is it
cold pronounce it I pronounce it repost
repost yeah what do you say I've been
saying rep Jose what the fuck I don't
know what it's coming but you I haven't
been paying enough attention you've been
saying rep Jose there's an e at the end
yeah but it's also a t I thought it was
French the French don't pronounce
thirty's I'm doing it RIA spell it
someone spell it phonetically are you -
POS T we post ok what's it I don't know
maybe maybe we're all getting it wrong
that's entirely possible it could be
just because the majority believe
something it doesn't mean it's right
someone forum I mean it's just kind of
like Christianity you know we need
someone from from software to be like
actually it's it's pronounced durndle
it's pronounced during goal and I really
wish all you guys would stop
mispronouncing it rich are you on the
Jurassic world half in the bag review
see that's very clever
did you see how that's clever I do see
how that's good yeah they're trying
they're not trying to find out if I'm in
a half in the bag Jurassic world review
they're just trying to find out events
the next review ha ha
and that's very clever so I'm not going
to respond nice so I don't like being
manipulated goddammit
instant relief says it's pronounced Jack
what the fuck is going on in your brain
if if I could tell you that I think
first of all I would have way more shit
together like if I could explain to you
what was happening and oh it's already
it's already posted what's already
posted I don't know what you're talking
about what are you talking about I'm not
gonna give it you're just not gonna get
me these people they think they're smart
sometimes they're you know what yet
sometimes you're very clever I want to
know what this is but I don't
necessarily want to jump into that but I
do you know what I'm saying yeah no Sam
yeah this big swirly pit of swirling
stuff and I oh you sneaky fuck you can't
oh there's two sneaky fucks you you two
sneaky fucks you come out here and fight
me you fuck
half-hearted roar I guess or whatever I
mean obviously the next better the next
half of the bag is going to be a belated
review of pitch perfect - absolutely
obviously
spoiler alert as well to get to it yeah
but you know that was one of those where
I I don't think there was necessarily a
time limit just because that's a movie
that will live on yeah yeah
mistimed it mistimed my reposts
taking it easy taking it slow Zippity
doo down City day my jamming this corpse
firebomb nice great okay I have fire
bombs okay I want to say legs what's
going on with your health bar there do
you see how it has that notch in the
middle yeah that's my max health why is
that why is that half what it started
off as well cuz because I'm in the dead
world I think okay so because I'm in the
dead world ice fucking gotcha
fucking gotcha yes Blood Dragon is
currently 75% off I think it's I think
II can get it now for like 3 bucks which
for 3 bucks one dragon is totally worth
the fuck I died I was so close to that
fucking fog too
Oh way the fuck back here am I just
gonna have to do the run past everyone
thing if you want to I think I am
I think I do the same where you have to
find the light I don't know if it's the
torture it's like the fog is the
waypoint button okay
oh fuck you so no armor in this is that
just a shirt barbarian or I think it's
just cuz I'm a barbarian hold on fucking
shirt right listen I'm not gonna take
your Puritan worldview it here it is
great shit not ready I'm not ready
Oh Oh
see you I see you then have a nice night
Oh bother
yes I'll bother thank you for the beer
we really appreciate it
well I do I think rich appreciates the
thought calves or warriors Blackhawks
our black our Blackhawks of Chicago team
yeah and how are they how are they doing
in the hockey their one victory away
from winning everything okay the other
team was only two victories away from
winning everything oh I've got you I was
at I was at a wedding last night and
apparently they the bride and groom are
from Chicago
the Chicago land area and they had made
a Stanley Cup out of the PBR beer cans
oh my god that's that's so classless and
and during the wedding they were you
know excitingly kissing it as they do in
the hockey and I had I know very little
about hockey and I had to explain that
to people like no that's a they must
really enjoy the hockey anti-fog really
out of out of PBR cans yeah you know at
their wedding but they're young they're
young people fuck oh fuck you
dickweed throw bombs at me like a
dickhead they're younger they're younger
I mean not much younger but they're
younger people so you gotta give them no
no younger people don't know any better
no no no excuse that's trashy and that
will be a stain on their wedding the
rest of their life mail breaker hey you
quit that right away I'm gonna cake
shaped like the Sandler cup that might
be cute
yeah but PBR can he be our chance I'm
sorry June anyone says Jack that thing
in your left hand as a shield yeah I
mean I've been using it that's how you
that's how you have to and I got a sword
I got a Ford to use instead of my club
okay I check the stats of any such
oh here we go so not as well I think it
swings faster but it doesn't do as much
damage but not you know not terribly
less damage we'll give the floor to try
we will give the floor to try but uh oh
you know whose wedding I was at
yesterday what the person who is doing
the majority of the score for space cop
oh he's still stupid for gonna fucking
Stanley Cup appearances wedding no
they're young you say that like it's an
excuse they're young doesn't that's when
you tell them you know you're young I
just want you to know that you're going
to regret this for the rest of your
marriage you might actually have to get
divorced yes we race this from your past
that's what you tell them I don't think
this is their young and you care now
like PPR cans I'll glue it together and
I think they had like an aluminum all
the way fucking back here damn it
okay I'd like a little aluminum foil
thing on top it was pretty mean you know
their hockey fans here's the thing I
like I begrudge them just being hockey
fans and so the fact that was made out
of PBR was no big deal to me sounds like
really hockey fans I get I mean I guess
that's any sport oh so just any sport
just a nice boy okay I'm going down here
nope I wanted to give it a try figured
I've just died it doesn't fucking matter
damn it
I'm sure there's nothing wrong with
hockey any sport that you're into
congratulations you know I don't really
care for soccer
no even soccer okay bye do what you do
I'm just not into it I'm just not into
it but you know I also watch people play
video games on the internet so it's just
Oh fucking oh my god rich I'm dumb you
haven't been picking up your muscles I
have been but then I just killed myself
going down that pit ah so I didn't pick
up those muscles that's fine it's fine
many times no I'm sure someone on the
chats keeping track what's the jack
death count not many
not many I don't think really you
dickheads are coming in here if they
follow come here
repost the shit out of you nope nope
nope you know what or I'll run away how
about that
Milwaukee needs a team aren't the teams
that Milwaukee has aren't they aren't
they sad enough
oh I mean what does Milwaukee have the
Brewers and the Bucks yep Wow
so bad you have to root for Green Bay
and they play like four hours away right
that's your football team Jack they play
four hours away I'm do nothing my
football team how know it is
we're taking this serious again I was
fucking around for a little bit because
I died and I felt bad about that but we
are back to taking this shit seriously
okay
these people are judging you based on
your play I know they're I know they are
just come on Jack death count is six
okay that's not bad I'll take six oh six
pronouncing riposte over in the past
repose a is how I was pronouncing it
first of all repast
repo stuff is Milwaukee worth visiting
probably just asking this from say bingo
no people have forgot about that so
probably not I'm gonna say no uh you
know Summerfest is coming up if you live
by any other major city no sure I mean
if you're close enough to go to
Milwaukee you can just go to Chicago
yeah that's true by the way but if you
are a music fan
Summerfest is coming up which is the
world's largest music festival enough
you know you get to see hundreds of
bands and I I don't much care for it
because it's large groups of people in
the Sun and those are two things that I
don't much care for but I know many many
music lovers get a big kick out of
Summerfest so if you are a music lover
this Dahmer's apartment still there I do
believe they tore it down but you can
still visit the hardware store where he
bought his equipment can you yeah
how do you know that that's creepy
because we were driving by and Jay
pointed it out okay I could see Jay
having that yeah I think we had to stop
and get something sure the studio every
dollar went to buy all of his creepy
Jeffrey Dahmer stuff yep I believe that
for a dollar
I'm not here
don't fall down the pit don't fit a n
and I didn't fall down the pit get up
get up so I can pummel you with my club
I love the fact that I get a club these
are my favorite kind of weapons in any
games is just a big dumb slow club that
doesn't shock me in any way shape or
form I know I like weapon that's precise
relegates right though right right I
just like the big thing that smashes
oopsie yeah I walked into a fire give me
the thing that's me ashes
do I miss Chicago hey you know what I
never got downtown that much anyway I
mean I've lived in the suburbs and if I
ever do want to go downtown I mean a
couple hours away but yeah you're still
relatively close to the Chicago like
iffy if the Blackhawks win I'll probably
go meet Aaron downtown for free
they'd be a parade yeah if they win sure
oh yeah
that means they've been a great endeavor
time than 100 great oh they've won
before yes cool also if it goes the game
seven Wednesday I'm canceling the stream
well if the parade is Wednesday yeah I'm
not gonna be there it will be a Jackson
low Street is why you're likely one way
or the other Wednesday might be a
Jackson stop yes that's perfectly
understandable rich perfectly
understandable that's your thing the
sports what what a super big sports fan
I'm really not but can someone in the
chat tell me what sold remains are in my
inventory here soul remains thank you
now you like to hockey that's fine you
fired throwing mother fucking dick
fucking hate you sorry it's okay see
there is like a I see that there's like
a door I can open from the other side
you know like like in blood-borne I
could like open up easier pathways I
haven't missed it yet but I'm I was
rushing for a little bit and now I'm
back to taking my time take my time
gonna be cool I know there's a dude up
here did another fire throw on dude I'm
sure soul remains equal ghost poop no
but it's in my inventory design this one
somebody said okay if you throw solar
bands on the ground enemies will go to
investigate them oh okay
that's cool
