Invisible Pun (Part 1)
July 1, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tXgFyiZAcAI

fuckin fuck everything fuck me fuck my
life fuck you fuck everything okay I was
gonna it's kind of in the mood for
actually more Batman let's go play
arkham origins but stream doesn't want
us to OBS doesn't want a stream it no
video so fuck it we're going we wrong
with invisible ink dong don't lay thank
you for subscribing
we really appreciate her actually I know
that I'm thinking about I'm just forgot
to put up that very important program
that records the names of the people who
subscribe don't want to miss out on
that's sitting that up and now that's
running so I won't miss anybody
good good
my back is doing slightly better I'd say
I am feeling 65% better
I still can't sit down them so I'm
actually playing this game on the floor
I'm lying down on the floor to play this
game because I sitting down hurts all
right I'm going with just going with
experience fuck it start in the game
fucking fuck everything the main server
like house its own and get out no
detours Wow right proceeding to target
insertion was clean alarm level holding
steady we need to get to the third floor
we can make our way to the server room
from there any chatter on the comms
I should have detected us by now
there are few get out get out of there
HQ problem I'm going to need an
extraction
I've got incognito Capital International
are on their way and get to the roots
are covered
go deca how long til extraction 30
seconds
get us out of here we've got work to do
all right you know I like to enjoy my
cutscenes that's just the way I roll
also a Michael 87 why why would I make
comments about Canadians in their
godless ways when I'm myself and godless
wouldn't make any sense
all right no I got a bunch of different
people unlocked here but as far as your
starting agents go I mean internationnal
is really good but I gotta go with the
Fedora purely cosmetic but I gotta go
with the fedora and international her
powers tickets I just start with the
default agents stupid baby but I don't
give a shit is this game still hard oh
fuck yes this game is still hard I
I have not beaten this game yet and Jack
will be calling in he's got to put the
kids away you know you know how that
works you know how that works he'll be
he'll be here around 8:30 ish and yes we
did finish Arkham Knight we actually
filmed our review for it yesterday and I
guess we'll have that up as soon as
possible as far as what I thought of it
it's worth it for the story but the tank
kind of sucks and they ruined the
predator sections and because tank is
now 70% of the game there's not as much
fighting as I would like you know so you
don't get the hand-to-hand stuff nearly
as much
if that happens we may as well just
crash this thing into the ocean you've
never seen the inside of a corporate
deprogramming chamber I won't see the
inside of another incognito scanning for
targets of opportunity where we can
replenish our supplies follow her leads
and gather what resources you can I'll
run through our contacts and see what
favours I can call in we're going to
need all of the advantages we can find
in the coming days a space vagrant
doesn't isn't that what you do you put
kids away I mean it you shove them in
like a closet or something I mean what
do you what do you do when you're sick
of them I don't I don't have kids I just
assumed there's like a cabinet but I
like a lot because you know I don't know
think they're good at getting into
things you want to lock them in I don't
I don't know kids oh I didn't want to go
with those programs though but oh well
that was foolish but interesting
information Executive Complex here get
in find the computer and steal their
contact list then we'll have our pick of
future targets
so we stream this before but it was the
the earlier version of the game if
you're not familiar with this this is
kind of term turn-based stealth it's
like it's like X come only you're trying
to not shoot things and yes I wasn't
angry that episode that last best of the
worst just went up I have my back
horrible pain that's what was going on
that's that's my world now it's the
world in which I live and it's awful I'm
great
I just know somebody's gonna cry and
walk through that door that's that's
gonna happen isn't it that's just it's
just gonna happen well we'll see I
forgotten what I click for the next turn
how was that oh there we go my knees in
the way because I'm lying down on the
floor
all right he did not walk in this room
that is good but I can definitely hear
there's a guy out there
which way are you going you going
straights oh you're going straight all
right I'm gonna get your shit
yeah nothing else I gonna hide against
some stay there
nope
how well we'll be safe there see you
know he's gonna walk back to where he
was he's doing his patrol so we're safe
we're safe against this wall I guess
I'll take that power
take a risk
take a risk
Oh Emma I can't afford to buy anything
yet why am I even hiding here
that's stupid I'm stupid why am i stupid
now the question is if I open this door
this is the schmuck gonna hear it dick
Jess took a chance he didn't hear it he
didn't hear it we're good
you're going down there all right what
you got when you got in the store kill
him gun and the thing that I can't
afford anyway are you barely afford it
but I don't want it yet because I don't
really have a good gun or mo or anything
and that's fine fine what we got with
fine everything's fine you hear you hear
no game audio is there no game audio
because there should be game audio
there's no good reason why there
shouldn't be game audio yes this is
finally this is finally out of early
access this is this is the complete game
right now and like the difficulty what
they did that I love and Jack doesn't
care about because jack is weird is
fully customizable difficulty options
like if you want to nerf the alarm a bit
or make the alarm really hard you can do
that if you want more or less enemies
you can do that you want you know more
enemies the use your alarm system you
can do that it's great fully
customizable difficulty options I I'm
gonna love playing around with that shit
why would the gameplay audio be
incredibly low it just shouldn't be low
I mean that's thing that shouldn't be
happening
is that better oh now where are my
agents now center we had an agent where
my agent said god damn it God did let's
go why am I stuck a tactical view well
that's that's obnoxious I must have hit
a key or all tabbing didn't like all
tabbing am I stuck in tactical whew
ah son of a bitch how do I turn that off
turn off tactical view I hate you oh
good I did that thing I wanted to do oh
I didn't end the turn that was stupid
oh I'm level one already go come on
hasn't been that long safes we are gonna
need some power though we are definitely
gonna need some power and Decker's got
nowhere to go
that's not ideal
all right that works
you just hang out in that corner do you
frequently just walk to your face
against walls hey hey I'm not judging
it's fine it's fine dude
all right what we got well we got mr.
line let's take a peep this
oh the master 20,000 you have to finish
mark of the ninja marking the ninja is a
fucking great game and well stream it
one of these days that will definitely
happen I have a lot of love for mark
with a ninja play clay knows stealth
they've made 2d stealth work and work
well and now they've made turn-based
stealth work and they've made it work
work well hey they really understand
stealth where can you hide at works
got a camera I'm assuming that's a
camera that's a camera there it is
all right enter rich what do you think
the most interesting dinosaur is
everywhere everyone thinks it's the
t-rex because it's a big monster people
like big monsters they're all
interesting these these weird-ass large
animals that will never get to see what
they actually look like
and I'm taking my time before I know
this thing here right here that says
executive access terminal that's my
objective I'm holding off on taking it
to explore a little because I know once
I get what I need the guards are gonna
change up their patrol routes so I'm
kind of feeling my way around otherwise
first actually I probably got to bring
Decker down first and then I'm gonna let
Internationl grab the goods I will
probably love Dishonored
I played it a little bit like years ago
pick on my old computer I never finished
it because my old computer was shit and
I was getting like 20 frames per second
which was you know unacceptable
unacceptable but I'm sure now that I got
this computer I'll get around to it
eventually games games keep coming up
mmm-hmm
it's gotta be another guard around here
somewhere I'm not flying uneasy I've
only seen about two guards one guard the
two I've seen two areas there that
fucker is all right Decca you're going
over here and Internationl you go
I'm here so I don't I don't know where
the guards are gonna go now
all right
oh good we have the elevator but I
probably want to explore more first get
everything get everything you can take
it all why not why the hell not god damn
it I know you people love the sea our
adventure games look ideally I I will
have us get around to all of the classic
ones because I grew up with those games
and I love them but but it's gonna be a
while it's gonna be a while before we
get around to all of them
want that safe I want it where the hell
is that oh damn it I can't see the
there's gotta be a camera there it is
the corner I couldn't look around of
course of course all right
I think Internationale we're just gonna
have her wait wait by the elevator no
need to get insane oh wait I forgot to
grab I'll get on a motorbike yeah just a
kiss
where is the computer screen oh fuck
I just know there's gonna be nothing
here - I'm doing this all for Jack shit
oh is that an empty room all right all
right this is what is is
empty room it's okay
oh this is probably a mistake I'm
exposed I'm not I'm not undercover of
that corner now that's gonna be a huge
mistake hopefully if nobody comes
through that door this way I'll be fine
all right if I run can I get through
that door in time I can we're running
perfect nobody even heard that sweet
sweet ash it's what that is to the
Batmobile
yeah keep it open fuck it fuck it it's
fine
what designer has a over powered stealth
mechanic that the teleporting yeah they
they have to make if they have to make
stealth games dumb down for dumb people
that's something that just happens a lot
I mean look at the new Batman game were
they fucking ruin the predator sections
but if I think the teleporting is too
easy
maybe I'll just maybe I'll just ignore
it they really they're really interested
in what's going on but bye bye that
bench I mean that's really got
everyone's attention do they find like a
used condom or something and they're all
just talking about it look fucking
around in here man how do they ruin the
stealth sections in the new Batman
they're they're comically easy in the
new one
between the fear take down and the the
no heart alarm and the the larger
sprawling maps were the enemies are all
just spread out and and comically easy
to pick off one by one the fact that
that most of the enemies are just basic
guys you could take down they don't
really have anyone with armor they don't
have anyone that that scans the
gargoyles the stealth and park of knight
fucking blows chunks they went for
quicker and easier rather than
challenging and satisfying
right anarchy wanted some must upgrade
for everyone but I want to hold on to
some money in case I find a good Nanofab
or whatever they want to call them it's
basically a shop Thank You monster if we
find their central server we may be able
to bring them down or at least distract
them long enough that they lose our
trail continue scavenging operations and
I'll keep you posted as more intel
develops as far as what has changed in
this version of invisible ink I gotta be
honest with you it's been been long
enough I I don't know if I can even all
remember what the earlier version was
like
they're all 12 hours away all right
I basically make you burn your first
date with two missions that's kind of
awful
they put mines on the vantage points and
thermite and the grades yeah and the
other games they they tried to take out
actually oh wait I didn't see one mine
on one vantage point in Arkham Knight
but then again I do avoid using them
because I like challenging myself as far
as the thermite and the greats who gives
a fuck you know how often they caught me
with that trick
zero times plus the grates are
everywhere they burn one little section
who the fuck cares just run to the other
end of the map in the grade it's
worthless that's not a that's not a
challenge fuck it fuck them and in in a
freedom of a city or orange origins are
probably both they used to start to
start shooting down the vantage points
so I mean that's hardly a change that is
it
I want you fuck their season pass
bullshit 40 bucks for that yeah Jack's
coming later nine probably probably in
ten or twenty minutes really
do I play the Arkham games uncharred
and hard well I mean you know me my
preferred way of challenging myself in a
game is trying to do a no death run
which honestly I've never successfully
pulled off with any of the Arkham games
yet I've come close an asylum but that's
that's usually how I challenge myself
yeah we'll take that oh my god I might
need that power later but what's done is
done
are you door down there I don't think so
the just can somebody watch through
there
they have that guy that can find you if
you have detective vision on too long
just like that guy on the other games
who would scramble your detective vision
it's not like you exactly need to use
detective vision more than a second or
two at a time anyway as far as how I
like to play those stealth sections they
made everything easier for me a lot
easier I I hated all of the stealth and
Arkham Knight well I think Rocksteady is
going to next a hinted at Superman game
or Justice League I I don't know and if
they do a Superman game it's gonna have
to be a largely different style I don't
see you know the Batman predator in
combat working for Superman I have no
idea what they're gonna do next to me
it's kind of kind of pointless to
speculate really
um oh yeah I'll take that
now no armour-piercing if I could fuck
it
and oh you're not worth it you got a
plan for the later stages and if
something doesn't have armor-piercing
it's worthless they might they might
just do another Batman game because
they've for better or worse they've
blatantly lied about what they're doing
in the past so anything goes
power consoles yes yes I will have those
anything in them well first safe yeah
there's a room oh and I didn't close the
fucking door back there that's fine
that's fine
surprisingly low amount of guards
roaming around for a detention center
talk about evolution or or science or
stuff um what do you what do you want to
talk about with evolution or science or
stuff I could just say heat death again
four or five times was that is that
satisfying he death he doesn't the
universe that's the thing that's gonna
happen I found a safe all that's in
there say oh no there's a door found a
door to a door to a room with another
safe just fine because hey safe
I'll talk about plenty more on jax-ur
I'm kind of I'm you know I'll have
somebody to talk to them what's what's
my opinion under Richard Dawkins I I
prefer pigeons but he's fine
it's all fine stationery fuck you
all right I think first I want to go for
that safe down there then we'll see if
we could find our way around that
stationary cocksucker and please find
find a dead end or something's oh no you
found something even better but I may
need dicker to get through there with a
cloak baby steps baby steps
what's what's the point of the zig zag
hallway you think I a dota so the
building layout is kind of stupid well I
mean it's worth it for something
procedurally generated that isn't the
same every time I mean pick your poison
two cameras on and rooms I'm never gonna
go back to I don't need to hack those
there is a lovely safe for me to hack
though
minimality funny all right
how are you getting through this
they're stealth way through here or am I
going to have to take that fucker out
they would be an incredible asset if you
can get them back on the team
all right
investigating area
see if we get everyone around head doubt
it I'd like to not have to knock that
guy out but let's see if I can find an
elevator without getting caught
shit
shit
oh wait can she
No
what the fuck oh my god that what the
fuck that was very loud my ears
very loud my ears oh my god now you're
all gonna do it because it's very loud
my arse and fuck you if you do
a lot of points all right see how my
ladies fare it's gonna have to be
knocked out no way around it no way
around it that sucks yeah
we found the elevator do I need a
security door key no I really don't I
really don't do I want to knock the sky
out that's the question fuck it you're
fine
all right he's still in overwatch yet
all right you fucker you fucker
oh it's just safe we missed oh fuck
wait no that's a camera I thought that
was a thing it is safe
question is there anything good behind
here or she's just random stuff I don't
think it's worth risking at this point
we're just we're just getting the fuck
out of here
no one no one to cut your losses no one
to run of course you did of course you
did
hi
decker to the rescue all right so this
guy's gonna go and investigate them but
I'm gonna have deck here waiting to take
him out so I get four sprinting
unless you guys hide and time now you
cannot
all right
nobody wanna go there that was a mistake
that was uh that was a goof that was a
fuckin goof alright we'll take him out
too well just fuckin take everybody out
fuck it fuck it anything goes anything
goes
I'm only gonna at least find out what's
in this room now my money is on nothing
house another door to the exit yeah
alright I'll take it
oh of course of course it wouldn't be
any other way
heaven oh you know what maybe Jack has
tried to get in and I have what the fuck
I have a thing turned off that shouldn't
be turned off
I don't remember closing mumble but
apparently it was closed what's so weird
connected
I'll be right back take it off taking a
short break here
you
now we'll see if anybody else can write
so what's up what's up yeah and you know
nothing I've been I've been cleaning out
my office I did yeah
which I know is terribly exciting to
everyone and my Game Capture thing here
doesn't it was just weird when I came
here you were you ended like blue
you had the bars oh that should fix it
anyway
so it's it's back fucking it's back I
gotta move it lower
how do I do that again oh my god oh my
god I forgot how to do that do you just
drag this shit no hi everybody welcome
welcome welcome
more hangs more frauds all the things so
employed played invisible ink I was
going to play Batman but OBS refuses to
stream it there's no video really no
that's weird
really it's a weird thing yeah Jack
handle the shit out of those
responsibilities what responsibilities
did I handle I have no idea what anybody
is talking about with that uh Elvis
Elvis says my audio should be turned up
a little bit I don't know if that's true
or not let me listen to the stream for a
second yeah
well I think I found out all right
button well here's here's me her to me
here's me I could turn me down easy
okay you're all the way off he'd be fine
then it's not it great when I tested
this earlier oh yeah no it's not oh yeah
my kids I put my kids to sleep that's
true that's what my responsibilities
were oh yeah I said you had to put them
away they went to the farm they went to
the farm where they could play all day
yeah well I said you put them in the
cabinet that's that's where you keep
using them right you put them in like a
pebble okay Vic I guess they're young
they would fit hmm yeah audio is all
fine
audio is all time I'm gonna say it was
all fine but it's all it's all fine then
play armored Batman Gotham tank corps I
did not bring the ps4 and you just can't
get the PC plus right now played played
this shit out of that side whoo right
now if I wanted to I think I'm just I'm
you know because we spent the past week
just furiously playing that game I don't
know if I could play it if I wanted to
it I have the episode to edit as well so
which is what I'm doing right now by the
way which is why I'm not in studio with
rich is because I'm editing the pre
record
how's it how's it coming along I know we
talked a lot or in 45 minutes right yeah
was it 40 45 minutes Wow and usually
like usually rich and I will talk for
like 45 50 minutes maybe an hour right
but but we had a lot to say about Batman
Batman Arkham Knight I'm gonna open my
mixer and I'm gonna see if I could still
sing I'm quiet yeah okay I'm talking
jack jack is so smooth he could be a
jazz radio DJ I'd like to think so
the only problem is you're really loud I
don't I don't know what to tell you rich
great great all right I don't know I
don't know if that helps I uh yeah Elvis
says that sounds great so you want all
that everything everything you ever
wanted it's like the end of angley's
Hulk you want it you can have it there's
too many good missions to pick from here
jack I got a vault I got some Ottomans I
yes in my playthrough of Arkham Knight
the bad guys did put motion-sensing
mines like up on the vantage points and
stuff
I never see I never on the vantage
points because I never abused the video
yeah hang out on the gargoyles
eventually they'll start throwing motion
grenades up there and of course I look
as somebody who never use the gargoyles
anyway the stealth shows comically easy
especially with that multiphone we just
instantly kill five guys you did it
I don't know these five guys are really
a problem
look at that thing you did fuck you
right right I've noticed that about your
age I've noticed that about you and I
know I also noticed that rather early
this morning the new best of the worst
went up and so that's exciting huh
I guess pee jokes you know a loss of
Technicolor a lot of people didn't like
angley's Hulk movie I liked it a lot it
had a ton of cheesy elements but I I
liked a lot of it
the ending was very like artistic and
abstract and he insisted on this like
comic book style panel for editing thing
but overall I liked it why would you
care about the mining the gargoyles well
now the new expanded floor grates make
it even easier to get are we back on
arkham knight i am i am because i really
really hate in sections i know you did
and i'm sorry I apologize on behalf of
Arkham Knight you don't apologize and
off jacket you don't apologize enough
both both rich and I did beat the game
so yes we did get to the part where you
have to press X to pay respects to your
dead parents but more importantly you
get to the part where you press X to
even the odds which is or you press
press X to initiate The Killing Joke I
hate for one control oh no for
everything get it back get a little
happy back get a little elisabeth
hasselback like the game counting
backwards i mean the story carried the
game yeah well i wanted you to say it
correctly yes that's that's affirmed by
the way even though I'm not a I'm not a
big story guy I 100% agree with you the
the game or the story in the game made
me want to play it more than anything
so congratulations Arkham Knight you've
converted me
no I'm gonna be horribly disappointed by
the next story game I play I think of
the identity of the arkham knight most
obvious thing in the world they could
have dumped yeah for anyone who's here
when i was playing and we were watching
all of the when we were watching it and
and i called it right at that moment oh
you know like I'm not gonna spoil
anything right now for anyone who
doesn't want a spoiler but the most
obvious thing if you're even halfway
paying attention to the story it's it's
dumb rich what did you say
it's so obvious they they should about a
mystery right I would have been fine if
they just didn't bother teasing it I'm
trying to remember how you put it rich
they because it's a bit too you said you
said it's not a great story but it's
it's a it's a oh but it's told on that
is the most precise way you can put
Batman Arkham Knight where like the
story is a little cheesy a little
hackneyed but it's told so well and and
it's really true the pacing of it the
delivery of this kind of bad story is
worth it
see that would make it interesting what
if the arc of night was Barbara Gordon
all along that would have been shocking
you know no they use Barbara Gordon so
well in that game shined all of the
characters all of the characters were
wonderfully fleshed out oh my lord rich
I think a plane is crashing into the
studio do you fry hello you have the
windows open okay yeah okay okay I'm
doing I'm doing all of the non audio
editing for for both prereq and I had a
big long shoot today it's like I'm doing
all of the busy work I can while I'm
talking to you guys and so like right
now I'm just organizing all the footage
and synchronizing and doing all that
sort of fun stuff so I can get editing
this toot sweet
I have leftover beefcake I am not
planning on seeing Terminator Genisys
why would you I talked I was at the
studio today to drop off my camera and I
was talking with Jay about it and he had
the biggest smile on his face and his
and he's like guess what I saw he was so
happy yes yeah he was added because it
was so awful
Casper elaborate on your question does
it help if you export to a different
hard drive I don't understand the
question absolutely absolutely
dad helps right now I'm actually
importing all of the footage like like I
ingested all the footage but now I'm
importing it all into into premiere and
organizing my folder structure the the
folder structure of both my project file
and my premiere bins are very important
to me organizing those little things is
incredibly tedious but very important if
you want to edit things quickly
if I have the original videos on one
harddrive and I'm editing in the other
and and I'm exporting to another hard
drive is it faster than using one hard
drive anything exporting to another hat
yeah yeah that would be faster depending
really depending on your connection like
if you have a USB 3 or thunderbolt
connection to one hard drive it
shouldn't really matter like you
shouldn't clog up but you know you have
to understand how many kilobits per
second are traveling each way so it
could get clogged up but if you're using
two hard drives yes it should go
slightly faster but I think it's an
all-or-nothing thing I just think maybe
wouldn't work at all if you were sending
too much information
oh yeah and is there oh there's a camera
in there too that's the worst
I wish you sent back Decker that way and
international that's the brakes them's
the breaks
octo G you are correct it also the other
thing that will make a difference is the
read/write speed of your hard drive and
so if it's like a solid-state external
hard drive there shouldn't be a problem
but most hard drives are still spinning
and so you need to make sure that your
read/write rate is fast enough to handle
that information so yeah I mean it's
it's better to work on two separate hard
drives do you have a leftover beefcakes
thing running okay great I got your new
version we have a version 1.5 that oh oh
really that's where we left off the
Thank You list yes oh sweet right riser
G I don't think the binding of issac on
ps4 was ever broken oh shit my name is
Dalton I don't know that much about
computers but I have had to learn about
transfer speed of data because I had it
and use it so many times so I know a
little bit Jack when your audio is
almost a full second ahead of rich
oh yeah probably is we we have come up
with a way of fixing this and this there
will be a fix implemented next time I'm
in the studio
but for now I'm gonna be I'm gonna be in
front of rich because in order to change
that we'd have to stop the stream and
start it again so maybe like an hour
into the stream well we'll stop the
stream and start it over again and
change it oh my so many cameras yeah you
shouldn't find an issue with your ps4
binding of issac I had an issue with the
cloud save and so what I actually had to
do is I stopped using the in-game cloud
save and I used the the PS plus cloud
save and then I would upload to the PS
plus one and download to the PS plus one
so yes what the fuck
indeed I could echo Jack was really
weird
it wasn't terrible and listening to the
Karin echo stream when I was cutting him
up for YouTube it you know like it's so
obvious
only because I'm the only one with the
echo but it wasn't even an echo who's
more like reverb which is why I loved
singing the Monster Mash these two safes
are just not worth it it's just not
worth it Jack I'm getting out of here
I'm getting I'm getting the brain agent
behind
Aereo oh I don't really have anywhere
else to go do i oh god I'm so far I'm
very sorry so fired maybe maybe maybe
baby I was rich what are your feelings
on Buddy Holly great I don't have them
he is dead he's dead I guess I don't
have like too many strong feelings of
Buddy Holly either he had some he had
some nice songs some very interesting
songs the man used a glockenspiel so
much power this snaps socks fuck this
game why is this game as hard as this
why is it as hard as it is I don't know
yes because it's a good game it is but
it's a to hard good game well I you know
I haven't been playing it that much I
since as you know rich but the chat
doesn't know because we lost all the
audio to that episode I I haven't been
playing it much since the full release
because I'm less excited about it now
you care about height for some reason I
don't I don't understand don't
understand it's not like I care about
hype but hype helps because because
excitement helps you know like being
excited about something affects the way
you feel about it
oh yeah what difficulty are you on
I know I could set things a lot easier i
love the adjustable difficult to do
right now i'm just playing on expert
okay so this is like hard and not mega
hard there's there's there's like normal
/ easy or whatever you want to call it
and there's experienced a beginner
experienced and like experienced plus
there's something weird oh well there
you go
fruit pie magician i think the rich and
i are are not playing demon souls right
now
I enjoyed Demon Souls a lot I can it was
nice seeing like where blood-borne came
from but I'm not playing it I did
finally beat blood-borne it made me feel
good that the ending was a little
anticlimactic but that game is all about
the journey anyway so I I feel good I I
feel like I don't need to go to New
Game+ but I want to go to New Game+ I
feel like I need a lot more fucking
powers okay I'm sorry sucks
blows
I got there's like 13 billion things to
hack and I got home power to hack any of
them because I accidentally started with
the upgrades I didn't want to start with
baby programs and now I can't rejection
oh for pi magician I was stuck on that
giant moon monster for a while the giant
moon monster the the thing that always
killed me was I'd be in there fighting
the guy and he'd puke all over me and
then he'd puke all over the floor
what ending did I get are there multiple
endings oh god oh no
maybe it was I tried now I tried really
hard not to look like into the game
because I wanted to experience it myself
so see where that gets you well I mean I
still am happy with blood-borne it's
still you know I probably wouldn't be
happy I'd probably be really upset that
I didn't get like a good ending cuz I
probably didn't get the good ending I
don't I don't I haven't seen them all in
my own eyes I don't know one good ending
was just different so that must be the
best ending there's just three different
endings okay well listen I need some
security consoles
so badly do you have um that like leach
did you get the leech thing here no no
no I guess I just started too quick I
started with the ones you start with the
lockpick which is crap and the power
drip which is also crap so I have no I'm
sorry yeah then you know what they're
both there I know that's probably what
I'm gonna do I'll just watch the other
endings on YouTube that's what I always
do and I you know what never regret
sometimes like I'm glad I didn't see
like the ending or I didn't know
anything about the ending when I got
there so I'm happy about that but yeah
I'll probably just look up the other
endings on YouTube oh that's right I I
met the Canadians I was so happy I
finally met the Canadians and spent some
time with them and it was a really good
time as you all know because I was on
best of the worst with Colin so there's
no longer bad blood between me and the
Canadians
except for apparently Colin is a
horrible racist some no is not settled
that was the Joker Joe I think people
get did that was the joke are dumb
because there's certainly not a racist
and that was the joke what's so funny
about that Jack because he's obviously
not a racist that the humor is I don't
know listen I don't get it it was it was
jokes we made in the moment they seemed
funny at the time but they won't they're
never there never if I am you baby you
make me sick it's true I make a lot of
people sick I got no way to get more
power this is awful um we I ate
doughnuts rich it both rich and I did
not 100% complete Arkham Knight I did
100% to every side mission except for
the Riddler puzzles I don't have the
patience to collect all the rivers that
nobody should I cried I tried like but
it got way too tedious but I did 100%
every other side mission and I was
really happy with some of them but rich
and I just watched the ending on YouTube
so we could talk about it
but you know what you'll see it in the
review I'm I'm listening to make sure
all the audio is synced up right now
looks great it looks very rich hour and
forty five nines sweet that's right I
got the Buster ship that's a good that
sounds like a slog what sounds like a
slog Elvis Elvis yeah the Riddler
there's too many how many was it like
it's almost 342 243 I think the first
one had 200 that was also too much but
II was just finding the trophies and you
had to have to do some stupid
complicated puzzle ship before you got
it and then like I I got about like 60
puzzles done and I that was enough for
me I couldn't do any more except the
echo what I go
yeah yeah yeah no I have a slight echo
now that's weird so the audio is just
barely getting worse for no good reason
I think they're hearing me before
they're not here they're hearing me
before you because you have I'm I'm
hearing me yeah I'm hearing my
adventures too but they're also hearing
you on a delay compared to me because
you delay your own microphone to sync up
with the game audio and so because my
audio is coming through the same channel
as the game audio you are delayed to
both of us so no no Jack no I didn't put
the the vault access card oh fuck
mission just get out of there I gotta
make the best out of it oh this is
awesome
two tribes rich is not coming through my
speakers into my mic I am wearing
earbuds
it is a promise my problem is 100%
mumble mumble and rich is wearing canned
headphones I assume yeah I'm sick of
doing tests and having everything sound
great when we do the test and then we do
the stream and everything sounds like
shit I'm gonna really well here's the
fix there is a fix
it's died slowly
it is to die slowly uh part of the fix
is with your audio doing something
similar that I do with my audio which is
running my audio through a whole
separate computer and into the zoom and
that'll get rid of the weird delay I
think as far as the echo is concerned we
have to go back to Skype but right now I
think the audio is fine people say
they're putting up with a slight echo
yeah mumble is not working and we never
quite know why but we're just gonna have
to go back to Skype I think you're right
we need to recruit more pimps and more
pushers I'm very sorry that you mission
isn't working out yeah
this power clip what does power grip do
again yeah one oh yeah that sucks you
need to you need that leech that you can
like put on multiple things that takes
one away every that that can hurt as
much as I can help too though sometimes
you need to hack so how is your I
suppose but that fusion that that gives
you like three points a turn three
powers whatever give a shit TG Phoenix
we we started using mumble mumble was
suggested to us for better audio quality
and I do think like mine on echo voice I
think sounds better than if we were
through Skype Skype oh it sounds like a
phone call a bit and so we want mumble
to work because the audio quality is
better metal better yeah but it's just
not going to because we get this echo
every time what do you know what I hate
in the world everything I'm tired
everything in the world
no problem Phoenix I'm like I try to
explain why we make the decisions we
make they don't always work they usually
don't work but as Cameron Mitchell
redeemed himself Cameron Mitchell has
passed away it's really tough because we
had a streak of Cameron we like we found
the butter zone of Cameron Mitchell
which was like after he hit rock bottom
but before he died like and before he
was like too old where you know the
first movies we saw him in word terror
in Beverly Hills and knife dick what was
a knife dick not humming the one where
the guy you know the the guy the Rambo
he's in the forest taken and he has to
defend himself against the militia
deadly prey Oh deadly deadly prey and
tear in Beverly Hills were some of the
first Cameron Mitchell movies we saw
with you know Tara Beverly Hills has
closed the fucking doors and Deadly Prey
is Cameron Mitchell's brilliant
I've been down there I've been down
there there ain't no music down there
with the pimps and the pushes those are
two brilliant Cameron Mitchell
performances and what we're learning is
those might have been the best Cameron
Mitchell performances yeah yep so now
we're catching all of the other stuff
because him to him in low blow I mean
it's more funny for him just big drunken
emotional rather than his performance
being amazingly funny exactly exactly
well thank you bland up face 55 we're
glad you enjoy our content so in in my
opinion the more Cameron Mitchell we see
the more disappointed we are but this
was still pretty good Cameron Mitchell
only because like what rich said he was
he was done he was literally uh he could
sack in that movie in low blob and it
would have had the same effect Oh
low blow I'm so excited movie dicks he's
watching low blow after the stream
tonight rich nice stick around after the
stream watch a low blow with the Chad
you need to see low it's great it's
great if I'm still awake I'll watch a
little bit I'm I can't recommend like
that and Lady Terminator especially like
if you know anything about editing watch
Lady Terminator and try to figure it out
it's great
no look low blow
won't be streamed live through the
channel what happens is the some of the
moderators give a link to stream the
movie and we all kind of synchronize the
start time and then in chat talk about
it
no if you just stick around the chat
after this dream they'll give you the
directions like where to watch the movie
and when to put when to press play it's
good times what am i doing now all
thanks for absolutely no no I'm working
I can't die right now rich I'm working
you can always that's always an Astra
unfortunate if I am dot if I died at
this exact moment cuz I'm getting some
work done Hey ordell excellent that's
that step that's death there's nothing
you can do everybody poops if you're not
doing one you're probably doing
everybody does especially you wait a
minute I don't remember that part what
I'm doing now is copying all of my sound
effects into my editing folder I have a
special editing folder for every project
the every project gets its own folder
and in that folder all of the assets
have their own folder audio-video
project files Premiere After Effects of
it if if anyone is an editor look into
look into an application called post
haste it automatically generates folder
structures that are exactly the same so
you can keep your projects exactly the
same
no matter what you can even create
template editors you know like you can
create template projects in final cut or
premiere and it's great I use it all the
time and it's free it's a free
application for editors and post
production workers post haste I'm gonna
die like all of your characters are
gonna back yeah they're not a bad
situation they're surrounded there in
one room I mean I want you to do like
anything the new Mad Max name doesn't
come out until September oh we're doing
something else fuck this fuck this game
I like this I love this game but fuck
this game fuck this mission I'm very
sorry
no I like I like it when you have a good
time it is posthaste Mac only I didn't
know that oh well sorry for your PC user
I didn't I thought they were both that's
what posthaste which is a file and
folder generation application that I use
for editing apparently is Mac only okay
yeah shit happens
yeah that's that's double true but it's
it's a great program if you have a Mac
apparently oh no it's it's Windows seven
or eight to system requirement is Mac OS
X or Windows 7 or 8 with dotnet I don't
know what that means
but it is both
ah you got nothing else I don't know no
I don't got nothing Jack oh my I don't I
don't know what to tell I can't I don't
know they're saying you should play
missed can I stab myself in the ball I
don't daddy you would want to do that
well miss given the option okay XCOM I'm
seeing a bunch of ex come all right fuck
it play oh they're saying play dotnet
talk about that was it
yes both rich and I have be Batman
Arkham Knight we did not 100% it but I
very proudly 100% at all of the side
missions except for the Riddler ones
here's something I'm just curious about
why is everybody always so concerned
with whether or not we've beaten a game
why is that it so important well
especially a game that we're reviewing I
think I think some games that were
reviewing it's more important to be than
others but you know because Batman
Arkham Knight had such a strong emphasis
on story like you said I it was
important that we see the end of the
story right oh yeah yeah I'll agree
there but I mean every game we play
whether or not we reviewed it or not did
you beat such a such it seems like they
just want to know if we're done with it
how we felt about it
that made that makes sense to me
I can dig on that nah I'd want to know
I'm playing it I'm not a super X combo
but fucking I'm turning it on no you're
not in a Super X can move what kind of
what kind of rich Evans is it oh also
before you start
XCOM do you want to switch over to Skype
dream right listen to the stream tell me
how bad it is it's not terrible it's not
it's not terrible there why is there so
much of the settings we ran off that is
weird um there there is an echo on both
of us it's weird because my echo comes
after me but your echo comes before you
you know it's just gonna be worse we go
to Skype but all we can do it I'll give
a shit you know I think we should do
here's my here's my wild and crazy idea
cut the stream I'll Skype and you should
also remove the lag so that we can hold
a normal conversation without me being
in front of you with the rest of it for
the rest of the chat ghetto sit lord
lowly bail machine 3 to 2 brings knives
to gunfights gilroy mix Punk urban
vermin
my name is Tate the real Quaid
Magnus PU turbo Jesus 5000 buttermilk
biscuits a horrible glory spooky Dookie
and child-bride thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
why don't all of these names sound like
better thoughts robots I don't know
I watched an episode of the new battle
bots oh it's fucking awesome
I guess you remember battle bots
checking gravity central way back one
yeah I know I'm like maybe see I've just
discovered it and it seems more brutal
than ever I don't know if they like
eased up on restrictions what kind of
weapons you can lose on your robot but
there was some destruction going on
that's great okay cut the stream
