Master of Orion 2 & Jack's Crocodile Brain
February 18, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jvfKeAE5Ozk

we'll get is the update extreme title oh
no oh no you've ruined ruined your plans
for world domination can I can I stop
stirring and we can do this again no
don't do that don't do that piss people
off alright that may or may not piss
people off Milan six viewers subscribed
while we were away look at that
Thank You those six viewers thank you
say yours we appreciate it very much
also everyone to welcome everybody
matter of Iran - yeah every one welcome
our new moderator mr. shy smile oh my no
what we didn't we didn't need to start
yet rich we could have we could have
just we could have just I was really I
was really excited we're gonna be all
prepared today but no okay so we're
gonna play Master of Orion - a game I've
never heard of rich is very excited to
have me play that which you know yeah
you're a little bit yeah you're gonna
hate it okay I'm living preset and then
everybody's gonna be very sad oh that's
the order of events yeah I like it
what the fuck are you doing
of your thing
there's a picture it helps it in your
tweet if there's a picture in your tweet
more people look at your tweet did you
know that so the picture is completely
irrelevant to everything pretty well you
know chose what we're streaming with my
AK thank you for subscribing nine months
now I see that name all the time is it
my AK or me AK I want I'm gonna call it
my AK also gutter Punk 13 thank you for
subscribing two months in a row
we appreciate it guys we really do we
really really very much do yeah somebody
the Tuesday strafe dream was was kind of
a last minute thing yesterday strafe
dream just wanted to play it again rich
wanted to talk about being converted to
a non non Mouse inversion a non mouse
and version my inversion has been
inverted straight which is just so weird
right master what is a Ryan as for Ryan
to
what is master what is Orion now
Orion is a constellation Orion's belt
mm-hmm the whole constellation is right
well sure I know about
I know the belt you need to be the
master over I would I would hope I would
hope that I'm working to be the man I
want to start can I start off as the
apprentice of Orion you can you can call
yourself whatever you want okay which is
gonna be there's gonna be all sorts of
learning that's gonna go on
oh no not learning see so then on the
Twitter's see you like you see the
picture like oh what's in that they'll
be recording long shanks one thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
so my welcome got cut a little bit short
but you know we welcome him some of the
mods were telling me you know some of
the mods can't show up all the time and
we don't want anyone single mod to be
overwhelmed so you know we're we're
adding new people and you know we add
people on recommendations from other
mods and yeah so we appreciate you
looking out for the chat mister shy
smile we we bid you good luck you should
use it for good use it for good
it's defined by me
avianna thank you for subscribing every
you know what like we get the what the
fuck not really appreciate our we really
do appreciate it thank you we've really
appreciate it also efficiency level
maximum excellent name excellent name
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it we're getting sporadic
what the fucks is what was my thinking
all right rich is finishing up his lunch
oh I suppose I don't oh yeah that's what
he called it one time so I found it
amusing so that's what I called it
schmuck what boy time thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
also Wilkinson the clown thank you for
subscribing we super appreciate it
no I didn't see any of the new footage
from no man's sky well I mean I would
assume okay so I'm gonna start playing
Master of Orion - now you can select
whatever you want you can click them
there's different ones 5ez average hard
impossible I'm gonna start on impossible
yeah I'm gonna need tutor galaxy sounds
for what we're doing small small galaxy
age a British average is average doesn't
make much sense until I explain the
other two okay click on the other one so
we got organic-rich lots of planets that
can support life and you can grow lots
of food easily okay okay the
mineral-rich one someone obviously
easier to find minerals your industry
will build up faster okay so which one
you want Everett balance between the two
yeah balance okay um five players um how
many a eyes do you wanna fight I mean
small galaxy don't get nuts so four
players maybe three okay I do I do a
small galaxy
I have no idea what I'm about to Yuri
we'll find out you're starting
technology level
free warp average or post worm free warp
just start with sir average average yeah
sometimes it up you start you start with
a thingy colony ship at a scout ship on
average okay I like that on pre-warp you
have to research work drives before you
even get out the space no okay
oh that's a good question can we hunker
down in this game okay do I want any of
these things okay
random events yes and antarean all right
you guys I want to make sure I explain
fully how blind I'm going yeah oh yeah
yeah okay that was my thinking I have
literally never heard of this game it's
great here we go they need to remake it
alright we're now No oh fuck what the
fuck
Coco Phillips 76 thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate race oh
I want to be a sadist name different
races have different stats okay I'm not
gonna tell you them all right some of
them are like research-focused
the humans are diplomacy focused like
the clock ons they're industry focused
or if you're feeling daring you could go
to custom oh my I could be a Cthulhu you
gonna be a Cthulhu monster I could be a
silikal a dude it'd be a rock man they
don't have to worry about food sure but
part of their industry feeds the
population
I could be a cat person ma'am that's
great
you could be a Borg the Boozer Raider
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
don't forget I'm very hesitant to say
this view it and Jays manhole thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
hopefully your Jays manhole you can tell
us where to get all the buff dudes
everyone but Jay appreciate agree I
thought that was a pretty good episode
I'll tell you what um I'm right now I am
I'm debating between being the human or
the sexist at least it was fun
customers fun well I mean you get to
pick your own pluses and minuses but oh
okay like just the show just show you
what it does I used to look what picture
you want to be so you can be any of
these pictures so I'll be the sexy alien
and then oh my god no these mean nothing
to me that's too much that's too much
too much okay that's fine go back go
back
how do you go back I can't go back I
think we're already there fuck there we
go there we go I hate escape jack sure
and magnus pj pew pew bang this pu thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it also could be magnus poo probably
probably okay i mean so for how long is
an average game i mean well we run small
yeah not too long is there possibility
for more than one game so there's a
possibility you will die early cuz
you've never played before but you
aren't playing on tutor um for small
galaxies you probably want something
production focused
she often if your cuz you don't know any
of these things very well
maybe the Saqqara or the clack ons
clacks clack ins the cotton lungs the
bug creature food production plus one
industrial production plus one large
homeworld uncreate evander ativ means
you can't pick what you research next
you can usually under researched here
you get to pick between one of three
things okay with the uncreated trait it
randomly picks one for you let's be I
want to be the sexy aliens you can do
that okay you can do that I want to be
this they're not terrible for a small
galaxy they build ships faster ah but I
think they build everything else slow
okay what's your name what's your rulers
name
Oh my rulers name is going to be now if
you build your own race you can name the
race yeah oh okay well because everyone
is so okay
McGee huh I think you spell it's pretty
it's pronounced flat but flat but McGee
my banner color will be oh that's a nice
color I like that okay okay
enter a home star name okay I'll give
this one to you you can take the home
oh that I actually like that manhole oh
okay that manhole oh well if I die soon
I'll play the cyclic codes then then I
can say it like I say sexy leaves you
experiment with the customers yeah all
right okay all right okay so the race
you chose yeah they're telepathic so
they kind of already you don't have to
worry about exploring so much they know
where things are doing the obvious thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it
okay now you see ya the Orion's are a
long dead race they had amazing
technology but they have mysteriously
vanished their planet is sitting there
there's you if you manage to take a Ryan
all kinds of technology but it's guarded
by a super ultra powerful spaceship oh
that will utterly decimate you and with
the small galaxies you're probably not
gonna have enough time to invest in
enough technology to take it down okay
okay so the Orion Guardian will rape you
okay
you see up next to Orion that little
dragon this one yeah this is a picture
of dragon yeah some of the stars are
guarded by space
like it's like a space crystal a space
amoeba okay
those stars usually have really good
planets but you have to beat the monster
in order to colonize it okay okay and
then these guys have ships you are I'm
right here man hollows right here oh yes
are we renamed our planet so yeah
there's there's your planet yeah and
there's your little ship next to the
planet okay look on man holy weights
turd Ferguson thank you for subscribing
I'm really appreciated so cook on
manhole oh yeah yeah that's your star
system the planets in your star system
that's a lovely gallon this is swamp
planet which you know is decent
producing food whatnot okay oh she's
planet okay and there's a all right all
right click on that click on the terror
yeah this is your little colony scream
like those you see those little people
yeah the Terra parent spring yeah that
like represents what percent is you of
your population is doing what like
happier people are dedicated to making
food yeah you got one little guy
dedicated to building things yeah and
then you got three research guys they
research the technology great okay over
to the far far right you see that little
thing that says change this could change
you can choose what you're building at
any given point no if you want you can
build a colony base the colony base will
colonize like that swamp planet you saw
yeah or you could build like a scout
ship or a colony ship to colonize other
planets oh you can send your scout ship
look around and see what's what's in the
planets Nick near you okay so though I
think with the race you chose you
automatically know you just click on
right so I probably want a colony based
again
okay make it out to all on the screen it
tells you how many turns it takes before
that's done it's going to be a lot
because you don't have many people
invested in right in building and this
race builds slower than average you
might not have enough food if you take
somebody from food production see what
happens but you can just click on it and
move them over all right I don't see any
red so I think there'd be like a red X
or something if you doesn't have enough
food so I think you're good okay great
great let's build let's do it okay
return so return and then close you can
click on your little ship and send your
ship around or you could probably
because you're a psychic racer let me
just click on the nearby planets and see
what's there if you want to colonize one
of these like toxic oh that's horrible
what about towel ooh
large green ocean it's ocean planner
ocean planets don't hold as many people
in general but Sun Praxis bear in Star
Trek reference breakfast yeah ooh a gas
Johnny that's the Klingon room that
explodes in you nah undiscovered country
oh well there you go gas giant some of
these you might not
none of these are it might not have the
range for that's okay
you can focus on building up in your own
system but some good plants in your own
system some of them say mineral-rich
yeah those are decent ones if you want
to medium barren uninhabitable
what about thock natives that means
there's a there's like a savage race on
that planet oh can we can we convert
them to archive you can get over there
yeah they go firm for you well it's all
they do they can just farm that's great
I love it all right well those people
are probably gonna get there first
yes okay all right well then I'm just
gonna hang out on manhole over oh you
know what you know what you want to do
you see that little green microscope
yeah click on that connection okay you
can click on one of these things you
want to research advanced engineering so
anti-missile rockets reinforced hull
that'd be nice reinforced hull
biospheres I know this is a lot to get
dropped on there's no tutorial they live
and die on your own right uh you know
what I like to read that reinforced hull
I like being able to take a couple hits
okay oh oh you know what what okay see
this this thing on the right has
information like like the top yeah
negative two things that's food okay
so you're moving that farmer over wasn't
good Oh cuz you're minus 2 food now so
you can take a researcher probably
yeah okay let's see how that looks now
now we're we're zero is good under the
coins yeah
you say the well-acquainted on that's
your tax you can change your tax rate
for a colony you get a little bit more
money you can use the money to build
things quicker okay yeah did you build
slow it might might be a good idea to
raise the tax a little bit like I think
a high tax rate can affect morale we go
20 or 30 even 20 I'll go 20 I don't
wanna I don't wanna be crazy with the
taxes all right you're you're a space
despot my people work hard and I want I
believe in trickle-down alien check the
race your pick you picked has a feudal
government hmm you can do whatever you
want to those filthy serfs oh yeah let's
go
fuck him how about that the thing under
that you know fritters that's worry
about building those later okay
okay okay now click on the microscope
okay
oh you already did this I'm done I'm not
reviewing right now we can click on
enter
okay Wow oh look at them they build
ships already they see you everyone
starts off with a couple ships like you
have one - yeah but click on ok click on
your ship say look they got they got
plays I don't I don't I click on your
ship so you can see your ships you have
two Scouts and a comedy show if there
was a one of those planets nearby you
you can actually I'm totally stupid I'm
just starting on pre-warp yeah you could
colonize one of those other planets near
you right away oh fuck we got to do that
let's go to that kinda well this you can
do one in your own system or you can
send it out to one of those other
planets and if you send it out to one of
the other planets that kind of expands
your reach all those other planets were
decimate no I don't if this is the same
strategic decision that you must make um
you know what I'm doing hunker and down
you're hunkered down we're gonna go to
the swamp planet here it's rich yeah
fuck yeah but it's high gravity which
might counteract the richness suck that
gravity man fuck gravity well but the
research tree at some point the research
tree there's like gravity generators and
whatnot that guy takes away the penalty
ah so wait what I want to do build calm
yeah fucking build the colony there I'll
build a colony fuckin anywhere well shit
yeah boom yeah I mean way more than I
could ever explain to you Jay but you
know why cuz I can't explain it to me
yet Jay we told people to farm that's
what we just did we do sit on the chat
you told me become farmers no no I
wouldn't recommend it it's not very Luca
our own citizens oh well farm is far
long yeah all right we did it
there's full-on space panels okay
Master of Orion tool so I could send a
scout ship somewhere yeah I mean you
already know what's there though there's
no there's no reason for your race to
scout the other races yeah
they don't start with that they just see
the star or they don't even see a name
oh yeah that's what the Scout ships are
for but the race you chose towpath they
just use their brains to know what's
their star system it's fucking I fucking
love it I love every minute of it I love
every goddamn minute of it okay so wait
I have I have 33 turns to build the
thing yep it's a resurgent researchers
that's right you couldn't you could
focus on after you build this colony
base or maybe even before yeah just
start building like like like worships
oh yeah let's do the fucking that why
are we building the stupid-ass colony
it's not building the coming and just
start building worship fuck yeah all
right we're gonna colonize no shit I
want to blow shit up all right change
you see all right now you see the
freighter colony outpost outpost instead
of building like a colony on one of
their shit planets yeah you could put an
outpost there and that also extends your
reach okay she can do outpost and some
warships and you can try to make your
way to one of the other races to try and
blow them obelisk and those are the
different types of ships you can build
right now no she no she no you don't you
don't have that research yet they they
they they're gonna be with the best
technology you have available right you
can refit them later
right what you've once you've built
better weapons oh we're researching
shields right now I don't remember which
one you should get that you chose
reinforced hold that's pretty good too
okay that's better I mean that's
nothing so wait I need an outpost ship
first or you could build it doesn't
matter where what are you doing it yeah
I mean you do outpost or of warships any
bolts have reached the other races okay
forget that my post ship and we'll build
a you could build like one big shipper
you can build a bunch of small ones or
that's what I'm looking at I don't even
know what these do I know you told
electronic computer it has an electronic
computer that's great they're all gonna
have that oh yeah this one has laser
cannons and nuclear bombs big ship fifty
to a hundred and fifty two turns and
I've only been to one through one turn
yeah Jesus fuck well Bruce you know
what's your industry is better yeah and
build-up and yet more people and you
have better industry equipment that
number those numbers go down okay I want
to I want to fail a flail I mean it
might make ship since the build like a
lot of small ones yeah yeah okay alright
we're good to go
fuck all right well great man that's my
thing yeah you just built oh I see you
like these assholes are scouting over
yeah okay but we don't give a fuck cuz
we already know that there there's
nothing over here that one has a good
thing to colonize tricky thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it tricky okay
okay okay so what you see this is not
much point in Scouting there's you know
where everything is because you have to
telepathic race so I could just hit the
turnbuckle
when my ships get bailed on your colony
I just hit it a bunch of times
understanding manhole oh oh that's
manhole Oh
- which one is mine this one see if you
click on by that's what the taxes are
for oh do I have money to buy it it's
not grayed out you have enough money to
buy an outpost ship there is not what if
it's the buy thing isn't grayed out I
think you could purchase that financed
by it it's basically it's less efficient
or quicker
let's do it okay got it great next great
turn we christen a new ship they'll push
it next Q is the flail okay so where do
you wanna send your up o ship you want
to attack the blue you want to go to
attack the blue people or the yellow
people Oh probably want to get those
blue people okay strange coincidence
we did we did they the people in the
chat they have wanted us to name it man
all I said okay that's funny that's
exactly what happened where you go there
bring okay okay so just close all right
turn and turn boom we're there you're
close to there boom click my ship now
yeah these people we don't care about
these planets right cuz they just make
it all pushy and you can do around the
gas giant if you arm doesn't matter just
building just building an outpost so you
don't get any the only benefit you get
is you extend the reach of your empire
right you can only travel so far from
any one of your systems okay click on
the little ship that's next one
another colony god goddamn it cut
diamond oh you said the Scouts what you
said the Scouts not the combination not
the auto-ship you sent the wrong ships
dumbbell outpost that's it your own
system send it yeah there you go
I don't know what's going on okay now
he's there all right okay
it's like the planet - transcendent
Hammond wall well it's not post so it
doesn't matter okay you can know you get
no benefits from it other than your
reach okay well it's that great can okay
all right now you might want to refit
your Scout ships into warships can I do
that yeah I don't think your Scout ships
have any weapons so I need to send a man
you need to send it back to the first
colony that's motherfucker it's got the
people that build things okay
oh no oh shit oh shit you've made
contact with somebody
oh shit
sacré ambassador pray to whatever gods
motivate you slack but Mickey we are
coming for your ships your planets and
your people fucking right so these
lizard people yeah obviously they're
highly aggressive yeah I noticed that
about like sometimes the leaders like
they have different traits he can be
extremely warlike they could be
xenophobic sure or they could be like
open diplomacy okay so you are what
passes for an emperor of the aileron
Kingdom you are truly much more pathetic
than I ever imagined
oh let's go they're not a war with you
oh the other two are at war with each
other
oh great so nice yeah go fuck each other
up nice still weeds can I do anything
with my post shipper it's just there
it's it's it's just even more easily you
reach the other racists and your worship
seven okay all right so are your they're
back okay click on your colony okay oh
my god let me actually look on the
builds things I have mad cash trying to
remember where to go to refit
yeah there's a refit button this your
two Scouts look what to see what scars
have today yeah
it's now the Scout doesn't have any
weapon she has one laser cannon actually
this stiletto what does that have two
laser laser so they don't have as much
range okay as far as the distance they
can travel that's fine but if our goal
is going to be just to blow other people
up quickly yes you might want to turn
those into little washers okay and then
we'll refit the other ones also be a
stiletto yes okay
let's see if we can buy this play all I
have
Richard can it reach that that other
system then that reback the one the rat
they have what your any oh you're
subscribing ville we can't check it out
okay but I'll have a new one okay can I
reach one that system Quadra No
five parsecs so we're gonna need to
research something that will let us
travel further can you click on the
research thing the the green microscope
like like you see done in chemistry
advanced sorcery chemistry yeah fuel
cells yeah that extends the range or
ships out great so if you research that
you might be able to reach them great
and then you can Bob them can I go to
the outpost and then go to them what's
the what's the the outpost extend your
range
it just didn't extend it enough okay but
I'm do I want to wait twenty three more
turns to get my recourse all right ah
cuz this is ninety three two one hundred
ninety three turns as that research
points not necessarily terms your your
scientists generate so many research
points turn
how do I eat tell me this yeah here's
something that's very important yeah
how do I get yeah more people in here
they naturally they have sex they
naturally recruits really yes they grow
over time until there's as many people
that's kind of fucked up if you want to
speed it up yeah you can actually change
your research to building housing oh
really you probably would rather have
the ships okay what ships are built if
you want to tell them to have more sex I
do you can do that I have more sex
it'd be like Robo jacks like encouraging
ya procreation
about procreation no I'm always thinking
about procreation but I specifically
think about we drop the stream
you
I find myself when I'm streaming here I
hunch forward and then the second I get
in my car afterwards my back hurts
so I'm concentrating very heavily I'm
like in theory we're back
in theory our finally our technical
difficulties wallpaper paid off
someone made us a technical difficulties
wallpaper little rich and I cartoon with
like Simpsons s with cuckoo clocks
coming out of our heads it's awesome and
I just said it as a default wallpaper
knowing that we have technical problem
Hey okay we're back great Jack's head
exploded
so I am taking over for the game this
this is a look tad too slow for me
and there's just too many things that I
don't know okay and so and then like
you're trying to explain them all to me
exactly and so I don't know if that
would necessarily be entertaining for
everyone else and so rich is taking over
this is also like rich is playing on the
easiest setting and so if he does not
dominate this I'm gonna be I'm gonna be
disappointed they want to have like we
got the guy who called us a weakling
yeah okay I'm going to dice okay cool
yeah I wouldn't call this like I
wouldn't call it ADHD I'm concerned more
about your entertainment and you know
with it with FTL with a game like FTL
which uh normy like jay finds boring
there's enough like there's enough laser
battles in it for me to keep me
entertained so I can deal with the
resource management this is this is Star
Trek there are there are there are
eventually yes I swear they're not
they're not laser battles soon enough
for me humble Jackson I did see Dumb and
Dumber - ok have you seen Devin number 2
curiosity it's way worse than you could
it's creepy yeah and it is the whole
thing the exact same story um similar
yeah and then they hit very similar
beats to play in your nostalgia like
equally it's so it's not just like old
men acting like children which is
awkward enough but the point of the
movie is that Jeff Daniels is a kidney
transplant or something and so it's like
a sickly old man doing pratfalls is not
entertaining at all
it's just terrible
just terrible
I do love this music this seems like
music that you meditate to in the future
the guy from hands of Steel may die
yeah isn't like yeah just like a minor
so like he's witty girl
good for him I mean he's still oh I have
Jay has a mic sorry if you can't hear
J okay now you should be able to hear J
I had his turn down all the way because
he wasn't here the beginning
working I think we showed Jay the strafe
trailer did it go down again
that might just be on your head it's
still up for me yes there you go we
showed we showed Mike the strafe
commercial today and we many giggles
were had we showed that to you right the
90s like blood coming out of the
computer for the the first-person
shooter maybe yes very good we got to
talk to the guy who made that he called
in on Sunday because he's also the
developer of the game the guy who made a
commercial and we were playing the game
we got an early copy no we're like we
were he sent out a tweet saying like if
anyone is a streamer or a youtuber we
want to get word out about the
Kickstarter so I'll give you a very
broken pre-alpha version of one level of
the game
and I emailed them and I was like I want
one he was checking out the stream and I
was doing this so bad at the game oh
yeah
yeah I was doing so bad that he decided
he needed to call in yes
whoa
yeah how about now
oh sorry everybody the film space cop
sorry headphone users yeah
now James good ok great ok so I was
doing so bad at the game because they're
they make you know a lot of references
to these early 90s first-person shooters
which I haven't played and so I get to a
point and I can't move forward anymore
and it's just like where the fuck do I
go where the fuck's we go I get is this
the end this can't be the end I'm
missing something
and it was a reference to a doom video
game where there were elevators that in
exact and he ended up talking to us for
like two hours yeah just about
developing the game and making the
commercials game yeah and it works
I'm sure other people had something to
do with it as well but they made their
Kickstarter
so I congratulate chess you're moving
you're moving releases forward those
bishops that's the space battle would we
ever talk on stream with the fans I
don't know never we said before no I
think we've said that's you know we
don't know you we don't know any of you
I suppose we didn't know him either
well you know he developed a game there
was some debate at like after he hung up
the phone or was just like we didn't
really check if that was him or not he
spent two hours with a complete stranger
things just bullshitting it could it
have known he was and he actually they
made a Kickstarter update releasing this
level that they raised to streamers and
it was like a specific note about like
and if you're dumb these are what doom
elevators look like they put a jack
disclaimer I put in a jack is so dumb so
maybe other people might be that dumb
disclaimer
yeah big round that's exactly what it be
an open Skype call to the fans of BJ's
you send pics of your ass exactly my god
I won't by the way faith speaking of
Kickstarter I'm going to present this
information with no further coming you
know samurai cop 2 did a Kickstarter yes
for their film yeah and they it was what
do they call it when you get your goal
success it's just a successful kickstart
so they did that there's a successful
Kickstarter they've been shooting the
movie yeah now they have an IndieGoGo so
that's just the thing that exists what
they reach to their kicks they reach
their Kickstarter which Kickstarter you
have to make your goal in order to get
the money did that and I'll have an
IndieGoGo which is just whatever you get
you get to keep right so I just thought
that was interesting
presenting that without commentary yeah
can I come or should we all presenter
without comment I don't think it needs a
calm
there was another big game Kickstarter
con revealed recently oh yeah someone
was making some sort of dinosaur themed
survival game and
had a successful Kickstarter well
exceeded their goals started a steam
early access which means that you can
sell the full versions of the game even
though it's not done yet okay which is
kind of like a Kickstarter and now the
person who's actually making the game
hasn't been able to get in contact with
the producer for the past like two
months oh wow it's like well I guess
that's it
all the money's gone game's not
happening a Kickstarter that did finally
happen Harry Knowles finally made a show
up for two years one show it was a
series up how many have been released
yet two or three but I watched part of
one and it's the most intolerable thing
it's just awful good hey may he made it
in a few years and it seems to be cuz it
at the beginning it says like this
episode's sponsored by this company in
this company in this company and no
mention at all of the Kickstarter it's
like did he already have the money in
place and if you have me just discussing
well he got out of his taxi shoots right
that's unrelated though no no no no I'm
just curious I know I know you remember
yet twenty dollars in tax you know back
taxes yeah completely unrelated to the
fixer offices Kim sorry for how much
I don't know $3,000 and maybe I I want
to say it was right around the same
amount as the taxes but yeah I'm sure
that's just a car ah funny it's all just
a crazy coincidence out someone here in
the chat has a very poignant quote barf
we're not doing this for the money we're
doing this for a shitload of money
thank you but I challenge ok Canonsburg
any of you go to any cool news and I
dare any of you to make it through one
whole episode any cool news chance of
challenge if you if you're a fan of
close-ups of that guy's face just
sputtering incoherently about nonsense
you will love this show by the way is
that purple dinosaur like supposed to be
sexy because it's in kind of a sexy pose
isn't it kind of like one of those like
they are objecting here at the scarlet
johansson but to the camera also like
looking over her shoulder the Scarlett
Johansson of a purple dinosaurs don't
you think what the fuck
Clem Pham dango thank you for
subscribing we varied the depreciated
barney's the John good look don't you
click away from that purple dinosaur
again look at him you look at you look
at that sexy yeah
yeah oh and I
speaking of Kickstarter's that have been
somewhat scams that's unrelated to any
other Kickstarter sure no you're right
you're absolutely right I'm so for some
reason scam your changes
speaking of successful Kickstarter I got
an email today because I am a backer of
the Double Fine adventure game
Double Fine adventure game day if you
don't remember he's the game that had a
goal of like 80,000 and made three
million yes
but bigger named in the production
company world famous adventure game
maker wanted to make an old-school point
click adventure game nerds got right on
board so they made that much more money
right
still ran out of money so they had to
split the game into two parts and sell
the first part to the norms to help fund
the second part and you know they did
like they they've been very kind of
they've been very transparent about cost
and you know like a lot of that is like
you know for example if you pay for a
t-shirt you have to get the t-shirt made
a lot of that ghosts of physical rewards
not in their pocket oh sorry the goal
was 400,000 and they made three million
3.3 million thank you thank you guys
very much
as long as as long as they're
transparent yes
but episode episode 2 is almost ready
for beta which I'm very excited I've
been holding off playing episode 1 our
our they're only going to be two yes
there are only two so far I guess right
I'm waiting - playing - yes but it's
been nice and they've also been making a
semi-regular behind-the-scenes video
about the production and about the
creative process in general which has
been amazing been worth me backing just
to be able to watch that like just to
watch people make games in their
decisions creative oh sorry rich explain
solution no one knows what's happening
well no one seems to be interested in so
I you stop caring right like what are
you doing now how do you fight you take
shooting at each other okay I have them
outnumbered but most of my ships are
smaller and weaker am I win
they might almost certainly win okay I
just got sick of waiting for my large
ship I'm building a large gesture okay
which is not done yet yeah and the other
side of the story here is like
laughingstock media says I didn't even
realize you guys were playing because
how it works sometimes yeah oh yeah rich
has been playing since this dream bro
yeah Jax quite tiny crocodile brand
couldn't quite grasp especially probably
a bit much to get this it would a to
call this a learning curve is a gross
understatement
especially because like the last week
I've been playing nothing but
first-person shooters which is about as
simple a game as you can come by
no Blomkamp's Elysium was not terrible
Blomkamp's Elysium it's good it's good
it it is a tab - what's the opposite of
subtlety yeah and it it it's a tad too
much fat but the world is really nice
the effects are really nice it's it's a
really cool movie it's not as good as
district 9 but of course district 9 came
out of nowhere
yeah so I as far as like the rumors on
Blomkamp's alien I think they're just
rumors at this point if this is the sexy
foreplay
well there's also making Prometheus - I
think that's still happening is that so
much so you can't ever need these two
and
I don't think ping Gwyneth's Pinguin
ist's thank you for subscribing very
much appreciated
I think it's like a pianist but with
penguins
what oh yeah by the way I am excited for
Jackie it looks fun I know nothing about
it besides seeing the robot I mean I
enjoy robots and movies Hugh Jackman
no but I want to I fuckin on it it's a
robot boxing movie it's robot jacksie
because a million movies come out every
year
I just can't Oh a parently Blomkamp
released something on Instagram saying
the alien movie is officially happy
I mean Instagram she said I heard that
yeah the third movie but let's stop
before making a horse say it's one of
her clones or something
yeah Real Steel look like Rock'em
Sock'em robots the movie yeah which is
something I would totally watch it
I'm usually a pretty big sucker for that
over-the-top father-son relationship you
know the other day Oh over this one I
saw over the top because I watch it at
least twice a week every three days so
it's like you know two and a half times
a week because it's overtime what the
fuck
slack oh six thank you for subscribing
no I saw the the Sherman and mr. Peabody
movie I watched it by myself because not
the worst not the most offensive kids
movie I've ever seen
it has a few pop-culture references no
not a few hundred just a few mmediately
dated immediately so there's a few that
they did but not super bad and they
actually created a little story out of
it it's fine
you know like for anyone who's ever seen
the Rocky and Bullwinkle show where
Sherman and mr. Peabody came out of it's
like how do you make a story out of a
little kid in a dog and so they they did
something with it I guess it wasn't
incredibly offensive
$14.99 action boris and Natasha I
remember that yeah it was Dave Thomas
Thomas from SCTV yeah did like a live
action
yes no Morris in the Tosh up for some
reason your mic went dead because that's
awesome
Jay's mic went dead oh that could be it
what the fuck what the fuck Jimmy of the
jam nobody what wasn't working now this
is so confident
I'm talking about levels now can you
hear me now can you hear me now can you
hear me now might be one of the worst
references yeah I could ever think
where's the beef that's right where is
the P where's the beef where's the beef
would be a better reference because it
is old was the new best of the worst the
longest yet it might be the longest it's
a little over an hour
yeah the discussion was like over two
hours and I know Mike in trouble choppin
that down which it didn't feel like we
talked that long
professor physics thank you for
subscribing
much appreciated pretty much yeah it
felt they felt good the episode yeah
felt like a good pace Mike decided to
keep in a couple of the outtakes
I mean we're funny but it was just like
you know that's fine that's fine
sometimes when we're reading we mess up
reading and then usually we just start
over so we read the whole thing
continuously so we don't sound like
whole will fuck up but you keep it in
when it's funny yeah that's true
it's and the goal with editing is to
make everybody else look horrible
alright you can usually tell when Mike's
edited an episode or when I got it yes
or with just half in the bag cuz if
that's just me and Mike and it's mean my
Kennedy hmm whoever comes across the
dumbest is probably not the one that
edited the episode Ritchie's thinking to
himself oh that's right Mike did keep in
the savage two line which I thought was
oh yeah he kept in his own fuck-ups I
forgot about that
yes I knew Mike edited the episode when
we got the J in LA segment absolutely Oh
God
I've walked right into that one oh the
only thing I was trying to get across is
that there's lots of like beautiful
people in LA no it's true and then I
made it worse for myself talking about
how I have some Native American in me no
I wasn't thinking about it it was
beautiful I just wasn't thinking about
it was great
you guys are funny you say funny things
sometimes and I like it yeah they do I
mean I'm not gonna repeat
now I was definitely laughing
can I live this I'm just watching the
episode I was like well enough time has
passed since we shot it or it's sort of
like you kind of forget about some of
the stuff absolutely
Oh mr. ad man Mike didn't put the word
sexist over J when he was talking about
the the alienator chick that just
happens naturally yeah sometimes words
just appear in front of us it's really
weird it's very strange we're looking
into it
tink it's a ghost could be a go I think
it's a ghost eyes I'm still saying
medical condition oh oh yeah like that
we all have like as an airborne thing I
do I think it has something with like
the Milwaukee area in general okay so
I'm very was called too many cooks yeah
oh that reminds me Jack do you know much
about the David Cross Adult Swim how bub
that's going on now where David Cross is
claiming that the one of the top guys at
Adult Swim stole his idea the late-night
programming with like too many cooks and
some of the other things oh I don't know
I don't know the details of it so I
can't really comment I guess no he's
claiming that Daddy of its starting like
like an infomercial and then degenerated
into weirdness like he pitch that to him
a couple years ago I guess that's all I
know
I haven't read up on
no I know I have not I'm not ready Oh oh
good you leave those big dinosaurs alone
you know I think David Cross is an asset
I've never much cared for them across I
like a stand up he comes across a little
abrasive in real life he comes across
like a bit of a dickhead yeah yeah I
think that's kind of his thing yeah yeah
I remember I remember enjoying him like
on other stuff I'm you know like seeing
mr. show and enjoying him on mr. show
and then like when he started doing his
storytelling stand-up listening to that
and just stopping work just thinking
that he was a huge asshole he would tell
these stories and of course I mean when
he told them
Craig good nation Craig a nation thank
you for subscribing her very much
appreciate it like him always his
stories he would sound like a bigger
jerk yeah he kind of comes across full
of himself kind of pompous yeah yeah
which can work either so to stand up I
think is really funny though sure it
doesn't come across like a like an act
like he's heightening it you know Freud
for the act right he just kind of seems
like he actually is that way yes that's
what makes it work yeah mr. Cheryl I
like Arrested Development yeah oh he's
great you barely directed a movie wrote
and directed a movie recently who's on
yo d cool hits I haven't seen him you're
the only person I know that says VOD
really what do you call it
you gotta called something streaming
okay streaming is different than video
on demand as both yeah I mean the idea
is like when you rent it through like
Amazon or I to through a stream sir
three streaming service yeah I don't
know if you're struck me as funny you
saying I know you see you were saying it
earlier with something else and it's
just like I got hasn't gotten in from
somewhere it's accurate I just know what
he calls about yeah I don't know if you
were doing Billa HECO says he calls it
VOD - right maybe it's an age
when is the rlm Kickstarter look for it
tomorrow it'll be up tomorrow possibly
with accompanied by something else if we
can still do that we need that we need
to do a Kickstarter to be able to afford
to launch our IndieGoGo sure and then
once we have that any go-go money then
we can launch our GoFundMe GoFundMe yeah
great and then really the GoFundMe is
only going to cover some of the PayPal
expenses yes for the direct PayPal
deposits right but all of this is going
towards getting everybody at red letter
media some sensible shoes it's very
important did not see that coming
yeah you guys guessing that 6e space
dinosaur
it's just hunched over like a dinosaur I
don't know but it's kind of like just
the way that it has a year seen what you
want to see it has like a little like
not a thong but you know like a alien
aid or metal phone I think you're seeing
what you want to see that's that's
that's very possible
that is better
rich doesn't need a new car running
kind of that's right I'm kind of
yeah
I was very upset with what
and I've always upset bus no they're
saying I was upset Oh what were you
upset about I don't know I'm trying to
figure it out
jack is into dinosaurs
check jack is in the dinosaurs Jay is in
the buff men from LA riches into Karen
we're all in two different things
thank you Robert bizarre job that was
very funny oh that's oh yes I liked
Theodore Rex oh yeah
liked as a bad movie I know I liked it
as a bad I haven't seen better call Saul
yet have you seen better person I still
haven't made my way through
Breaking Bad I don't want what's pretty
bad I just want to watch better cross
off yeah cuz I like Bob oh yeah
the first episode is free streaming
everywhere oh yeah so the pie I'm
curious how much like if you have to
have any knowledge of Breaking Bad to
watch it or
I don't know either
well I do know that that Amazon Prime
men in high castles got picked up oh
you're talking about that show right
yeah it was on their pilot season and it
got picked up for a full season it was
very exciting
that's the philip k dick based off of
the filipino
better call Saul has a lot of Breaking
Bad references
the question is references that are okay
as long as they don't take like where
you're like what what is this what's
happening so if that's the case that's
fine part Parnell no I will not please
pardon my involuntary exhalation of dust
and particulates from my nostrils okay
why because even though it's an
involuntary bodily response I'm
embarrassed by making it in front and so
then you can you can say that you
acknowledge my involuntary
response because if you're comfortable
sitting out god dammit god dammit
so her bless you Jack thanks but Lakha
that wacky thought dad wacky Thor I feel
his Thunder cleansing me
what the what
hold on Imams black needs to refill his
beverage what I mean
like dinosaurs no there man that I think
that's understandable you got other
dinosaurs to choose from Carter's a
dinosaur I'm sorry I'm sorry
Jagga ask was today's best of the worst
the first time a beer bottle broke on
rlm despite the floor cushion yeah
that's the thing we didn't we didn't
want it to break because it's an actual
bottle that Mike brought back from
Canada so we put down the mattress or we
put on some foam and it just bounced off
the foam and broke I think they make
their beer bottles much much lighter in
Canada they they're careless they don't
know what they're doing up there but in
the other best of the worst that we shot
that'll probably be up eventually
there's more bottle action and there's
an amazing moment that I think was
captured on camera I still don't see
what just the footage the footage or I
was looking what happened oh okay it's
it's amazing I hope it shows up small
enough on camera where you can see
what's going on yeah the next best of
the worst
I'm sorry about that see we have we
intentionally were trying to make it not
break and then explode we were in the
midst of a different bit where I was
saying Oh for a long amount of time and
the baha broke its oops the dupes very
funny
I blame Tom Green yeah if anyone knows
where to get more Tom green beer you
gotta go to Canada someone in Canada
send us more time green beer apparent
was it good or did they just have the
bottle I don't know I think he just
brought down the bottle because he
thought it was funny I don't know if I
mean I think he drank it - I don't know
but he just brought back the bottle just
cause it's Tom green beer can I be
honest with you for a second
yes sorry I'm just saying people asked
like is the next best of the worst more
sci-fi movies and I'm thinking in my
head I cannot tell you what movies we've
watched for the last month for the first
really was that last week yeah the last
week each other I had trouble with that
earlier today III didn't watch the
movies but I remember what they were
from the discussion from filming the
discussion oh oh yes I was about to say
what they all worth what I should do
that don't you do that yeah I just
remembered what one of them is in that
clued me all I'll say isn't one of them
was another Fredo and rain Fredo unrated
alienated but he also said Fretilin ray
didn't like 100 he's done tons and tons
of movies now he mostly does like like
jim wynorski was kind of another b-movie
guy from that era now both of them
they've mainly just do like she Cinemax
softcore movies cuz there's no B movies
anymore that's true that market doesn't
exist there's a documentary about Jimmy
norske called Papadopoulos that's uh I
wish it delve more into that but it does
talk about that now like the type of
movies that they used to make like
there's not a market for it there's no
money for it so
they've resorted to Jeff's doing these
cheapo softcore movies for cable it's
kind of sad it's kind of sad you would
think there would be a market for you
know there's like sharknado that's it
that's that type of movie is the only
thing that exists anymore
yeah the the movies made would love and
by people that love B movies that grew
up with like drive-in movies like that
doesn't exist anymore
I suppose you could you know most of
them you can it doesn't matter anymore
because we have access to every movie
ever made
yeah you know before you'll never see
another Escape from New York like that
level of movie yeah there's there's
great filmmakers that will never be
discovered because then we have an
opportunity to make it cheap yeah well
yet for me made movie yeah escape from
New York's a little I'm talking about
more of like the directive video stuff
okay but that - yeah like that
definitely doesn't exist anymore like
movies made like that budget that can
actually get out there and do I think
there is still world where filmmakers
like we have the Internet
sure well what happened this it'll make
Lincoln don't make like a low-budget
movie it might do somewhat well and then
they'll get a larger project because of
that yeah but like I saw some great like
last year there's a lot of really great
independent horror movies nobody sees
like I said we called starry eyes that
was great but that's not gonna do like
Escape from New York did back in the day
you know like where it's just a really
successful low-budget movie like that
sure
the definition of success has changed
yes you're gonna pause I'm Rabat okay
sometime
