SUPER SUNDAY FOOTBALL (Part 4)
February 1, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-phZH4B1Lvw

we'll see if we can find classic teams I
bet they have classic themes right
probably is only unlockable paid content
one more for the road okay
Oh God here the ps4 eating the disc
okay yeah yeah oh if it was taste way if
Taylor Swift was doing the Super Bowl
halftime show I'd watch that
I'm literally what's gonna happen is I'm
gonna go home and start editing the next
free recognize that's it if I get home
jack-jack missed the new jurassic world
trailer you know what i'm sure it will
be on youtube in minutes yeah
minutes
okay stream is updated hey listen you
guys make any of the motivation jokes
you want they're funny
the motivation jokes what do they say oh
you know they're not sure about the
players motivation oh that that nonsense
and also yes I am giving rich a ride
home but you won't have to worry about
driving in these terrible terrible don't
worry looking back but of course that
yeah then he has to worry about good
news car back here we'll see what's a
cloud in might you will check outside
yeah it's already on YouTube of course
it's already on YouTube oh wait we're
canceling this we learned our lesson
last time yeah okay
play now boom let's see the team's
weekend fun
l2 is a random team Cowboys Broncos
I just want to see if they have any
classic ones and I'll go through fast
I wouldn't even I wouldn't even try
Ravens Steelers Colts Vikings it's a
mismatch oh you have 90 is that what I'm
supposed to look at those numbers I
think so
yeah banthas are 84 Panthers versus
Broncos whatever what else you got what
else is earners I'm just hitting the
Randa button here no I'll just go
straight up or down so you can see them
all and proper whatever oh here we go
well that's 91 okay I don't know that
you're going to Broncos in there good oh
yeah 49ers versus Broncos all right
Denver San Francisco rumble in the
tumble
what do I think of Saints Row um I'm
fine with it safe if I haven't never
actually played one I think I all I've
heard is that they're good
somebody just give me one reason I
haven't got around to it okay no I you
know I think they from what I've heard
they understand what they are and they
try to have a little fun with it so I
encourage that I have no strong feelings
either way or either way Dumble in the
humble
no no Snell surround the stream of it
would it would take some time to get
this Ness hooked up and the unplugging
stuff possibly restarting computer
stopping the stream right yeah it makes
sense
Rich's right if he was snow starts
coming down in a terrible Jam yeah your
brother Eddie listen you're probably
right mumble in the grumble grumble in
the Wombles play prop hunt in some time
reserved Jiffy Lube upper you just get a
quick oil change yeah but you know you
might want to take an end of someplace
that little like a look at everything if
you got shit on the 49ers
if it's making noises in shit but yeah
we have a jiffy lube we have all sorts
of like one-hour places and whatnot
Thank You King vidiian linked to the
Supra Jurassic world Super Bowl trailer
already on YouTube this is I can't you
know big surprise big surprise this is
the thing now when people now like T's
like we're gonna air the the teaser
trailer for ant-man
during agents of shield like I don't
give a fuck
it'll be on YouTube minutes later
did you catch it fix up yes yes you did
I forgot who I was Oh J says the new
jurassic world trailer is just as lame
as the last one so great Derrick how
much what's the problem - like me we're
excited about that Chris Pratt what I
still don't understand why people are
excited about the Jurassic world no no I
don't know they've already made two bad
sequels why why isn't Street third
time's the charm
oh by the way I think our - does my guy
did seem to run faster he didn't get me
anywhere but he seemed to run faster J
says first time was the charm that was
the good one
third and nine
almost outside sign so you're using the
controllers yes we are using oh are you
just catching up to me saying that we
don't know what the buttons are dong
whatever whatever I'm looking forward to
all this shoveling I'm gonna show my
future nice thing about da apartment ya
know shoveling ever give up machine oh
no I don't know I do not have a
snowblower he's all shovel all the time
my neighbor has a snowblower and is a
very nice neighbor when it gets really
bad like this he'll usually like you get
the sidewalk up the whole block just
because he's a nice dude sometimes he'll
even get like behind my garage yeah he's
a great great Colin Kaepernick
go wide open wide open for me but the
really great thing about shoveling snow
I should probably pick up lay the great
thing about shoveling snow is when you
track your calories like I do it usually
earns me an extra fee usually that's
enough exercise to earn me a little
uniform I'll take again Chicago right
now there's no killing Chicago listen
we're doing so good up here getting home
is gonna be fun Oh bad but depressed
that was almost an interception so yeah
you're faking are you punting what oh
it's puns time
whoa am i faking or punting neither I'm
passing not even faking I'm going for
the pass well I only have six yards I
can do this Oh apparently I'm faking
I still have to go through the mountains
whoa it's a fake out catch it catch it
oh that was dumb just don't
oh wow I'm gonna be that guy says Jack
when you drive home drive fast so the
snow can't catch you absolutely
absolutely
that's the best advice thank you for
that fake oh my god that's why you don't
do that shit no very cautiously
rick jay says he's completely snowed on
his wings we may have to hunker down at
the studio and survive on bagels and
monster cereal yeah that's a real
possibility should never have come in
today we say we're coming I know I know
we said we're coming and we'll make it
home there's a shovel here we'll shovel
our way out of this fuck
now it'll be fine we'll get out of here
well get out of here Willie we might
have to shovel a bit what the fuck
indeed in the middle of a play right now
Oh I left your wide open box nur mustard
mustard mustard lover thank you for
subscribing we'd very much appreciated
alright alright things are going swell I
really should have just not touched the
controller for that yeah which by the
way hallmark of any great game I think
you can just drop the controller in the
game will play itself no it's not better
I trust the game more than myself that's
the hallmark of a good game to you
is it sarcasm no sergeant I hope so okay
sorry I wasn't sure oh yeah I wasn't
sure if those that was pretty dry it's
pretty good that was pretty dry no I
just IRA after that play I left for that
space wide open and he took it and I
felt like a jackass and so I should have
100% just not touch the controller
he'll take it from the one
21 an extra yard great
oh I should pick a play
sorry I was you're farting I was
flirting okay hey now hey now hey now
get your game on right down the hall
there you go that's just just out of
curiosity yeah wanting people there in
the chat now started and said he's gone
down somewhat we've lost we've lost
about 200 yeah
yeah and that's fine now we're are kind
of normals yeah so I'm okay with it
I'm okay with it
Super Bowl update the score is zero to
zero thank you for the penalty
oh that's a great man yeah that's a
great run I felt great about that yeah
also I am very hungry I'm very I am then
Danny okay here we go here we go
Oh tackle tackle tackle
shit god dammit that's great
yeah that's great that's great one for
you I can't I can't take much credit
yeah
if we had some control over
interceptions happening I'd feel better
I feel better about as it is that was a
good thing but sure but you but again
the hallmark of a great campaign is you
know what it is it's almost like
watching actual football where people
like yes my team so it accurately
represents actually watching football
that's really funny
Wow that look like a nerd you know we
should play what MLB power pros and
there should be cutesy little cartoony
baseball game okay unbeliev yeah what
are your thoughts on the Watchmen movie
um not terrible the watchman's whole
thing is being realistic and a realistic
view on superheroes and every time
somebody gets thrown into a brick wall
or does the slow-motion action cam yeah
in the movie I get angry
because it's not a realistic because the
Watchmen is all about bringing super
girls down to earth right and the movie
does some of that action schlock now in
that every time that happens in the
movie egg oh why are you doing that it's
not what the Watchmen is about I can be
with you I can be with you then yeah I
think the opening sequence of the
Watchmen is great and then the movie
goes to shit after that yeah after that
the original part it's really tough when
you when you enjoy the original material
so much and when they nailed the
original materials so well
today I'm here to look like movie with a
fine comb like them The Watchmen the
comic book has so much like hidden and
repeating symbols Alec imagery going on
like that smiling face shows up
symbolically it's not the actual button
but just it's all over that book and
different other things just keep
repeating and I don't know if the movie
does that I would assume so because he
what he did meticulously recreates so
many things you know so I would assume
but who the fuck
what happened will you wash silence but
Ivan I didn't do anything
take em out oh we pay attention dude
dude dude dude so yeah this is just the
thing he's like if you ever feel like
watching The Watchmen just read the book
yeah basically and you'll enjoy that a
whole bunch a whole bunch better you'll
enjoy that more yes
the book is brilliant this wonderful
movie is fine I think I think if I would
have seen the movie first I don't know
if I don't know if I would have enjoyed
of the bed if I saw the movie first I
might not even have bothered with the
book I might be like oh I don't know hmm
that's a real thing that's such a J
about that whether or not he's watched
the I don't think so I think that came
out before me we were doing having a bad
now that could be missing but I could be
wrong on that
I have this thing's have all become a
blur idea someone like to get a
perspective on someone whose opinion I
generally agree with the book all right
I was trying to skip the cutscene and
and I don't know what clamoring book
yeah I said buckets I mean the comic
book the collection of comics in these
what do you call it again the trade I
have the trade paperback the tpb yeah
TPB still a book even though it's a
comic book
I think riches have scored
let's see we'll see was saying I think
Watchmen was even pre phantom master D
that could be that might have been I
have no concept of space or time
third down here first I don't think this
is a player picked oh oh you dropped it
- he's lying
Wyatt crew riot crew thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
sorry if we misty a little bit we've
been playing no no that's alright see
what to do
cousin Tia what my guy will just run no
matter what oh wait not touching it not
touching it oh no kissing you know
straight we don't play or watch NFL
never knew what was happening in the
game until your stream today so thank
you and now you know this is my real
question it kind of makes sense again
you know
oh wait wrong wait I saw the opening too
late I saw the opening way too late I
saw it it was straight I just should
have great if I kept running straight
sorry I had a curve I'm sorry the curve
that was my fault
hundred percent my fault hum daling a
free hours ago it was decent game yeah
it was something
oh right into your guy thing this time I
was really trying to follow exactly what
the place I do yeah you don't follow the
plane huh you don't follow the plane
honestly a lot of times I don't even pay
attention those lines
I picked are on see now this time I
pressed the wrong button so I really
don't know what I'm too because no idea
nice got the first version that's all
that matters that's a good question when
was the Plunkett generations review
released on YouTube I'm not sure no
fucking five years ago I mean at this
point yeah at this point more right is
he didn't though he did the next-gen
movies before he did without Phantom
Menace right right I remember seeing the
next-gen movie reviews ah oh
almost almost runway to death right a
2-pound Oh a Hamish I was saying 2008
yeah I'm not sure I'm not be too shocked
six years ago what year is it now 2015
now - 8 - 15 - seven yeah I said 700 you
just said you didn't seem sure I was not
sure Jesus age oh come on
is there an intercept button I want to
know this I just press X only have two
yards I should really run it I said I'm
doing rich I'm ready
you're probably gonna pass it because
you always do the dumb thing
oh Jesus intercept could be any button
no one is saying in a spirit of American
footballs immense toil on athletes
bodies describe your most serious injury
like ever ever tonight I can tell you my
most serious injury is I was sledding
once went off a sweet wicked jump fell
and built all the jacks doing a fake
well should've just let it drop
now you're gonna lose yards intercepting
I don't want them to I broke my
collarbone okay like if the collarbone
on my right side is now permanently
fucked up cuz he can't really fix it oh
I have never broken a bone then I know
okay but if like broken like a pinky toe
jacked up on something that might may
have happened sure but see worst injury
I was a kid I was at a batting cage
mm-hmm
ball hit me right in the mouth and my
teeth must have bit off part of the
inside of my cheek I was literally
spitting out mouthfuls and blood
although would fill up a blood I would
spit a full mouth full of blood on the
concrete and my mouth would fill up
again or hard well that was a kid yeah
so they go rich spitting up mouthfuls of
blood I I don't know I've probably told
the story before I nearly died at
Disneyworld no I don't never heard it
that's a real story yes it is
you nearly died and nearly died Disney
one ok family vacation and you could
read these little tiny motor boats and
the family was in the motor pool around
ok and driving my little motorboat my
brother's ahead of me heading towards me
Michael my little brother mm-hmm and so
I I kind of swerved to the right to get
out away he also spoke right so I spoke
to the left together he also scored the
lefty out of the way and he ended up
hitting me kind of not quite head-on he
kind of like hit side of my boat his
boat kicked like up in the air like kind
of like over mine and the propeller
whizzed right by my head she's so I I
nearly died by getting hit in the head
with a motor boat propeller and when I
was 12
that's intense yeah that is in tense
oh my god that's life-changing life
ending is what that is
Oh fine I decline oh I declined the
because we you're doing story yeah yeah
I'm with this down no it is the end of
first corner by the way Oh superb all
right oh I'm never gonna get home in
time to see the game with this weather
I like that rich borrowed time Evans
right you know why you you know I hate
faith is a faith is a concept designed
by lazy storyteller I had to grow up to
become Richard William Thomas Evans the
third Wow
right everyone was right there yeah it's
yeah it's knowing a fuckwad things are
getting crazy
why thank you John kilo a little rich
and geez
wide open wide open wide open you don't
get paid man any chance my team sucks or
it's just me it's probably you you got
the dominate at the football I get to
win at foot by day I did I won that I
won the football and you're winning at
the first I want one game of the
football when the deck was stacked in my
favor oh snap jesus H yes wait five six
seconds I don't think I'm gonna do it no
well you know how Mary of course we know
how good my quarterback has been okay
here we go let's go let's go
it's giving me the same play option for
all three I mean it is pretty sure I
should do that place yes
I mean yeah that was the biggest
clusterfuck ever for the Europeans the
hell marry is a path that goes very very
deep it's called a Hail Mary because
it's basically a prayer here we are not
likely to make it it's a desperation
throw to gain a lot of yards very
quickly it is the biggest dice roll
imaginable because the players are so
far away if you are not even sure who
you're throwing it yes and so all your
players just kind of bunch up wave their
arms like no because you got you got to
be accurate and you got to be accurate
at distance and you have to not throw an
interception and you have to not get
sacked Jacobi asks why aren't you
watching the bowl it'll be well let's
look at home I probably can't get home
we're gonna see if rich can get home to
finish watching the ball I is a jack I
just don't care about football I don't
watch the Super Bowl anyway so I'm just
doing a good long sports stream so we're
just doing it under Early's both stream
oh yeah I just want to stop playing now
okay yeah
if listen great we can stop anytime yeah
make that call good piece of tacklin
gained three yards on that play
current Super Bowl score is zero zero
great thank you
second down now okay here we go here we
go
lines up here
not even not even a little bit I saw
some that what what happened with yours
ears like glow it glowed and it said
perfect I don't know okay maybe maybe
leaving after the snap moving sure yeah
whatever you did you did it perfectly it
sounds nice when you don't know what you
did perfectly but we didn't perfectly
yeah I have some issues with this some
issues with this game okay here we go
but ah that was right there
clem Fandango has the real question
anyone know the score update with the
Puppy Bowl what are we doing at the
Puppy Bowl guys totally punting one
munch you guys know that I'm totally
punting
oh I did really funny I'm kind of
surprised Ashley yeah
you don't really care Wow
are you done kind of late at the end of
this corner sheriff or next touchdown
next session wins it out yeah sure next
touchdown wins it all sudden sudden
artificial death I like it I like do a
rich Evan starts his car stream it
starts it's driving in this weather
we're not set up for that kind of not
getting stuck I want to get stuck in the
snow three more times on the way home
I'm greater than I thought fucked up my
engine just driving her in the first
place
sure also we're not set up for that kind
of dream we don't have my camera with me
can't do it
- play Hey it's a good eye
I agree with that battle master The
Terminator reboot looks fucking
horrendous really a reboot looking
horrendous I can't imagine not all
reboots I'm bad I say not really having
anything to think of example of a good
reboot
I didn't sack the game the game sacks
I'm not doing anything right animus
primal says why can't rich use the space
cop car to get home technically I am you
know it doesn't fly right what but I've
seen it fly in the movies
turn down for what
here it is guys next touchdown wins I
have been secretly sandbag I've been
sandbagging the entire game just so rich
could agree to to a next touchdown
winner take all for the whole day for
the whole day so now I'm gonna get that
touchdown not even close
I didn't understand the plan I don't I
mean I
which seems like silly cuz you see all
the lines and you know where all the
lines are going but I don't know what
all the lines mean okay
I made one yard I've made one yard game
my running game is weak my passing game
also weak the ominous ringing Bell boom
oh I don't know I'm gonna have to do
boom I press the button again maybe the
pressing a button helps rich I thought
you didn't have to press any buttons
jack which is it I don't know I just
missing buttons and the key it keeps
working I think we're kind of getting
ready to wrap up soon thank you for
showing up everybody I hope I hope you
enjoyed this one time only you're
streaming early afternoon stream right
early afternoon to early evening the
afternoon I guess we started late
yesterday I wasn't really early early
yeah after gives proper after yeah it
was an afternoon streamed and I think
it's Emily it was fine for me a little
early for rich oh this is helpful
that was great houseful having to borrow
them or I don't know how that I can do
that again it'll be good for them for
the rest of this game their confidence
the confidence yeah yeah yeah
oh no I ran out of time oh wait it's -
it's just the third okay everything's
fine everything's fine very concerned
all right guys here's it he's for
everything guys
for everything
boom boom Shakalaka boom Shakalaka we do
need a big play I agree we need to pick
lay here guys
okay here we go here we go jacket rich
when will you be starting tonight's
American stream yeah all right we're
done we're done I'm taking Mike horn
back from your control give it to me no
oh wait wait
there's a penalty I'm gonna decline the
penalty oh that's good that's good good
night good night everybody thank you
everyone for coming out thank you to all
the new subscribers all of you crazy
subscribers this this afternoon that was
so great thank you to all the old
subscribers and thanks for everyone else
watching us play sports game rich and I
are definitely out of our comfort zones
tonight yeah but it was very fun and
even though Denver won Jack really won
that's that's the real key good night
everybody also just to make sure
everyone knows we will not be streaming
tonight we will not be doing an American
stream today because we did that should
be pretty obvious different but but uh
Oh Jack before you go could you put the
streams into playlists on YouTube yes
all of our streams are on the stream
playlists on YouTube so I do already
good you want specific nights
Oh like individual playlists
