BloodBjörn - Hack & a Half (Part 3)
March 29, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r5p1I2f_RB8

into you I don't want to be even by that
dickheaded with the machine-gun anymore
here the spiral staircase well I don't
think the chat understands what
steampunk is they really don't think
anymore they they see anything I think
people see anything old-time you know
and because steampunk was recently a
thing they just see good steampunk mm no
that's not true no no steampunk as a as
a steamy aesthetic to it oh okay I
remember that rich what is your double
you had about me my my my WC hat that
I'm always wearing that's uh from a
independent league baseball team that
back when I was still in the Chicago
area they used to play like five minutes
from my house I went to games all the
time
the Windy City Thunderbolts yes rich is
a fan of minor-league baseball
I am it's fun to go to minor-league game
specifically because you get a great
seats cheap it's not like you're
watching it from the mountaintop right
you're sometimes close enough to hear
what fuck people on the field are saying
I was sitting close enough once we were
we were heckling a guy on the other team
and he he definitely heard it because he
just turned around and glared at me okay
I'm now near the spire but you know I
was I was being a baseball troll so that
that just kind of made me smile you did
your job I did my job yes
I see there's a lantern over here but I
can't open that door you know like
they're very good in this game about
like use of light you know like if you
see a bright light usually it means
something I thought the Chicago White
Sox for Chicago's minor-league team well
you know the White Sox have won a World
Series like within the last decade
unlike the Cubs who haven't won a World
Series in the last century so I think we
know who the real minor-league team in
Chicago is you would think this would
lead somewhere Oh oh it does Oh oh I'm a
big dumb dummy thank you okay all right
this looks ominous all right all right
all right I'm scared I'm back to being
scared I found where he should be
oh okay I'm about to hit a boss area
because I did a little even though I'm
an offline only mode a note came up I'm
in offline mode and the note was like
hey heads up heads up dickweed this is
about to get real I might lose 12,000
blood echoes yes Chad I am confirmed for
South Sider South Side South Sider so
Satan's
this isn't like apple cider jack you
sell SATA that's that's New York
we're Boston buzz
what are you doing over South Sider the
South Sider I ran into fire rich I know
you're in here
my job is to kill oh yeah
there is a giant thing that's about to
happen I'm sure rich and I just want to
prepare you I want to prepare everyone
for me you know possibly screaming like
a little girl
or just being very silent while I
concentrate that's more likely I kind of
want to use the Beast blood pellet okay
yeah there's the thing here's the thing
there's a thing at the end of this
hallway this is creepy as shit
and what else do I have
oh I don't oh I have finer paper okay
I'm probably gonna need my fire paper
what is that monster the southside of
Chicago is the working-class side of
Chicago and the the north side is the
snooty jerk ass side is the north side
this dude a jerk a side yes oh my god
kind of kind of made of delusional -
especially when it comes to the other
cops yeah every year they think they're
gonna do it century there's been there's
been over 100 World Series between now
and the last time it comes o over 100
that's that's counting the strike gear
where they didn't have one
that's a long drop yeah
I know I'm not using my gun because I'm
still not really comfortable with it and
I don't know this guy's attacks yet so I
don't know when I don't know what the
slow attack is versus the not slow
attack oh you fucking kill me
dov'è says rich all the steroids in the
world couldn't help the Cubs that's
right just ask sammy sosa hmm
steroids and bad steroids in what quark
bad quarks been oh did he really yeah
you got caught with a quark bat what a
dickhead what a dick in which which is
stupid because not only is it legal I've
I've heard that it doesn't even work
it's just a myth I believe that it
actually makes you hit worse because it
makes the bat weaker oh that drew yeah
this is what I've heard that's
Nadia's way behind him mr. Shia miles
says I actually did rather well for my
first time fighting that monster well
thank the theory with the quark bad for
people asking in the chat is that it it
makes the bat a little bit lighter and
you could in theory swing it faster yeah
but but I believe actually the fact that
the bats a little bit hollow ultimately
hurts your power that would make sense
yes yeah I'm gonna use one of my little
and and if you use one there they're
more fragile so it just needs to break
once and you're embarrassed as fuck yeah
I think you'd have to be some kind of
idiot so here's the super great thing
about this game is because I spent all
that time kind of walking around and
exploring now my path to that big boss
is there's a lot easier I'm already at
the spiral staircase I think I have some
werewolves to fight did you lose those
twelve thousand yeah you know what Big
Damn sorry oh no you know what that
happens and if I want if I beat the big
guy this time I get them all back okay
you probably should I mean this isn't
just not gonna happen
no no it's not gonna happen but I'm just
gonna write back I'm a dream to try to
fight him again I'm gonna try to find
monstro again who that creep yes look at
that spider thing it runs away from you
which makes me want to hit it more oh my
god he has three bloodstone yards oh my
god
well I needed those things are hard to
come by I know this is very dark souls
now now that I've been here once you
know it has the nightmare fog collecting
dudas his white quark you bat when there
are steroids
well didn't stop sammy sosa he did both
what do we think of medical marijuana I
don't give a shit look I'm not a user
III what I call it straight edge is yeah
yeah you're a straight edge as they come
I'm not I'm not like preachy about it
just personally I'm uncomfortable with
anything that's going to alter my brain
right in any way shape or form the whole
idea just makes me squeamish you know
but I I've always figured that if
alcohols gonna be legal I don't I don't
know that there's a really good reason
that marijuana should do yeah
so as a non-user I actually fully
support legalization
what's wrong with your face
thank you we're gonna subscribe it we
really appreciate it
it's true we do I'm using a blood beast
palette I don't think it did anything
there's nothing it did anything I know I
don't drink
and I don't get uptight when people
around me do which is it's just not
something I do right
oh my god I just did the super counter
to the thing oh my god oh my god I got
so excited by the super counter that yes
I I have her Penn Jillette is the same
way two drunks who doesn't drink or what
not either all right keep losing click
on
what cjr 201 he says oh my god jack what
I'm trying I'm trying to fight the guy
did you did you die yeah I mean of
course yeah of course I did I did I got
I got yours your echoes back I see that
I did get my found my echoes you know I
dropped my echo so I picked him up so
now the echo should be there again
because I picked him up again
yes but I got a I got very excitable
because I got um I got a counter on him
mm-hmm
I got a counter and so I was I was I
kept trying to get a counter again and I
just I I lost it I lost it that's all
right that's all right that's all right
you know what we're gonna try again we
can get there relatively fast with with
few fights I don't even think I need to
fight this dude go right past him
Oreo Speedwagon though does says he was
proud of you for countering him yeah
thanks I I'm legit working on it that is
a thing I'm I'm trying to get good as
the kids say and and for the record you
know there is still a blanket tight
around my head holding on my my
headphones I had loved that that is
still a thing that is happening there's
no why is there a I mean I needed to
grab something to tie it on with and you
only have a blanket that's the way you
see if someone there knows what the
blood beast palette does cuz I don't
think it did anything what what well I'm
saying you you read okay the chat okay
and see if you can find out if it does
anything just use tape rips yeah yeah I
want to hold on to what little hair I
have
monster Jack that last fight you were
poisoned who should equip antidotes and
paste that happens oh oh he does like a
dash attack and it makes you like lose
your walk
but the blood beast poet summons the
knight beast summons the knight peace
blood this gives you a free ride to
space mama you dick what what beast
increases the debt increases damage the
more you do hits the more you do hit I'm
assuming every hit you get you damage
goes out this is what that sounds like -
okay oh fuck oh oh I'm poisoned okay
oh I get okay blood these pull up
increases your damage but reduces your
defense Oh
Oh oh my god how to out the poison oh
okay okay okay what do you think of the
circumcision it sounds stupid
like most religious practices joke on my
water at sorry I didn't think we'd get
into circumcision tonight okay mr. shy
smile I see now I see now about the the
poison thing oh pardon me everybody also
how about that Indiana hmm good for them
Oh God did you see today the guy the
governor started back steps why the law
huh they're gonna clarify the law
started back seven it's like fuckin Mass
Effect 3 all over again no this is a
terrible idea you have to change well
we're gonna clarify it more yeah cuz
that works
okay hmm all right I have antidote
equipped now antidote ready to go I need
to do this soon because or else I need
to I'll need to go through the level
again to look for blood urns because I
only have five blood urns left I think I
can take him with five blood urns but
anything less than that and it's gonna
be tough just cuz I have a werewolf to
fight in between you know that's the
real thing
rich honest question do you hate all
religion no I don't hate on religion
like my fiance goes to church I don't
hate all religion but I do believe we'd
be better off without anything
I know honest I honestly believe as a
species we'd be we'd be better off
without it but I don't know I don't
think it's going anywhere anytime soon I
don't think it's all harmful but I don't
know that it's ever really especially
beneficial either so it's just kind of
useless at best yeah I know sorry
useless and bad useless at best I think
that's fair and you know more
importantly is you know like I think as
I've stated before where it's like if
you're not doing anything to anyone else
you you get to do whatever the hell you
want that's the great thing about
America in general yeah is you know
you're not you're not messing with my
Dingle I won't I won't mess with your
dangle that's how it works all right I
have the antidote I'm going you useless
at best at worst you kill a bunch of
people because they they drew your idols
no I think I think the cons outweigh the
pluses with religion but
okay got my blood I goes back
there's this thing and it makes me lose
my lock and I hate that
you just kill people - I'm sure they do
look I'm not I'm not endorsing any
religion over the other I'm here saying
I wish it was all gone all of it yes yes
not the right time to use again not the
right time to use the gun trying to
remember the full quote I just wouldn't
remember the end of the quote is but but
you need religion to get a good person
to do bad things
religion serves a purpose is it acts as
a kind of philosophy for the masses you
can still have philosophy without
religion yeah yeah you can by the way if
you got rid of the religion part of it
you know you would have you just have
really good stories you would have you
would just you would have moral tales
yeah
morality tales what do I see there I I
don't think you need religion for
morality at all because don't just I
have I have never been a strong believer
you know when I was a kid the family was
religious and I want the church but from
the moment I could think I kind of
started almost immediately dismissing
the concepts yeah and you've seen me
jack
I will go out of my way not to swat a
fly that's in the room which is weird
enough grab a cup and a piece of paper
and I will trap the flying to come and
bring it outside you know I don't need
morality for religion right hold on we
missed a subscriber darkstorm
forty or morality I said that backwards
completely ruined what I was saying
idiot you know what I mean god damn it
rich is on the thing right now just do
anything right now
someone put someone pushed the right
button tonight
doop doop doop do that I do that with
not as odd as your slowly pouring see I
think it's an atheist that that actually
makes me more more sensitive to the
suffering of others because when
somebody dies when something dies no it
doesn't go to a magical place where it's
happy forever and ever right it's gone I
think I think it makes life and
respecting life all that much more
meaningful when you're not a believer I
agree
by the way that doesn't help me I need
to farm I need to farm I don't
necessarily want to farm we're gonna
give this guy one more try I ran out of
I ran out of make your sword go on fire
paper
which hurts krieger 783 says religion is
still evolving let's not pretend like
it's a thing that is said and done it's
it's evolving but the way it's evolving
is that it's getting weaker I mean there
there are less believers there are less
fundamentalist which less fundamentalist
that's always a good thing
fundamentalist anything you take any
philosophy to it to its extreme I think
you're gonna end up the problems we were
just religious or not yes yes
extremes are bad yes you you you fight
that monster Jack like fighting I got my
I got my blood echoes back that's all
that really matters rich rich what do
you think of Pig fucking is is it
consensual for the pig because because
if it is kind of disgusting but I don't
give a shit Pig can't an animal can't
consent second floor second floor
I think I got really liked I think he
actually glitched out Stalin was godless
too yes as I said any any any form of
extremism political or religious usually
leads to bad things Stalin was godless
and Hitler was a Christian look the
far-left lead you to Stalin the
far-right leads you to Hitler you're
you're fucked either way fuck fuck fuck
fuck okay okay here's the thing I hate
your quick your quick selection thing I
clicked the wrong button in the quick
selection thing and couldn't use my
antidote because I kept clicking to the
different things
shadowy elite 5 says rich I'm a
scientist
I don't hate religion I think we can all
agree that it's stupidness of the people
that is the issue not not the religion
in general yeah but without without the
religion you you get rid of a lot of the
excuse making for stupidity
you you you take out the stupid reasons
to not not teach science and schools
yeah yeah suddenly suddenly because my
book says so is is not not a reason to
be stupid
I said my fiancee goes Church for church
does lots of good things for people I'm
not I'm not trying to sound like I hate
all religion I I I definitely do hate in
fact yeah fundamentalist you said
fundamentalists are terrible explicitly
that you don't hate yeah okay so by the
way if I go into the hunters dream now
if I go into the hunters dream I lose my
drops blood echoes right
what so I died yeah and you know my
blood echoes are now dropped in the
chamber with a giant beast yeah that's
that's your first prayer listen listen
to me so if I saw that I'm back at the
lantern right yeah and if I go into the
hunters dream to like you know get more
health potions I lose the option to pick
up my dropped blood echoes if you use
health potions oh if you go to pick more
up if I know no if I go into the hunters
dream the hunters dream is the place we
know where you can level up it I don't
know I would assume yes is there anyone
can you leave that room once you're in
could you grab the blood echoes leave
and then go to the hunters realm I don't
believe so
go vote right try try going into the
room grab the essence then use that that
hunters mask and see if that will do the
trick
oh I would I would do that before I try
to go to the hunters room first
sure yeah my my issue is I'm all I'm all
out of health potions well mister shy
smile says no your money will still be
there Jack echoes will still be there
but the only way to ever get the echos
oh okay but they will still be there I'm
saying this this could be resistance
resistance mr. shine smile is a mod so
I'm at Gabby's we only trust the mods we
don't trust anybody else okay no and you
know what everybody else is saying that
they'll be there as long as I don't
died okay okay so then I'm going into
the hunters dream so I can stock up on
health potions and stuff as long as you
don't die I'll have to sell stone oh no
I have health potions in my inventory
okay okay which is right
wait which is right about what Bruce is
right about you guys fucking with me I
don't know
mailman Tommy thank you for subscribing
all right no I know how it's right
picking it up and using the mask first
better safe than sorry though you might
die before you pick it up about the
potions that's what I'm worried about
and so it's like I want to go people are
saying I'm right now you're right about
what this person
mr. shy smile even took it back so wait
don't go into the hunters dream don't go
into the hunters dream don't go into the
hunters dream
you already did didn't you no no I did
not okay
okay I so I I will lose my echos okay
yes you guys okay alright well so yeah
this is why why are the Nazis not
left-wing no because they are they were
the corporate fascist industry I don't
think the Nazis socialist in name only I
think why are we going down this path
isn't there something more fun we can
talk about also okay blood final great
if I can just grab a couple blood vials
I think I can do better fighting mr.
monster oh oh I can use the mask rich is
right you can use the masks to jump out
of the room yes I know the Nazis were
they call themselves the National
Socialists but but but how many how many
dictators you know call themselves
democracy the People's Democratic
Republic of China would like to have a
word with you nice rich excellent
example
excellent example leads okay I have one
health potion one half potion will at
least get me in there I'll equip a mask
thingy Deeley all right like quick Bowl
doctor's mask awakened a new without
losing blood echoes okay great yeah cuz
then I'll grab those blood echoes do a
quick level up and then and then go
fight okay alright okay we have a plan
oh good good we have a plan I have the
bold hunter's mask equipped it is a
button press away grab the deals go to
the things I'm confusing it with the
Democratic People's Republic of Korea
that's that's quite sure either way
steps
fight one way of so many blood stone
shards by the way this werewolf give me
one I almost want to farm this werewolf
he gives me one bloodstone shard every
single time what well well I know that
with amended knocks being back in the
the news it's it's certainly not Italy
what I would love to go to Japan I think
Japan Japan is so is so different that I
would love to go to Japan that's on my
list and I've been some weird places but
Japan what I think would be great if I
were to go anywhere any foreign country
hey I know English is pretty common so
it's for the most part not an issue
everybody and I'd like to have some kind
of ease of communicating with locals and
whatnot sure
get that over here right maybe like
Britain England er Ireland or something
oh it takes a while to to reawaken so I
need to like hide from the monster while
I really cool previously recorded live
is not previously recorded
congratulations you get the joke man
really that's great that's great
um okay great now I can go to hundreds
about doing it also Australia I would
love to go to Australia
wouldn't you think sure sure I'm not I'm
not big on travel and vacations what sit
down and maybe maybe catch up on some TV
shows you crazy that's crazy
no it's it's a some Mount Rushmore once
I got there I was like big fucking deal
well yeah there's a tiny heads and rocks
it's much smaller than you think it is
but like you know you go someplace and
you see castles or you go someplace and
you get to feed a jeraf it's ooh it's
it's experience about some dirty old
castle life experiences is what you
should care about okay let's see what
can happen here
oh that's why so by the way so I've
upgraded my soft spear so much now that
I need something called a twin
bloodstone in order to upgrade it
anymore okay
I can't use those but I have a million
bazillion bloodstone shards to upgrade
my pistols so that's really nice indeed
so I will upgrade my pistol and my
blunderbuss I should probably should go
to any place or time where would you go
mmm-hmm now I don't I don't like that I
don't like place for time just because
it's like these nothing that's not gonna
happen
as never okay fine wait I'm sorry wait
wait have fun yeah no you're right that
was that was a killjoy
that was killjoy with me not the Roman
Empire I'd be curious to visit Rome at
its height now yep
maybe I don't know wouldn't want to see
a dinosaur any any place your time I
wouldn't want to know you know oh yes
thank you mister try a smile I know I
have a cold blood do so I don't need to
sell any items you're correct the big
bang you get you get to go back a time
and CSUN since nothing went out without
affecting future events
sure one to watch I wouldn't want to be
on the planet when it happened but the
formation of the moon that would be
fuckin badass yeah you do know what the
story behind it is how science thinks
the moon was formed yeah a planet bashed
into Earth something about the size of
Mars yeah and and the resulting crash
created the moon they say they crashed
into each other and the moon got caught
in the gravitational pull created by the
smash yes you could go to the future in
this scenario - yes yeah okay you know
what I would do that I would love to see
what's what's gonna happen later to see
beyond my years
would be awesome what if it was really
depressing well I mean and then you
would know then you know what just to
end it now because it's never gonna get
any credit what if what if what if what
if World War 3 happens shortly after you
died
you know if we'll three happen shortly
after I died no I I think I think my
opinion on that would be good timing
right more health what do I do here I
can I can basically upgrade two things
and actually you know what I could
probably do my cold blood to it I might
be able to upgrade three things Thank
You creepy lady I will try to find my
words in the waking world
kilroy mix spunk says where he would
like to go yeah see if just equality
1969 and welcome Neil Armstrong and for
you Kilroy mix bunk would you dress up
like a moon man would you dress up like
the bear what outfit would you wear
that's it Mike and I don't hear like
assuming you know you can be on the moon
without any special devices right
because this is a brave yeah I would I
would wear a suit I would not wear like
a like an aluminum foil suit I would
just wear a really nice suit because I
think that would freak them out the most
it's just wearing normal clothes you
know like I would look nice because you
know you're meeting Neil Armstrong and
Buzz Aldrin like near you know these are
these are important people so it's going
too far to be wearing like an obviously
fake rubber alien no I'm just saying for
me personally because I would want them
totally bugged out you know you wouldn't
want to dress up like a gorilla
interrupted alien no because I think
like they would see the costume right
away inspect why are you wearing a cost
okay I can now upgrade three things rich
okay Killroy mix bunk says he dressed up
like a Russian and say B jeah that's
great well you know that could be
dangerous cuz then then you know like
Buzz Aldrin might beat you to death and
bury your body under some moon rocks I
think you're taking your life in your
hands dressing up cosmonaut there that's
really funny okay rich I have some
decisions to make and I need you to talk
talk through them with me so I have
three upgrades to make okay people talk
about things they'd like to change nah
man this is that's not that's not the
point this is just what would you like
division rich if I could affect the
outcome of things I would go back into
the past and give myself winning lottery
numbers sure that's the last fun
discussion yes I agree I agree saying
resistance tell him to fuck off Jack
says fuck off I could if I if I level up
all of my endurance it it bolsters my
defense it bolsters poison resistance it
poisons it bolsters rapid poison
resistance right or I could use all
three points and upgrade vitality three
times and I get a bigger health bar and
more defense all right put it all in
strength and I get stronger and more
defence I don't know right
right I don't know either 40-foot
walruses vitality is always a pretty
safe bet otherwise upgrade strength yeah
or skill based on what your weapon of
choice skills with best yeah like I I
spent some time upgrading some skill to
get that that revolver that I'm not
using anymore yeah and so I get my
skills fine so I'm gonna put two points
in strength and one point in endurance
which bolsters my defense bolsters my
poison resistance ups my attack and ups
my stamina in general ok telegin wants
to know who my favorite dictator is any
of the dead ones
okay all right okay I'm doing this to in
strength wanted endurance is what I did
okay okay so now what items doing we
don't need the masks anymore mole tops
multiple cocktails lots and lots of
multiple cocktails
that's all we need all the balls and
danced oh great the workshop we were a
pair
yo god yeah the saw needs to be repaired
great great saw is repaired
we can't four to five but I got some
more blood Jim yeah I know you just beat
that boss Jack I'm that's all I'm
working on is beating that boss and so I
actually I had a I had a gem affixed to
my gun that I think would better serve
my blade ups the attack of the blade and
boosts rally potential and I don't
necessarily know what that means but oh
there's a gem that reduces stamina cost
trying to take one point a two-cent
attack yeah well I just want a regular
attack okay great okay great now I'm
ready to feed that boss I that's my goal
for tonight what time is it
it's 11:30 yeah I can do this I can do
this so my goal for tonight is just to
beat this boss
one more any other after this I'm
getting something to eat
okay after this after this failed
attempt hey now it's really quite
possible actually you know what but I'm
gonna untie my blanket I need to go
preheat my oven
okay I'm gonna untie my blanket and take
my headset off no yeah why are you know
that well it did do something for my
kind it made my gun I was using that
weapon I was using that gem for my gun
because it made my guns attack more
powerful so I figured I would use my gun
more and I just never did it was a it
was a silly thing it was a silly thing
now the gem that boosts attack is on my
main weapon which I use more the time
baby is fine Hayden is oh listen figure
in it out
actually let's change this so that
here's what we're gonna do we're gonna
be smart about this we tie this blanket
to my head no I just want to press the
wrong place
right I'm failing I'm failing okay okay
now I have to button okay great
quick great here we go here we go here
we go here we go here we go here we go
here we go here we go here we go here we
go here we go so now there we go so the
idea behind that jet is I removed
everything unnecessary from my quick
select item menu so now I only have
antidotes and multiply tails so I won't
run into the problem I ran into last
time with all of the fumbling with my
quick selects menu okay that's the idea
anyway
see if I can beat this guy maybe he has
a blood thing with him check you can
hear me by the way right I can't thank
you can you you ain't I assume all so
you can hear me yeah yay I like it when
we hear each other I think it makes this
dream go a lot smoother like one more
earn one more blood earn dealy-bob
someone imagines I look like Quaid and
Total Recall right well you got to
remember this is not a towel this is a
blanket so there's a a long trail of
blanket material hanging down behind my
chair and a headset mic peeking up from
somewhere in this mess right great great
quickly we are good to go we are ready
to face the boss man ready to do it I'm
feeling I'm feeling good feeling good
feeling happy feeling great
I didn't tweet that we were doing this I
was really trying to get back I need to
remember to tweet when we stream a bit
late now
so we tweet them or a tweet that we're
almost done streaming what's one of
those things because like I told myself
today that I was really gonna remember
you know okay you usually forget let's
how does it not automatically do it when
we start a stream or no remote we turned
that feature off because we were happy
with dropping stream so often
mother mother
drone fighter
I've taken the weak man's way out of
this
that's fine why don't you find a way out
of this that's see that's that's my
justification I'm using the pillars to
kind of like hide from him you just need
to survive all the matters right
but when I use the pillars my lock on
hang back and use them all tubs until
you're out I want to save the maltose
for the second form oh there's a second
form oh my god
which hasn't been paid no I've been
paying attention to the chat you're
welcome right he is a third form I'm
sure I'm sure he has a third form okay
but I got to the second format time and
then and then I failed miserably but
that's okay what do you want to what
what do you want to I mean I want to I
want to beat this guy tonight okay
okay I don't know if it's gonna happen
we're gonna give it a couple more tries
we're gonna give it a couple more tries
why doesn't everybody care what I'm
cooking in the oven because he made a
thing about it mom I'm keeping that
secret it's certainly not a hitchhiker
severed head oh I don't know if anyone
thought it was but oh well good good
forget I said it's fine everything's
fine
I'm killing that guy because I want to
see if anything pops out of him by the
way cuz I'm like I used I used three
blood vials that time so if I can exact
guy drops the blood drop two blood vial
for me so that's good one of the things
if you if you level up it ups the chance
of enemies dropping an item after you
kill them okay just going right into it
right back into it back into it
someone's screaming at me it's fine
patch says you don't see too many
hitchhikers anymore what gives
well you certainly don't see too many
around here
I mean genius what what is nothing
fuck
fucking wicked attacks
fucking wicked you know I used to live
half a mile away from the the insane
asylum yeah
there was actually a nut house nearby
where I grew up okay
and always always eerie seeing the
science it said do not pick up
hitchhikers when you got close to the it
say sure I would imagine that do not do
not do you know where you are right now
okay I have kind of the cheapest tactic
and it's kind of working fucking lock on
rich any advice for someone undergoing a
penis reduction why why good god man
it was working
buck buck buck buck buck buck buck buck
buck buck buck buck buck buck buck
fuck fuck when you use an item it makes
you walk slower and so I got poison so I
used an antidote but fucking Mario Mario
I couldn't lock on it kept unlocking me
I know to lock on to the enemy but I
couldn't it unlocked me automatically
because of my cheap ass tactic of
walking around that that altar thing so
once more into the breach yeah
do you have enough Molotov cocktails to
make this work yeah I mean the most self
cocktails aren't even working you know
is you have any oil I have an oil but he
moves too fast I'm not even hitting him
with the cocktails is the issue we
should wait until right after he does a
big attack well I listen I know when I
should do it but usually after a big
attack I'm too busy healing myself to
throw a Molotov cocktail at him maybe
you need to jump out of the way in the
big attack oh no always animal I have to
do of course
you make it seem as if I don't know to
do that or or Jack yeah when is the big
attack yeah maybe use the blunderbuss Oh
apparently my reflexes are not quick
enough to do that this is just the thing
oh look BAM the blunderbuss and you're
bound to get it right listen I know what
to do the question is doing it or the
problem is doing
just scream at the wall here just screen
at the wall thing great got some files
yeah listen I know what to do the
problem is he has he has one major
attack where he kind of scrapes his hand
against the floor yeah right yeah that
and when he does that the blunderbuss
does nothing okay no affect his other
attacks are too fast like he doesn't
have his like slow down attack okay no
and you're right flush you patch I need
to wait until it says X and then push X
you okay
this is preferable to that yeah oh this
is telling me when I need to hit the
counter-attack button this skill
involved is hard but that's not
necessarily a bad thing no no this is a
this is a challenge that
jab I try and change it up a tactic a
little bit in here you pissed off plenty
ninja gaiden if nothing would everything
we're just nothing but button drops
it's like fucking bird one and that was
awful
but you fuck you
I'm lying it like mic my lock-on keeps
jumping off of them too which is just
something that's pissing me off I think
that has to do a distance
no no cuz like there are some times
where he's closed maybe just maybe it's
a line-of-sight thing it could be align
us that yeah it could be a mixture I'm
not I'm not saying it's a broken game
thing I'm saying it's something that's
happening and I'm upset about it
my new tactic is just like one strike
and run one strike and run one strike
somebody's is rolling towards the enemy
is a better idea not away okay maybe
you're close to getting some strikes
after the roller you say tactic do you
consider
oh I thought they meant rolled towards
him after I hate him huh q how did you
even hit me there okay here we go
now we're getting to the real stuff
how possible this is somebody else's
saying Jackie need to stay behind him
stay behind him I am just reading I'm
rose I know I know I know I'm trying to
figure it out run run run
background fuck breath
oh please it god fucking octave J says
eat plant which I don't even know what
the fuck that means I think reference
thank you like a.j I'm just well I just
watched you throw a Molotov cocktail
right into a pillar and you knew that's
what was going to happen but apparently
you chose to do that anyway listen
listen he was moving if you notice he
was moving out of the pillar and it you
know the multiply tail has a wind up
right and so I thought he was going to
move out of the pillar and I was gonna
hit him just right REO Speedwagon says
don't immediately run you can counter
hit him and he'll if you get behind get
behind what I I'm just reading I don't
know I don't know blown Eric on I don't
know why you're telling me that cuz
Jack's the one playing the game but he
says rich I thought you can heal with
your melee attacks
what Ede plant was from Space Quest okay
okay
Oh eat plant yes yeah thank you aren't
hurt
you aren't a very supportive life
partner for Jacqueline for what I'm not
his life partner for another one I'm
just giving him advice that you were
giving him yeah that's all I'm doing
which is mostly reading the chat which
yeah which is true is mostly unhelpful
it's it's useless for me to give him
real-time advice because what I'm
watching is on like a 30-second delay so
I could say no Jack you need to dive to
the side that's that's useless
information at that point all the
stubble says this is riveting commentary
well this is what you get this is what
we got it may not be the most riveting
yes this whole stream has been one level
yeah that's how these kind of games work
or we suck that much are we suck that
much
somebody else wants us to Google with
bloodborne sheets no I beat the last
ball I beat the last two bosses one
using pure skill one using pure cheap
tactics and a little bit of skill which
is a real thing I am going to attempt I
don't know if this is my last one or not
but I'm going to attempt on doing this
on my own using a mixture of skill and
cheap tactics Jack there are more
enemies around the burning crosses that
drop blood vials Oh let's see it there
we go you know that is helpful advice
that's right there were all these
enemies over here
I don't know if I'm pronouncing his name
right but Oh left turn zero left turn
only zero says not not doing nearly as
bad as I expected I'm their CEO some
confidence actually actually doing
really well to be honest oh so he or she
don't know thank you
hi you know I know you guys don't
believe me but I you know sometimes I'm
good at video games
I assume guys because I I assume those
girls have something better to do on a
Sunday night friends or a party or
something something girls do stuff right
I think so okay I got an extra blood
vial out of that guy we're the guys at
home but playing games with Cheetos
stained fingers that's that's everyone
here us included it's not a slight just
times just the facts yo
and then the facts come on you it's a
train 11 says girls watch this I know it
is fun I'm just fucking around
we got to try to have some kind of fun
here certainly certainly not code from
watch Jake play this game Nick
okay I am mr. sub drawing my girls
cheeto way to be a my last to the stream
thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate fuck oh I had oh
and you you probably are the last one of
the street yeah I he went into a second
floor
maybe attacked me and I hit him with the
blunderbuss and he walked right through
it through it and I gotta give up I
gotta give up
Paul Superman in Russia has a case of
the not gays yeah
yeah that's great he let everybody know
you know he has a wife he says he says I
have a wife
great now we know okay I have to give up
fridge vast chick to oil he really has
the not gays he says he has two wives
well they there you go hmm are you done
I got this way with the other boss the
boss that you haven't played yet for
anyone who knows play this game you know
is the big boss between the first and
this guy
I hit this point to where you know you
just you feel if you it gets you down
and I put it down and I came back later
at this point in the second box when we
talked this is where this is where I
started to grind and so it's like that's
that's the decision I have to make now
is whether or not I want to just go
through and clear out the level again
you know and get those 17,000 blood are
you are you are you even getting close
to one beating the boss no I haven't I
he I can get him to a second form pretty
easily I I feel like I'm making no
progress okay
where it's like I can get him to a
second form and as soon as he hits the
second form I flip out and I don't know
what to do and so I'm I'm not learning
from my mistakes and you know it's
getting late and so I just think I just
need to call it okay and I'm gonna give
the boss you know obviously I'm gonna
keep playing because because we have to
I I kind of want to play this myself now
so I and I know you're right it's not
grinding I need to figure out the
pattern I need to figure out well okay
which which I think is right like a me a
grinding would help me you know would
give me a little more defense it would
give me a little more attack but I need
to figure out what I'm missing
yeah and and there was there was a
moment that clicked with the second boss
where I was I just kept trying the same
tactic over and over again and then you
know but and then I figured it out it's
like oh here I here's what I'm missing
you know and so I and I'm it's too late
and I've been playing too long where I
can't see it right now
well well coming from somebody used to
live near an insane asylum you know
doing doing the same thing over and over
again and expecting a different result
is the definition of sanity it's one of
them and so so yeah that's the thing I'm
I'm not I'm not learning from my
mistakes co-op would help way more than
grinding yeah but I don't want to play
co-op I want I want to beat the monster
I don't want to beat the monster with a
friend fuck
and I want to beat the monster what do
you do you do it for this game isn't
popular anymore and you can't call on a
friend right you can do yourself
well guys are having a party at my
candle yeah can I can I take this
fucking like it off my head thank you
everyone thank you for coming out and
watching blood-borne a game I have
complicated feelings for thank you to
all the new subscribers thank you tell
the old subscribers and thank you to
everyone else for just coming out we
really do appreciate it and we might see
you on Wednesday we might not see you on
Wednesday
quick heads up just because of how
things are working this week but I will
we'll see you later no matter what good
night
