Death of the Party (Party Hard Part 2)
October 7, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UUDxSowHC9A

backyard dude well I guess why is the
one that and yes so he killed his
daughter
or the daughter is the killer yes
because he couldn't even ID'd the body
Rich's guy got some pretzels
pretzels I'm gonna party hard Richie's
gonna get some pretzels this music in
isn't nearly as good it's pretty cool
it's okay can you stab the horse and the
chickens
maybe oh look there's like a bar fight
happening inside I'm just gonna be over
here do anything with chickens now I
need a victim stabbed the horse I can't
stand the horse but I can like make it
kink oh I see so someone gets behind it
all right yeah there yeah I care the guy
with a horse the perfect crime I'm just
gonna be over here partying with these
dudes casual there's a good one right
way whole bit about casual horses okay
it's not bit about casual horses it's
pretty good it sounds like it sounds
amazing I'm not doing it I'm sorry I
missed it it's a reference to when we
stream middle girl I snuck by two guards
by hanging off the side of a horse I'm
just horse walked by them oh just this
horse with one leg draped over it didn't
see anything suspicious about the worse
let's just say - yours just casual is it
why is that fire yeah oh there's nobody
in the room won't do you any good
Wow suck it yeah oh you can poison the
food I can poison the food this is
fuckin poison bucket we're in the main
party room there's a poison bucket yeah
nice poisonous shit one of you bows
points for the fireman killing the fire
yep oh yeah those people with the green
over their head they're poisoned yay I
did it where are you right now it's hard
to keep track when you're not you right
by the garage
oh there you oh that's candy all right
no wait how did I get into arrest
you're probably too close to a body when
a cop walked by Oh son of a beyotch
busted oh I didn't party hard enough
can't we still shout out subs we just
cluster them together now so we're not
constantly yelling out names
interrupting the stream every 30 seconds
yep actually I wish it were every 30
seconds wouldn't that be amazing
yes we found a much more efficient way
is that how other streams do it did they
cluster them together no other streams
streams casuals stay away from bodies do
it as they come there's a bear oh that's
how do you dance
dude dude dude
I guess yeah that's just the streams
that I saw like the screams that I've
seen they shout them out as they come
now does the dance button does that
actually do anything what effect does
that have - all tired and say I am well
aware of quake for love quake 4 there's
some there's some body horror and quake
forums the body horror wake for quake 4
wait the aliens in Clint for quick they
they make new soldiers by taking people
and kind of making cyborgs out of them
and they turn them into their own
soldiers and there's this plot twist in
quake 4 where you get kind of caught and
you're on this conveyor belt and like
machines chop off your legs shove like
spikes in your brain that might ships in
there and you're on the assembly line so
you see what happens to the person in
front of you oh nice
oopsie doops these seem to have gotten
run over spoiler alert quake 4 is like a
7 years old it's old
have you ever played it but now it's
your fault
yeah God what is the limit on spoilers 7
years I'm gonna say that's a I'd say sup
yeah I would say 7 years is fine but
when do you say like it's still
questionable a year two years I think
after a year three definitely three okay
yeah I would say three sounds like a
good cut off it's over three years old
spoilers are fine yeah Tiberius Kirk is
only putting two months - well that's
ridiculous
I think if it's if it's before if it's
within a year your movie your movie
might not even be released in and
whatever country you're in two months
after it came out somewhere else that's
true if it's if it's under a year then
you need to give the warning like a
spoiler warning after after you know
still you know if it's a popular thing
give us boiler warning but you know it's
fine I think after a year
near anybody I was still in film school
when the $0.06 came out okay I hadn't
seen it yet and this is of course before
the end I mean the internet was the
thing but it wasn't like constantly
being bombarded with information the way
you are now sure oh nice oh I did not no
not nice enough I did not know the
twists and one of my thumb professors
gave it away in class I was like you're
a film teacher of all people you should
not be given the shit away it's still in
theaters right trigger you limited very
limited stamina I think you're fucked
nope oh lucky ass lucky ass motherfucker
yep I don't know what I just did but I
there was a suitcase and I pressed Y in
front of it now I have a thing what is
that thing what is this thing right you
don't know I didn't do it before look
you know as much as I do at this point
true that Oh how's that dickhead that
called the cops on me no I guess you're
getting stabbed it quick for was
released in 2005 so ten years oh then
you're fine yeah you're fine it's really
been ten fucking years Jesus Christ I
just give me an older and older and
older never ends oh shit yourself no I
figured I just planted a trap
oh I planted a bomb is there anyone near
the bomb I picked up a bomb rich how'd
you put in the middle of the dance floor
nobody I didn't know what I was doing so
I just dropped it in the middle of
nowhere oh wow didn't kill anybody
I'm gonna kill this guy yep cops about
no he's gonna hide bodies huh you can
hide bodies fucking bodies I'll just
hide behind this Shack here look I got a
mess shit they can't give me what I'm in
my shit
see this guy see Wolverine over here
fucking stabbed the Mel Vereen yep see
you around
yeah what do you think this game now yes
Ari no no no really sold yet but yeah
it's the table oh you can we go Hilda
baby else they're sleeping let's see you
kill I think you kill the pig first
don't now whatever it was and then he
killed some eels okay we have left we
have three people left two people on the
dance floor and the guitar player oh no
we have four people left oh yeah there's
someone by the bookshelf might be able
to get the one on the bottom let's see
if I can mess with any of this stuff
here can't mess with the gun can't mess
with the gun
I think actually I can get this guy I
think there was like a line of sight
thing like if their back is turning yeah
oh that's not a guy it's hard to tell
what's gotta be I think I don't think
you were what that's not a guy what is
that then hey that looks like a person
could be a glitch interesting all right
biker party ticket yeah nice this word
we're calling this a spooky game because
your players you're stabbing pierced at
parties yeah I'd be spooked if I wasn't
partying people against mm-hmm I would
not keep dancing would you be super
spooked I would be super spin great is a
superior killer to rich yeah
hey Jack got to see me work out all of
the kicks that is true that is very true
Jay have you ever seen Valerie and her
wonders a week of wonders I don't know
what it is no idea what those yeah
Valerie and her week of wonders is a
movie it is a what was it someone
someone tweeted that out at us today and
it's like a Croatian it's like a 70s
Croatian
what do you call it alright I'll reach
people in that pool there's gonna be
I've never heard of it
some kind of electrical signal someone
shared it and they they make a lot of
they made a little video about it making
a lot of visual comparisons with the
bloodborne universe now cuz it's this
young girl who's like going through
puberty and the whole movies a metaphor
for her coming into womanhood but it's
all like a very like religious town it
looks really cool looks really creepy
but it looks like there apparently
there's no blood and gore like in
blood-borne okay but everything's like
old religious check us a blocking thank
you Oh Lord Belmont I think you were the
one who made the video
it's a Czechoslovakian art house blanket
oh my god they're robbing the bank
what is great they're robbing the place
that's right oh it's a casino you're in
Vegas I get it
public enemy 11 rich and I well why is
he beating me up
who the guy Oh busted I don't know that
happened to me once to where I got beat
up for some reason rich and I probably
won't talk about the the ending of Metal
Gear Solid 5 just because that's
relatively new and we don't want to
spoil it going back to spoilers am going
back to spoilers the short version is
like every other literally every other
aspect of that story we think it's utter
bullshit the mobster doesn't think
anything of it a car just ran over half
is that crowd and look at this look at
this sorry
stripper over here oh that's sad can you
make it rain and then kill her no so she
can go out thinking she's worth
something I think we're sand that is the
guy in the pool all by himself
that's sad I think he's a butler
well now the butler went in there was
there was someone else in there but yeah
now there's someone else no that's a
fine they have just make the cop run
long enough
yep that's a second
what are the exclamation points over
some people's heads mean there are
panicked how can they see something that
I see type here's Kirk says game
spoilers I'd set a six-month limit
movies two months TVs three weeks oh my
god that's crazy town that's now that's
too quick especially with Netflix and
people you know discovering shows for
the first time all those shows yeah
exactly
wait what happened it just saw me set
the train oh you got you can do it don't
give up
believe in yourself stab believe in your
dreams stab all the people
alright alright here we go again dude
once more into the breach wait why does
it pick me up who the bouncer maybe
you're not allowed in maybe you just
can't go in that way
I've gone in that way before it seems
try stabbing the bouncer yeah yeah he's
kicking your ass how did I get in before
was he distracted by something me maybe
that could be interesting just stab him
yeah yeah we're gonna have to get rid of
bouncer there's nobody out there right
now I think you can get in now cuz
there's no line you know it's Baxter oh
there you go okay figured it out oh also
quick update oh no he's gonna kick your
ass I'll kick your own I gave up
everyone everyone in this universe is
just very lazy they don't want to
investigate too hard they don't want to
chase criminals they don't want to stop
dancing I'm fine with that I'd like to
give a quick update on my binding of
issac real platinum god run and that's a
care of the fucker bouncer nice I did
get a level four Super Meat Boy and
level four bandage girl okay that was
the thing I was trying to do on my
binding of issac stream I found a really
crazy way to do it thank you whoever
runs the movie Dick's Twitter for
sending me that that a leak too strap by
the way but apparently there is a bug in
the PlayStation 4 Vita version of vine
oh so you did it on a bug no no no so I
why is everybody oh man just walk that
way it seems random give I am sorry
not when they beat me up now you're fine
you find everything
no the the achievement didn't pop is the
problem
and so even though I got the achievement
it doesn't show it in the game that I
got the achievement and I don't know if
there's a way to fix it and it's really
frustrating see you're like fucked fart
if I don't get that achievement I can
110 percent the game and I have it it
shows up that I haven't but it didn't it
didn't pop in game and you need it all
of them to pop in order to get a hundred
and ten percent complete and it's very a
set whole Kogan where we're here where
are you yeah I don't even know where
you're right guy just stabbed give me a
quadrant like the kitchen it wasn't the
kitchen well if he stabbed him then now
he can't see I know I know he was all
alone there's a kitchen I have to stab
him oh there's the kitchen yeah
dude so what you're saying is you didn't
actually do it that's the that's the
upsetting part I said and I looked
online and there was this weird fix that
people were doing oh that leaves I
thought that was a hidey hole where I
didn't do what I thought it did okay we
have to like upload your save file to a
cloud delete the game reinstall the game
and the download to save found good some
people are saying sometimes you have to
do like three or four times but it works
and I've done it like a dozen times and
it hasn't popped yet so I sent a message
off to the developer my life is
worthless without this you know it's
something I'm working towards I
understand it is it is oh is this this
is a band playing oh you have to kill
all the band eventually yes
Oh Mario is here again be careful yeah
song that's right to Buick skirt this is
now my like third PlayStation game
glitch that might not ever be fixed fuck
up this this weighs heavily on on how I
recommend people purchase their games I
love my Vita only one I'm the only one
oh yeah fucking you over who has ever
purchased a Vita and they keep fuckin me
out or but I keep loving it
where are you oh they are on the dance
oh there you are you're on the dance
floor torture biscuits as the cloud
thing fix it for me I'm Evita - I guess
I'll keep trying that torture biscuit I
need him to pop that was a cop right
there
it's not looking right to that power to
get you oh my god oh my god you're just
stabbing people one by one oh god I got
away with that really yeah yeah yeah
everyone yep I saw me one at a time I
stabbed them one at a time
well done well done
that was great
congratulations I'm just gonna hide out
here for a bit
is there anything in the vault that you
could like sabotage to distract people
Oh see you ever I think now you have a
sword okay now I'm a ninja yeah oh now
I'm at stage
oh that's a good stage oh there's Mario
so what fuck him he can kick your ass
I have a sword now can you can you beat
him I'm gonna say yes okay nobody saw
that nobody's watching the bacon Oh nope
there goes someone saw you
nice oh you have the you see you see
okay you see
oh you escaped you didn't do do
you got this rich yeah you have got this
there are still so many people here
though oh god run I like that strategy
the fucking I've been made of the staff
everyone yeah
Oh a nice there's a sleeper over there
set another Mario that is another Mario
looking he's pissed he's the one that
fixes things he fixes things or he he
he's sealed the exit oh I'm interested
Oh cuz I said every time you evade a cop
it gets harder yeah okay oh my dear
Mario the fixer dude you I'm just in the
back well cop don't bother mames in the
vault
well thanks cam 1669 we're glad that you
had fun watching the rocket League
stream even though you didn't play we
had a lot of fun with that too we hope
everyone enjoyed it
it's an amazing stream amazing mmm
Lemay's we try to have some fun here
every once in a while we can't have fun
every day you know this Sunday's a
series like this you know this is super
spooky and serious that Dracula that is
Drago I already killed Ronald McDonald
all you have to he's killed so many what
oh you missed him oh god oh god I gotta
have it
nope I wonder if everyone is like
supposed to be someone else you know
like there's Ronald McDonald dude
there's Dracula I wonder if everyone's
got a model against someone
yeah I'm sorry did you just kill a cop
yep nice rich nice I can't even believe
that was possible why did the there's
traffic there
oh you can only kill couch with trap
okay I don't think you're using your
sword why are you using your sword I
forgot how I think I pressed like the
one of it every one of the triggers use
could just mean it's more power from the
knife or whatever it's fine it's all
fine
press the left trigger or one of the
buffers maybe there you go
look at that look at that then you get I
got like a hacky knife it kills
everybody one hit as it is I'm not sure
what it's doing for me but okay yeah
yeah more points perhaps I can get in
the water
look I don't want to that no you know
what then you'd be walking around all
wet and people would hear the squishing
noise and more traps
no I need more traps more traps
did you take them out with your hatchet
one of them did do anything different
no just took them off okay it seems like
it swing slower okay I might have more
reach
sure maybe you can take out a cop with
the hatchet sure who knows Oh rich
there's now two they're multiplying they
know they're in danger and so they're
multiplying oh yeah I see Thanks it's in
the lower left-hand corner what is ahead
the button problem for your sword strike
okay what does it do different in the
night does anybody can't give me a
concrete answer hmm I'm not asking you
oh then yeah Jane left for a moment I
don't know if he's coming back she's an
adult he has things to do most of us
have things to do rich but we choose to
spend our time here quick Stan Oh
get him
myself do-do-do-do-do-do
oh my god rich that cap is really after
you next time come on you fucker you
gave up while you were well within reach
okay okay there are still 10 people left
at this party oh okay you can't beat up
the corridors easily I like how the
corner was like every class you don't
put these dicks oh there they are
I haven't been even paying attention to
that you already spiked to the punch
ball or what yep
none of them seem to want to move yeah
certainly in here I can do rip you just
have to have pay attention to where
they're looking you can kill people if
no one's looking at you oh there's
something what is that I have no idea
well let's find out it's it's gumballs
I'm okay okay
that got people to move
Oh someone in chat said that dancing
drives people away okay like you are
such a bad dancer that it makes people
leave your area okay okay I like that
we're learning things we're learning
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
yep that whole bag and now run sir I'm
gonna make it this time
you don't think yeah you can do it you
can do it you can do it it's too fast
you're made last time yeah they get
better each time
Mario screwed yeah you didn't okay you
didn't see me though okay just saw body
next time go get your freezer that's
great nope okay this is not gonna be on
the backups all right in fact I think he
just left already that cop
yeah he's bored I noticed scene and you
but did you dissolve what happened to
him I think you fell behind a body bag
no way don't stab her first stab him
first
he did it yay you murdered away you
didn't congratulations on your murder
okay I'm gonna murder people now okay go
we gotta sit through another one of
these voice acting cutscenes
skip it if you want I'll give you shit
that's a great idea
you know what I've forgotten that I can
skip cutscenes
nyan top party how did you forget that
of all people you can play someone else
now you should kick and kill all right
yeah let's try playing is this person am
i oh I'm like a lady killer now I will
crush you what
bouncer who is bored easily
sure
oh yeah look if you dance like in that
PK I'll see it oh this is like a dude
dude dude dude I don't kill a bunch of
people oh we're on a roof okay see
that's the window washers at the bottom
oh yeah that's why you shoved someone
out a window
oh I'm sure I'll have to kill those
window washers eventually right oh did
you kill everyone that was on the floor
huh yeah yeah that thing exploded and
killed a bunch of people what the fuck
just happened there I don't know that
was a lot of delayed points from killing
everybody on the dance floor remember
yeah that's great yeah I mean look at my
kill count already it's at 24 so that's
pretty great dancing huh
those games need your golf cart of
doom-- oh I know we sell a few more
people are there sure no it's right in
line with those bouncers
yeah that is a lot of fun I think I've
some special agents to arrive I'll see
you
oh my god we don't want that close to
the body
I was a window shove option maybe did
not kill that guy
well maybe she just knocks people out
maybe maybe that's her weakness maybe
that's something but I don't know I'm
speculating I don't know okay maybe I
guess I've only killed people with traps
so far doo doo doo doo - Oh too many
people rich too many people already yeah
what am I gonna do with all these look
for traps right hey baby
want to come over here on the ends
I'll get hey baby yeah nice moves that's
right bye Dave
can you press the number 4 button them
and turn that up on that microphone oh
yeah yeah yeah I need to I need to kick
him and stab him while they're down
it seems less useful than the other guy
I wonder what the advantages you have
cuffs on your head
shit shit no good how did that happen
incredibly lucky I was incredibly
incredibly lucky did it just take him
that long to get over there yeah how I
got through what why didn't you come
medical personnel
paramedics are getting up oh no some
there's a guy with a phone I must been
too close to a body I guess or well they
call the cops just when I see a body
sure that's why you might want to
consider every now and then hiding them
but oh but if they call the cops because
they saw a body they're not necessarily
gonna arrest you you're just gonna show
up and investigate hold on I want to see
if there's like some sort of I send the
sprint to use a Tamizh trap listen
that's an interesting one it's near
somebody listen look if I press it oh is
that her like maybe that's her special
thing she's a woman sir she didn't
listen is that is that what they're
trying to say that's why she doesn't
have the insta-kill knife maybe she's
got a different thing she can do do do
do word on the street is that this game
has twitch integration what does that
mean what does that mean what does that
mean
that didn't kill nearly as many people
in that thought explain which word
twitch will get twitch world - iteration
to be switched figuration yep now
bouncer chat can cause random events the
chat can come yeah how do we how do we
set this up how do we do this explain it
to rich I'm playing is this going on now
are you guys doing things or if you go
to the options and enable it the chat
gets this poem let's go to the options
two two two
nope nope not seeing it not in seeing it
oh that's how I kill all the people on
the dance floor oh that makes a lot more
sense what the I thought I it was
blowing up those speakers on top that
kid knows a thing on the bottom you have
something on the floor OOP bunch of
people are poisoned when you're dead
Jack we're gonna quit the game and go to
the main menu maybe they'll be more
options okay yeah that's gonna get
everyone wants to know how you did that
not notice what it was oh because I've
looked the speaker and I thought that
like there was a delayed speaker thing
well and there was a box like that in
the first house that just made a little
like electrified pool and so I thought
that's what that was look up oh I just
killed the window washers oh it was just
about thing Y button front yeah we're
gonna injure we're gonna integrate in
entry gate we're gonna to integrate as
soon as Jack is dead
yep are caught where well I guess only
caught I don't think you can die I think
you only get caught right could be but
which just happened hey I feel sick
let's get to a main menu quick main menu
main menu main menu options there we go
twitchcon config twitchcon think twitch
integration will allow your fans to
activate special events while you stream
party hard step 1 click on get off
button and copy your off key insert off
key to party hard example what will be
shut down yeah hit the old checkmark
there ok to twitch username in lower
case
again I might need to mouse and keyboard
this yes can we're going to say yeah and
where do we go go to twitch config yeah
Mary oh okay
unable enable and then gives us some ISO
now get off okay I shouldn't say any of
this stuff
no I'm silent authorised all right do
the old highlight and copy that's a
ridiculously long off-key even they all
is even the part of that that says yeah
oh yeah you get this yep I can't I can't
right-click and paste ctrl V dad dog
does that thing you don't use control C
control no control C and that's just
right click one else really yeah
keyboard shortcuts motherfucker twitch
username do we have an underscore in
there how do we do that
release is recorded to underscore live
that is our twitch user
it's life capital L or regular I don't
think it matters you know but I believe
it's a capital L okay announce events in
twitch chat of course all right safe
let's see what happens okay get us back
on Howie yeah we are unable to save it
all right turn it back on
all right all right yeah by the way if
you copy and paste a lot that ctrl-c
ctrl-v real time-saver right-click and
paste is not exactly a ton of time it
adds up it adds up you know with with
video editing there's a lot of copying
and pasting all right we're integrated
and supposedly I'm going back to I'm
going back the guy the guy that's fun to
work a little bit better so I don't know
what it does but you know it's
integrated we're integrated oh yeah just
think of the top yeah yeah you event
vote now bear killer gogo girls or condo
wine hmm this that's kind of a nice
feature let's say I like that oh oh
conga line is taking it away I want a
conga line I definitely want the conga
line oh no this guy can listen to wonder
what that does
it just shows you where all the
interactable items are
how excited is everybody about this
twitch integration the answer should be
very so can you get a look at the back
of a conga line and just start picking
them off one by one
Oh to the body hands I got me a body
scared off the conga line oh that all
worked terribly if I move fast I can
just kill everybody in one fell swoop
by Z just gone you know and a bouncer
gone boom fuckin boom goddamnit you -
what the hell did I do it was me
especially all you guys don't get a
special agent are you of course you will
if you have the power to okay fight the
jet fighter take the check oh no what
bikers the bikers are not winning the
race oh good kill kill kill him please
you're too close oh my god that was what
a doofus
can you throw them off the side wouldn't
that be convenient
let me put him down beep beep did
someone say you're bright you're bi then
you saw body I don't think so you just
get the fuck out of there you have
special agents coming for your ass
motherfucker
no oh is the bikers bikers one the
bikers are coming for you nobody saw me
that's a biker he doesn't care he just
wants to beat somebody up and and
somebody is you jack somebody is you ok
so now I'm fighting the chat - uh-huh
alright
I wonder what a bear killer is racer
bear killer and a bodybuilder bear
killer we had 100% yep absolutely
believe then once you save the car to
the bear killer is around right oh no
this big curve I think is gonna it's
gonna go right in front of my trap you I
just want to get rid of those bouncers
here we go I kind of I kind of think
this this twitch integration is neat
you think it's neat until the bear
killer shows up I just want to know who
the schmuck is that voted body builder
and racer I don't know liven things up a
little bit I'm working on it
the police will take care of this wait
let's
stay away from poisoned people okay okay
what are they barf on you yeah maybe
it's all we gonna kill the DJ you think
yeah but it's too late now
it is you know what it is rich this is a
guy like if I if I owe you lucky fuck
what that blew up one like two people
just have to be walking by it you got
extra food that a dog a pig walking
around what is that huh there's a thing
walking around something at the top of
the screen now it's dark blue was like a
white color
oh that's is that the the bear hey bull
it's like a bull and it doesn't look
much like a bear to me yeah to do to to
to to some way what are they sending in
now a bodybuilder good well I guess
maybe it is maybe that doesn't maybe
that's what the game considers a bear
that's very much a letdown that could
look at that son looks a little bit like
a bear I can kill this guy for sure I'm
less than happy with it you're less than
happy with the best I'm happy with the
bear I'm sorry hot floor is winning the
vote hot floor hot warm all right
there's a sleeping guy there's a
sleeping guy over here we can kill him
real quick real quick kill this person
Oh she saw you fuck Ron Ron is there a
trap you've been set for the cop no
there's no speaker announcing right now
you just fucked oh I thought I could get
around the table I wonder what hot floor
oh the speaker yeah that could work
twitch integration might make that's a
little harder all right let's do this
party hard because as far as quick as
possible we could replace some of the
older levels kill as many of those
people and see what did what what
different things that's what you can do
in the sure doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
doo doo doo doo doo - I like this music
- now this
hey mad killer the mad Oh 53% mad killer
like I'm mad why something that another
killer will spawn zoom I guess I don't
know that cop didn't see nothing you see
didn't say nothing you just shove
somebody into the fan
shit alpha I shoved two people into the
fan oh my god that was a really good run
I felt really good about that and I got
beat up by bodybuilders again yeah yeah
you take over for a bit should try this
level or should we quit and go back to a
different way okay I think what happens
is I got so over I get so overconfident
because you can kill so many people
right away you know find a way to deal
those monsters doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo
how's the boat looking to screw me
oh my thing is my thing they serve
refresh refresh refresh you don't know
now you're walking away from that but I
set the trap refresh you fuck come on
eros okay
go go girls yeah you need gogo girls
everyone go to gogo girls I don't know
what they are but oh that's what they
are know is that gogo girls on the dance
floor right now how do we know who wins
and when they win this is a white bar at
the top gogo girls have got it and I
think they're on the dance floor oh yeah
just summons more sexy pixel gogo girls
so that wins lousy waiter did he see you
yeah I'm sure he did yep he's like
you're just gonna dance until the cop
gets here ooh nice strategy nice strats
next I can't you know I can't reach over
this velvet rope rich rich rich Chicago
just won the wild-card game to go to the
Division Series Wow I don't care I hate
the Cubs I don't care Oh pizza wonder
what pizza is
it's a delicious food well get to eat
yeah yeah oh listen shows what you can
activate what yeah we already went
through that I missed it
okay you get a pizza it looks like
you're gonna get a pizza
pizzas winning pretty handily give me my
pizza
should I sell them huh should I just
kill him who the piece of jewelry that's
people staring at me oh he dropped it so
what does that do what did you do it I
killed the bouncer because I need to
kill a bouncer but sounds like yeah I
saw the body you don't know who saw me
I'm just getting out of here which
doesn't care about the Cubs I hate the
Cubs no not my team I don't care thank
you for ordering a pizza everyone there
is just a pizza Oh
and I can't just low that's okay you got
your leet Rope strategy oh but the calop
caught you on the way to your rogue
strategy well it's it's not like we need
our eyes check - the problem is we keep
looking down at the chat and so we miss
things on the screen you know that dance
floor thing is just so fuckin easy right
it can't be deliberate whatever yeah
it's almost a gland why would they do
that why even bother I bother doing
anything ever that's fun oh one of the
bouncers is alive that's a fun little
thing who racer number one is racing its
way to the top
I'm enjoying this game a little bit you
know I kind of wish you know much like
hotline Miami I wish the level was a
little bit bigger like a little more
places to hide a little more places to
go but you know that's fine it looks fun
his eye event activated racer rich hmm
a racer has happened what he supposed
over 800 he's in a helmet
I say gonna search o racer not a racer I
thought like Aaron's worst neighbor
who's gonna show up a railgun
no actually he just showed up and then
went to the elevator and left that's
weird
some random event that happened because
the twitch phone yep what do you want
nothing nothing it's just weird that's
it dude dude dude dude dude dude dude
so they chasing me the police doesn't
have an exclamation point fighting might
have been some silly thing that somebody
voted oh here and now we got a we got
SWAT special agent or a bouncer great I
wonder what they're going to choose any
of them will any of them we'll be fine
let's see with it oh man they're going
to heavy SWAT you only injured who VJ
still spinnin records you know I cut his
head off
yeah he's good at his job rich
oh well that fucking bouncer still alive
yeah I hate the bouncer so much and
there's no way to get behind him well
yeah like when he's turned away like
that
now with that cop right there quick stab
nice nice rich you got it you got that
quick stand down event activated hashtag
SWAT get away from all the bodies Oh
beating everybody up Jesus Christ just
don't go anywhere near them I'm okay
over here by this table this is actually
this is really helpful they're taking
out everyone for you oh wait yep he's
coming for you serpentine stay behind
that table and keep that same movement
screen yeah we're heading to the outside
oh my god SWAT might be the best event
ever they're just taking out the party
I think we're getting back up though I
don't think they actually killed anybody
oh yeah yeah what do you need to kill
the SWAT they're not going away
I do you think I know they've got me
stick around for a little while
okay the main menu editor allows you to
put more time in between votes and
shorten the amount of time we get to
vote that might be helpful what do I
want to do more time in between votes I
think oh you can't throw people from the
road oh just give her a getting rid of
bodies okay oh man the spots gone great
what's winning no looks like a special
agent is coming now fuck yeah so I think
after this inevitable death shit
the special agents
oh oh that was the fellow came in
helicopter he came out of the elevator
every time I ran the wrong way hi what
are you um uh no b.s the game and we'll
go back to the main menu and give give a
little more breathing room but between
events
oh the chats having fun okay fine get
some fun I'm fun
oh no way here let's we are gonna go
back to an earlier level see if
different things pop up okay sure
go back to barbecue party a good old
barbecue party remember they owe the the
the easy
flowy days of barbecue party we got pest
control a bouncer and a bodybuilder and
even though we haven't seen a pest
control not many people are voting for
it oh never mind they just went for it
pest control you are all alone and
that's unfortunate because I am a
murderess I am a murderer man I wish to
do terrible things - excuse me ma'am
hey I thought I was a murderer
yes that's right I do in fact cube
people what you are one witch and you
you happen to be a people I believe I
was mad are you all right it's coming up
rich we're gonna see what pest control
is look it's a horse party no pest
control oh yay a murdered people for me
what are they doing oh oh they're gonna
murder a lot of people for you they're
planting bug bombs rich what the hell
sweet that's great sweet
Oh someone's how you murder that girl I
don't believe you
there are windows do you see the hand
comes over your head oh yeah someone saw
you through the window there are options
oh he's a fast one why is he so fast why
is he's a fast god
god damn niblets I wonder if we could I
wonder if like if we got pest control
every single time and it just happened
enough could we kill everyone with just
pest control yeah um okay I'm just
knocked out I'll be fine I wanted to get
there quick okay we got body builder we
got a fire or we got a bear I think
everyone knows what to do here we need a
fire fire fire fire
there's a lovely yeah there's a lovely
song called set fire to your face on
fire it's pretty good yeah he's gonna
say that body
the body we can't play a first-person
shooter right now because we don't have
a proper mouse pad or anything like that
technically I could I try play doom for
a bit actually earlier oh fuck off but
it was uncomfortable yeah oh they wanted
fire yeah fine oh yes our Miller that
was the Blood Brothers data that youth
machete album is really fantastic if
you're into that sort of screamy thrash
laser life was the single off of that
that was a girl that's a great song
laser life okay Jack in your stand-up
days have you mentioned talking about
being a clown no I had no jokes about
being a clown in my stand-up days young
machetes not used machetes African it's
fun you know and talk about fire get
back on the fire where you going we
ain't nothing wrong with the little fire
I love that like you know you get rid of
the bodies and that alleviates suspicion
but there is just like a trail of blood
and guts and burn mechanics it's fine
fine so fine oh fuck bad don't get near
poison people why not if we find out why
not I think you might get poisoned
I think if someone dies of poisoning
right next to you and you don't die of
poisoning you're usually like suspect
number one
I guess I think you just stab Daphne or
Velma which one is the red-haired oh
that's a much better barrel oh that's a
great bear that's it
wait does the bear do anything hey this
markers I can tell it doesn't I wanted
to like Maul someone Daphne Daphne was
the redhead yeah
the Velma was the was the nerdy one what
did she see lady saw something something
she didn't like uh-huh I don't know what
there's a bear yeah oh thank you for
walking in here with me the murderer
nothing to see over here officer nothing
at all
how many people have to die before they
cancel this party all of them they are
very dedicated to this party they've
been planning it for like like months
rich this is the bi annual barbecue
mixer that's not just something you
cancel willy-nilly what do you guys want
a bear killer bear killer looks to be
top we got a pest control we got a racer
it says bear killer but do they mean
killer bear did that guy just fall down
oh you know what I do what cars that the
oh of my god it's oh it's gonna kill the
bear no no it's a bear killer he's a
killer who kills people by dropping off
bears it was like a bear car he's the
bear killer he kills people with bears
ridiculous all right Gilda I killed the
bear good I killed both bears great and
Ronald McDonald good
Oh who's this guy did he know I see just
guy does he man yeah he came up last
time I always thought that he was like a
rival killer he does have a suitcase so
maybe if you uh if you stab you can
steal a suitcase yeah see there's a
suitcase behind entry now nope nope I'm
Oh rich what what what voting has begun
anew and it is 100% Special Agent okay
oh oh god I just took a while to catch
up
we had a special agent we got pest
control and we got another bear we can
handle that we gonna act that you're
gonna have a wet this level can't throw
anything at me I can't handle their hand
behalf of that kidding this is level one
bullshit right here yeah I kind of love
that bad badly dancing is a mechanic in
this game all right you got a special
agent
what does a special agent do no cops
over my head so
no you want write to me okay they just
go right to you even though they don't
have cuffs over your head that's
disappointing
alright um we've seen this level let's
go
