Homeward for WHAT!?! (Part 2)
March 11, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PqNwQ9NDMm4

that phase computerphile series is very
nice too I subscribe to them yep do you
know what I do to him and that CGP grey
just had a really great video about
flame horse oh yeah explaining the hive
mind mentality and how the good and bad
sides of picking one side of an argument
getting in fights on the Internet it was
really great my first number files video
files
I know it's final but you know I speak
yeah my brain doesn't speak the mouth
right yeah and I wouldn't bring that up
unlike you yeah my first numberphile
video though also they're explaining
like how mathematically they prove the
minimum number of Sudoku reveals you
would need in order to be able to solve
the whole thing you're sure I was like
watch that like I am a nerd I like this
I agree yeah yeah number feel no it's
not a YouTube embedded video but there
is you can click on the little button
that takes you to the YouTube video
which is nice but it is not a YouTube
embedded video no well it kind of is I
don't know how it works cuz it still
says YouTube in the corner but it's like
an embed in an embed something like that
I think that's their own player yeah I
think that is that's their own player
and the YouTube the link is their
graphic I don't think that means it's
YouTube video oh really I think they put
in that graphic to trick people into
thinking that they just better be
interesting and shitty
well fuck that yeah
fuck that and fuck everything right
speaking of which also speaking of still
buying physical media
I bought thief The Criterion blu-ray of
thief okay so Michael Mann movie from
1981 I'd never seen it before
okay I bought it two days before because
like twice a year criterion does like a
50% off sale sure which is good because
their blu-rays are fucking pricey
but I bought this like two days before
that happened oh so I got scared over
but it has the best fuck everything
ending I've ever seen in a movie
alright it is so great well the main
character just says fuck everything yeah
and its glorious thief thief thief shot
in Chicago gorgeous looking movie it's
really good score by tangerine green
really mmm that was kind of one of the
main reasons I got it because I was
curious lady just watch dog when I watch
recently the tangerine dreamed it to
score for I don't know something I was
like I need to watch more movies with
tangerine Dream's scores cuz they're
great alright I think in general like
I'm trying to think of other Michael
Mann movies that alone
traffic's good hindi chanting the
traffic I don't know he did I
collaterals
with Tom Cruise and Jamie Foxx what does
he did Manhunter the original version of
red dragon the first movie with Hannibal
Lecter in it he created Miami Vice
alright he did he yes he okay
fuck yeah which I've never seen and
everyone always says you haven't seen
you haven't seen I need to watch it
especially after watching thief mom I
really wanted to be what was what was
the first movie with Hannibal Lecter
girl what was it again I don't even know
there was one at the forum in under it's
not my it's it's based on the book
Manhunter but it was before like Silence
of the Lambs Anthony Hopkins kind of
became that role yeah it's just a movie
in the 80s it was based on the book
Manhunter
ha and Hannibal Lecter is in it he's
played by Brian Cox in the movie ticket
movie hmm but uh yeah thief is so great
now I really want to see he fuck yeah I
know because my
I've never seen Miami Vice all you need
to watch is the Phil Collins the Phil
Collins driving through the streets of
Miami shot that little section is the
greatest piece of television ever made
it this is as good as partners partner
no one knows partners yes I know because
no we talked about this when we watched
partners partners intentionally rips off
that scene poorly isn't understatement
well it is Miami Vice is the hey desist
oh yeah Manhunter to Manhunter is a
similar feel to it as Miami Vice
thief Connie dough because of the score
but I love that that's score I love that
type of music 

Jay: Oh, "Miracle Mile", that was the movie I watched. The "Tangerine Dream" did the score for it.

Jack: Oh.

Jay: Have you heard of that? It's, uh, Anthony Edwards from "ER"...

Jack: From "ER".

Jay: And, and...

Jack: "Top Gun".

Jay: "Revenge of the Nerds", and "Top Gun".

[Jack laughs]

Jay: He, uh, he's like a, he's in a band, like a, like a big band. He plays like the trombone or something.

Jack: Uh-huh.

Jay: And he's, he doesn't live in LA, but he's in LA playing a show.

Jack: Okay.

Jay: And while he's there, he meets this girl that he, like, instantly falls in love with. And, uh, he runs into her at a museum, and he's like, "Hey, let's hang out tonight."

Jack: Mm-hmm.

Jay: She's like, "Well, I have to work till midnight, so meet me at -- I work at this diner -- meet me at this diner at midnight when I get off, and we'll, we'll hang out." And, uh, so he sets his whole, he goes back to his hotel, sets his alarm. He's gonna take a nap. Uh, power goes out. So he wakes up at like 2:00 in the morning or something. He's like, "Fuck!" So he rushes down to the diner, and she's, of course, gone. And she's pissed off that he wasn't there. While he's at the diner, uh, a pay phone out front rings, and he answers it. And it's a guy in, like, a missile silo in the middle of the country trying to get a hold of someone else. He dialed the wrong number saying that, like, we're going to get nuked.

Rich: Oh, I think I remember, I think I've seen this.

Jay: It's really fucking good. Where he's like, "We're gonna to get nuked," uh, in like, I don't even remember, it's like six hours or 12 hours or something. So he spends the rest of night as people are on the city start to find out more and more about this, and the city goes into like a panic. He's just trying to track down this girl to make things right with her. It's so fucking good. And "Tangerine Dream" does the score for it. But it's a really good movie.

what a strange premise yeah
yeah that's really interesting the guy
who played Bubba and Forrest Gump is in
it for sure I mean of course yeah and by
the end it's just like chaos in the
streets and they're just trying to get
to this helicopter that's supposed to
take them oh yeah great yeah it's really
good just buried there my memories yeah
it's not like a famous movie yours yeah
yeah it was like a hit or anything but
good movie but that got me on a
tangerine dream kick that and the the
john carpenter's son trek that just came
out cuz it has that same sort of a
decent sound damn it's great hey who's
the mom glad you like tell it but I I
really enjoyed that game I haven't
played in a while which explained the
game a bit you've played a fucking
real-time strategy game before a roll
please you collect the resources and you
build the units and then you send them
to die fighting other things these are
my resource collectors they just mind
some space dust and asteroids now
they're coming back to that that big-ass
mothership where they're going to
deposit the minerals they collected
where my mothership will we'll finish
building the things I was building
before with the resources and then they
build these things and the nice cube
things so it's every RTS everybody it's
in 3d in space yeah black spotted zebra
thank you for subscribing we very much
appreciate it
I think everybody knows that when J is
here that the game takes a backseat it's
fine you can talk about the game as much
it's far less interesting than talking
about Miracle Mile everyone should check
out Miracle Mile right I guess it's
coming to blu-ray later this year but
right now the only way you can see it is
like a really shitty transfer run I
think I've saw it on Amazon to be able
to they don't have that option
oh well I could just not know where it's
located I for one they change the the
interface around and the other things
it's been like 10 years I played this
game sure there might be an option and I
don't know where it is
okay sure
yeah it looks fun it's just it looks it
looks good it doesn't look fun it looks
good now this is not my type of fun is a
multiplayer mode I know I know I'm the
green bastard version there multi
players in beta know if they tried to
merge the first game with the second one
I guess the the units from the first
game are not balanced very well sure oh
hello Draco I'm sorry if you know I
don't see your recent scription but
thank you for subscribing hello Draco or
recent scribing we very much appreciate
it if we don't see you what the fuck let
us know it's okay oh sorry I'm I'm
trying to scroll up I said what he said
something you can speed up time yeah
alright where tell me where's I don't
know where that's the problem options I
got only option menus controls could be
controls focus control is how to speed
up time dark harvest unit toggle burst
tag yadda yadda repair clock cloak
that's close okay clock clock is a
different than a clock cooperate that's
what I want to know chef Peter
assign groups oh you know what else we
haven't had a chance to talk about yet J
is Birdman Oh
Birdman have we talked about Birdman
Birdman you and I together no I'm really
conflicted about Birdman
oh really and I know you really liked it
I loved it man yeah yeah I mean I'm
saying a thing the speed up time jet not
seeing it not in the controls I'm sorry
help has anyone given you any help I'm
just doing what I'm doing is just taking
a lot more time than I would like cuz
this is the boring stuff right there's
an options menu the game Oh No
you can't it was someone saying you
can't can't okay no no that would be
really nice yeah and I don't have
problems with Bergman I'm enjoying my
complex feelings about Bertie
that's the best yeah my weak you keep
thinking about it yes and I I mean I
don't know whether or not I liked it
okay but it's a movie that made me think
about it yeah and I liked that um one of
my biggest problems was the I felt that
there was a lot of digital stabilization
I noticed that a couple times I remember
there was a couple times in the movie
where I was like you could kind of tell
like it had that I don't know how do you
describe that right III know what it is
yeah I don't know how to describe it but
yeah I know a little bit it's like what
it is is forced blur where it's like the
camera it doesn't look like it's moving
but something blurs so yeah a glitch in
the matrix I I did notice that a couple
times and I'm trying to remember there
might be more times but I was so like
invested in the movie it didn't distract
me too much but there was a couple parts
or I didn't notice oh yeah sure
have you know like I I want to say I
liked it but at the same time it's also
it's it is it's a it's a frustrating
movie but it's supposed to be right and
so yeah it needs to be watched more than
once and I need to watch it again I
haven't seen it since the theater it's
the technical aspects of a dare you know
everything being
very impressive and I really dug and
score oh yeah in Puri ating I just I
love that I love this moment so I would
like the scores going and then like he's
walking down the street and it pans over
and there's the guy playing the drum and
playing the drums right there it's great
it's great and it's it's so necessary
hmm even though it's obnoxious but it's
supposed to be obnoxious I'm sure it is
a sense of urgency and like chaos and
that's what you know behind the scenes
of putting something like that together
is sure and so that's what I mean by
complicated channels you know I like it
when things are nice and this is
something that's specifically or not
nice but it that's the kind of stuff I
love it reaches its intended target
which is just not necessarily a target
oh speaking of my drumming I saw a
whiplash finally Oh what did you think
of whiplash is great what is it about
it's about this kid that's at this music
school any-any gets taken out of the
wing of JK Simmons who's the instructor
of the class and he's really really
intense and really abusive and just
they're sort of like conflicting you
know their relationship is he is JK
Simmons is he pushing these people too
far is he too much of an asshole like is
it worth it's like all that stuff and
it's as one of the most satisfying
conclusions to movie I've seen lately
okay where it's like it has the illusion
of a happy ending but it's not really
that it gets so great all right
yeah and JK Simmons is fantastic and
what do you like that's a good question
um it's not a miserable movie but I do
watch a lot of miserable movies I know
because I'm in general not a miserable
person in real life so you know you have
to explore that that's you know part of
your psyche but movies are my only food
I guess I don't know but ya know
whiplash is great
because there's all the phrases
submitted
so he thought we had a day we're
watching Amazon and all
laughter
we get to pick one I chose Birdman she
was not happy yeah I think you guys
would like with life it's it's a really
just like tight focused story which is
nice because I've seen especially lately
it's all right after seeing the chaplain
I was like wow this is such a relief ha
ha ha I actually care about what's
happening I'm invested in he's getting
his character sure
dr. J hey rich out you just not here you
know what the fuck's also kind of
clanking oh shit oh me I well
signor riot thank you for subscribing we
do very much appreciate it
that's a good question which is chappy
at least worth of rental is it worth a
Netflix tree um yeah I guess so
I got nothing out of that movie yeah I
mean it's it's not completely generic so
let's or it's something and it's you
know somewhat ambitious sure I keep in
mind I'm completely biased towards
robots okay if you yeah you love robots
so maybe you'll get something out of it
but I was just so frustrated cuz I'm
like how am I supposed to feel about
chappie yeah and I know we were I think
that was the intention of the movie you
sure the swords like what so I don't
know I would say if you're really into
robots is worth a rental
okay there you go probably gonna see it
eventually or not it's got some good
scenes I mean there's some decent action
to mentally
no it's a big I don't know movie yeah I
want better for that blump game
well better format I don't know it was
funny he came out of the gate so strong
I am so damn nice amel well right but I
thought I wanted it what's an example of
someone who came out of the gate
swinging and is still still rocking it
Scorsese well I mean I'm modern example
you know obviously there's Scorsese
there Spielberg yeah uh like another
director that had like a district 9 type
movie and then is me consider good
substance just like I'm I can I don't
know where indie success that went onto
the big Hollywood I'm trying to think
I'm not sure I don't think you know
there's there's some sane Tarantino
that's a good one sure if you're
thinking it more reason I don't know
I mean Tarantino though like was yeah so
you talk about something like around the
same era as district 9 that might be too
specific do we have it do we have
anything was a DC I was like a
blockbuster but it was a success
surely after you take off I did think
that Blomkamp directly in my head is
like someone from district 9 webcam Oh
another good example is Richard Kelly he
directed Donnie Darko yeah and
everything he's done since has just been
fantastic the movie he did after daddy
Darko was Southland Tales which is just
this complete mess
okay like one of the biggest messes I've
seen in recent movies and then he did
the box with what's-her-face Cameron
Diaz and I think James Marsden yeah
I've never even that's such a shame I
like that Donnie Darko go ahead tales is
such a disaster someone was saying
Darren Aronofsky Darren oh yeah I guess
so not video he hasn't he doesn't make
like big blockbuster movies that's why
you're looking for a bit Wes Anderson
might be a fine example as well he just
you know he's been on his path yeah the
whole time but you know that's a fine
I'll accept that I like that
a stark a--what's estar go oh that's the
director video sequel there was a lot
yep
turn down for why that's Ian because why
would I sure sure yeah I think it's
about his little sister oh there you go
oh sure like all directors are gonna
have hits and misses but like with with
Blomkamp district name is so good I I
think this is comparing the comparison
to M night Shyamalan is it's pretty
accurate I like hated that it's true
it's yeah yeah I know it's not pleasant
to think about it but it's not it
happens the world is not a pleasant
place now yeah you're right he's getting
caught up in his own caricature yeah
yeah I will say it's not made anything
as bad as the worst and night Shyamalan
movies though what Lisa's got that so
Lisa's got that so far
he hasn't made a lady in the water goo
mmm night has exactly two good movies
and if you're gonna say that signs is a
good movie wrong and like elements of
signs sure I don't think it's a great
movie Oh anytime on unbreakable of
course oh yeah yeah some people don't
like unbreakable I like that movie
they're wrong you have to get past the
story which you know was coming a mile
away watch it for the photography I
remember seeing the village in the
theater and because at that point it was
established like it's gonna have a twist
ending or does movies have a twist
ending
so just for my own cuz I was I thought
the movie sucked so as I'm watching it I
just started coming up with in my mind
of like what the worst possible twist
could be and then that was the twist in
the movie I was like oh my god yeah it's
like not only that it had two twists
Ryan so spoiler alert for anything
frozen there's a built-in village but
you know like the one twist is that
there aren't really monsters that's you
know the people from the village killing
off the oh that wasn't the twist I had I
made up oh you saw that twist coming a
mile away - well it's so neat about the
fact that turns out it's modern time
yeah and then that source comes and
you're like fuck you and that was the
twist or as like this is so like this is
the dumbest thing I can think of it's so
dumb there's no way he's going to
actually do this right and it happens
and then I was thinking I was like why
if they have this made-up world that all
these characters live in like why do
they have like English accents like what
is it they'd have no understanding of
the outside world why would you do that
I'd have to rewatch it but I just
remember everything being like why well
they don't
well they had acts knowledge of the
outside world the parents did right
right but why would they like force
English accents on these kids like they
don't know English accents from American
accent
matter right right what twist but what a
twist you got me you got me em night I
never saw his last airbender movie
everyone always says that's terrible
but yeah it looked more like boring bad
to me than like oh this is so bad you
gotta see it
sure I don't ya know I don't know
anything about last airbender cannon
yeah yeah maybe it's worse if you know
anything about it but I've known never
seen anything that made it good for him
I'm sure that was a nice paycheck for
him hopefully enough never to make
another movie again but he did he made
after earth after that oh my god I feel
sorry yeah after Earth is bad after
earth after Earth
J I've completely forgotten better so
does everybody else
why did you have to remind me cuz I
watched it why did you do that now it's
no I mean why did you remind me I was
happy knowing that it didn't exist yeah
in your mind and my thermal and just
stopped making movies yeah
and it was a happy place tear both eyes
out thank you for subscribing that was
terrible
what Tara both eyes out thank you for
subscribing know we really appreciate I
was trying to read it
it's an that's that's one of the easier
wants to read you know I I like it here
both eyes out it's not it's not like
cleverly spelt weird sure there's no
numbers in there I think if you're gonna
have no spaces in a multi-word username
you should capitalize the start of it
it's not like a close up EF 479 zanza
you know we're just really weird you've
never seen before and have no idea what
terrible eyes out yeah
caramel does oh I can say it and I'm
rich Evans
I'm feeling okay now I was I've been
sick
I think I'm gettin it yeah you gettin it
for me well no you haven't seen me so no
I'm getting it from the petri dish I
live I think it's just going around yeah
yeah oh my god there's an ad new M night
movie coming out this year true front
door the visit I'm I'm I am D being this
right now I'm looking it up I'm night
Shyamalan making a movie doesn't even
make it into the news anymore shame the
visit a producer okay oh wait wait wait
nope directing oh it's completed 15
years from now well M night be
remembered as the guy who directed The
Sixth Sense or as that hack I think at
this point it's that hack yeah yeah yeah
even 10 years from now unlike the bad
ones won't fade away and you'll just
remember the success you know I think
the bad ones stick her on because the
Sixth Sense was so good that's so
successful where it's like and then
there was nothing but shit where it's
like people remember those movies more
than like if he never made a sick sense
and there was just a few shitty movie
like the village yeah lady in the water
those movies existed in The Sixth Sense
didn't then they would just fade away I
know one would remember him but the fact
that they came from the guy I made The
Sixth Sense has continued to make them
like relevant and remembered okay okay a
single mother finds that things in her
family life go very wrong after her two
young children visiting
parents what that's it that's for the
synopsis like how written and directed
by mm-hmm they still let him write
movies he's thinking he's thinking it's
been so long they'll never suspect the
twist coming they'll never suspect I'll
do it again twist this the grandma was
this s all along
oh my god who's in it you heard of it
Catherine Haines is that the H Ahn is
that the last name H Ahn is that the the
the wife from Step Brothers Adam Scott's
wife and Step Brothers
oh maybe she's funny if that's who that
is I'm looking she's been on Parks and
Recreation yeah she's okay she's on
point Henrik so I like her okay
Catherine Haines is in it Edie oxen bold
there's a kid he's a kid now Benjamin
Kane's very handsome man is this is this
like a low-budget thing like he's trying
to get back to his roots or something
maybe
Olivia de Jean that's another kid
what is anyone in this movie yeah maybe
he's trying to do like a like a
small-scale thing and redeem himself
yeah but he tried that with the elevator
of death he didn't direct that though
that ee he didn't direct that oh I
didn't see oh that was pretty good that
was a movie in which someone wanted to
prove that the devil was in the building
so they threw a piece of jelly I've
heard about this yeah and because the
jelly lands gently side down he says the
devil's there that's worse seriously
yeah it's a movie word maybe your maybe
your toast just landed and jelly side
down no yeah
clearly you don't know anything about
the devil rich clearly it's a movie
intense hatred of jelly people no no
because bad things happen when the
devil's around and that's why it landed
jelly side down that's it's a super
defense that movie is that that bit of
it it's you know people are trapped in
an elevator together and one of them is
the devil maybe that could be a cool
premise I think that could work Richard
looking at people who are in this movie
like do I know any of these people
Wow the answer is no yeah you must be
doing like a like a small-scale thing
right Deanna dengan Dunnigan she's a
Tony Award winner
Deanna denigan does that make any
difference I need to stop looking at
this movie let's all forget about it
that's all it comes out this year yeah
you know what it does
a whole lot to look forward to this year
no no he's not ready it'll be later in
the year though they'll be the smaller
movies you know like crawler and Birdman
those type of movies came out later like
this last year
Oscar Xena yeah that stuff will come out
sure the only big one though they I'm
looking forward to is Mad Max yep we got
the battle is great get the I finally
saw the trailer for it on the big screen
before champion played and uh it looks
glorious uh oh that's right there's this
the sister wars
oh yeah that's coming out - there's no I
you know I saw that new Avengers trailer
and I think I'm done then I think I'm
tired of that stuff I'm sure to be a
fine movie it'll probably be
entertaining but I'm not like excited
about it I the first one who's like it's
the Avengers it's the first thing like
now it's happened so it's like you know
it's gonna be funny it might actually do
pretty fair relatively bad at the box
office and then they got all these 25
movies that's will happen eventually
yeah I don't think it they're not gonna
make all 25 I don't have one with the
Avengers - that's gonna be - we all have
it rich I mean yeah it has to collapse
eventually
how it hasn't yet I don't know just the
general fatigue superhero fatigue I
don't know how it doesn't happen yet oh
they keep making perfectly acceptable
movies I mean well that's the thing is
it's not that they're not making bad
movies babies but just the the glut of
them do you how many there are
i I've decided not to watch any trailers
less yeah you don't even be trailer this
is just everyone's supposed to see it
there's the captain gonna hit someone
with she'll crank this is the Ironman in
is everything are there gonna somehow
find a way to get Loki back in it
because everyone likes Tom Hill says
everybody loves Loki yeah I'm sure they
don't even like Loki they just yeah we
need you again Tom Hiddleston just like
in Thor to need you again I Man 3 is
Iron Man 3 is a because I know you guys
like I never called Iron Man 3 a modern
masterpiece
does not mean like it is general I think
that's a great twist I think the the
final villain that's in charge of that's
why I feel much more satisfying when he
lives yes he's changed the human being
he's an Iron Man but see the plot of the
movie is him dealing with the fact that
he's just a man and not a superhero it's
that it's a perfect fucking action I
should rewatch that I haven't seen it
yes it well III will call it a
masterpiece of an action movie I'm you
know I'm a matte as does that make it a
masterpiece in general sure I'm just
saying like I'm talking specifically
about action movies I said they should
teach that to film students you want to
make action movie which I stand by 100%
they keep saying turn down the game
audio all right I keep saying it
I can't hear is talking about comic book
movies again it's written there it's
what's up it's unavoidable it is true as
a lark I've been I've been reading the
new spider-man okay the Miles Morales
spider-man oh yeah the young black
spider-man okay and it's really good
yeah yeah what's his deal what's his
story
his uncle is a low-level villain in the
Marvel Universe the Prowler okay who's a
you know cat burglar doesn't he well I
guess the Ultimate Universe is different
I know in the comic they need mainstream
oh yeah this is ultimately yeah yeah I
forgot about that person so this is
different universe and so the Prowler
after a big fight with Green Goblin and
spider-man the Prowler is looting Oscorp
and a different experimental spider hops
in his bag and Miles Morales is hanging
out with him and gets bitten by Spain
okay so is Miles Morales gonna be
spider-man in the new movies that's or
is it gonna be Peter Parker that's a
rumor okay I say why not like we've seen
Peter Parker enough
do something different and that's why I
wanted to read the stories or that's why
I wanted to read the book so it was like
is this character any good or is it just
you know pandering and it's good I like
it it's a perfect way to modernize is he
is Miles Morales a teenager yeah is he
okay back in teenager again a smart kid
not like a super genius like like Peter
Parker was but you know a bright kid hmm
who deals with general hero issues and
he was unsure whether or not how he was
unsure on how to use his powers until
spoiler alert Ultimate Universe Peter
Parker died okay and he realized that he
could have used his powers to help this
kid Nina and then it's it's revealed
that he was Peter Parker and he's like
oh he was just a kid I could have used
my power to help this other kid so he
decides to take up the mantle okay it's
very good I've been enjoying it so you
see I lent you that first ring even if
it even in the if in the movies if it's
not Miles Morales and it's just Peter
Parker again yeah just have him show up
yeah okay look at spider-man he's here
yep like no backstory you don't need any
of that anymore
I think that's what they're gonna do yes
why not just do it hey Peter Parker's
here oh no Peter not Peter Parker they
wouldn't say that they'd say spider-man
just showed up spider-man help us yep
that's don't you don't need any of that
backstory shit nope nope don't need any
of it you don't even need an
introduction you can just walk into the
room no spider-man is so ubiquitous yeah
people know who spider-man is through
pure osmosis you don't you don't need
any of that
something I was reading someone's
rantings not even you can't even call a
rumor someone was just making like a
mental wish list and I said what if
Peter Parker spider-man shows up in
adult in Avengers movie right helps out
and then when Civil War comes around
Peter Parker chooses aside and dies
so then Miles Morales can come in and
they won't kill spider-man they did in
the comics sure but they won't the
movies you don't think I don't think so
what's happening little mouse button it
was kicking me out of the game for some
reason that's weird
it was weird yeah that is weird
like I say yeah and of course who knows
if how long Peter Barker will stay dead
I'm sure now back to life ruin
everything I make these big declarations
we're killing Peter Parker but uh this
is Peter Parker's ghost this is an alien
being who looks and acts just like Peter
Parker and had Peter Parker's memories
medically transferred to him um by the
way I should let you guys know I'm
writing for Marvel comics now so I
really like with guardians of the galaxy
like there's some some little
connections to the rest of the Marvel
Universe but for the most part it's just
doing its own thing I really hope they
continue that with the second one just
let it be another guardians of the
galaxy movie well that's what they've
done with all of the individual movies I
think at this point there's too much
like connecting tissue or it's like
there'll be things you don't get if you
didn't see one of the other movies I'm
trying to think of guardians of the
galaxy is the most removed cuz they're
not anywhere near earth gonna do with
her sure but even like you know if you
Thor - it happens on earth but there's
there's no like interaction with the
other heroes and did nothing please - do
you know I guess so you could want to
get just like guardians of the galaxy a
lot more I know I know you do
I do i you know what i know you and i
also like guardians of the galaxy not as
much as you but i enjoyed it click on
your things rich yeah no but that's the
nice thing they all work together but
they I think can all work separately as
well except for who knows what what's
happening now since shield died the show
the corporation and captain earth oh
yeah Captain America - that's right
that's gonna be when does agents of
shield take place then the shuddering
okay the let the the finale of season 1
or 2 or would I die you lose drag the in
the finale of one of them is when shield
dies okay and then it's up to boiler
alert no one no one's watching the show
it doesn't matter I don't know why I
watch the show Agent Coulson is tasked
with rebuilding shield oh so he's the
white he's the one so it dies and
Captain America - and then it's just
gonna be very Baggins they're gonna call
it something different or the same thing
it doesn't matter nothing matters
because by the way please
well you manners welcome to comic books
this is what happens all the fucking
time yeah Peter Parker's getting married
yep nope that'll be Mayfield mm-hm
Superman dies no no I keep hearing good
things and I can't wait till it comes to
some sort of streaming service about
that uh I don't even know what it's
called what's the what's the lady from
Captain America One Show
oh that agent car agent Carter I hear
good things about it is it serious as I
don't like a full show yeah that's a
full show okay what is it on I have no
idea where do you see this show
ABC okay I heard a little bit about it
and I was like what is this I've never
seen ads burned or anything I was like
is this a show or is it like a web
series like no it isn't it it's a
legitimate television show on network
television
hmm she shows up on an episode of blank
mirror Oh actress yeah it's a good
episode nice so they're gonna call it
sword
swo our deal for they're gonna call it
toward
I like my sword people are saying it's
on ABC okay pizza day and bees dance
it's great we got it he's got pizza roll
we gotta trust him or her over they yeah
I hear good things about it
hmm I don't know and apparently Hayley
Atwell who I can only assume is the lead
actress is hot
according to leftover beefcake so yeah
she looks really good on that uh black
mayor episode yeah yep
i today i candy nothing wrong okay
that's the greatest thing about the
Marvel movies is everyone gets a little
eye candy that's true the ladies go nuts
for that Thor they loved before those
Hemsworth's great great teams both of
those Hemsworth
are we just talking about the Hemsworth
are you obsessed with the Hemsworth we
well Lisa I just saw just or I just
watched so she had seen it before is the
The Hunger Games are 30.20 3.1 yeah PI
3.1 and you know
Thor's little brothers in that lien okay
also very handsome man oh sure I can
imagine those Kiwis or Australians I
don't know whatever they are something
weird the British is some accent those
kind of descended from brittish's but uh
I am talking about beautiful men again
I'm sorry I'm saying that the marvel
universe is full of attractive people
all the time yes let's comic books it's
gonna be yeah it's Feeny
yeah just crashed oh yay fat nerds go to
those movies to escape reality
yep you want good-looking people hmm oh
did we stop streaming did we crash
everything we might have crashed over
them
right there we go there's a stream still
streaming stray according to me the
stream is still streaming oh they say
the game is frozen oh oh yeah oh god
damn it
no they might come back up no someone
god damn it Inge Oh your card everything
is it back yeah I'm watching everything
certainly fine now yeah they say they
can they can still hear us but I'm
waiting for the to move it's moving good
for you
yeah okay oh great we're still screaming
oh great I guess or whatever yeah what
you all are most likely descended from
British herbs yeah I know
registers British British Scherz Scherz
well we're all slightly British iced got
some Irish and German and me probably
started in Britain who knows we don't
know where anyone started we're all made
of the same goo people speaking of goo
yeah did you hear no they're making a
prequel to The Blob they're rebooting
the blob and they're gonna explain the
origins of the bra because lots
important so it's a massive goo that
eats things so what you're saying is
this this unexplainable and unstoppable
massive goo will be explained yes
so what you're saying is kind of like
the point of the story it's not the
point of the story but it's what makes
it scary yes it's this thing that just
lanten this crash lands on earth I'm
somewhere somewhere out beyond our
comprehension sure and it just grows and
eats and grows and eats yeah now we're
gonna learn where it came from great way
to ruin that I think it's being directed
by the guy that'd Conair I think but you
know right here
you wanna watch a good blob movie watch
that 80s blob that one's great that's
terrible yeah do we really need the
origins of the blob no it's like
scraping the bottom of the barrel that's
like that's like in the zombie movie
when they try to figure out where the
zombies came from yeah that's not the
fun stuff no the scary thing is it just
happens it's so great right but never
know instead of dealing with the
unstoppable zombie horde let's do some
science that's way more fun yeah yeah
yes or zombies or zombies well let's see
how the best zombie movies like that's
it's not about the zombies it's about
survival their survival movies oh sure
the zombies could be replaced with the
same I don't know a blob and it would be
a similar kind of time oh no it's not
usually you spoil it for a spoiler it's
from space yeah that's all we know it
just just land here yeah yeah yeah yeah
fuck movies about dick and I know it's
gonna be CG - the blob will definitely
be CG of course it won't
maybe maybe they'll have like little
actual blobs for close-ups doubtful the
whole thing will be CG even the actors
you get a cartoon a Pixar movie it'll be
great it'll be great everything's great
everything's fine all the time oh okay
prequels makes me think of something I
thought of a great thing last night and
this will matter less to Jay than it
will the rich okay we're gonna talk for
a small period about the order 1886 but
I swear we're not gonna go not gonna
delve we're not gonna we're not gonna
rehash territory what I was thinking
about the other day is what could be
done we kept calling the the order
sequel be like it ended with sequel be
like so many
answered questions you know oh yeah so
given the opportunity I was thinking to
myself what would I do to make the
sequel better right so imagine this rich
imagine yeah imagine us I will call them
to Sony's head office and they said boys
you you you were so harsh on the game
you get to direct it I got how we're
gonna do you can't wait I'm telling you
what we're gonna do it's gonna it's
gonna be the great so we start right
where we left off bet I like Batman on
the top of the building right and where
we'll start coming out so we have to go
fight the werewolves right
and as we're fighting in the werewolves
we get werewolf blood in our eyes right
gross but then after the fight ends our
character not us but our character can
see the button prompts and as it turns
out the button prompts are ancient Lycan
symbols that help give them super speed
and strength
ah and so that explains by the button
from certain beginning so then we have
to use the button prompts to defeat we
have to use their own weapon to defeat
them brilliant Sony emailed me anytime
pre pre req at red letter media horn now
that you said it they're just gonna take
the idea that'd be great I would love
that and you won't get any credit or any
residuals we'll see but you know if you
do that then you can turn the whole
thing into a bit of a into a bit of a
schlock fest and that might make it fun
again if you address the button prompts
that's right that is genius I was really
excited about that yeah I wanted to tell
you they're gonna hire me right on the
spot what's actually gonna happen is
they're gonna call me in for a meeting
and then kick my ass and you I know
sometimes when you do games you hear
from the developers have you heard
anything from is it a bigger game is it
somebody somebody left a flaming bag of
dog poop on my doorstep rue was a hose
came to your doorstep that's ideas a
interesting name
it is it's a triple-a title you hear
from like the indie developer yes okay
the people who you know is still listen
to criticism and feedback I have some
sort of general engagement with the
community oh well that is all that is
all the the order 1886 dog that will
happen
