NaNaNaNa Batman: Arkham Asylum (Part 1)
January 4, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pPmC6UMhioo

yeah this is too much for me too uh
gonna jibber for a little bit while we
wait for Arkham Asylum which is now at
96% Oh God what do we know so is is
there anything to do bro oh you know
what I wanted to talk about
I been watching this show on Netflix
called broadchurch broadchurch okay and
it is a lovely detective story and I
really like detective stone and it's
stars David Tennant who many people know
as Doctor Who and it's a little 8
episode BBC series you know BBC does
that a lot well they'll just have an 8
episode series and that'll be it yeah
not an ongoing hippity jus just just
eight eight episodes of a nice detective
and it's so far it's been lovely okay
this characters you know nice characters
misted good mystery it's a murder
mystery a slight supernatural element
very nice i I can't comment on that at
all
alright alright
you can't comment okay that your fault I
haven't seen the show
oh they're saying I can change that
stream that steam setting oh I can play
steaming and I know you can oh that's
nice I like that I'm going to settings
right now hey guys we're gonna play a
game called Jack changes his steam
settings let's welcome Jack change his
system settings who down
this is not much point now I mean that
games gonna be done any second we are at
98%
oh yes allowed downloads during gameplay
oh there's a little thing too so we've
we've learned something really great
today and download and play Steam games
I have not seen black c'mere is that uh
I bet it didn't know cuz I liked it oh
you know what I'm gonna grab I'm gonna
grab Mike you can play this game with a
controller yeah oh yeah oh yeah I'd
probably recommend it really okay I'm
just gonna back
yeah well that was exciting
I'm really glad you're all here for Oh
everyone saw my vine they hopefully ever
didn't like I still have like I can
imagine there's blue wall on my shirt
because literally like a ring home it
started district I I was able to not get
any slop on me at work today it was
cutter kind of nice kind of nice yeah we
we had some fun filming what he had some
fun filming this yeah today was a good
day
it's exciting to almost be done it'll be
better once he stops flogging his
bandwidth that's true as soon as I'm
done downloading oh my god I'm done down
oh it's about fucking time
Jesus jesus H Christ on a popsicle stick
what what popsicle stick really all
right I am an atheist I don't know these
Bible things no there are plenty of
obstacles yeah okay he did something
with a Bible stick right Jesus didn't
happen he didn't many things he didn't
many things with a popsicle stick
Danny like walk on popsicle sticks that
happen okay okay examined
all these things happened in rich and
more okay for those completely once
again complaining about my noise gate I
have disabled my noise gate and now you
might hear a hum but it doesn't matter
because I'm gonna play Batman I just
somebody somebody wants me to insult
Wisconsin so he can win it as bingo you
know that would be a hollow victory if I
did it just for that reason
no no I'm not gonna I might if I just
feel like it played into it you know
yeah it has to come naturally rich
don't let him don't don't let them peer
pressure you right exactly exactly into
uh playing the game unfairly I know my
guys I am getting Batman Arkham Asylum
okay we are we are setting up performing
first time set up and Chad I'm not
making fun of Christianity I'm I'm
making fun of how little I know about it
okay big difference big difference
settle settle down so the I rule it's
not the way there oh that's very your
car your car does not have heat that's
right yeah the weather too you know you
know what bothers me most about driving
in Wisconsin this semi this is our first
big snowfall and you know everyone
complains about other drivers during the
first couple of snowfalls but I you know
like it's it's you should drive slower
when there's snow on the road and
everyone's like I like they had never
driven in snow before it's like that's
not the point you're supposed to drive
slower oh yeah yeah maybe you should
settle down especially my car and my car
drives like shit no okay come here I
finally found that bingo link and I live
in Wisconsin so that's not a good thing
okay please wait while Windows
configures Microsoft Visual C++
exciting exciting things are happening
Batman is gonna happen still waiting on
it's kind of it's coming it's right oh
wait not two seconds rich it says her
time remaining two seconds all right all
right I'm so excited to play Batman I've
heard nothing but good things about this
game you know what I've been replaying
recently what is Twilight Princess
yeah it's fine game fine game really
I forgot how she's pretty pretty damn
fine game actually yeah it's it's a fine
game I forgot how top-heavy it was with
the story there is so much fuckin texts
and cutscenes in the first you know four
hours of the game that's goddamn it I
just want to put end and then you don't
even get to play as link for a while
because they turn into a wolf and so
it's like I just want to I just want to
wear the green thing and swing a sword
for a little bit it's alright it's
alright but you know what it's it's a
lovely game the someone was asking about
motion controls and I mentioned a bad
game like a couple weeks ago and so I
was like oh oh I'll take I'll take the
the GameCube version of that I don't I
don't I don't really like the motion
controls oh no you know I think it's
really nice cuz obviously like it just
uses a flick of the Wemo to flick your
sword yeah yeah I don't I don't feel
like it adds anything to the experience
that could be hold on I am it makes the
controls less tight I have to do some
quick display settings here to just make
sure it runs smoothly I'm going medium
detail level I want to let everyone know
that I don't have as baller a computer
as rich has and so I need to go to
medium detail level action controls what
lumen controls every every time somebody
asked me a question on the chat now I
think they're just trying to get
something for their bingo game now quite
possible rich I can't answer questions
check check check questions are done now
I can't I can't do it more oh they just
they just put a cheat at bingo oh hold
on no I'm not you should hold on maybe
we have to get rid of these Nvidia
cutscenes I'm Batman is on my screen but
you guys aren't seeing you know alt tab
alt tabbed open broadcaster
that's why okay now you're gonna see
Batman
I assume what I will Batman how's those
how's the loudness of Batman you guys
are you guys freaking out over the
loudness a Batman
his bat suit has rivets in it that's
pretty cool that make sense
I I like the bad suit in the first two
gauge along the darkened Batman logo
picture devotion I still don't see
anything by the way
let's see anyone game you should see it
now I don't know where you oh I had to
close my extreme window oh I see black
screen oh great yeah now you see now I
see it alright we're good
I hold on I'm adjusting my brightness
setting so I barely see the Batman okay
Oh difficulty level here it is rich go
normal don't go crazy I'm not going
crazy this game supports autosave and
this is what I don't think you unlock
hard and so you beat the game right or
said super hard whatever that McGill a
big deal hey solid baked thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it now that we
finally got into Batman
okay here we are it's okay it's
happening okay
the Batman inning is happening okay I
accept but I'm gonna see if cutscene
okay accent are you going to watch it is
the question watching it this is my
first time playing the game I'm gonna
play it fully
what I'm listening
the second go I have to make sure that I
don't go for a minute walk yeah okay we
got the Joker in the back got the Joker
in the back of the battle going on time
oh I want to turn down this music
because it's really loud in here
but
I can't do that
no Jack is not gonna do the bail Batman
voice because you know why I want to
enjoy a good
game audion was kind of loud okay love
what you've done with the place
that's Walden shop to you both yo
Frankie how's the wife and kids you miss
me and clown a lot of people you really
want to talk to you not so tight boys
you'll crease the suit filthy degenerate
out of here
warden something's not right I'm going
with him
No Commissioner Gordon the short game
slowly so you don't hurt yeah I don't
one just making sure that you guys are
seen I got I got some wait just just
just drop there it is it should be back
on now should be noting video loading
video Oh some people got some bingos
screen I get it alright good
you know what that's fine the cheaper oh
my god I'm so glad J played blood check
for the for the New Year's Day stream
the only thing I worry about without
this we might not be able to use it for
best of the worst now I don't know blood
check Y a great one for best of the
worst
you know we've already let it slip our
or shoot in the rodeo I just think
people need to see that in general is
the thing okay blood Jack is brilliant
okay resume
I turned the audio
okay so basic you know move with the
left stick camera controls with the
right stick game options invert look yes
oh god yes and invert flight I can only
assume yeah yeah i i'm with rich where
like you're flying a plane you pulled
back sir binding says i need to brag
about my new computer in order to make a
bingo okay i don't know i don't know
when you want to say your bingo game
starts but before the actual stream i
was talking about looking forward to how
nice it was going to run dishonored well
i think it only counts in stream not in
chat not in chat my favorite i'm gonna
you know i don't know the rules my new
computer was really nice you get a
freebie I just gave you a freebie merry
fucking Christmas
hey oh by the way if anyone knows you
know what rich needs to look into is
some cases some carrying cases and
traveling cases for his tower yeah as we
will he'll be bringing it to the studio
often probably damn near every Wednesday
I like the opening this game late you
just just kind of walk around with the
Joker yeah it's a nice slow intro no
Harriet Turk I love it the credits you
know it's weird it's it's weird seeing
with this joker with Mark Hamill's you
know not it's not the Joker I'm used to
with his voice but it's fine I guess I'm
fan enough for these games it seems fine
to me also I know this is for like the
intro cinematic but the fact that Batman
is way on the left side of this really
well you know it's just like that's not
where you're supposed to be you know
like I know people who don't know Mark
Hamill is the Joker oh oh somebody a
chance sounds like they might not have
known Mark Hamill does the voice of the
Joker Batman animated gifs I've missed a
few minor lacerations probably in the
last two hours and is just in general a
noted
you take my temperature
I'd be mark hamill does a lot of voice
work most fing get him out of here for
Joker he's good yeah but he's done Mark
Hamill has done a lot of stuff so by the
way that does not count and a Star Wars
dog that is Mark Hamill talk you did
just say the word Star Wars
that's not start okay did you see that
new episode 7 trailer
ok another freebie another freebie chat
no we didn't talk about it you you asked
and I said I didn't care we didn't talk
about it you just mentioned it wait is
it is it talk about her magic yeah Jack
Jack shot you down ready he shot you
down man
I'm so sorry I tried I tried
Oh killer croc looks great look at
what's it doing that reminds me I really
need to get me some killer croc overall
I do I love that going back some of
these security guards with guns
definitely I thought you know you know
the Joker's got something up your sleeve
would learn to keep that fat mouth of
yours shocked it'll get you into trouble
tell me something you've never let me
catch you this easily what are you
really after no nothing much
hundreds dying in pain and fear all
their meaningless lives in conclusion
probably get used to him yeah I don't
think he really looks that weird it's
pretty standard
what's he doing oh the spotlights on out
so you're back Oh cutscene okay now a
legit cutscene alright yeah Elvis night
Jim good night thanks for coming out
wants to know why they don't just
execute the joke
well technically because he's insane
also because if you've killed off with
the Joker then you lose a great villain
he's dead
well be Eddie Joker now on it's good for
everybody in the DC Universe but in real
life they say people who are clearly
crazy aren't so they can make sure they
stay in jail I mean that's what happened
whenever dumped right he surrendered
almost without obviously he was crazy
but he did not get off I'm insanity
technically technically he did get off
on insanity but he didn't get off the
hook for his crimes for instead
Oh
alert the warden
what are you going home watching okay
let's check all about the talking
the countering will be listen oh yeah
right now teaching me how to punch
people so so far I'm doing pretty good
you'll be doing that a lot that's the
key to combat in this okay I'm looking
for signs besides the big y coming up
all of the enemies basically have the
spider sense
oh yeah whenever you see that that's
when you hit Y okay oh okay that's great
all right I guess I guess technically
that's backseat gaming so no muck went
off on your bingo cards folks I'll find
a way out why is the camera still on the
side of me let him know what's happened
camera in a normal place okay you can
post on trial of course it is
get Batman in the center of the damn
camera this is gonna bother me the whole
game somewhat I don't know cutscene II
kind of area yeah yeah I'm in the
tutorial stage I don't like this though
it just bothers me you know like I don't
know it's fine alright everything's fine
I'm not I'm not hatin it was it was
weird but it didn't bother me when the
game did that I don't think it does it
all the time either so I think you'll be
fine you'll be fine everybody there is a
a run button this is a chat this is Jack
some very first time playing an Arkham
game absolutely yes he has no idea what
he's doing
oh yeah this is me just figuring out how
to play the game Jack does not need to
save this game should save automatically
yeah there's no saving yes Oh get some
coffee I understand I understand you
it's my it's my job to keep the chat
entertained
absolutely I guess what's going on here
do I have unlimited batarangs yes
there is not ammo so you're fine okay oh
yeah I see that little swirly thing on
the lower right of the screen everybody
that's the autosave Joker's been busy
these poor guards never stood a chance
they're probably worried because I was
so low stream of teeth halfway through
that first mentioned one rich what do
you think of the Batman cartoon 2004
which which one was the Batman cartoon
2004 I have no idea which one that was
they've got a lot of Batman cartoons I'm
very fond of Batman animated series
I like Batman in the Justice League
though not quite as big a fan of giant
errors but just in all the ways
Commissioner Gordon is safe Joker's not
far ahead I'll stay in contact
oh yeah Oracle is though not 100% Batman
Canon or I mean you know like Oracle is
not in 100% of Batman children oh yeah
shinmin at any of the cartoons that girl
have her gun prepares and then at least
in the DCAU what happened joker happened
you're lucky to be alive also you know I
appreciate belief in the whole that
cartoon it's kind of a sillier Batman
hello where are they
back down there do you need help no I
work better III wouldn't take it over
the animated series but some of the more
obscure costume variations on that show
which made me smile seeing some weird
costume that somebody used to wear or
like the 70s you know yes last few years
and you know like you get some fun you
get some fun characters
thank god it's ass he's got Mike he's
strapped in the chair says is totally
lost it
wait here you can't film a TV sees
anyone trying to get close Batman right
help see me oh I'm gonna learn stuff I
see anything that stuff is good to her
bat and this guard dies do you hear me
makes as pay nope I'm gonna go mix as
pay rich okay I think he gets used a lot
Ashford a villain who I never really
thought was particularly that
interesting
sure well you know sometimes you just
need that thrower character like like
yes we're right now we we need a
tutorial staging we don't want to waste
our good writing on the good villains
this got a bigger appearance in the
second game okay keep him occupied I
need to get behind him
I've got to get close enough disaster
strike you'll see me coming on the
ground so I'll stay up high
you know you don't need to you don't
need to talk to us like that man just
tell us what you know oh oh here we go
here we go
detective mode Oh what did you do that
was so funny that I can't see him it's
just you know you detective not right
yeah and then it's basically just like
this is the thing you need oh yeah yeah
like this glowing thing is the thing you
need which is fine the game would
probably be frustrating about it yeah
absolutely
oh oh I can also see like people's Oh
people like heart rate Detective Mode
seems like a pretty awesome thing
oh my god I'm spider-man this is great
oh yeah yeah you know got the gargoyles
nevermind nevermind I stopped using them
as a challenge at one point I'll just
see if you could get around with that oh
you know you can and I think it's
actually a lot more fun there's a
ventilation thing here yeah okay so oh I
can glide it down Oh a glide kick yeah
I guess I should get out of that down
but not for long
not to get close and taken out oh great
I think you know there's I don't think
there's any penalty to staying a
detective mode or game other other than
it looking wonky creepy sexy Harley like
I know in the the developers weren't
happy about it because they they spent
all this time making you know this
beautiful looking game yeah and people
spend 98 percent of it and looking at it
and like neon blue and orange yes by the
way I could see just being in Detective
mode all the time yeah you have one
chance to surrender Quinn you know
criticizing purely art and it's
definitely like going for a I think I
think Batman looks great he's lying it's
just a diversion to keep his unbeli seem
unnecessary I know whatever but it looks
fine I like it like I like the little
rivets you know like on his outfit just
looking at creepy section Harley yeah
yeah well I'm up here now I'm just gonna
glide around for a little bit
no that wasn't Glide
yes you hold down it I should scan the
room okay I am still on the left of the
screen rich do I'm just the left of the
screen when you you know I know you do
when you run what does it do when you
Crouch crouch yeah there's a Crouch
button
rich what do you think of the Iron Man
Batman and Arkham Knight is that another
bingo thing is everybody everybody knows
I fucking hate the look of Batman and
the upcoming Batman game it looks like
crap it looks like Iron Man
so yeah the answer is I think it looks
like garbage I wonder if there may be
like a rich complains about Batman maybe
maybe see how I like the bingo for now
everything I'm gonna suspect right it's
the thing oh my god you can see people
through walls in this mode structural
weakness okay how do I do that do I get
bombs later rich confirmed for trapped
in the past because because I want
Batman to be Batman and not Iron Man
well fuck you interact oh use detective
mode to interact with objects in the
environment okay
use it to see things you can interact
with more than anything oh there's a
hidden thing in here
rich what do you think the new 52
haven't read it haven't read it haven't
really been in a kind of a bookstore in
like six years now there's something
apparently
well you certainly can I keep tapping
the a button oh my god okay I have now
made it a rule of mine Jack than when I
stream I'm not gonna be streaming games
for the first time because I did that
with blood dragon it was just kind of
pathetic and now look this is terrible
they wanted to press it fast is this
real life I didn't know that I just kept
pressing it at a normal speed okay I got
a red blue thing also I think I'm gonna
be in the left of the camera the entire
damn game if I crouch I'm in the center
and if I run I'm in the center if not my
characters on the left of the screen why
does this bother me so much
why does this bother me so much rich
you'll get used to it
is what the chances I don't know it's
really it's really never bothered read
that much I thought all this that's it
that's a unique angler here's a question
for you chat where is the first plague
place jack will die that's my question
for the chat let's let's let's take take
take bets I'd say something but I have
to say it out loud so I get yeah yeah
yeah Chad I'm curious before you think
Jack will die for the first time yes
this is absolutely Jack's very first
time playing Arkham he he just
downloaded Arkham Asylum he's never
played any of the other Arkham games
every how exactly to open the
ventilation shaft I think they just
think you're that bad
no it just wasn't clear on how it wanted
me to open it but I figured about
sometimes it takes sometimes just takes
you a while and that's what a game does
a simple escape attempt Joe who's been
planning all right we're gonna see we're
gonna see who wins the jack jack dies
first pool okay that's fun idea I like
that idea
that's a fine idea yeah you're gonna be
fine he's gonna be he's gonna starve to
death while trying to open a vent that's
that's my guess
starve to death yeah well opening event
yes talk to guard Steve was trying to
reach the vent controls and clear the
room all the guards have the same voice
okay we're gonna we have to get over
there oh wait
oh okay hey Steve there you are right oh
right but I'll get these controls down
guys I will all right all right
rescue guard I've been going after the
animals did you feel like a pressure to
because you got like an audience's that
make it more awkward the first time
playing a game says really weird to be
when I was playing blood dragons I felt
very self-conscious like I haven't
played this game before I don't know a
lot of things and people are watching
oh not like that there's there is no
doubt in my mind that other people have
similar things when first playing game
because that's what the whole thing is
you have to you have to learn oh no oh
and I've been oh no I
okay I got it that doesn't kind of die
rich said awkward take a drink why all
the hating on Kevin Conroy in this chat
people on the chatter hating on Kevin
Conroy that is not true that's thank you
oh oh my god how do you how do you hate
the best Batman the best Batman no best
Batman Oh Oh hit button what I know I
just say you fall into the smoke oh yeah
I saved myself it's fine I don't think
that counts as a depth oh oh ya know
that I did not die yeah I saved myself
okay
classic Batman if something's not
working throw Batarang at it take away
his batteries you've beat Batman
okay hold on someone in the chat says
Bruce Wayne is the definitive Batman
well yes technically that's true but I I
think you're missing the point and
that's not quite in the spirit of the
conversation well and you know what we
shouldn't just give it all I'm I'm far
more wine we shouldn't just give it to
Kevin Conroy you know a Kevin Conroy is
a fantastic voice and has the vocal
talents to to simultaneously be Bruce
Wayne and Batman and hold two different
but similar voices right yeah Talon the
man has talent but also the mixture of
that with the art style the storytelling
everything about Batman the Animated
Series is very nice oh I guess I can get
down from this ledge now how about a
little weak
I'm Batman so kevin conroy brings it to
life fun there's a lot in there oh man a
lot of death
Wow to death in here this is the part
that might upset people is I'll I must
notoriously slow gamer because I do
stuff like this where I just like to
look through things to see if I can find
shit you know with this particular room
maybe not right away but you will be
able to come back for things yeah I see
like there's a keycard thing here and
that can get me through this door and
then there's a job riddler thing up
there there there are plenty of things
to come back for and these days yeah so
you know if you see something obviously
there's something you can't and do with
that equipment
you're just not yet okay I'm gonna run
cuz it keeps me in the center of the
camera even why don't know why you're
walking so much in this game when you've
another I was just running okay
also because as I was saying I'm a
really slow gamer I'm a slow gamer
because I do I like to take in the
atmosphere I like to look around and I
like to look for a hidden shit like look
I can climb up there don't know
because I like to take in the scenery
Oh cuz I know the Joker has little
arrows pointing me in that direction and
I don't want to go that direction I want
to come over here I'm taking my own
route
I'm taking my Batman route it's like
watching a child what oh nothing nothing
see look Joker wants me to go that way I
don't want to go I'm gonna listen to the
Joker
all right I've never been in this nook
you're in see see yeah but it doesn't I
don't know you're gonna stop pushing
anything yeah probably not
oh I found a guy to hit Oh or he can hit
me
take him down hey I pressed on how does
help work is it just like there's a
there's a there's a meter I don't think
it's on screen all the time
I certainly don't see it on your screen
now but there's there's a whole thing
you you get it you get it restored after
battles and whatnot by doing good okay
it's that that white semicircle on the
top left yeah well after after the fight
yeah like the score you got on the fight
spills into the health and then anything
left over goes into your experience pool
so you can buy gadgets and moves great
there are gadgets and moves you can
acquire great more like gadget upgrades
yeah like you can you know upgrade your
Batarang so you can use you know to
batarangs at a time you can power up the
matter in so they just brought out my
people down it's actually pretty useful
in the fight
oh they're also if you tap the button
for the battering yeah like just tap it
and it will like quick throw one yeah
well you don't have to like take your
time aiming so if somebody's running at
you just hit the quick tap ish this is a
lot of people's votes for your first
step mister few of them so see how that
goes
I mean I can see yeah i think i think
animus primal has money on you dying
here okay sit the zip
fine it could be
oh my god
I like the stuff okay
Oh running that doesn't mean you'll
survive no oh oh I can take him out
after okay I guess I gave it that this
is class I might die because I
okay okay oh oh and then I ran
have you have you I don't know if I
should say anything I can't people are
people are deaf we waited it out yeah I
think I think I think Jack left out and
Luck's out no I knew how to kill him man
no you didn't yeah oh okay okay okay but
then like I did after I say hey winning
on a technicality is still one hey rich
what is the worst remake Robocop I'll
stop my I'm sure there's other terrible
ones Oh Total Recall not as bad as
Robocop why am i drawing a blank on his
damn name the director AB Robocop and
Total Recall the good ones I'm trying to
complete blink at his name and I love
his movies and son of a bitch you saying
that you're drawing a blank makes me
draw a blank
why can't I why can't whine whine whine
aim go away from thank you Paul
Verhoeven
listen listen to take away here's don't
remake Paul Verhoeven movies creator
protect okay okay I get an upgrade here
I can get one upgrade so I can have a
combo throw allows Batman to perform on
the
well grabbing throws after achieving a
combo and it's all you
combo Batarang powers of the Batarang
during combos that can be used to knock
downs thugs double the power of normal
combos allows Batman to swoop down and
grab assailant as they pass under
gargoyle I was leaving them strung up
underneath that would be nice but I
think I'm just I think you know you know
what I think you should do I think you
should ask the chat what they want and
then don't don't pick that one because
they're there they're working against
you know I think I'm actually gonna be
really boring
yeah and just get an armor upgrade yeah
that's fine and all it does is just give
me greater defense against that's really
well it likes lengthens the whole
exactly so yeah it's really boring but
that's what I'm gonna do because now I
just don't want to die where you guys
think I'm gonna die what what was the
other one you love with one of the other
ones oh wait I can get an or can I get
another one no oh you don't like I could
have gotten like a remote-controlled
Batarang
might be fun but pretty much completely
useless and the rest were combos and I
haven't learned how to do regular combos
anyway so it's like all the other ones
were like if you get a combo it's work
okay well there's one there's like you
get like a takedown move that that like
cripples opponents that one's really
good
the combo upgrades pretty good
they came out of nowhere they dragged
Jerry in here powered up the gate must
have passed out
Joker went through that door what's on
the other side we call it extreme
isolation this guy looks like behind his
doofus okay it looks like there's no
escape you see the somebody mentioned
aliens I'm not quite answering the same
question but somebody in the chat
mentioning alien maybe think of
something I had seen recently where some
some kind of Hollywood artists had had
like released concept art work he did
for oh that was oh that was him with the
the guy who did district 9 and with the
concept art that had like an older
Ripley and Hicks yeah before he directed
district that was that alright alright
was on task to direct an alien record
system is down yeah that was like some
of the concept art that he had made up
for a holding cells both wasn't too
smart as as a fan of aliens
I miss Hicks but Hicks was fine
it's the only soldier that wasn't a
douchebag he was he was a fee was a fine
sidekick for Ripley
the map can be viewed at any time by
going like this okay great
here we go doo doo doo Joker's escaped
he sealed himself off
he's got your father don't worry I'm
getting spoiler alert for everyone who
doesn't a Batman stuff
Oracle I'm getting into the Barbara
Gordon Joker will not win I won't let
him Barbara Gordon
find Franco with your father
a crime fighter hub for Batman and other
heroes it's pretty neat you know I can
imagine most of our fans know that you
know I'm gonna go ahead I'm gonna go
ahead and say quantum Knights thank you
for subscribing we've really appreciated
pretty sweet segue segue that's
listen you got a thing here where I can
crawl under and then there's nothing
under here come on Oh up where oh they
just had like a little like area languor
thank you for subscribing we very much
appreciate they have this little like
gate thing that you can crawl under and
it's kind of off the main path but it's
like there's nothing in here so there
there is but nothing you have to worry
about yet they there's I like there's
different types of collectibles one of
them you know you've seen the Riddler
trophies as question marks yeah I kind
of hate those but there's an other one
that's kind of clever like you never
actually see the Riddler in this game
but he probably has the greatest role
maybe the second one they found a very
clever way to used to go oh good
can I pick up this pipe and hit people
with it No
you know that's fine that's fine
I am straight up not getting used to me
being on the left of the camera here
it's good I mean I'm sure it's gonna
happen I'm really enjoying the rest of
the game so I'm sure it's gonna happen
Oracle I'm at the holding cells I'm
setting up a crime scene exactly
bowls dropped his flask sloppy let's see
what the forensic scanner picks up Oh
scanning for Evan and scanning follow
traces of alcohol from Frank's bourbon
in the atmosphere I don't know about the
game well what the the thing that just
happened is I've the detective um I just
scanned bourbon yeah and now I can pick
up traces of bourbon in the atmosphere
yep trying to emphasize the detective
aspects of Batman sure you know it's not
really great but you know I give them
points for trying they do something a
little bit different in the next one you
know isn't there some sort of like
actual detective work I could do instead
of following trails of smoke I know I
know it doesn't really make it come back
in the next game okay they tried
something else which doesn't entirely
work but it's still a better
