Brutal Demon's Souls (Part 3)
June 14, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-lYsEX3U5eo

fuck
I don't even know if I'm gonna get to
the first boss is it that's fine
ah are you still enjoying yourself as
the question I like to I'd like to make
a little more progress but okay but okay
I just need to hold I'm just gonna sit
here for a little bit we need to take a
little breather
you take Bert just son you know we don't
have to take a break I just need to not
play for two seconds okay what's over
here have I ever been back here
oh this in a second I just want to lose
a glowy thing wait
I'm just gonna hide here okay I'm gonna
hide here in these barracks okay hey
everybody
I've been going at a pretty good clip
for demon souls I mean you know it's
it's all the same fighting hardness
world building that I enjoy with
blood-borne I don't enjoy the enemies as
much like the the zombie enemies I
thought were cooler we're more engaging
to me oh the controller yeah
must your soldiers I mean I just did
that's something I lost all my souls I
had I had over a thousand I had close to
2,000 souls and that could have bought
me some stuff at that creepy guy I was
trying to make it back to where do I go
to change the camera the look invert
system the book no the book oh two
semicircles Oh rich needs glasses Jack
is using his shield but it's you know
it's almost as if the game is hard I do
not think it sucks I did
I don't enjoy the world as much as the
horror world of blood-borne and and the
world is kind of what gets you through
the rough patches it's the it's the
exact same as blood-borne it's the exact
same combat it's the exact same
everything just not what's that well
that just takes you back to the the the
hunters dream
let's - there you go
and then it's our to the big or the LT
the Big L sugar that uh that uh you know
is your gun
what's lock on huh what's lockup are
three okay that's the same right yeah
you can take over anytime oh sure
no and Krieger I brought up corn dogs
while playing it because rich had spent
the last 45 minutes talking about
terraforming planets and I thought it
would be funny to talk about something
so simple and dumb like corn dogs that
was that's what we call a joke and I
thought it was a pretty good one it was
it was amusing rich was talking about
corn dogs for an hour a night or talking
about planet terraforming for a
neuropsych talk about interesting stuff
and so I'm just like her corn dogs you
know Oh press press down on the d-pad
oh wait well I'm gonna have to kill this
guy half one crash half moon grass
that's a healing atomy a firebomb
it's my throwing knife yeah she only got
four oh they have more but they don't do
much well something although they not in
your slaughters Oh for half moon grass
yes I get it now you're a you're correct
oh you only have four yes
well you know that Colonel Mustard but
Krieger Krieger if you were being
sarcastic do we need to bring up the
fact that you can't read sarcasm in
texts because that was a whole thing if
you remember a bunch of guys with fire
swords that's fair
context food Jack what context clues you
you said you said I wasn't paying it
that sounds like something that someone
would be saying to you know what Krieger
it doesn't matter I'm I'm sorry you're
sorry everybody sorry fuck fuck
everything fuck you we're all good
everyone's friends well good everyone's
friends everybody's friends everybody's
friends all the time except for the Mars
men poor mad that I want to terraform
their planet right the people who live
on the ground in Mars
zombie brogue Sambi grood rogue group
zombie and yeah gobbledygook sigh do i
do assume like my default is assuming
people are sarcastic that's how i
default on the internet except for that
time oh my god just saying just saying
yes and of course she's just saying you
just said it
slave she sounds terrible
yeah yeah it sounds WAY worse than the
shield you have right now huh how do you
know shit I can only imagine they
wouldn't give a super nice shield to his
leg
no you give you shit you slaves great
shields they're your they stand in line
in front of you they protect you know
they're the they're cannon fodder give
them something they hold up if they
think of you give you give or you know
you give this you the the shitty shield
huh the paid soldier this the slave that
you own and is a tremendous investment
you want to protect that investment
hmm that's that's money right there I'm
not making anything if he dies now that
paid soldier dies that mercenary yeah
then you just don't have to pay him
unless you paid him upfront
yeah shield gets the slave gets the good
shield that's the lesson
these levels are terrible zombies jump
out behind wooden stacks that are there
for no reason well the wooden stacks are
there for example jump out behind come
on yeah yeah I have green grass good
shit touch your blood rich touch your
blood-stained touch it yeah there's more
enemies like this is the long way around
the the stairs which you are the fast
way to get to where I was you know that
is free Souls
that right there is free souls link oh
right there free sounds like no not only
have we not beaten the boss yet we
haven't even gotten to the boss yet you
say we I didn't just start playing we as
a stream have not done oh my god oh my
god yeah rich I don't know what we're
gonna do about that
I mean this half-year fault now you're
playing you've taken you've assumed
responsibility its 130th my fault
barbarians smash Barbaria smash Metal
Men blowing up planets terraforming
plants make their fields yeah yeah yeah
science man yeah you were sciencing
you're a science thing I haul up in my
demon souls room what a brought Pluto up
they were a fucking genius
which is kind of hacking and slashing
his way through this I like it like it
crescent moon grass motherfucker that
does not heal you as much as half a moon
grass
bt-dubs oh go should I used to I used to
damn it that way but there's a guy over
there what if I bought from the sales so
far I forget I bought four or five games
I mean most of them were like for a buck
and a half which is why I decided to buy
them anything huh yeah I'm sure there's
a couple guys in there nice fire throw
asshole
the one I remember is called the
nightmare cooperative and it was like a
tile based movement game with like some
strategy elements which looks fun to me
I probably will end up not liking it
because necessarily like those kind of
games but it looked fun and it was a
buck and a half there's a couple things
on my wish list that were like a buck
and a half for bucks and a guy just
bought the shit out of them
bought the shit right out of them look
come on man
what you could do what you could do
I think he's just gonna stay on shooting
arrows I think you want to go the other
way oh and after the
right right
oh that's nice half green grass yeah
waiting mmm Oh if you don't want to go
that way by the way no don't don't go
because there's a real badass down there
okay there's a there's like a for-real Z
badass down there for realsies
yes for real Z bad and now here's a kind
of badass you got to be real careful
with them guys pussy huh guys you think
all right if rich is gonna beat him so
quickly it's gonna make me look awful is
it bad that I'm hoping you die to him
bitch huh yeah you want to go that way
yeah
that's the top of the you know you're at
the bottom of those stairs
that was the fast way goodness okay this
is the way to go shortcut huh this is a
shortcut
well that that what you were just
looking at was the top of the shortcut
and so now you're back on track to kind
of where I was oh I missed a shortcut
yeah I told you the stairs with the
shortcut room what service you were at
the bottom of stairs the guys with the
fire swords oh that was a shortcut night
mister finish the fire source yeah I
don't know okay I think I misunderstood
I think you wanted me to avoid the fire
sword guys oh okay I thought you're
telling me it's long way around but I
thought you're saying but no did you
want oh I misunderstood I'm with ya
yep the old hit and run
hey works absolutely whoa this is fun
it's a good game it's it's a solid
battle mechanic that they've done time
and time again they've done has it
worked but it constantly rewards you for
playing the game you know like what's
this there's this guy who's selling your
stuff for souls he'll tell you equipment
and whatnot I can't find much for a
dealer I don't think so
there was a there's a spear for 1,500
and there was a crossbow for 2,000 and
some like an armor and stuff we have
armor but we can't wear it yet for some
reason I think that's yeah that could be
a spring thing if you find some more
Souls ego is double back and
yeah are you meaning like light attack
or heart attack like light kill em quick
absolutely shoots things the guys up
upstairs shoot crossbows him come to me
mmm-hmm the guys upstairs shoot
crossbows oh nice
which Evans is kind of killing it I like
beating people death end of comment yeah
if you go down if you go over there well
you can go up in there uh there's a
harder blue guy again
and another crossbow guy okay and you
can go down and there's a big there's a
bunch of guys and that's kind of where I
died in last night up is some more I'll
get some more nightmare fog so we do we
know where bosses I believe it's up I
believe bosses apparently down was
another guy whose things you were
looking for another guy there's a guy I
was looking for guys I was looking for
dudes
nice nice rich just borked forked yeah I
have no idea but I like it
and family and board nice yeah here's
some fog we haven't been through here
yet and not much all right right right
wait look back at that oh oh oh the
fucking dragon that's fucking great
there's a guy coming towards you
so focus on that dragon Jack right Oh
I think if you I guess wait till you're
done with these dudes oh my god oh my
god oh my god oh shit oh fucking shit
fuck fuck shit Wow okay oh fuck shit oh
fuck shit shit fuck shit fuck and you
know I was I was going to tell you to
turn around cuz I think there's a thing
in there but I just thought it was like
a like a pickup item and so I was like
oh I deal with the guys first yeah and
then get the pickup item but as it turns
out it was a deadly trap and they say
see rich that's why Rumble is not
useless did you feel them Rumble before
you then again my battery will last
longer than two hours so I feel like the
trade-off is worth it rumbles on I mean
the only thing sure it's up according to
the game is on
I'm not gonna shut off in the system oh
okay
I hate from right
oh they're saying with Rumble
what you still ok with no I'm still okay
with that yes oh thank your leftover
beefcake Jack deaths equals four rich
depth equals no rich has more than one
death that's that's tuna that's two for
rich now
and possibly coming up on a third
the Phoenix I would love it if this club
had spikes on it big dumb spiky club I'd
love that gorg hit monster
fook facce hits monster because that's
his name full fat chain that's what I
named him fu ck f a CAG fuck fuck fuck
fuck shit clerk clerk no like folk watch
a what if his name is glory kook facce
glork of house fook watch a give me
something here it's working you do
that's true that's true
I'm just gonna deal with this flaming
guy's life early I should have the first
time around yeah I mean it's kind of
horse peas these guys kind of line up
nice for you which is great and overall
it's quicker ascent yeah hold down
circle okay
oh my god
oh my go over it you're doing great I'm
doing awful you're learning you're
learning the game I hadn't like a couple
hours on me and I was still doing awful
would you only died four times that's
what they're saying that's what
beefcakes am that's amazing yeah all
that all that blood-borne training what
the fuck was that
oh you killed somebody
oh speaking of I do have a thing that
will set my club on fire my boy all the
way up yeah you're going all the way you
don't want it yet obvious right but
before you go like too far in we should
I said that to the quick Hughes equip
thing which the thing that says club on
fire okay I mean this guy yeah cool
Lorde's squish this is blorch him to
death and then that's the art crater
cool alright nice you blorch to that
mother flubber right to death oh you
know what I wanted to talk about what
put the chat with rich if he's paying
attention they announced Nintendo Direct
had a Smash Brothers directs and they
announced some DLC for Super Smash
Brothers oh my god and part of the DLC
is they announced that Ryu from Street
Fighter is coming to Super Smash
Brothers I know I know rich you're very
very excited here's the big important
thing is how much and and this is me not
knowing anything about fighting games in
general how much is do you think the DLC
is for Ryu and his stage still yes sure
I wasn't expecting that much it's six
dollars six dollars for just one fighter
in one stage okay yeah I'd just seen too
much for me someone was asking me I'm
one of the things the twits who this
steam chat or something you know if I if
I was gonna get the writer and I was
just like six bucks for one character
does not seem worth it one character in
one stage you know but according to him
that's pretty standard for fighting game
DLC like three to six bucks for a
character
series of characters right right so I
think six bucks is too much but I'm not
a fighting game guy and like if I you
know if I played smash brothers everyday
and was you know looking to eat out so
it important for him Oh work him harder
fuck yeah he he Bork's you harder rich
and even reposting at all okay you're
just working great rich the board
blood-borne I don't bother reposting the
underlies sure just the trolls and the
bosses yep yep just Patrol it's ultra
effective sure it's not worth the risk
of taking a lot of damage against weaker
rama's sure
bloodwork I like that blood board well
when you won do you want to get back
home
sure you go you go one more life okay
and then I'll go I'll go a couple more
lives and then we're gone okay we
started a reasonable time today and so I
started before you got you started five
minutes before I got here it's not like
you were screaming for hours before I
got here you could have waited five
minutes I did say I would be here at
around 6:00 and I was here at 6:15 I had
start late
we have a new twitch title for soonish
what
that's us oh I wait what go into ways
anyone coming running at you right now
okay go press Start go into your
inventory equipment and then you can
fill the slots over there
so you might have some not filled in
late moon glass grass is a healing atom
turpentine is that thing that says your
thing on fire
I know it's turpentine and yet it's
starting to get cool
calling it is for wusses now we got you
know been playing wow I like it but also
I can understand that it might be ultra
frustrating just to watch two guys die
over and over again you know I want to
choose it
oh you fucker did he get you yeah as I
was dodging oh it's the worst one just
like the the derp underling gets it dirt
blood dirt
oh fuck
but that late moon grasses the shit oh
that's the healing stuff to use nice
nice
really what I'm wondering what I've been
trying to figure out in my in my
crocodile brain has had I've been a
person who was really into oh my god oh
my god is that how did he do that it was
like his sword was bouncing off the wall
and hitting you repeatedly anyway if if
I was a person who was really into demon
souls when it came out and I could you
know obviously this is a it was a cult
classic and I could see someone being
really into this as I'm really into
blood-borne now how would I feel about
Dark Souls or book 1 because it's it's
essentially the same game with the new
skin yeah
that's a question for the chat I guess I
said if anyone in the chat here was
super into demon souls how do you feel
about the other game just kind of
sequels or or do you feel like a little
Nintendo itis where it's just the same
thing with a new skin that's my big
question cuz it like I can appreciate
this now it's like oh it's you know it's
protoblood board but I can only imagine
someone who's really into this taking
offensive that favorite customer says
you would feel like they're the best
things ever and you would only want more
more more more of the same love it what
do you mean then ii do pretty good now
i'm getting my ass kicked
yeah what am i doing wrong i I wish I
could tell you you know what I'm
probably being too confident yeah that's
probably it
all right I'll do that
except porch sure riser Greece says
you'd love both like me and you'd still
hate Dark Souls - apparently that's the
that's the bad one
soon the Spurlock
you you they won't blow up for you I've
hit them before the red barrels yeah
they won't blow for you only if you have
a fire sword then the blob
whoa fuck fuck
that was annoys nice nice just hit and
run I agree Kozma I like the monster
design a blood-borne more the world on
the monster design is near my thing I've
watched some more monsters before I make
that determination in this game
yeah the monsters are great in
blood-borne very lately those villager
guys those villager guy I mean better
than these scaling
whoopsies yep see night guys well I'm
like with the dragon and you know we
kind of thought that like ogre that
winged - ogre in the beginning it all
feels very medieval and I'm not a huge
medieval II fan yes I'm just saying for
me you know what what weapon your only
weapon well we have we do have other
weapons
oh it's probably doing ship damage
because it broke dammit we have a
bastard sword we have oh we have another
club - apparently we have a bastard oh
wait wait you might want to look at
those stats
well much like blood-borne you can equip
two different hand you know so you want
to remove that Club no matter what no
shit good here we got your other club
shit yeah
the bastard sword has you know right now
you have the Broken Sword equipped I
think oh no you have the mail breaker
sorry okay so red is attack I don't know
what green is white is the health of the
weapon and I believe the yellow is like
how fast it swings alright so the higher
the number the slow in swings you aren't
strong enough to use the bastard sword
okay get out of it get out of there
get you can get out of here - yeah okay
so now press the right button on the
d-pad and Oh
wait what
you're like blocking with it ability
shortage what handle just what's chance
I'm gonna sing things that are useful
hold on
maybe Oh No
there how did you do that what button
depressed to you two hands there was a
button I'm using the shield Oh triangle
triangle oh now you have the broken
sword triangle is how you use two hands
okay okay okay we're getting there yeah
you definitely don't with the broken
sword
oh you have the bastard sword equipped
oh you just you just put it in the
shield and again that's it okay well no
take it out of your shield
so just how do I get out of it hold on
oh wait wait wait wait what are you
doing
nope you ask a question okay so go over
to the other sword the little sword and
hit triangle or a square hit square it's
work yep okay now you're good
no I'm good well waiting yeah bastards
oh no you know you unequipped it so yeah
now hit I want that on the right hand
yeah yeah now you're good hit X hey good
negative okay now press triangle to use
it two handed all right thank you all
right we did it we did it everybody
sorry sorry about that see how well this
works
yep
oh sorry Tiberius Kirk that was like
watching someone teach their grandma how
to play Mario Brothers but that's yeah
that's how it's how it works sometimes
it's how it works sometimes you're just
gonna have to get over that Jack didn't
land me with a weapon that was almost
broke I didn't know I would've been in
the same boat as you also we have
another Club you know oh oh oh Jesus
Christ where are you I'm somewhere
different oh this might have been where
I died before
nice alright alright
okay wait don't go that way what was
that way huh I think they're more dudes
that way and I think if you go the other
way there's like a you can open up a
gate or something how do you know that I
don't know I don't know for sure is the
answer I don't know where you are maybe
not
oh this is like that optimal quest they
were talking about
I believe you
no doctor can lock onto my thanks feel
free I must draw them you're worrying
you couldn't take those guys who you get
a breast oh that's really funny oh yeah
follow him maybe he'll fight more dudes
follow them out why is it going
if you go oh now he's fighting dudes
double-team haha sucker duck
oh yeah
okay dudes
and a glowing thing Oh precious glowy
things well you're late oh please you
must not oh no I thought we were allies
no he's fine he's fine everything's fine
huh oh yeah
nice
what you get close the glowy thing shard
of sharp stone nice I got a number of
them whatever those are I say stick
around this guy see if he leads you
anywhere faster no you can't now I must
go there is something for me to take
care of if anything he'll just distract
people are careful not to hit him right
I want to aggravate that dude no cuz
wanna shoot a fucking armor yeah
and he just can't handle basic zombies
well I've seen it maybe like maybe if
you following him like unlock a door or
something you know maybe that's his only
use where are you going I'm waiting them
to him
nice oh no I was asking him where he was
going he's just wanders around after you
I guess
fuck so much my strategy yep
wolf nice wolf no your swords distance
rip rich a sharp stone is one of the
million kinds of upgrade materials like
blood stones except you will never ever
figure out how to upgrade things oh nice
oh yeah apparently he just wanders
around on there he doesn't lead you to
anything that was called my double
dodged backstab oh yeah yeah ooh
arrows that's what I do want I want a
double dash backstab nice nice nice nice
oh yeah oh fuck
well it's a funny BJ I just you know you
can't take a story folks
I like the host or like science you're
like historical let's talk about hatbox
it's not specifically corndogs
oh no just you know it's just a funny
reference I was laughing because it was
a good reference okay okay that's
acceptable
what the fuck was although it was that
just him dying yeah oh no oh my Jesus
Christ I thought you were gonna die
you need to heal some motherfuckers shit
I know I know oh my god oh my god oh my
god I think I think yeah the our time in
blood-borne has at least given us a
reference for the controllers we need
for this so it makes it a little bit
easier on us alone right you have enough
souls where you could probably double
back and go buy some shit if you wanted
to I mean it's not that far away what
can I buy you could buy like a crossbow
my crossbow wait is there can you hit
that now get out the way nice nice I bet
that'll kill all those assholes now
that's how you do it
learnin oh my god there's a dragon rich
what's the chat saying there's
definitely something I should buy
Krieger says push forward alright
so gobbledygook says Jack to ever feel
like playing around with all these
mediocre games means you're missing out
on a quality relationship with a really
good one like what that's a one what do
you mad we're not playing now no I you
know like for example I would love to
have a deeper relationship with
blood-borne don't necessarily have the
time I've heard you know witcher 3 has
some really fun stuff oh my god i'm sure
this is about what you're 3 which i've
said i just don't have the time to play
you know i don't know how different is
the combat system in witcher 3 than the
witcher 1 are you going to write to the
dragon i don't know i just wanna get to
a save ii thing oh god yeah I mean
you're not gonna do that
why not I don't know over here I like
hopefully you'll get close to some sort
of there was an oh my god nope nope nope
all those dudes behind shields there was
another thing like another shortcut that
needed to be opened up where this dragon
I'm running oh my god no I don't know
where I'm gem just saying like in
general there was another shortcut that
needed to be open up so there is some
exploring to do this way yes this is
both of our first times playing Demon
Souls do you blame me
no every every time you should do that
every single goddamn time oh okay you
this is a dragon that's two dragons this
is two dragons this is gonna be death
right yes Jesus Christ get the fuck out
of there see if he is look around in
that area before you get to the bridge
see if there's another way to go down
I'm not there and I go back to inside
the castle
huh let's go way around right here okay
there's a thing see I found a thing jack
I found a glow anything powerful McGrath
okay no foo-foo mowing grass were you
having its full moon no no no it's just
it wasn't really worth it is frightening
that is frightening
yeah see if there's like some stairs
that take you down somewhere down yeah
see if there's any stairs to take you
down hide me huh the way I came oh yeah
I know but I mean just in general no I
guess not
was there another doorway over there on
that fin path no I guess not
all right all right yeah all right yeah
go across the bridge I guess
don't you ever poopoo full moon grass my
children's
oops god that's good can't the dragon
just take care of him
I like how slow the arrows move that's
helpful
fire throwing asshole
man I'm into this I feel this rich I'm
feeling it oh no I'm feeling like the
tension of the game no here's what I
mean the excitement in here is palpable
the excitement in here is Palpatine
you can do over it you can do it no am I
supposed to go this way check it's it's
this way or it's it's dragons this way
seems preferable to dragons unless we
just don't know what we're doing we of
course we don't like them of course we
don't know dude that's the game rich
that's if there's anything we've learned
from blood-borne it's learned by failure
learn by hilarious failure he's that
dude oh my god oh my god so you have to
like jesus H Christ
which way do you fucking go then this
way rich you have to go just wait till
he wait till he does his fire and run
fucking past
right losing is fun every death is a
teachable moment oh my god
hold on circle the run yeah you heard it
here first rich is gonna bait the dragon
nope alright fuck it
charge Leroy does Jenkins Jenkins my
past and my past me keep going keep
going
I got this you got this I got this dog
don't worry rich just dogged me great
you got it you got it can you smash up
in that door oh is that it is that the
is there a shortcut there's a there's a
lever did you do what you do I told the
love
Oh
oh I bet that opens the big-ass gate
nice rich you did it oh my god oh shit
fucking spazzy fucks
oh fuck oh fuck that was a good run
though right yeah you did it I have a
fire-breathing dragon to get taken out
by some slobs here it is the first boss
gotta be right
just run it pass all these assholes
I don't care about anything Isis well
the big thing is open yeah I'm going
right to the big thing Jack gets the
glory no I'm gonna get the first day
jack gets the glory
shit shit shit shit shouldn't have been
doing this right now what the fuck what
the fuck is this that's a monster
just find a sword or something I'm
assuming not what is what is it
blood-borne talk about being aggressive
huh what is blood-borne tight your penis
oh don't but don't be aggressive with
bosses well it depends on the boss
bloodborne has taught me to get behind
it shit
and not lock on that's that's always my
big problem with us is like I keep
walking on don't walk on I walk on all
the time that's fine yeah I know what
you're talking no I only running I don't
know if you know what you're talking
about that that could be we're saying
it's weak to fire oh do I have that
thing you know saving it for a boss
cause that one monster is just a
portable this is a horde of little ones
it's a horde of little monsters that
like throw spears edges
there's my plan take him out yeah one
big hit and they take out one heavy
swing full charge they're just regular
heavy swing she's right here this is my
plan it's not very uh hope that's the
front of them Dell different for you in
the front of you in the back of them
just to make a difference yeah front has
a shield on it see run away into a pole
this is my plan Circle Circle and pick
off the weak the weak ones
he's doing the do
doing the do they're not spawning that's
that's something I guess I learned I
know it seems like there's less of them
on him you know like more than blue is
showing up maybe or I'm completely wrong
a couple of them
like I wanna I want to make a big attack
to the to the big guy but you know I
just know that's a mistake if that feels
like a mistake you know I have done no
damage on him so far I was like that
dun-dun-duh l'hermite says flank him
hunker down then get in the roof like
first of all you're funny unless you're
not being funny he's their various Kirk
says no Jack that's not the boss you're
hitting it's meaningless infinite
spawning oh well okay then fuck then mr.
shy smile says no they are not
responding see you guys see why it's
hard to listen to you I don't think
they're responding there seems to be
less of them there seems to be less of
them
yeah I agree outside that doesn't have
shield monster I got it look I got him
down a little bit
I did or with the fire bomb yeah
he'll yes behind a pillar I like this
yeah yeah yeah I can do with you
mr. glitch says I've never played this
game listen to my advice
hahahaha okay mr. glitch who's healed
huh he's healing he's doing that
fuckface be aggressive
besides you keep attacking that side
he's weak on that side there's no
monster yeah but the months ago the
monsters are coming rich huh I don't
think he's healing I could tell that the
bar was more full than it was earlier I
think you're waiting too long
bad things are gonna happen yeah that's
always a possibility
halfway down you don't get about this
feeling good about this and before you
go back to the hunters dream that's not
the hunters dream yeah you're gonna have
to go look for my souls oh god shit
that's not what I wanted to do
see I think you want to pick off the
little guys because they like rehung car
on him okay yeah yeah and then they they
kind of shield them
are you him right there where's the
giant open space oh yeah listen I'm here
now
get out of here get out that's good
that's good
felt good about that felt good about
that generate stamina oh shit
thank you gonna do it huh I think you're
gonna do it I feel I feel good I feel
good about my progress so far
I just bomb the shit off
big thing happen guys no you weren't
what you weren't oh there we go one more
one more
ah great shot of shop stone now do you
want to try and find my souls oh your
question you got 2500 here's here's the
thing you didn't open up I think if you
would have kept going you would have
opened up the door that was over on this
side okay if I have to get yours back I
have to go like I have to go back to the
dragon again okay you know okay so I'm
gonna say fuck dad all right that's my
plan at least is just to say fuck that
yes
I mean I'm pretty okay and anon that's
fine that's fine that felt like it that
felt like a nice ending point yeah whoo
whoo that's that's the best I can do
I'm sorry check I'm dying just I just
I'm not I'm not very passionate person
oh do they even have a doll here ah the
monumental awaits the above she's got
nice her sure her eyes could use a
little work you know I just don't want
her looking at no other dudes I love
that I love how much work you need to do
just to get a basic explanation of where
you are you know like we'll tell you
about the game maybe in a couple hours
you fucker where did you find that sword
huh where did you find that big sword I
just picked it up somewhere but like
this guy he's the blacksmith he can
repair your weapons or like making new
ones yeah yeah I just picked it up all
right Gork say khob I know Gork of
housefull Koch a fuck fuck you say
goodbye thank you for coming out you
want to read these yes as I blew
people's ears out you did where did we
end up fresh beat a dick punch that's
where we left off yes okay we have spec
I'm gonna do thing we're gonna do a
thing
what are you trying to do
oh my god I'm trying to get that inch
stream oh I see nice work not gonna work
all right we have specks poor Jack in
disguise Mario Mario 42 gronke present
one ox pox grungy people people Quinnie
gronke peep Quinn ah Thank You L nunc oh
one cold
Oh L Ronco it's very far away from me l
Ronco stick management stick Mandarin
Dave ah oo 5 spaced man and Hunchback
Jack thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it it's true we
really do oh oh no I thought you were
just pausing for a comedic effect yes
but I was also waiting prompting ah I
didn't know yes I did not pick up on
your cue I know just didn't oh can I say
oh sure I you know what the rest of the
stream will be a spoiler
