Steam Controller unboxing with newbs (Part 3)
October 18, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e7u0e8fcIPU

all right what else we want to try
skulls the Shogun for kind of like a
forces manipulation kind of thing
not quite RTS but our TSH you've already
you're doing this I'm kind of clicking
on units oh sure why don't you give that
a try oh what's the other one we wanted
to do too
oh we've got a regular platform yeah
yeah well so why don't you do shows
stupid big picture mode the big picture
mode so much up into a big picture
where's my brush my big was convenient
list of games that's where you get the
thumbnail exact you know many games you
haven't steamed because you can get
games for a buck I feel like it's gonna
take me hour and a half to find skulls
of the Shogun you first of all it was it
was there all right I really like the
the thumbnail few people can't see I
want my list cuz I got not only do I
have my Steam games but I got like every
game I own before steam like links none
of them are gonna have a proper
thumbnail because they're not Steam
games gonna recent how do you do the
keyboard okay well a search and then
like and then you hit what trigger
corresponds to what thumb oh that's
weird isn't that weird yeah how you go
back already left bumper you guys need
to see how this is cuz it's crazy
oh my god terrible at this we need to
put steam they're typing with the steam
controller is very strange come on there
you go it's very strangest there's
sensitivity issues I wish I wish we had
a better way to show you but we don't
yeah you can
now you're just exaggerating no very
difficult now we're gonna change the
game yeah now we need to change the game
the hell's the show okay
all right skulls of the Shogun Oh let me
update the are you preparing to launch
it's already launched I could hear it
are you wacky skulls of the Shogun how
do we get to updated so now press the
steam button and now go to controller
configure controller gamepad
yeah and now just hit Y to save as this
kind of this kind of is the generic but
if you want like d-pad I want d-pad a1
yeah that it's saying that is acting as
the d-pad your your left pad is that
nothing I want something to be a mouse
yeah then this is your mouse this is
right stick click don't worry about that
that's your mouse all right fine it's
fine rich it's all fine
they're working it's working
what oh thank you Tiberius Kirk Tiberius
Kirk just shared an animated gift of
what the typing looks like it's very
strange it's very it's very very strange
typing yes talk about you guys should
play typing of the Dead with this
controller no that would be terrible
this is uh this is skulls of the Shogun
I actually I've never I don't I've never
heard of this game I don't know what
kind of fun of it yeah I'm played it in
a while
played a little bit last night sure what
is it it's it you said it's like a non
si si si you know I mean kind of part
RTS part part real part per turn-based
definitely turn base okay but you
controlled units spent the mouse's a
game it's a strategy games turn-based
it's fine it's great yes that was that
was quite a bit this is reaching boobs
this is the most to manipulate units
tests okay in my head I like it but I
got a feeling this is set up to be used
as a control are they doing some kind of
funky controller animation yeah I want a
mouse yeah I want to switch to other
people like a mouse oh how do I started
to do that because it's the whole point
that's all test okay go to configure
controller and now where it says RS
click press a an that yeah no I you
press B recipe
oh so right now a style of input Mouse
okay
tracfone the trackball mode is on do you
want great and then if you want to if
you want more of a shifting I don't know
what more drifting is but if you want
more of that vibrate you can turn
haptics intensity up and it goes all the
way to high high medium for now sure
this is all neat stuff all sorts of this
is Austin this is all stuff worth
playing around with oh yeah and we will
need playing around with and I think
like that that's one of the like the
pluses and minuses of this is each game
can be specifically fine-tuned to the
controller and the downside is you have
to take the time to specifically
fine-tune each game so that's what we're
just doing right now he's mapping just
often this is where it Sam this is where
it's at this is where it's at we are
like but not see this right now
oh you need to send your sensitivity
like way up how's that work for you from
now okay
oh yeah that's neat
yeah using it as a mouse take a little
bit gonna used to
what what are you guys talking about hey
guys hey guys talking about my children
again yes it is the it's my two boys
featured in the 101 wacky kids jokes
those are my boys and they love watching
that oh it still wants to do that like a
controller would what zooming in and out
that's weird
that was probably I don't want to do wow
this would take some fidgeting sure
we're gonna talk for a bit
skulls of the Shogun and yeah you you
can load different settings and there
are recommended settings like that the
community creates and then the more
people that use them you know the the
easier that is and you can download
specific settings and yes that's gonna
change so skulls of the Shogun why are
you still doing it I want you to zoom
how I cancel an old what I mean it's
trying to zoom when I hit that not just
the left and right mouse actions which
is all I want
plus that's set to something
that also could be an in-game setting so
go back to in-game and now I could go in
the options menu open options and go to
controls and see it has the lies the
zoom mouse wheel zoom in and out yep oh
okay skits I got to change the
controller settings in the game
apparently in order to turn that off I
don't know if I can tell the game not to
use the controller sure why not ah show
me how I don't know how then settings
I'm forced to use the controller aspects
I can't turn the zoom the trigger zoom
off which is infuriating no there's
something new okay yeah I would like to
show you the controller settings I don't
know if it'll hold on for a second rich
yeah you don't what do you wanna do what
are you trying to do I was seeing if we
could have another window open with
steam so when you go into steam like
they can see what the controller
settings look like probably not what the
big picture mode hold on everybody I'm
gonna I'm gonna see let's see what we
can do here and we're gonna add a game
capture steam wouldn't be a game once
we've got a program or monitor capture
I think I usually see Stephen and Game
Capture - then Steve huh
Trust is a game ok so now I press the
steam button I see that
where you see the bubbles they don't see
any of the text that comes from that oh
that's weird
let me look into properties for a second
wait a second I think you would need to
do a monitor capture oh all you see is
the bubbles that's so weird
okay give me a second here guys it's the
way I want to delete nope not that one
this ad monitor capture okay monitor one
okay great
and then we're gonna move you down so
you can see us cuz I know you guys want
to do that
looks like we're framed in there
perfectly terrible doesn't it yeah
wasn't it just there we go to like
position sighs boom boom oh but oh you
have all your stuff open because skulls
of the Shogun is uh hold on wait wait
don't press anything in turn turn go
back to skulls of the Shogun oh yeah the
mouse what are you trained to get rid of
the transform so go back to skulls of
the Shogun up and go it's on window so
go to full screen in the display
here
what a great control you know it's plus
it obviously this is like our first day
can you just not okay so now you want to
mess with your controller what do you
want to do
oh hello now I want to turn oh wait wait
what I need the mouse what are you doing
what are you doing what do you want what
do you want well I don't dump anything
turn this back on this okay now go now
they can see what you're doing okay okay
so this isn't the menu I need it all
what did you do to me checker what I
messed it all up
yes you did launching oh it's in presets
ministership mr. shy smiley is a is our
okay so now go to configure controller
yeah okay so it's I just want there were
three sets pic kb /m where where are
presets mr. mr. Shaye's mom mr.
strausmann
nope back get back
now nothing we may have just lost our
controller again what is happening
yeah my last air controller out there
working again nope wait something's not
right
something is not it might be opening a
game again
after it's already open because fucking
big screen mode sucks cuz instead of
going back for the game it tries to open
it love launching game no the games
launched sure sir that could be the
problem yeah they're saying he's saying
you should be able to press X to select
from community and presets and we know
is resize now obviously we're having
some difficulties everybody I just want
to use it like a mouse and keyboard sure
with the stupid steam controller yes
which bizarrely wants to be used as a
regular Xbox controller on this game
when I bought it so I could use it as
most yeah sorry I quit the game ah I'm
trying to cut the game clinic with the
game
no no exit game Mac not at the main menu
were my
okay okay hold on forcing all over they
what are we looking for exactly why we
just using the controller to get there
huh
we were looking for Oh like right now we
have the game capture and monitor
capture on yep and I was gonna oh here
it is so I'm just gonna real quick turn
off the game capture okay no pointless
now because it's finalized now okay
play it again we can do this rich I
believe in us I believe in nothing my
faith and life has been shaken to its
core
alright okay so what am I looking for
configure controller there we go browse
app that's someone browse configs so now
go templates I can't press back I can't
with a controller can you go left
oh oh all right that makes sense
so there's AI just want to use this as a
mouse and all time yes keyboard wwas to
your hands is that what you want yes
okay yes god damn it
okay save as live keyboard or Mouse save
great you can do this rich done
now it's a mouse and keyboard all right
there you go are you happy with this ah
for now I'd like to use the triggers and
not the buttons as them as the one is
the Selective don't select you should be
able to use the triggers right
no it's a keyboard now why don't their I
could probably set that up we have
achieved that thing rich wanted to hours
ago
this is it man this is the control this
is literally the first time I've gotten
my hand
yeah and it's no no opinion is negative
or positive should be taking this
finally yeah oh god no it's what it was
a bit like
two hours three hours three almost you
know what three hours almost and to be
fair the mode the majority of that time
has been playing portal 2 so yeah that's
the thing we need to remember is like
the thing that we are holding in our
hands right now is new I'm not gonna
call it revolution I can't use that
that's a trigger that's that's that's
acceptable okay great
we've achieved acceptable so now it is
working as you wish yes work we did it
right thank you mr. chai smile you've
saved the day obviously we're having
some technical hiccups as it happens but
maybe a keyboard and mouse is a keyboard
a mouse for a reason and it might be but
what if what if this is the magical way
that look that's but how do you think
this thing is being sold and then this
is the bridge yes this is this is a
controller in my mind as a controller
for people who don't want to use a
controller which I am right and for me
it's the promise of a controller with
the better accuracy for first-person
shooters and for games like this right
this is the promise to me of the steam
controller what I want out of this is
the ability to conveniently use a mouse
and keyboard from the couch yes that's
all I want out of it I don't want added
controller functions I want mouse
functions like you see how we got like
you guys can finally see all we're
working with you rich is like using his
armrest as a mouse yeah yeah mouse pad
this is not an ideal situation for using
a mouse and keyboard but if this thing
works then we got some options and ain't
that nice that ain't that nice
oh no and mr. Tran smile we know you
want to help us obviously
we're running into some technical
glitches that you weren't running into
but hey we really do appreciate your
help you have we appreciate your help
and look Rich's play I don't know what's
happening here rich I'm controlling
units and moving them around great I'm
getting rice you want rice you want rice
and don't deselect
how about you get us a monk yeah and
that's a thank you mr.glitcha like
whoever keeps suggesting that we go back
to a mouse and keyboard literally the
entire point of this stream is to play
with the steam controller so we we will
not be switching to another controller
or a keyboard a mouse because that's
what we're doing right now this is the
whole thing this is a explore this see
how this works right we're gonna play a
multitude of games that we would
normally play with mouse and keyboard
and a controller see if they work this
worked pretty well right now actually
yeah it was too accurate
I could not press the button because I
was not on the button oh my god oh we
missed sweet
a lot of guys that's not good what you
need what thing a lot of guys cuz
they're new straight I don't think there
is a new strafe demo the thing is does
binding of issac work oh I'm sure it
will I'm sure it will work just fine
I will be playing of course like well
I'm gonna play all the normal games that
I would play for the record this game is
pretty funny yeah yeah
you haven't I did have no idea what's
happening I'm gonna be honest right who
are you I am oh you're doing something
right now yeah yeah I'm attacking that's
I'm attacking the enemy Archer right now
I'm the red guys okay and alright
this guy here yeah this is my general
okay he was obviously some kind of
general in the Shogun near feudal Japan
okay and he just won some kind of major
war he was gonna be the Shogun of all of
Japan
oh but right after he wins the battle
somebody stabs him in the back yes and
then he goes to the afterlife no he's
he's looking for some payback against
the man who stabbed him in the back mmm
who conveniently died and fell on a
spear right after stabbing you in the
back so you're both in the afterlife
okay you're raising your army of undead
warriors to fight each other okay and
you control each unit one by one like
here's their Archer I'm going to take my
little interface infantry guy here right
I'm gonna order him to move the circle
is my move radius okay some movement act
distance and he's hold this hands up
because he can't archers can't counter
attack them like a melee move oh I'm
gonna kill him and he's dead now you see
is a skull is lying there no you can eat
their skulls to gain health and then if
you eat three skulls an individual
you're at ease three skulls you can turn
into a demon unit that can do two
attacks in one turn nice so you want to
eat them skulls you want to eat them
skulls oh thank you mr. trans man
apparently when when you choose your
controller presets you don't have to hit
the Save button okay that's just if you
want to publish a preset oh okay okay
okay that is good to know oh my god you
slut I always forget to do that all the
time
Emory 801 yeah next up after rich plays
a little mouse keyboard type game I'm
gonna be doing a typical controller game
and so I'll be messing around with
either spelunky or super meatboy
something with that requires incredibly
tight controls yeah so probably super
meatboy just because I love Super Meat
Boy and that really doesn't require
incredibly tight controls I am NOT doing
good I'm getting readjusted to playing
this game oh sure they've got all kind
of resources all over me and that's
that's bad yeah it's typically bad
Barako T do you think we could convince
Mike and J to play keep talking nobody
explodes with you know no real talk they
are invited to every stream sometimes J
can make it sometimes he cannot mike has
expressed no interest in coming he is
invited to every single stream not even
a rude thing he just did not comfortable
so perhaps another blue moon from now he
will grace us with his presence but
probably not gonna happen I do agree
that them playing that game would be
there
funny but just probably not gonna happen
mouse clicks you guys should look at
moving the mouse clicks from full click
action to soft click action yeah because
this this is a to click trigger there's
a soft click and a full click apparently
if you if you choose soft you know soft
click is like a hair trigger okay
because it played fine for binding of
issac binding of issac I actually don't
think is a good test toward because
binding of isaac isn't a isn't a 360 a
twin stick shooter I started I want to
play it with a real 360 twin stick
shooter to see if I can get all full
range of motion that would be really
cool test finally Isaac was fine just
because then you know the joystick moves
Isaac and that I just pressed the
buttons for shooting so that was not a
good test bad things are happening yeah
yeah that happens doing poorly that
happens yes Emery I am talking about
giving Mike abundant when I say another
Blue Moon I mean giving Mike a whole
bunch of Blue Moon beer and hope that
he's drunk enough to stay here with us
that is that's exactly my plan
yeah I've been playing a lot of tf2 with
the controller just cuz that is my game
of choice and I feel like that will give
me a really good idea of how it handles
as a first-person shooter which i think
is really important and you know that's
a fast enough game and it's a game I
know well enough where I can feel
comfortable trying it out and so far
I've been doing all right
I actually I was playing a sniper
earlier not in the stream but just in
life and you know sniping no headshots
but you know hittin people which is good
Oh FTL could be an interesting test
that's true that's you know I that's
basically rich in eyes plan because we
you know this is the next prereq episode
is talking about this brawler and
literally our only plan is just to play
as many games with it as humanly
possible
every single type of game like can this
be your one controller I mostly want to
see if I can get it comfortable if I can
be comfortable playing an FPS on this
whereas I am totally not with a
controller like it on 60 commands like I
will never fucking play Halo solely
because of you'd have to play with a
controller xmax
except for the first one metaphor
whatever technically
wasn't technically the first Halo and I
was a Mac only I want to say that might
be true or the game Halo was based off
it had a PC release
I know Halo had a PC release but we
think so too hunchback jack we like the
camera seeing this yeah yeah
in fact it this is now how I'm going to
shoot our first four hours of you know
why you get to see all of our
shenanigans but much more game I like
this I like this better than how we shot
the first episode I think eyeshadow Oh
our net our next episode of next four
hours first four hours of it chat more
like this we're we're kind of like
closer maybe beckon might do a green
screen effect out or something but I
like this
I dig this I think does that works
they're saying I was correct hey oh hey
Llewyn was announced for Mac he was
first developed for Mac then Microsoft
bought out Bungie and went straight to
Xbox you know no region originally Halo
was going to be a Mac realtime strategy
game yep I heard that I don't know who's
gonna be Mac that's really funny
obviously things went very differently
things are very literally the exact
opposite real-time strategy Mac it's a
first person shooter Windows only
machine yeah this is as a mouse and
keyboard this is playing pretty decently
right now yeah yeah how does it like how
do you think the trackpad feels on your
thumb like really natural yeah I'm blown
away by the awesomeness of it I mean but
if I can't use a mouse and keyboard
somewhere aren't you aren't you blown
away that like you know isn't it I
always find it more comfortable to hold
a controller the mouse and keyboard II
it's it's a pain in the butt set things
up if you wish to use a mouse and
keyboard on the couch cuz I can do it I
can do it fairly comfortably you gotta
have a board or something for the mouse
and then something to prop up I don't
use your keyboard is a keypad either on
my knee or preferably a pillow or
something but if I could grab this that
would be a lot more convenient
I see like even for me if I'm at my desk
like just leaning back in my chair I you
know I like having like just having the
controller there was a halo RTS spin-off
I want to say wasn't it um oh god I know
nothing about the Halo universe oh I'm
just not gonna
I can talk but oh that's what it is halo
wars wait I don't need something I'm
doing it again
great um I don't know if we're gonna get
to the seventh guests this month
first spooky tober I I don't I'm sorry I
don't know if we're gonna get to it I
forget if the 7th guest is a straight-up
point-and-click it wasn't more of a
puzzle game I think in a way it can go
fuck it's it's a it's a point-and-click
but they said like I think someone said
that like every puzzle is relegated to
its own room so you never have to like
pick something up and then take it to
new different rooms so it's like a
point-and-click puzzle little thing but
it's supposed to be spooky maybe we'll
get to it I I have no plans I know I'm
not here next Sunday and you know
Wednesday we have something planned I'm
sure and next Sunday I'm not here and
then we have Wednesday and then that's
it then then that spooky tober and I
really want us to play that a house on
the haunted tail board game because
that's super spooky like spooky
everywhere and like this this is the
look at their skeletons this is like
this is a mix rich of spooky Tober the
steam controller you know what was
spooky
trying to figure out how the steam
controller works that was really spooky
a little spooky that was a little
spooktacular
yeah so basically you solve an abstract
puzzle in each room which unlocks more
rooms in the mansion until you win the
game actually that sounds kind of neat
you know what you need something for
Wednesday I think we haven't figured out
Wednesday I know Wednesday's Back to the
Future day and there are any kind of
good back to future game we applied
things really bad
something with time travel there's
probably something with time travel we
could play but I don't know I know Back
to the Future 2 is playing at my local
movie theater Wednesday night just to
the kit they couldn't be bothered to do
a free movie is a marathon Wow
what the fuck - is the one you want to
do it's that it's the Back to the Future
2 day right yeah you don't like betrayal
at house on the hill I I love betrayal
at house on hell that's the game I'm
talking about it's so much fun you build
the house as you as you go and it's
randomly generated like the cards on the
board game betrayal a thousand male and
then depending on like what happens in
what rooms you're in when a certain
thing happens that that's what dictates
like what kind of game it is there's
like 50 options for what like the spooky
bad guy is and you never know what it's
gonna be it's super fun it is super
super fun
the chant goes into subscriber mode
every once in a while if the mods think
that the chant is getting a little crazy
yeah usually leave that up to the mods
that is a perk of subscribing if the
chat gets a little crazy
obviously it's like that's part of their
call we can do twister twister is a
pretty fun game yeah you wanna do
twister on Wednesday
why would I want to twister what does
that have to do back to the future I
don't think they know makers I think
you're wrong about betrayal at house in
the hell being dependent on luck you
know it's it's new every time I think
you can be you can be lucky in the game
but there are there are ways around it
I've been playing a lot of the the
Marvel legendary game recently the
deck-building shield Marvel game and
really enjoying that that's been my my
board game of choice lately and it's
extra nice because it has a two-player
mode so Lisa and I can just play if it's
just us cuz we're nerds and we like the
board games
even do a monkey yeah munchkin is fun
money you know what munchkin is a really
great way to get people into it's it's
very simple light and cute and yet
there's a ton of different munchkin
cards and I think that's that was one of
the first games that we played to help
to help get some friends into the deck
building genre and and work very well
also the Penny Arcade deck building game
is very fun very fun and lots of lots of
crude humor ask rich about the tell-tale
back to the future that's a recent game
about back to you very dialogue heavy as
far as game goes it's just like mostly
walking around talking to people
yep and we'll be talking over it yep I
thought about it yeah I kind of ruled it
out and is that the one with their voice
acting - well Michael J Fox the
impersonator sounds great though yeah
bridges of riches playing this game
which is generally a mouse and keyboard
game with the steam controller and later
I will be playing some platformers with
the controller
we're not gonna play Chrono Trigger fuck
off
mixed with Alana flake an hour a night
you really want me to shit all over
another beloved game mmm they probably
think about that they do they love it
they love it they love to hate rich
that's true they love the hate and then
when we hate they love to hate our a
it's like a it's like a hate tornado hey
don't hate NATO we're just still getting
it we're gonna as soon as he's done
playing we're gonna we're gonna get
riches feeling with thoughts hopes and
dreams about using this controller for
this game I'm okay using that for this
game yeah sorry that was easy
he's okay with it do you think going
forward that this will replace your
mouse and keyboard no no I mean for this
game like you wanna pick up this know if
I'm at my desk I'm still gonna use my
mouse yeah yeah oh but I've used this
for a few hours yeah saying much so it
has it hasn't immediately one you are no
okay I was never going to happen what if
it did what if it was so amazing
well it's not well I mean it could have
is all I'm saying
are you okay me yeah of course
hey sure no no never I mean I'm fine I'm
fine okay why what's up yeah it was
gonna what's going on is I'm trying to
kill thee sculpting them how's that
working for you
Oh poorly no okay poorly this guy is too
little help to do anything
great now rich doesn't look like he's
jerking up we're gonna just that camera
next time no because then like buddy old
pal
I don't want I don't want our crotches
in the shot that's important to me
it's important to everybody that's
important to everyone not to have our
crotches in the shot and you happen to
have the controller directly in front of
your crotch so yeah that's why I was
doing it up here I gotta do what's
comfortable
I know people's down well what sit down
well I'm just googled it down well game
a curious game about a young person
falling battling enemies with gun boot
swats collecting treasures and sometimes
visiting shops who it's on iOS it's on
iOS Android and PC three bucks three
bucks on iOS
okay simple responsive controls designed
for mobile from the ground up and
procedurally generated all right yeah
that sounds like exactly my kind of jam
eggs early gun boobs now gun boots to
get gun beats gun boobs boobs
you can choose to upgrade them but then
your character will slowly lose health
with back problems I mean that could
totally be a Japanese game gun boobs I'm
sure it already is is there a gun boobs
game yes of course there is a gun boobs
game oh yeah I would get it for Steam
but like just thinking about playing
games on the phone you know fuck it on
the phone procedurally generated
pixelated twin-stick shooter it's it is
know how to fix elated I need to fix
later but it's not a twin shape twin
stick shooter there's an XCOM styled
Ghostbusters game called ghost control
Inc okay I'm writing this down I know
that's really a Ghostbusters game the
thing officially licensed Ghostbusters
Dean monarch gustibus team list makes me
feel goon Arrakeen we've already talked
about how little we care about the Star
Wars poster no fucks
it's fucking poster poster get over
yourself we don't care about it I'm very
I'm very sorry and I hope that seeing
the poster like fills you with joy but
we're done we're don't care I'm dead
I've played rocket League with the steam
controller it's fine it's absolutely
fine I did not utilize any of the
special pads while playing rocket leaves
oh I'm basically I'm just dead
yeah yeah okay ghost control was a
kick-started game is it still in early
access no ghost busting makes me feel
good good it that makes me feel good
them every once in a while I guess
Buster's no no no no no no no no nah
this is if anyone if anyone if anyone
has ever seen pork pork in space I do
that I love doing the Lionel voice no no
my name is line L dinner
pork pork pork pork yeah I love that
pork parking space boys that's that is
one of my favorite voices is that Lionel
voice living sometimes sometimes it
makes me giggle so much that it makes a
day worth it if it's been a rough day
I'll just start talking like this hmm
I like SpaghettiOs it makes me giggle
it makes me giggle
he's making I make myself laugh
constantly I am the person that finds me
the funniest no one will ever find me as
funny as I do there's your problem no
one will ever find me as funny as I do
and I'm okay with them oh speaking of
have you seen the new Muppets no you
know what there's a quality or is it
unqualified dolts yeah and I guess I
wasn't expecting that I was thinking
it'd be more like the original Muppets
which was more like Keita orientated but
still had salt insulted in pepper pepper
tin not salted in it Oh
peppered in adult humor this is 100%
like an adult sitcom yeah yeah that's
fine
I think the fans are all at this point
sure but you know it made it it just I
don't know it lost some of the charm for
me that way they lost some of the heart
so I was like like I guess I just didn't
really care kids don't care about the
Muppets yeah but then I don't care about
them because like to me then it stops
because it stops having that heart and
it's just about like Kermit getting over
his bad relationship with Miss Piggy
it's like I don't care about that
they're fucking Muppets here I don't
care that Kermit has a new girlfriend
fuck it man
when you hate it so I will probably you
know what it's great you know I'm sure I
will love it because you hate Farscape I
don't understand that yeah yeah you
might I mean I'm not saying it's bad is
it just definitely wasn't what I was
expecting you know yeah and so maybe
just my expectations were so off then
watching it almost made me feel weird
like yeah you know
like it's it's about Kermit's working
relationship with Miss Piggy
now that they've broken up Fozzie Bear
has a girlfriend whose parents are
slightly bear racist bear racist yeah
yeah they're specious they're specious
as well there yeah and it's very it's
very strange it's it's a it's very much
in the style of wedding color it's like
mockumentary style yeah and it's it was
just a little a little off
she asked off off enough yeah I didn't
much care for first deep yeah oh I'm
sorry for opening up what's yours I'm
not supposed to care its parody I don't
think it is parody I think they're
trying to legitimately do it and I've
only seen one episode so maybe it
changes after episode 1 but episode 1
was not a parody or not a very good
parody because they never seemed to be
making fun of the style trappings it's
the muff as' that's-- oh that's a good
way of putting it
this was great the Memphis yeah the
jokes aren't there jokes out there the
heart's not there it's I would not call
it a parody
satire no it's not a satire either they
are legitimately going for this style
and I don't think the jokes are there to
necessitate it exactly it's like the
office or 30 rock but their Muppets
which is fine I like I understood what
the premise was but you know it just
wasn't wasn't for me probably won't be
watching any more of it
what makes me feel good doing the pork
pork force doing the line of voice makes
me feel good you know what makes me feel
good what Boston Boston Boston makes me
feel good plus it makes me feel good
yeah yeah
lots of things make me feel good
went for a nice walk in the woods today
that felt pretty good yeah
not you know cuz that is it's like great
fall weather today where it's just cold
enough where you can go outside in a
jacket and not be too warm move on
you're walking on fuck itself great that
was really nice coffee makes me feel
good and I enjoy drinking coffee it's
not cold enough to make hot coffee at
home and I like that that makes me feel
good
rocket League makes me feel good even
when I'm not doing very well I always
have fun to him and playing rocket woo
you know mostly busting
ah fuck you you little piece of shit
trying to kill that man and it just
wasn't working out for baby okay you
know I enjoy fall and winter I I like I
like the snow I like the cold I like I
like winter
I'm a fan I'm a fan of it's the worst
it's just the worst
it's fine it's okay we have
disagreements in this thing we're going
we're rich is playing this to get a feel
for the controller we will change games
people hate the game
when don't people hate thanks people
always hate things people always hate
the things we do and we're did you just
can't you wait till Ritchie's done with
this thing and then we'll change the
games everybody settle down settle them
very capable orderly okay No
I think everyone would die if they spent
too much time outside in the winter I
don't think that's just huge a Bauman's
beer but I still like it yeah maybe
that's it like I because I work from
home most of the time like I never I'm
too worried about leaving my house maybe
that's why I like winter but I even like
driving in winter it's all crazy you
know what that's like that's like hard
mode dry winter like everyday driving
gets boring everyone's annoying you no
more challenge I'm half vampire half
clown maybe stop missing the 80% shots
you fuck-ups
what am I not paying you for
right we'll star wars ever stop for
making money yes and it will happen I
think sooner than a lot of people
realize you know I think kind of our
generation is prime Star Wars generation
you know you know what once popular
franchise isn't making any kind of money
anymore
what gilgamesh the epic of gilgamesh
homers Homer's Odyssey is right behind
it ours Odyssey if not nothing happened
in there much lately
ah there you go you know every to
everything there is an end to everything
there is an end every giant must fall
eventually
so yes it will it'll happen it'll happen
once our nostalgia starts to wane I
don't think that the next generation
doesn't have as much love for it or they
have ironic love for it so it'll it will
slowly it will it will slowly meander to
a clumsy death
everything that happens do you know that
what do they say like speaking of brands
that are doing then this is the first
year that um McDonald's will lose
franchises yep yeah
every they've grown they've grown every
single year except for this one this is
the first downward year it's not easy to
stay on top as it is let alone stay on
top forever forever forever people don't
realize how long forever is now the
question is yeah will Star Wars stop
being popular stop making money in your
lifetime that is a different question
that's a better question that's a better
question will Star Wars stop making
money within our lifetime so we like
assuming we have an average life that's
another one 4050 years hmm I'm gonna say
yes I'm gonna say I'm gonna say at least
at the tail-end Star Wars won't be the
money-making powerhouse that it is now
III I'm inclined to agree hmm but what
do I know
we know nothing I'm an idiot we know
nothing of the business side and you
know I think the other thing is now that
it's owned by Disney like Disney likes
that it makes money but it also has like
every other franchise that makes money
and so they can take turns you know take
a little while shell shell Star Wars
push Marvel a little bit you know take a
little shove that push Pixar a little
bit they
go back to star wars if they have the
restraint to do that now they might just
keep running it into the ground one of
all of them gonna make a picture every
year Oakland everybody wrote one huh oh
dear oh god rose one will open opposite
Ironman 5 and the Pixar new short it's
gonna be huge
while we're simultaneously pulling out
daredevil season 18 yeah new Star Wars
ranked oz bag so you can whack up into
the bag would see the appeals picture on
it that was cup catcher is the r2d2
fleshlight it beeps with every thrust
look good we do something I just I can't
move him oh I didn't know if we had to
stop the bid because he were doing no no
no no no keep on I I just I was confused
why I couldn't move for a second there
something speaking speaking games you're
on Princess Leia fresh light 2015
version oh it's just some others 1977
versions
nobody's rides 2015 ones so strange
sounds phrase that's actually uh that's
actually something that we do with the
boys toys is you know we get it we had a
lot of toys especially around birthdays
and Christmas right they open them up
they usually forget about half of them
so the ones that we noticed they're not
playing with literally we just take them
out of the play area and put them in a
closet somewhere and then like midway
through the year we'll just start
swapping toys and then it's like they
have fresh brand-new toys all year round
they love it I think if they knew we
were doing it they wouldn't they would
want all of their toys all the time but
because we hide some of them and refresh
as needed they they end up playing with
more of their toys so you know Disney
just just saying heads-up call me you
need to help hiding your franchises I
know a great clot I know a great closet
boys toys does sound like a female punk
band here right it's I mean it's true if
anyone has kids or has been around kids
you know like they usually have like a
an area full of toys and half of them
more than half they never touch to
choose one toy that's their favorite of
the week
hide them give them back to him later
it's almost like they get presents twice
it's great like we you think I like to
be practical and more importantly I like
to be cheap don't we uh mm-hmm why can't
you humor does he for you what I'm
talking about oh I use some once already
this way I can't do anything all right
all right
I'm Bink dumb big dumb dummy he big dumb
dummy
can use my mega archers to kick some ass
no thanks around try things are on track
great you doing it my dad used to hide
our toys that's what my kids will tell
their therapist one day they don't know
all they know is one day they get new
toys they don't even remember them from
Christmas or whatever hey I don't
remember
oh I haven't played with this in so long
I love playing with this now whereas if
they would have had it the whole time it
would have been like oh that's stupid
thing I hate that stupid toy
we need new toys you need this new
stylus cup kitchen $39.99 here's the
pitch here's the pitch
okay the lightsaber fleshlight it has a
kinetic response so with every thrust
you build up battery power so after you
jerk off it glows in the dark huh huh
get your sword fight on then get your
lightsaber fight on you can play with
your friends well I like it but be
careful how we market the force with
these Star Wars sex toys we'll be very
careful about the wording in our ads you
can't use too much force you can't use
too much force
coming up next a line of Star Wars date
rape drugs may the force be with you oh
I'm so fired you never die ever
apparently not in my lifetime
you sent us an inquiry what
well I by Star Wars stories for my good
oh I already have I got you know my
we're a big Lego house and I've already
seen a couple like of the new lego sets
on sale here in there I'm grabbing them
already for Christmas and stuff so of
course I mean then we're gonna go see it
we're gonna go see the new Star Wars
movie they recently re-watched the
original trilogy and are super into Star
Wars I mean the only trilogy as far as
I'm telling them it's the only trilogy
that's great
I'm not telling them that the prequels
exist I fully applaud that movie right I
don't know if I've talked about that on
screen before but as far as my boys are
concerned the own the only movies are
the original trilogy we what did we see
recently they have that that Star Wars
rebels show yeah it's pretty it's
alright it's a kids show but it's
alright Bobby well I would buy
blood-borne toys for my kids oh pardon
me absolutely fucking 80% chance John
you fucker so so ya know we saw it we
saw the original trilogy and they loved
it and the thing that surprised me most
was how much they loved Empire Strikes
Back
really even as children oh yeah and way
more than Episode four way more than a
new hope they were so into Empire you
know why cuz Luke Skywalker fight
started yeah oh yeah much better battles
like 80% more spaceships all about the
spaceships you know like there is that
cool there's the cool asteroid scene is
Cloud City great stuff
great stuff when you send me an inquiry
about what is it in the messages what's
happening
what did they think of July as related
to Empire oh you know what I think they
were into Empire more billing over in
Jedi over Jedi absolutely that's
shocking I don't know like I don't know
if they were if they were just kind of
like you know we watched all of them
throughout the course of a week so I
don't know if they were if they I mean
they liked it but I felt like they were
more into Empire they enjoyed it they
didn't have much to say about the Ewoks
and I thought that was gonna be the big
selling point for him huh
but they liked it but I felt like they
were this is gonna sound weird I felt
like they were more they're paying
attention more to Empire you just use
why disbelief oh I just want to believe
that episode for you oh by comparison a
new hope is incredibly boring like it's
very slow it's very very slow oh you
know what and I'm seeing sorry everybody
I'm seeing like a bunch of messages in
our in our other folder on Twitch so I'm
sorry if I have not gotten back to you
if you've sent us a message on twitch
that which is really bad about what they
think is spam so everything goes to the
spam folder and I'm just saying now that
we have a bunch in here
I'm responding to a couple of you right
now
but you are spam that one is spam
doo-doo-doo-doo this is exciting
I'm getting back to your messages it's
probably a bad level to start with what
do this oh yeah something super
meticulous about it not quick that's
okay that's okay I need to take a moment
and get back to these you guys know how
important it is for me we'll be done
will be done short light too good for
everybody hates this game yeah I got a
clear shot of the bridge now
great
it's important to me to respond to
messages that I feel need a response I
think I've talked about this before and
I feel really bad that I that I haven't
been checking this folder so if you sent
me a message on twitch and haven't heard
back from me check your messages now cuz
I'm getting back to you oh right now
live chat what was he helping him
you ever heard my slo-mo voice no if you
like Jam the front of your tongue behind
your teeth and kind of make it curl up
you can do a really great slo-mo voice
there we go
this is what I pay $4.99 a month for
that's why I decided to do the slow-mo
voice I thought you might like that
better than me replying to replying to
twitch message Casper Jack makes himself
laugh all the time
it's it's what I do just most of the
time I just deal with it just deal that
it's it's all you can do you no one can
stop me no one can stop me from laughing
at myself
it's terrible it's terrible terrible
okay what's going on what's happening
come on is this what's going on what's
going on what's going on is you get to
play a platformer what yes what now that
everybody hates this wonderful game
because probably the least exciting
level to start off right because it's
pretty slow read that message and you
decide if you want to respond to that
zero who is that from the Brier the
Brier your chances are zero I probably
should have gone to spam what do you
guys want you want spelunky or Super
Meat Boy the choice she is your
