More Bloodborne - Hack & a Half (Part 2)
April 5, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VmDl3lhRoA4

first weight isn't as interesting as
Tony Stark is yep that's what you're
gonna end up with yep what led Batman be
a ninja just let it happen that's the
fun Batman yes that is the fun Batman
which shoe is your favorite film version
of Batman I don't like any of them I'll
take I'll take Michael Keaton over the
rest button I'm still not super fond of
those those movies I hate I hate any of
the armor-plated Batman's for one yes I
think I I think Michael Keaton has done
the best job as both Bruce Wayne and
Batman only because he has spent the
least amount of time in a suit like if
you look at if you look at you know
Batman Batman Batman
Michael Keaton oh that's right I want to
go this way I know Kevin Conroy but I
assume the question was talking about
live-action yeah Kevin Kevin Conroy he
is Batman to me yes I'm talking about
live-action here we are I'm not super
and we are I'm not super thrilled with
anything right Michael Keaton spends
time in the Batcave just being a fucking
fucking dog fucking dog I'm gonna kill
you in your fucking cages dicks now I'm
gonna kill you all
congratulations I was gonna leave you be
but now I'm gonna kill you in your cages
you do that thing you just said you were
going to do if I can kill you all I'm
gonna murder you because two of you
jumped out
I feel kind of bad about killing them in
their cages not bad enough to where I
won't do it though I think my cook even
does the best job yeah let's just meet
up well I suppose it's a lot of people
yeah I'm a hunter I was gonna say I
don't know we're talking about Patman
and and Michael Keaton and why you like
Michael Keaton wait why can't I tell her
about the safe place and Christian Bale
is probably oh god he's terrible no it's
not as bad it's not as bad as Clooney oh
good he's good
fail as a horrible Pat honey Clooney he
didn't even try right like like he just
put zero that mean that was just phoned
in and and bell see he just did a
horrible job
that's the difference
didn't even try versus terrible at it
yeah agreed
I agree I'm trying to get my blood I'll
take Kilmer over either and he's not
great either
no they have not nailed Batman I yearn
for the day here's all I'm looking for
I'm gonna be really practical with my
expectations of of Batman in the next
Batman V Superman movie here is my only
expectation this is all I want I want a
Batman that can turn his neck that's it
give me a Batman that can turn his head
to look around and I will be somewhat
satisfied because that's ridiculous
people saying bill was a great Bruce
Wayne well Bruce Wayne for one Bruce
Wayne is the least important part of the
equation
Batman is really the important aspect of
the character for second I think I think
he'd better burger Bruce Wayne Keaton
did a much better Bruce Wayne Keaton was
eccentric he had he had more mystery
about him Bale was trying to play up the
like the do the the duality you know
like like no I'm trying to live a
playboy life but also you know be Batman
but fuck that who cares about that okay
he would they were trying he did the
phoney version of Bruce Wayne and as he
was he was great at playing a complete
fucking sham yeah sure whatever you know
remember to open the shortcut that is
literally all I was doing that run was
opening the shortcut okay
I don't I if if Aflac sucks at Batman I
am not blaming Affleck
I think slack Aflac a flick flick flick
flick effects it's not a he's not
Gilbert Godfried was I suppose like I
say no Batman doesn't move his head in
the dart and move his head in the Dark
Knight like that's a big thing is like
talking about how a they can't move his
head because of costume reasons Affleck
didn't they alter it though for the Dark
Knight they altered the costume event I
thought I forget I forget I think I
think the later two movies he might have
been able to move his head a bit but he
stole the costume still looks awful it
just looks terrible weird ass random
black armor pieces you know it's just
disgusting look at its disgusting to
look well that I mean that might be it's
disgusting
this great I think I think Arkham City
might have the best version of a
realistic Batman costume okay yeah I
haven't played that yep okay so I've
done the important part which is which
is open up the shortcut I am now gonna
run past the ogre uh-huh because I don't
want to deal with them I'm gonna fight
the hair monster yeah
okay I'm now fighting the hair monster
and I'm sure he has better namely big
cleric and beast
oh fuck they were my blood echoes
something I just saw nice okay here we
go
gonna try to use my gun nope that wasn't
when you could use it by the way
dodj
what
so like what like I just can't and it's
it's me it's not the game it's 100% me I
just can't figure out when to use that
stupid dodge or the stupid Oh tired and
senses reg Batman wears armor in Arkham
City but it's more of a Kevlar and
fabric yeah I never said he should be
wearing spandex III think Arkham City is
like the best compromise mm-hmm he
shouldn't look like Iron Man he
shouldn't have solid metal armor pieces
that that is like a mechanical suit rich
when the fuck do you shoot this thing
yeah I don't think you do don't I don't
bother colouring him oh well god damn it
I mean here if it's kinda this this guy
this guy it's better to dodge and hit
him
I've been trying to shoot him for the
past like eight because everyone tells
me anything to get it better at shooting
him wow I don't Jack I've never died to
this guy Wow I'm become only a couple
times but still never died never died to
this guy the very first time I fought
him I did not die okay so that was my
first time dying
neither time neither of time I fought
him will say levels yeah yeah base stats
because you don't even get to upgrade
until after you run into this guy right
so I can do it I know you're not a
terrible gamer I know you can do it jack
just be smart do you just get in hit him
he'll when you need to you're if you're
close to halfway down and health heal
instantly
which the Dark Knight comic book Batman
wears a robot suit to beat up Supes
four-for-one the end the whole last half
of the Dark Knight is about being
batshit crazy and one he wears it
approximately once for a small section
of that story and it's not even the best
part of the day so you really got me
there yeah yeah he told you rich he
wears it once for a very specific reason
in a story that's that's going out of
its way to be completely over the top at
the end hmm I mean Batman Batman stops
Arkham Gotham from going into chaos by
riding in on a horse back and beating
everybody off the Dark Knight ends he
storms in with an army of thugs he's
converted into good guys all on
horseback and they just they just beat
everybody up and restore order
yeah
take it easy I'm taking it easy race
we're saying Frank Miller is a shit
writer read year one and see if you
still feel that way because a lot a lot
of people like to cite the Dark Knight
as his is his grand opus I think it's
your one yeah you know what your one is
simple your what is down-to-earth
yeah your one is is down there
mother
oh fuck when did you start doing that
moon which batman brilliant villain
would you most like to see in a movie
well the kind of a problem with Batman
is that the answer is always the Joker
and then you get sick of the Joker but
he's still really the only enemy you
ever want to see bat bad right it's a
catch-22 I'm sick of the Joker I haven't
juggers the only interesting villain huh
it doesn't have the Joker in it but I'm
sick of the joking
I'm gonna make a pac-man video game
without the chokers favorite villain I'm
so sick of seeing the dog where the
games the damned if you do you're damned
if you don't
and yeah I do like to face but he's a
step down from the Joker any of Batman's
villains are a huge step down from the
Joker oh boy I glitched for a second
like the camera got stuck on something
I mean he's he's - he's - perfect a any
contract for Batman Batman is grim
serious hello who loves and the Joker is
this uncle light-hearted murderous chaos
I mean they they're just such stark
contrasts on another it's it's it's
absolutely perfect
yeah yeah you know Superman's archenemy
is a weak smart guy your alpha man super
strong super fast and his archenemy is
just this a week I'm fast it's too
perfect
I did hey rich I did it I did I feel
pretty good about that I feel pretty
good about that ah I'm really glad that
I did that ah Jack got good that's right
I did got good quiet Terps s Hugo
Strange in Arkham City would have worked
as the main villain yeah he should have
but that game instantly diverges into a
joker side quest and that's that's 90%
of the game Batman just can't get away
from the Joker no no he can't and and
you know part of that is is the writers
fault and part of that is our fault for
wanting that and yeah and if they did do
that ultimately we would be let down
hmm also yes I did not or I did pick up
the blood-stained yes for those who are
you asking if hypothetically the the Ben
Affleck Joker actually works
hypothetically not the Ben Affleck bad
people are just gonna be waiting people
people aren't people are gonna be
waiting for the Joker version and that
universe mm that's gonna happen
possibly the answer is possibly I don't
know I don't know you know what I'm
gonna take a moment here take a moment
and thank some subscribers I see three
new subscribers ah
first person curler thank you for
subscribing ran nine gonzo ran Agha's Oh
ran Agha's oh thank you for subscribing
and Vertica subscribing we very much
appreciate all of them it's really true
psychosis
I think that's how you pronounce that cy
k o ux i acai coaxes yeah thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it it's
true we do okay rich now we got it we
got to choose some stuff to level up
okay this is all in your hands or should
I just see what happens if I kill her oh
did we ever try that no yeah Rich's
audio glitch for a second I could only
assume that was internet-based but he's
fine now channel a blood angles I'm not
gonna stop you from doing what you're
going to do I'm not gonna kill her I'm
not gonna kill her Master Kenobi says
the Cubs lose oh great
it's a great day is it it's a beautiful
day
oh my god I get to upgrade so many
things yeah I started a new game just
because for the price a someone asking
did rich beat the game or something or
as Jack started a new game this is Jack
playing and I have started a new game
just cuz I wanted to kind of main a
different weapon I wanted to just mess
around with some other stuff and more so
like just to see how much easier the
game was now that I know how to play it
you know riches rich in eyes like first
couple of hours in the game obviously
really terrible terribly tough and so I
get I get eight upgrades here rich see I
started a new game like yesterday and I
made a past father garcy own without
dying wants to nice nice let's see yeah
these are all tough or it's like to me
you know you my usual thing is wanting
to up endurance as much as
can because I know I dog drool a lot
yeah and so I'll put two in endurance
skill I'll put one two three and scale
was that to physical defense in arcane
like what happened to might like arcane
and blood tinge I you still don't really
understand what they do blunt edges for
blood tinges for guns are canes for like
fire damage electric damage oh sure
well I'm not doing any of that now so
I'll just put the rest in strength and
Oreo Speedwagon says don't complain
about the Cubs rich well I'm gonna
complain about the Cubs cuz I hate them
I know it's not really a complaint I'm
I'm glad they lost right I hate the Cubs
I want to see them lose every game this
season right every single game
or I want to see them win every other
game this season other than the one they
lost today and then gets swept out of
the first round of the playoffs again
and then I want them to blame it on a
fan in the stands who caught a fall ball
because that's the kind of shitty thing
that comes at the Cubs fans would do I
mean that that that 2003 team with the
Bartman I mean that team completely
fucking classless everybody on that
fucking team blamed a fucking fan for it
ruined his life Oh
and then I I lived the Chicago area I
thought you know I heard about the
shenanigans that went out with that team
I mean they bitched and moaned and
blamed everything but themselves yeah
yeah oh wait do you get blood echoes for
doing stuff for like dancing for her do
you I've never danced for her
I felt like I didn't have any blood
echoes and then I and then I did a joy
and I got some well maybe I had some
left and I'm just doing gestures in
front of her now I was like me me and
Karen once just just just for fun we we
we went to a a out of town minor-league
baseball playoff game okay you know our
local team to live five minutes away it
wasn't playoffs and we went out of town
for a playoff game and and the fans
there you know realize we're rooting for
the team from the Chicago area and
everyone's like the Cubs so and our only
response was we agree with you yes they
do they're awful
I was it if I do this like she claps for
you right yeah the pity clap I love that
uh I feel better now
alright alright I've upgraded my shit I
guess I still have some blood echo I
have like some cold blood do and I'm
gonna hold onto them for my next level
up experience hatha says rich just
because you hate something doesn't mean
you have to hate something else that's
right I don't have to hate something
else but in this case I do have to date
the clothes you just that's just that's
that's not connected you just take the
Cubs yeah I've known a lot of Cubs fans
were assholes about it hmm
I'm not gonna kill the doll I'm on a
real run right now what happened i I do
really I'm really curious what happens
if you kill the doll I really am but I'm
not gonna do it
you got a badge to buy crap you can buy
the other starter items now if you want
others yes I know I can do that now but
this is what happened like last game
when I was just playing by myself I also
started with the cane and then really
quickly like before I fought that boss
before I thought I've fought the next
boss I changed my weapons huh and never
looked back I really want to see what
this cane has to offer I've heard
actually I just heard I think I just
heard you say like some interesting
stuff happens with the cane well I'm not
using myself I've read online that some
people are pretty fond of it yeah yeah
it's interesting it's a it's a weird
weapon and you lose it's a cool weapon
yeah full credit for that and I'm trying
to get better with reposting or whatever
it's called just whatever kind of
fucking fancy name they wanted still a
parry
yeah it is and I'm trying to get better
with pairing and I feel like this weapon
will force me to get better at it if
there's any logic in that because it is
on the weaker side
and because you know like in its quick
form over em it doesn't have you it
doesn't have the the reach that like
some of the other weapons down I feel
like it's going to force me to learn
this this gun which which also like is
just I know a big part of the game that
I have not been employing Jeff what what
did you upgrade when you upgraded I
upgraded stamina yeah I upgraded a
little bit of strength and I have got a
suit that's okay with the cane yeah we
want to focus on skill and I did have
great skill skill like you've got bigger
stuff grade the strength is kind of a
waste why cuz the cane it with the
determining factor and how strong the
cane is comes from skill you know you
get a better boost from skill than you
do with strike oh okay well next time
they'll do that then so you're you're
doing it wrong good to know I just I
just wanted to let you know that you're
doing it wrong I thought that was
important you know it always is rich I
want to go this way everyone's talking
about weapons you should grab and Jack
started a new game he's nowhere near any
of that shit no I'm about to get to the
saw spear
now well they're mentioning things like
the rifle spear which you're not oh I
don't think you're terribly close to
that the cannon that's that's oh that's
really cool relatively speaking to where
you are now it's far away yeah cannons
really far away and there's no way I'm
gonna get enough strength to use the
camera you need you need something like
thirty base strength just to carry the
cannon dog died dog
and die dog so I'm probably I mean we're
not going to see the cannon tonight in
in my other game I'd like to raise up
enough strength fig to use a cannon I
have the cannon in the other game but I
don't have enough strength to use it why
can't I tell this lady about the healing
center have you unlocked that yet I
thought I did I guess yeah maybe in your
old game I think you're too early in
this one I don't think you could you get
even that until after you Father Garcia
and then you have to go back to the
clinic and then you have to talk the
lady and then you toss talk to the woman
half the Cathedral you know you know I
figure you know different different
things happen depending on who you send
where to so all right so here no I don't
you know much about what happens at the
clinic yet I don't okay
I've been I've been sending most people
to the church yep
okay okay just I know for no particular
reason yeah something I'm just gonna
avoid talking about it cuz you haven't
fuck around about Sam
have you even been in the fuck through
that back entrance I used are you still
up in those rafters no I I accidentally
fell now I think I I haven't seen it
myself yet but I heard there's like a
secret room up there if you knock some
of those yeah barrels away and there's
there's somebody in that room you can
talk to you for a side question I see if
I can get back up there I I fell and I
fell far I fell a lot you rat I for the
record chat I have not beaten the game I
where I am at in the game is I have
fairly recently well you know I I did
kind of yesterday restarted just just
just try and respect a different
character but but in the save I'm
farther in I am just past the the spider
boss okay
get back up there
whoa shit am i you're gonna die
I might die I might die and I died fuck
yeah what do we do when we foal we get
back up and keep playing this game I did
this afternoon while I was waiting for
some footage to render out I'm working
on the Edit for this episode now and I
completely dict the lighting by the way
yeah mostly on you so there is a super
you if you turn your head just the right
way yeah super harsh shadow huh and it's
you know it's just something that we're
gonna have to live with and I was able
to fix it
a little bit I was able to fix it where
hopefully it won't be terribly
distracting but I had to render out some
stuff so I was thinking to myself that I
would just pop on whoa whoa whoa whoa
hey now you usually run away over yeah
you see this is what do you usually do
do you usually back away slowly so I can
kill the crows and peace and now you're
I'm sorry I'm sorry you know you know
what I find interesting about this game
what my a mildly interesting a lot of a
lot of people watch at after I brought
off the you spider boss mom a lot of
people are bitching her all that blah so
I hate the boss what's going on in the
chat yeah I thought he was pretty easy
but but that the blood starve beast
right yeah I was reading some things
online a lot of people think he's super
easy and I was I was just getting
annihilated by that thing yeah me too I
think it's I think that's kind of weird
mmm it's all got to be in like strategy
on how you handle every boss everybody
can play this game a little bit
different did you hear I just like a few
tries hmm and I beat it it was it wasn't
like a super difficult thing for you
yes fascinating did you said they beat
him first try he fucked my ass for like
one and a half days
oh absolutely by the way absolutely the
epaulette star bees yeah eat idli did
you hear about the 12-hour glitch good
Bob
I think I've heard about what you person
by design because they think you're
taking too long with the game so they're
going losing on it which is we don't
know reportedly if you leave your place
that you have to disable the sleep mode
and leave bloodborne running for 12
hours straight
it can even be running just in the
background you know you can have other
apps going bosses become exponentially
easier to beat and there's video
documented proof of a let's player like
going through the same boss battles
after you know normally and then after
the 12-hour run yeah and they are much
easier hmm and yet no one knows if it's
like blood-borne trying to save on RAM
because the it's been running for so
long or maybe it's that maybe it's like
they think you're taking too long to to
beat the game so they want to make it
easier for you but it's it's a weird
glitch I have not taken advantage of it
yet because I'm not that kind of person
well does it have to be continuously
running or just accumulative 12 hours of
game time it has to be continuously
running that's weird that's weird that
sounds like a glitch them yeah right
how do I get this down without falling
you hear about the item duplication
glitch the item which I I think I think
that one's been then patched oh the
pebble glitch yeah yes or you could just
for the price of a pebble you could buy
like a hundred of those things they give
you blood echoes I give out yo mm blood
echoes at the time and you could you
could trade a pebble basically for a
cold blood do ya
is this the secret room because I think
I've talked to this guy before okay well
is this wizard out here really where is
he I I've heard I've read about this I
haven't seen it so take me to the wizard
you'll see okay I'm off to see the
Wizard you'll see wonderful it is I get
he gives you a bold hunter's mark okay
those are another quest he sends you
want I don't know he's still talking to
me I thought it was perfect like a whole
chain of things that have to happen
because when I when I went to replay the
game when I went to respect a new
character I want it because because you
have to kind of build with certain
weapons in mind which is another thing
I'm not super fond of I was just reading
up on what the different weapons were
and how you get them and what I wanted
to play around with on my next run mmm
and and a weapon that you get from this
quest came up that's why I heard about
it oh by the way I I talked to him again
and he gave me something I shake off
Cape keep keep talking to him and she
can't talk him talk to him anymore what
the hell okay
he gave me a something called shake off
Cape that's a girl
well the talks like a dude and now you
can't see his face okay wait what's a
shake off Cape you gotta see what that's
all about
that how's that a wearable no what what
is that
I don't know let's say it's an emote
shaketh cape
Oh shake of cape
oh okay so in my gestures if I if I can
switch wave for shake shake off Cape the
gestures do anything useful is that
justifying some multiplayer bullshit I
can't even get them the trigger right
the only way I've gotten one the trigger
is by going into the the test it out now
menu I'm supposed to shake the
controller a certain way and it never
works for me maybe I've got my
controllers shake features turned off
because I think that kind of stuffs a
little bit stupid I don't know
shake shake a shake of Cape but I don't
have a Cape but I'm still doing it you
have to you have to press a little you
know the front touch pad you have to
press down on the left side of it yeah
and then it gives you the gesture menu
and then you have to just choose the
correct one and hit X well here go back
to the gesture menu what are those what
are the controller motions do them what
is the purpose of that that's only if
you have the PlayStation Move like the
camera attached to your PlayStation and
then okay bar thing okay think
I don't you know also I don't know okay
I can now shake my Cape rich that sounds
amazing I can I don't know what that
does but it's it's in there so maybe if
I shake my Cape at the doll she gives me
something new is that it is that what
you well you know what and I'm still up
in the rafters I'll look for another
room maybe that wasn't the room you were
talking about mm-hmm so you know what
will dick around for a little bit
because somebody's saying you have to
hold X to use those so why don't you try
holding X and doing one of the motions
yeah no you don't hold X he just press X
you press X and then you do the motion
with the controller and they do it no no
you just press X in it oh my god are you
shooting at me no it sounds like they're
saying at any time you're gonna hold
down X shake the controller in the right
direction and it happens that it's not a
PlayStation camera moves oh my god
you're totally right you hold down X and
then you like
yeah that's how you do it that's right
okay okay that is you know what that is
that's a little silly I kind of like it
that's exactly how you do that and what
do you use that for like online play
probably probably so something we don't
generally care about um I don't see any
other secret areas I think that was the
room over there well that was little you
had to talk to that person then that
supposedly starts some kind of big quest
thing okay did you talk to them and they
start repeating the same thing over and
over I did okay so then something else
happens somewhere else I guess and the
story of that continued straight there's
so many things just to discover and this
game is kind of kind of amazing there
are like like that whole thing with the
daughter of one of the bosses I had no
idea that was in the game you found it I
didn't it's such it interesting optional
thing that can happen if you find it yes
I agree such a funny little thing this
this game does exploration and discovery
justice that's a that's a really good
way to put a wrench that is a really
good way to put it ah there you are you
dick
everybody's a dick I love that that's my
favorite thing that they whisper as they
die cuz you Beast
yeah this is not New Game+ this is
starting a new game for a new build just
for the hell of it
yeah we're just kind of dicking around
because we want to dick around not for
any particular reason we're just just
dicking around
well more so I'm doing it I am really
attempting to learn the the counter
system I'm not very good at the counter
system and so I I've chosen a weaker
weapon in hopes that it it forces me to
learn the counter system which I know is
very important and I don't use very
often so also the blood bullets are less
useless than I thought yeah yeah I at
the start of and after I die and come
back yeah
I'll usually right away get some blood
bullets and then I'll just use some vial
to heal me up oh sure it's alright so I
got those five extra bullets oh yeah
absolutely
then I'm then I'm not wasting my quick
silver at all cuz cuz health health
vials so easy to come by
oh yeah especially like in your first
exploration of a level you were going to
just just counting you know we need that
guy now we got to get my treasure all of
my treasures
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck the
rats the rats are not gonna kill me rich
I'm saying this right fucking now I
don't want the rats to kill me they're
definitely going through you I am I am
150 percent sure the rats are going to
kill you on your fucking start I tell
what their hats to kill me I would feel
really bad if the rats killed me I am I
am I am five thousand percent sure the
rats are going to failure you know with
your vote of confidence what killed me
last time I probably something stupid no
no it was a dish it was a dick shitting
on me you are but it's fine
I'm also kind of referencing in my phone
call before every fight Sophia gets less
and less confident your ability to win
every single boss it goes up 100% sure
you uh huh I am one hundred and fifty
percent sure it just goes up every time
Tyrone sloths rope this game as of right
now is a ps4 exclusive yes they say
somebody's saying this game is colorless
and bland say what you will about the
colors the design the art design for
some of the shit this game the
architecture and the enemies and the
costumes is all fucking great yeah every
time I see a new monster I'm fucking
amazed
yes and you know what the the early
levels yes a lot of browns a lot of
Gray's a lot of a lot of muted colors
yeah then you find the lost forest and
suddenly there's a lot of green or you
find skeleton City and all of the
enemies have incredibly bright white
faces no this this this game subverts
every single expectation you can throw
at it
including that it's a bland oh I'm I'm
also at the part of the game where there
is a Blood Moon going on and the whole
sky is fucking red and kind of trippy oh
nice yeah okay here's the spot sauce
beer I'm just gonna quip this for a
second just to show you guys for those
of you who haven't seen it this is the
weapon that I've been that I made but
I'm still using basically and it's an
awesome weapon it's an amazing weapon
behind it's so fuckin badass short form
long form so awesome and then you can
chain all of these super wicked ass
combos with it oh man
fucking love this weapon but we're not
using it fucking love it but we're not
using it we're using the cane we're
using the king all right here we go
fucking love that sauce beer and that's
just a weapon they give you if you
explore you have to you know like and
you have to explore to find it it's not
just waiting in your path you have to be
looking for it but if you you know if
you're just dicking around and looking
for you just find that weapon for free
and it's amazing to be fair bond god ugh
you've only seen jack stream the earlier
parts of this game that is true that is
true
I'll see what well see how far I can get
well it will show you the Forbidden
Forest or something like that someday
there are there are other colors yes and
like I said as far as art design goes I
do really like the look of some of the
stuff mmm oh no monster likes unique
monsters everyone is just great yes this
is the snake things
oh man the snake things the bud things I
haven't gotten to the bug things get the
creepy I'm sure they're creepy
these fucking crow things just creep the
shit out of me I love them
don't don't forget the the hunters set
of clothing in the sewers Jack oh yeah
yeah I just want to I think over here's
where you talk to the girl she's up
she's up another ladder in that area
your ad if you're by the ogre there's a
ladder there's a ladder by that ogre
that goes up yeah yeah that's where she
is okay then I don't want to leave this
or is it yeah oh yeah no there's a lot
more shit in the sewers EMC Lucas says
it's funny every praise you have for
blood-borne can be applied to Dark Souls
1 as well I hope you guys give that
another go sometime
I never I never said I wouldn't I never
I never said I refuse to play Dark Souls
I mean we streamed to that once we
played it for a little bit but oh yeah
it's more of I haven't gotten around to
picking it back up again
especially especially when we first
stream that I my computer wasn't capable
of running it anyway right that was all
streamed on Jack's computer or something
you know I'm sure especially after the
blood-borne I'm sure at some point I'll
get around to it it wasn't it wasn't one
I sworn off on ever playing ever because
I wasn't interesting interested in it
was just it was it's in my pile of I'll
get around to it someday games yes and
you know because of the hard time we had
streaming you know it's just not high on
my priority list but playing and
enjoying blood-borne as much as I have
been does make me want to revisit that
mm-hmm
absolutely guy Oh on that pike and there
are creepy
crows all around I hate you crows and
you know like even later on you get
badass weapons you can kill the crows in
one hit they still freak me the fuck out
so telegin says rich where do you see
our LM in the next five hundred years
probably in a pile of radioactive ash
with everything else yeah I mean I guess
the crazy countries are starting to get
nukes given time your North Korea's your
your Middle Eastern countries you got
your North Korean your Indian your
Pakistan and there's there's we're gonna
we're gonna see more nukes go off at
some time and you in humanity's future I
don't think it's gonna be limited to
those those two times it's gonna it's
gonna happen again at some point
these these are some of my favorite
monsters look at these guys just like
legolas abominations dripping in their
own puke it just takes one to start a
chain reaction of nukes yep one one
crazy person who built one in their
basement and yeah I I remember hearing
something the other day about kind of as
an experiment obviously they didn't have
the materials to do it but they tasked
just some everyday people with designing
just designing a nuclear bomb based on
publicly available materials and they
were able to design one that if they had
the materials to make it wouldn't be a
working bomb oh yeah these are just most
work working with with publicly
available material right
that's fantastic it takes it takes one
suicidal moron like like that fucker who
crashed the plane in where was that at 9
Germany oh yeah it's just one one
suicidal motherfucker who wants to take
a bunch of other people with him is
gonna start World War 3
you know Tyrone says you can't build a
nuke in a basement rich why can't you if
you know how to do it and the important
part is getting your hands on the
material mmm on the nuclear material
that's that's the hold up if you can do
that what would stop somebody that is a
big if but I'm just saying if wouldn't
take much in the grand scheme of things
I mean I think you're right but I'm also
very paranoid I mean the more skeptical
scientists might be right there might be
a perfectly good reason we haven't run
across intelligent life from other
worlds I mean you do know there's a
school of thought that thinks that most
civilizations when once they get to this
point end up destroying themselves
that's a legitimate answer
Fermi's paradox I've actually never I've
never heard that before
is that Fermi's paradox somebody's
paradigm I don't know you're a bigger
nerd yeah but I've never heard that
before but by the way makes 100% sense
because somebody somebody did the math
once the scientists and do the math you
know I've been normally right they
estimated that even even without faster
than light travel some alien
civilization could have easily have
colonized most every planet the galaxy
by now just just just by sending out
slower than Lightspeed vehicles sure
sure I know you can jump attack yeah so
the question is why why haven't we seen
alien law right if it should be
everywhere and one of the answers is
that most civilizations manage to kill
themselves they get to this point and
they nuclear
yeah yeah that makes sense I need to
take on the pig pig like I could be
cheap I might be cheap with the big
hairy feds says it would take thousands
if not millions of dollars to make a
nuclear bomb well you just need one
suicidal crazy rich person then don't
yet okay and we're gonna find a crazy
rich person and that's what you care
about saving your money some asshole was
willing to crash a plane with a hundred
fucking people 100 100 fuckin lives on
board cuz he wanted to take his own life
and they had no problems doing that
right you just need one asshole who
wants to make a bigger gesture
I mean you're right I mean you're right
okay with the ogres I think I got the
parry good they're easy to do it out
that's good training yes I just took out
two ogres in record time
feel good about that opening up new
pathways we're gonna go this way
crazy rich person needs knowledge of
nuclear physics I've just said they they
tasked regular people just with public
knowledge to design a bomb and they
could do it no no reason crazy rich man
could not do that right not at all
freakin seven eight three six you're not
much of a motivational speaker rich no
I'm a sinner I'm a cynic and a pessimist
yes well that with a tiny little
optimist buried somewhere deep down
inside that's slowly dying but never
quite dies all the way because that
would be too easy hope dies last because
hope dies last
that's you somehow found a way to make
it sadder it
I'm gonna try and look up where I heard
this okay about the nuclear bomb being
designed by normal people I wasn't built
they didn't give them they didn't give
them uranium it was just they designed
something on paper that could work as a
nuclear bomb if you had if you had the
materials come over here that's fine we
need anarchism Anarchy would never work
anarchy is doomed to failure by it by
human nature because there's there's
always gonna be some asshole that that
wants power this is why this is why
we've never had food communism is every
time they tried there's Stalin or Lenin
or a Castro who's gonna make themselves
a dictator for life yep and so you never
enter keys never gonna work and if you
could in theory start an anarchy and get
from government you would you would
slowly over years develop a feudal
system with small groups taking X number
of power and you'd have small pockets of
authority and and you just end up with
the same problems with government all
over again anarchy is doomed to failure
I really hope I killed that over yeah
give that over it would be behind me if
I didn't great
lock on the other
fighting werewolves everything's cool
I'll find where else
traditional anarchist always assumed
there would be highly organized society
and that's that's just too optimistic
human nature there's gonna be some
jaggoff some control freak who's gonna
want a little bit more a little bit more
power and everybody else that shit would
break down it might not happen overnight
but eventually that shit would break
down and you'd have little little
pockets of people who gained as much
power as they could and they want more
and there's gonna be all kinds of little
tiny Wars breaking out amongst these
placards and they're they're gonna
slowly consolidate and then you're gonna
you're gonna end up exactly where we are
anarchy would just naturally undo itself
let's talk about pies now we're getting
a little deep you know get a little
heavy talking about the pros and cons of
different governmental systems
gubernatorial systems oh there was the
latter I'm a dummy rich I am a dummy
that's okay though everything BK drummer
is quoting Animal Farm some animals are
more equal than others yes yes
nice first of all nice points you get
points okay great we're doing great link
I made it fun noise it's there
rich there are bad people that's why you
don't give them armies if if you get rid
of government there's nobody to keep the
bad people from paying for their own
private armies yeah then you just have
rich people that you have then you have
local warlords and bad things happen for
for everybody except the local warlord
that felt good that felt good I just I
just tore some shit up with my gun yeah
that felt pretty good
how far are we in our other playthroughs
of blood-borne I I just got to the Blood
Moon and I'm getting my ass kicked now
I'm gonna need to grind a bit more on
that playthrough actually the reason I
restarted was because I think I put too
many points and arcane which I don't
think is doing me much good so I just
kind of want to rebuild Oh
and see how experience with the game
made me better at it and it did and I
got I mean I I went to really far
branching mm-hm
I have a ton of areas open in India like
as far as like actual progression I'm in
the Forgotten forest yeah but I've been
a ton of places
just because I and I'm a big fan
backtracking and all I'm doing now is
actually looking for secrets mmm and I'm
going to a whole bunch of different
places and unlocking paths that I I
didn't think we're there before and just
right now I'm literally dicking around
and loving every moment of it I'm not
trying to get far at the moment so cuz
I'm just you know I'm just enjoying it
Rhett fix rat dicks but and as far as
actual progression I'm in the I'm in the
Forbidden Forest or whatever you call
that close
oh you dick rat like I got that in this
game I got that I forget exactly what
it's called Ludwig's great sword or
Ludwig's ultimate sword and the stats on
that it's scaled with strength skill and
arcane hmm so you know I already had a
lot of points in strength so instead of
investing in in skill the other half of
I put the point I put a lot of points to
arcane right okay and then I finally
found a blood gem that gave me arcane
damage oh wait I can't wait to see what
this does right cuz I got I got 25
strength 15 skill and and 22 arcane and
once you put the gem on for the arcane
damage like the benefits you got from
the strength and skill just vanished and
and the benefit I was getting from that
or that arcane gem and the arcane skill
yeah was wasn't that as good as what
strength alone was getting me so it was
like it was like I wasted a shitload of
skill points into hurricane I was very
irritated and I restarted the game to
respect that's kind of what happened
sure sure
oh my god with my glasses now rich let
me see if I can move the camera I kind
of look badass I look like I look like a
like an alien you'll see in a second I
just I just switched to the hunters garb
I just you know equipped all the hunters
car yeah and kind of looking like a
badass cool no yeah that's kinda neat
now it covers up the Iceland almost
entirely yeah yeah and you know Ludwig's
holy blade I I tried that like I did all
weapons and just the thing with it is
you know in the strong form you're using
two hands so you don't get the gun but
you can you'd always switch to one and
use the gun oh sure sure
but I because I don't use parrying I I
switched the gun out for a flamethrower
because because I don't use the bearing
and so I it just it didn't make any
sense for me now now what I want to know
with C I wish I wish I wish the game
explained some of the stats that stuff
because I don't know how it works like
when you have a weapon that that scales
in both strength and skill does it just
take the larger of the two into
consideration like if you have a a you
know you're better off just putting all
your your your points into strength or
skill or do you want to evenly
distribute it between both like what
what gives you the greater benefit this
is just does it just benefit from the
larger one or is the average both or is
the things I don't know when I'm playing
and I find it annoying sure but I mean I
bet you can find those answers like that
arcane thing that sword really pissed me
off because I spent a lot of time
leveling that because I wanted to see
how badass that weapon would be was
earth once not not only will say getting
my strength benefit but I was gonna get
some badass electrical damage with that
too and that'll be great and then just
dig it completely just deflated my ya
know and I put up I put a bunch and you
not arcane what was it what's the other
one down there I put a bunch early on in
- or maybe arcane and then I found that
lightning bolts spear or the lightning
bolt weapon and man I'm just killing it
now
oh my god the gun is so useful as
someone who's just discovering how
useful this gun is rich the gun is so
useful
Shia smells as rich depends upon the
weapon and then I'll have a letter
saying how good yeah I mean there's
there's there's weapons with multiple
letters for different stats mm-hmm does
it just scale based on the highest one
or is it the average of both or what is
it hmm
like the Ludwig sword it scales on both
strength and skill now are you better
off putting 20 points into strength are
you better off having or is it just as
good to have 10 in strength and 10 in
skill sure right right oh here she is
