Chat Finger Death Punch
February 18, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7a7OJ1qsNLk

it's higher way yeah yeah that's true
play this for it rich is gonna use it
isn't that a band Five Finger Death
fives a band bunch this game gets it
done with only one finger yeah Jack
likes that but hates x-men a future bass
I do hate x-men Days of Future past
yeah you're an MC not a bad movie that
makes no sense
that is a bad movie that makes no sense
how does it not make any sense okay I
haven't seen it since the theater by the
way I would have to re-watch it down
there I've only seen it once okay
explain so my first problem with the
movie came during the opening sequence
in which we find out that they have
time-travel powers okay and this is
after we see that characters have died
right yeah and we don't know who they
are but like they're part of a
resistance or something right okay I
think it feels like we missed the movie
yeah that was one thing I noticed right
away it was like was there a movie
before this that I didn't see before the
way I was okay with that because then I
like I liked how they were just throwing
us into the world
okay and of course I'm an x-men guy and
so it's like I you probably knew what
was going on better than I did who was
going on but then so characters died
it's like oh shit
shit's getting real right away oh wait
we have time-travel powers so death
doesn't mean anything yeah okay that's
fine so death doesn't mean anything so
therefore all death from now on doesn't
mean anything when it comes to these
characters then we get to the point
where the the big thing that bothered me
about how what makes no sense about it
is kitty is holding on to Logan's
brainpower right but Logan is in the
past for like a couple days right yes so
does kitty have to hold there a couple
days because like they do the cut back
and forth from Kitty to the past from
kitty to the past a lot so Kitty has to
stay there holding Logan's head for four
days it could be it could be you know
ten minutes in modern time and then you
know but like in in future time they
have a changing of the guard looking out
for centuries like time has passed
the future hmm what are we talking about
I honestly don't remember I would have
to rewatch the movie x-men Days of
Future past I just it just did not sit
well with me I think Jennifer Lawrence
was not acting very well in it well
she's not right for that part they keep
making her such a central part of it
because she's Jennifer Lawrence now so
that I mean that's from my head weather
book and then we get to Quicksilver
sequence which is a fun secret Oh a
sequence is great super fun sequence
quit where we're introduced to this
character of Quicksilver who then plays
no part in later portions of the movie
and is not present during the first part
of movie so it's like we meet a new
character he has one cool thing get by
that's okay
who gives a fuck about this guy this is
function in the movie was to help him do
this once but I'm okay with I think
that's kind of cheap and then they can
bring him back for other movies I think
this kind of cheap I think that was a
cheap a visual gag game froze alright
I'm great at suspension of disbelief
I love suspending my disbelief and I'm
super great in it
at it super great at it I don't know I
just it didn't it didn't seem a lot a
lot of convenience a lot of Professor X
doesn't have his Professor X powers now
right that's nice they're giving him a
drug or something right yeah you
remember what happens at the movie he
was on yeah he was that well he was
unlike a shit he was taking like it was
like a drug metaphor yeah yeah
I don't like it you guys liked it fuck
you how about I also don't give a shit
about x-men so like I just kind of
watched it as a movie right and that
could have been a problem and I watched
it with Lisa who is a much bigger x-men
fan than me and you know in general we
were okay like the first x-men will be
obviously operators of action movies
yeah my first phone I didn't I know it
was like a huge hit but I didn't care
much more I like the second one a lot
the second one is really good second was
great and the first one though it's like
we remember we didn't see there wasn't
anything like BAM yeah time and so it's
like for fans of the comic books we get
something yeah well what I appreciated
about those movies is they don't they
didn't have the fill under the week
mentality well it's like every movie has
to introduce a new villain like it
didn't have any of that shit yeah and I
appreciated that yeah cuz that's what
I'll like it's starting with like
probably Batman Returns where it's like
we got the penguin but we also have cat
little bit and that's not a big like
each sequel has to have more villain
exploding villain yeah yeah I think it
started with Batman Returns that makes
that makes sense is any end up with shit
like spider-man 3
keep throwing in characters that'll make
them fix it right yeah this is just
having main character have some sort of
conflict you have to deal with no and
I'm not mentioning x3 because we don't
talk about that
but I'm the juggernaut bitch word he
said it in the movie because of an
internet doesn't know because they said
it on the internet and people say it on
the yeah there was an internet thing
before the movie right
yeah there's an internet thing before
then they put in the movie as a
reference to that they'd became an error
like to the best of my no no yeah no i
100% can confirm was an internet thing
was one of those like people doing bad
voiceover adapted of the x-men cartoon
it's a if they're kind of silly video if
you're a fan of the experiments what
I will wholeheartedly State I see a lot
of people shitting us by the name for
now spider-man 3 is a better movie than
oh god yes I like a lot of things in
spider-man 3 yeah I know everybody hates
that movie but everybody hates the the
dancing the Peter Parker dancing I think
I associate that more with a goofy
awkward Sam Raimi thing than a
spider-man thing and I think it's funny
because it's it's it's Peter Parker
doing what he thinks is cool exactly and
I think they were walking by him like
what does they're doing right and it's
so goofy like it feels like a Sam Raimi
moment yes you know what would someone
who has no concept of what cool is do if
they thought they were cool Yeah right
now so I'm fine with that and that's the
one of the big things that everybody
hated about that movie was then the
Peter Parker dancing down the street I
don't think it was the dancing on the
street that they hated it was the Jazz
Club sequence at OU see and I was okay
with that that took it a little too far
taking a little too far is what people
say when they haven't seen any Sam Raimi
movie decom Peter Parker says dig funny
because it's so over-the-top
there's a lot of things I won't defend
in that movie but I'm okay with all that
stuff alright I can't
- no no no well I don't know about venom
in the comics I just know he was
shoehorned into the movie was terrible
venom is a great villainy weak
motivation lame his powers just strong
he's evil spider-man no he but he's a
generic stupid thing the evil version of
the hero yeah that's real original who
cares if it's original the the great
thing about venom is that he nullifies
spider-man's spider-sense because the
symbiote was originally attached by an
interesting character that nullifies
bioship listen original venom it has
crazy weak motivation I agree with them
but venom as a character I drink
venom existing in that third spider-man
movie is such a just like dumb
coincidence that this thing happens to
fall from space right where Peter Parker
is the dumb thing falls from space right
where Peter Parker happens to be the
Sandman just so happened like as it
turns out there was another person who
shot your own oh that's stupid to the
rep counting yes and the fact that they
set up at the end of the second
spider-man like holy shit on Harry
Osborn knows that Peter Parker is
spider-man holy shit how is this gonna
pay off in the next movie and then they
spend most of the third movie with him
having amnesia just so they don't have
to deal with that well this is a great
excuse that is stupid in the comics is
gold yeah midnight of the century thank
you for subscribing we very much
appreciated
spider-man 2 is great spider-man 2 this
is probably my favorite comic book a
movie a lot of the tools yeah they
always get it m'lady third they try and
figure out what they're doing with the
first movie you know they get it down so
the second movie is like exactly what it
needs to be and then the third one it
gets uploaded and well and then the
third one contractual obligations dry up
or directors to decide they want to make
Superman Returns yeah yeah Iron Man to
someone mentioned that that's an
exception to the second movie getting it
right Iron Man 2 is kind of a mess Iron
Man 2 is a copy-paste of Iron Man no
it's like they set up Mickey Rourke is
the villain and I don't know what to do
with him for the entire middle of the
movie so he just kind of sits around
doing you know theme and then he comes
back to near the end I guess I guess
it's lots of ideas with no cohesive
story I can I can see Iron Man 2 is more
of a set up a straight set up to the
Avengers than an Iron Man well that's
what's frustrating too is there's all
these shoe horns and things that's not
an excuse yeah oh yeah it doesn't
function as its own movie it just
functions in the Senate for you yes it
has I don't even love the first Iron Man
really I love Robert Downey jr. and all
those movies it I love all the the set
up in the first Iron Man him like
figuring out how the suit works and yeah
yeah but then it's like Jeff Bridges
shows up he's got a bigger Iron Man suit
and that's the end of the movie isn't I
know that's the problem I just that
whole any
that was all the build-up and he liked
learning and he's awesome that part I
think though that Iron Man 3 is an
absolute goddamn fantastic masterpiece
back to me everyone hates I don't yeah
it's a lot of people made Iron Man 3
what I don't know people were mad at us
for it aside for liking it
yeah what yep they should teach classes
on how good an action movie Iron Man 3
black like he knows how to write a movie
like that he's done it for decades
fucking shit people get your shit
together
threes a masterpiece my one goes of ours
ago the masterpiece behind a very good
movie an action masterpiece it's very
different than a masterpiece I don't
even think I'd go that far but I do like
it
I even like it yeah they put in a dumb
kid I made him okay work yeah yeah I'm
in three is all about Robert Downey jr.
you know believing in himself right
discovering his powers because he
doesn't have any superpowers right right
so what's a really great action sequence
between the second and third act is him
not having the Iron Man suit and having
but that didn't expose exactly he
learned how to be a hero without his
goddamn suit he learned through an
action suit you do an action then no I
understand I don't understand the hatred
for everyone
oh I'm defending my own universe the
final of the Mandarin turned out to be
broad it wasn't true to the comic books
if people actually believe that they're
assholes an idiot that was great that
was super fun I thought that was a nice
twist that was a super fun twist and
along the same theme of
movie of kind of self-deception I might
be what do you call it when that might
be a little pretentious in reading it's
bad but I'm gonna talk about the last
action sequence of anyway that's one
thing that I know people complain about
or just all those Iron Man suits show up
oh and I'm about to defend he does he
does because what's the major conflict
between him and Pelton's Pepper Potts
the main conflict is him like being too
obsessed with the suitors right yeah the
suits being kind of his facade and so
during the last action sequence what
happens he's jumping from facades facade
and each of his exteriors are getting
slashed away until it's just him below
but people are looking at this literally
and they're looking at is just like an
action scene and that's when they
complain but it's also very like it's an
exciting action scene as well but but
like it's also a visual metaphor of what
the character is going through people
don't want to see that just fucking hell
it's a masterpiece
nobody wants to see that no one wants to
see perfectly executed visual medicine
they shouldn't be watching movies oh man
I've seen Iron Man 3 2 times I I've only
seen it the one time in the theater I
should rewatch this - I did
doesn't chain blackening something like
butter now he's running the new predator
that'd be great
him and friend jacquard who wrote they
wrote monster squad together in Fred
Dekker hasn't worked in like 20 years
do monsters we do we just watched it in
Jack's house oh we watched we had a
double feature of frozen and monstrous
and you guys might be right I might be
reading too much inside Man 3 but also
at the point yeah I think that's what
they were going for I'd like to big that
if not that's what I see it as I like
the thing people complain about though
is if he can call all those all those
suits why didn't you do that earlier in
the movie okay in fact there was a like
extended sequences of him checking on
the that's right but was there some sort
of comfort before his house got trashed
where that would have come in handy
taking all those seats and trying to
know cuz he had it rigors okay well his
house got trash people are complaining
because it makes them upset they're
complaining because they explain
like if they mean like why didn't he use
those suits they weren't builded we
build them because of the adventures yes
well that's another thing people
complain about all these Marvel movies
now since they're all connected is like
why don't they call you know why don't
they call one of the other revenge
because there's a problem the comic
books - yeah you just kind of have to go
with it well you the avengers don't
answer their phone a whole lot yeah you
just have to accept that these are
separate movies and they're not gonna
call each other all the time right I can
handle oh no I'm so sorry
c-3po Tazo I'm sorry that you agree with
me and now you don't know what to think
yeah we watched it we watched frozen and
we watched we watched monsters club it's
a very weird double feature
I'm very strange and I had to face the
unfortunate truth that monster squads
not very good I still love it I grew up
with it but Dracula throws dynamite into
it into a tree house because that's what
Dracula does and there's a buddy cop
movie somewhere in the middle that's
Shane black I'm okay with that
listen I won't give you Shane Black in
general but I think of a movie about him
kids fighting monsters who doesn't need
your buddy
yes wolf man's got nards that's that's
the takeaway from my movie that's the
and mall mall rat count yes why was the
mummy hiding in the closet
nothing did that really makes any sense
right I still love it but it's not a
good movie I won't because of nostalgia
Nico
the beer that I was drinking earlier
today follows points stomping spoken
thus Corbin yeah this is tasty very good
beer like any good beer it's a high
alcohol come so you can save on calories
in this drink what oxygen iron man 3 god
damn it yeah watch it so great the only
thing I can't remember like I I I want
to and I have called it a movie that
they should teach if you are interested
in making action movies you need to
learn
I think every action sequence in that
movie serves a purpose to either move
the story forward or to further
character which should be in any good
action that's what the action sequences
for like a like a musical the musical
numbers that's what they do yeah I need
it's listen to classic tunes the only
thing I don't remember is what the first
action sequence is because it starts in
the past it starts in the year 1990 oh
yeah there's the with the guy Pierce
character who's playing Jim Carrey from
Batman Forever that whole sequence
happens what is the first action scene
that's what I can't remember what the
first action house blowing up is that it
really yeah that's a pretty far away
into the movie because you know there's
an opening yeah you gotta have the
opening action saying maybe it doesn't
have one if it doesn't have one I need
to re-watch it the first action sequence
is the Avengers yes the entire Danny in
the whole movie yeah Iron Man 3 has huge
plot holes like I mean it could I guess
but I don't think that's true
state your case c-3po Tazo I'm gonna say
your name cuz I like it well that's
that's where everybody complains about
it might have a pothole or two and as we
all know any plot hole means the movie
is complete Dodger absolutely anything
that doesn't completely add up these are
the whole
right Mike's partly to blame for that I
know I don't think Mike's to blame I
think people that watch a video the
videos it'll get the wrong impression
there to blow Sir Robert bizarre job
100% be incredible this is yes yeah The
Incredibles great the rebels is a good
James Bond movie The Incredibles is are
good everything
The Incredibles is the type of movie
that the scene always loved in that is
when they're on the island towards the
end and the mom is in the cave of the
two kids and she says flight out telling
he's her children like there are people
out there that will fucking kill you yes
like just like flat-out stadion I was
like wow for a kids movie that's pretty
intense yeah I thought that was great
mistakes yeah yeah it's takes exactly
spread bird doing the next one the next
one if they're doing one it's probably
bad I can't imagine do about anyone else
no need to go down the live-action stuff
now yeah but he was so like Incredibles
is his thing yeah I can't lose the
rights I can't imagine that I can't
imagine him being okay with anyone else
making that doesn't mean they won't that
doesn't mean they won't but I mean Brad
Bird has done well enough by them he
promised I hope this is all because
talking hope
my ex-girlfriend hates the incredibles I
don't date her you made the right call
I knew a guy who broke up with his
girlfriend because she didn't much care
for okay see that fortune iron opposite
ends here airplanes brain but I don't
know you should break up over not like
you I guess it depends on how much you
personally like airplane yeah if I how
often is this going to come up via Skype
no no airplane is the is the canary in
the mine what else is she not gonna let
you know yeah to have those movies where
it's like if they don't like this then
we're not going well then you're not
liking her because she's a humorless
jerk and not because she doesn't like
that's valid though yes that's valid
this is what I'm saying yeah the logic
makes sense but that's where he made the
decision and he did not explore it any
farther
oh you don't like airplane sorry yeah I
see I like airplane but I don't think
that would be the tipping point for me
you know no I mean there are other
movies though that are more like
important to me and like personal to me
where it's like if if she doesn't like
this movie I don't think that it's going
to work out okay what's that I would say
Eraserhead okay and taxi driver and the
Graduate what if they were what if like
she was just indifferent well then I
would it would depend on a lot of other
facts sure outside of just movies but
movies are such a big part of you know
who I am and what my interests are that
makes sense now that I now that someone
has to agree with all my opinions on
every movie ever but there was no
specific movies are like they mean so
much to me sure they they mark so much
of your personality
that would be an indication of other
glaring personality difference yes
exactly
a microcosm of larger issues
one of the few films my boyfriend and I
watched together was the room five years
ago there you go there you go
that might be one to add to the list
that's the room you must cuz that's nuts
on the other end just like you know
Eraserhead text irreverent like I love
those movies but the room is like the
ultimate so bad it's good movie you have
to do and I love you know bad movie
what if they haven't seen anything
please let me introduce them too and
then you have that awkward viewing
experience if they don't like it that's
the worst and you just waited like
there's a movie that you love and you
show to someone and then you can tell
they're not into it but you got to
finish the whole movie that is the worst
experience yeah I've been through that a
few times it sucks
it's like soul-crushing looks like this
movie means so much to me
my girlfriend liked feeding frenzy I
haven't spoken to her son yeah I can see
it illegally ripped a copy what I did
don't you have a copy no I mean I ripped
it from the DVD oh I think my utorrent
it our movie I did you think you're in
my digital erupted okay that's different
I needed a sequence for the next prereq
we we talked about I had a movie
analogue I needed a sequence in the
movie I thought there's a scene feeding
frenzy where rich and I are both in that
sense I copy
let's see did you there's only a couple
with the two of you I guess yeah it's
one outside me hoping the shotgun seemed
that was an old issue
everything is miserable tissue
there's only a cut-off time for Jillian
I have to drive back to Chicago so even
Washington get up and it was raining
oh that's your thing are you were
involved in I have not seen that yeah oh
no I wrote it and go directed it okay I
don't remember how much a moment acted
in it I have not seen it in maybe a
decade okay I just don't you know look
Bob turtles still great in that movie
you know really bad I I don't even
remember you in it I think when I saw it
I didn't know you I don't think I know
you knew you I saw a movie it's so I'd
have to re-watch it even remember who
you are
oh wait are you the guy who keepin you
shot yeah okay yeah I'm squibs swims
that's right the lovable best friend who
keeps getting job yeah okay for context
for the chat this is yeah I guess they
have no idea what the hell we're talking
about this is a short
Oh an eyeball this is a short movie that
I made with my cousin
a lot unknown uh 15 years ago maybe
maybe 10 years I have no I have no
concept of spatial this was one of the
very first things that I made like on a
big level you know like it's a 20 minute
short and it's rough I remember thinking
it was funny there's it gets a lot
better but like the the first all of the
exposition is so that's usually how it
works is out like the the setup has
always sort of awkward and then as the
movie goes along it gets better I feel
that way about Pete yeah get getting the
set up out of the ways always the
hardest part is that's probably true too
a commentary track determined error
James Cameron said that's why all the
exposition happens during JC yeah there
yeah that's a good
like any good action like ducking shots
what was saying I'm from the future and
deserve her in the Terminator with a
commentary track version I have I think
mine does okay it has them in common
that's we're coming to retrac I've heard
that somewhere and save it
sure okay makes sense I wish there was a
commentary track on my toe
no mall mall radical there's nowhere you
can see it I was thinking of uploading
it to YouTube but then I watched it
that's how I am with a lot of my old
films too or it's like I know people
have said like they'd be curious to see
it but no there's there's some really
good jokes in it you you think you want
to see it until you see it yeah and also
we use some apparent we use some copy
written songs like just straight up yeah
yeah that was I used to do that all the
time too yeah cuz you just you didn't
were thinking about that you don't care
you guys made for fun for fun yeah
you're making me have fun yeah so I'd
have to I'd have to see if I could find
the files which I don't have
I don't know got it so I don't even
think I could get it up on YouTube it
has it has a song that YouTube's my
right
like a big enough song
crazy boy I don't know I'll think about
it I'll think about it maybe I'll have
gay wanted I just remember Bob hurt it's
never him being hilarious hilarious he's
the best to give you a sense of how old
it was we had Bob Curtin riff on Google
and different things you could do on the
Internet because at the time the
internet was oh that's right I remember
that part yeah there's like Google you
haven't heard of Google like this that
was the joke is that people hadn't heard
of good boy yeah that's how old this
movie yeah oh yeah you could gu all
sorts of stuff yeah he's just listing
out things that you can Google yes I'm
assuming some of that is ambulance right
okay we always say that was like Google
you never heard of Google and we said
Bob my uncle isn't it who's great my
uncle is the best worst actor in the
world
yeah Jake was still in college I don't
know I have no concept of space our
thing
it's a rough one but we like we burned a
bunch of DVDs like printed on covers and
sand in my basement still is like 30
DVDs isn't a horrible background I have
a box of 30 DVDs well you never know
when you need them I was so far but we
shot it on my grandparents old farm in
the old farmhouse that was recently
raised as in destroyed is that the the
barn that we shot dr. the dead no not
the big red barn okay
oh it so it's a great barn if you don't
remember what the barn looked like it I
don't it's been a great old creepy but
unfortunately there's no concepts of
spaces and just live in the marvel
universe right right
Jack will space cops time travel be
better than x-men Days of Future past
yes yes I can only assume I here's
here's the truth I have not seen enough
of space cop to know how face contracted
exactly so what's the issue method of
travel I can only assume that space cop
does not travel through time through his
consciousness No
so therefore it's better you travels
through time of the Polish line yeah as
long as it's not someone pushing your
consciousness to a past form of yourself
no benefit
you Wisconsin izing the creepy barn it's
true or vote we are folding
well there is a new arts yeah a bunch of
creepers and snow who drill boasts
wagons as he finally watched Miami
connection congratulations you're
welcome
what did you think I hope you enjoyed it
as much as we did
my reconnecting
recommend more kids show like the new
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles I need more
stuff to watch like that when I first
wake up and my brain is still mush
spectacular spider-man actually ultimate
spider-man spectacular
they asked me your dumb alter the
ultimate spider-man is a fantastical new
shows ultimate spider-man is a really
fantastic spider-man I really enjoyed it
Batman braving the bold is a nice lights
Batman there Batman TV show
so my getting them flips back my brave
little buddy came out looks spectacular
but while I do that when you could
Netflix ultimate spider-man and it's way
better and what way is over
that's the goofier one where he like
does enemy things and talks to himself
it's goofy spider-man there's some goofy
aliens but there's also a little more
shield stuff there's no characters that
we enjoy Power Man is in it I'm a fan of
Power Man in general I'll remain 5,000
damage if yep
the fan of the holiday entire band is in
it a lot old scooby-doo episodes later
the band showed up good job
yeah cage cage Lucas Thank You Luke Cage
aka Power Man Luke Cage Hero for Hire I
don't know what that means
it was Marvel's version of a
blaxploitation character he was okay
where he's basically just super strong
and has unbreakable skinny released at
one point in Africa most notable as
being the first African American with
his own comic book series okay not to be
confused with the Falcon 9 first
african-american hero he's a horrible
mercenary who fights for money I don't
know
no no no no power man you know that was
much of a step up these things you
should know it's February it's Black
History Month you should know not to be
confused with the first black superhero
with his own comic book who was black
panther but he was at
it took place in Africa okay so the
Falcon and Luca cage when did blade come
into play what was that much later okay
slightly later no I think blade was a
character but he just didn't have some
fun Johnny Johnny Cage is Mortal Kombat
that's a janitor Luke Cage had a couple
of fun runs like I read a couple little
ones with
it was it was just a person who knows we
were in the wrong hands
and compel his fists so he has hands of
steel defenses he does or a hand ups he
is a band of Steel is he the perfect
side work I am the perfect cyborg I'm so
glad that might put that in a couple
times that's long you got to because
there was no like Mike didn't mess with
the shot like he did in the zoo man no
it's just frame that way and he didn't
mess with the boys that was the shot
shot probably one thing she was the
perfect sideboard because she had a claw
finger yes yes
pretty decent it was the worst I think
that one thing that that doesn't get
pointed out both alien from the deep and
hands of Steel were both directed by
famous Italian b-movie filmmakers we
mentioned he only from the deep being
Italian and he don't mention that hands
of steel was actually made by alien from
the deep was antonio margheriti he
doesn't look very Italian no but it was
an Italian movie just had a couple of
American actors in it remember the guy
who directed in its name but he also
he's famous for doing them
pretty famous slasher movie called torso
ok hands of Steel okay antonio
margheriti is famous for another italian
slasher movie but those two that's
another thing because we were talking
about like two of the three movies
that's something accountant that's
something those two have in common that
we didn't know at the time overall I was
pretty disappointed in the graphic
things that it's supposed to looks like
what those types of things look like if
you look at like your cable packages
that's what it looks like I wanted in my
it when we were talking about this I was
picturing like three stills from the
movies or like the three boxes and then
like a connecting line with the
different sayings connecting yeah that's
a different type of thing okay he was
going for like the cable path yes and
that's the way the visual in my head
which of course is in no one else is
that because they sit there for the
dystocia right but the vision of might
have it as much
so I get what I'm saying is the whole
episode is women and it is the whole
episode we're gonna scrap it
okay reshoot it great in reality it'll
be up tomorrow okay tonight we're gonna
shoot it tonight
yes and then tonight and they'll be up
tomorrow do you think we have to be in a
time-consuming process I mean we are we
just sit there and talk it's the easiest
thing in the world we just sit there and
talk it's so easy to slap those together
in editing I think I don't know oh yeah
antonio margheriti that was something
that got cut out but we were talking
about oh that's reference hit that
directors reference in an inglorious
basterds the Baxters going to the movie
premiere at the end and pretending to be
he's Italian filmmakers and Eli office
antonio margheriti Christoph Waltz keep
makes him keep saying his name over and
over because he knows the frogs anything
straight has only eight hours left to go
in your Kickstarter mine too saying
something before the Kickstarter is done
and Mather bull yeah we did two days on
strafe including an in-depth interview
with the creator well I thought the game
looked neat I'm not here to show for
what what more do you want from us we're
excited we contributed to the
Kickstarter
fuck man he's over the top whatever what
you want right they made their goal I
don't run it what what do you want us to
say that you don't already know
Dominic Beck HoCo Dominic dick Coco was
at it the other director Dominic oh no
no Antonia Marga ready and you couldn't
think of the other director damn so
someone I see someone is saying Dominic
dick oh that doesn't sound right let me
look it out your cage that you're gonna
be torso
c3 potato is is this blade have his own
book in 1973 Sergio Martinez the other
day right did the movie torso and let me
look up what mark already directly I
want to say please just Acura cake get
one by night
oh and Sonia Marga ready did your hunter
from the future oh yeah which is why the
old man think you're great I mean oh god
he's directing tons of movies here hey
only from the deep was one of his legs
which ones were entertained entertaining
your or alien from the deep yeah he
fights he punches the dancer monster is
more impressive in Alien I don't
remember the paper mache dynasty yes
impressive indeed
hey yours is definitely crazier you're
doesn't he have a flaming sword at one
point yes I don't remember yeah
Darth Vader's in your that was great oh
those are first appearances thank you
c-3po tato
your does have its own theme song and it
has red-brown yeah
and it has every lady in the free world
Jones and four EPS nuts
yours yours especially someone sent us
Fiat because it was made enough was made
as a miniseries or was released as a
miniseries somewhere in the world okay
and someone send us the DVD version of
the miniseries I'm assuming it's the
same thing just chopped up into like a
half-hour show me
I haven't felt a strong urge to revisit
your maybe someday I've seen twice now I
saw the deep doubts too
yeah you guys are just getting into that
we couldn't remember his name Fred Brown
which does have that listeners time to
kill me
late didn't get his own book until 1994
yep really so I thought it was secular
from something else and but I mean his
first appearance is in the 70s and I
didn't get his own high knees
oh and then when the first play movie
came out come out that was like that was
that post matrix oh I remember it
looking like the matrix right uh an orb
normal knob ninety-eight normal knob
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
98 98 so you got a movie shortly after
he had his first television then again
the guardians of the galaxy movie with
based on the comic book that just
premiered a couple years early
remember whatever in any way shape or
form remember Christmas no even the
reboot wasn't that popular no no no did
not sell exceptionally well
such a quiet and graceful what the fuck
well as Mike thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it
host matrix was a craving for beginning
post matrix doesn't sound like anything
no it was a it was an air of Billman it
sucked
yes yes post major equilibrium I don't
even remember it ultraviolet I think was
a post major clearly yeah the worst part
of post matrix was the matrix equals
external the ultra it was the fan-made
matrix equals oh sure yeah post
Tarantino there's lots of shitty people
making shitty like dorm movies or people
tried to make Tarantino movies in their
dorm yup and then post matrix they were
making shitty action sequences outside
of their doors yes
they traded their judgment bet over the
Tarantino movies I I don't want to have
anything to do with any of them they
were all terrible what are they doing
now I don't even know kind of shitty
movies and you know with like we know
nothing people they were making movies
then what are people ripping off now ah
what are young what are like 18 year
olds ripping off now right which by the
way like we make fun of it but it's like
we all did the same thing we all made
these shitty movies you learn by me I
can't speak for you Jack well we did not
rip off with a baby we made our own no I
mean before no you you made fun of
people ripping yes you've been making
fun of people for your entire life
basically no we've all made shitty
things yeah you you and Mike made shitty
movie oh yes if they weren't my eyeballs
above yes yeah no but like even like
making shitty ripoffs is is and can be a
good starting point like you start by
making a little shitty ripoffs but one
thing that everybody does is they make
their lightsaber duel everybody shoots a
lightsaber duel cuz they're learning how
to use after doesn't everybody does yeah
sure
and so I wonder what what is the thing
that people are making right now like
you're in college maybe you're in film
school you got a camera oh you know what
are people working off the hell does
anyone have an answer for us cuz I
honestly don't know what they would be
ripping off Geoff who lives at home I
feel like we haven't had I guess maybe
they're making mumblecore movies and
that would be unfortunate but but as far
as like big movies you know yet
Tarantino yet full fiction and then you
have the matrix
like what's the modern equivalent of
that that everyone would be ripping
what's that can't think of anything with
any sort of like really distinct style
what's the big art house let me point to
the blockbuster art out maybe now people
will be ripping off the room am like
trying to do single take things I don't
even know sure
found-footage yeah I guess it is still
pretty popular because it's cheap
yeah I'm cheaply in this room so that's
yeah that's one I guess yeah I'm seeing
a lot of like hipster mumblecore like
that's the worst
it's its extra-tough now because like
everyone has a DSLR so they can all do
that rack focus yeah they kept the field
hand-held rack focus may look already
and shit yeah look it's like I'm seeing
through the chain-link fence but then I
focus on the chair
that's a shot you're gonna see it
everyone's a youtuber no no that's fine
they should be a youtuber just get it
out of your system
yeah if you're gonna rip off shit to
learn which most people do yeah just rip
off shit you like not what's popular no
I mean I was ripping off like John
Waters you know like when I was in high
school I wasn't ripping off old fiction
so this edge a jay-z ripoff whatever you
like just don't make that your business
yes yeah do to learn don't do it like
and change show it to people as if
anyone would care right like like oh
like I made it fun I'm trying to think
of an example oh oh you know I mean Jake
and I definitely tried to make our own
DIY matrix shots a lot obviously we
didn't have no you're trying to do the
bowl timeline the bullet yeah we oh no
fight sequences no we would try to do
bullet time shots all the time like
making our own
then everything looked great but it's
like you know we can you try and see
stuff out don't be discouraged if you
think something has been done before
okay
yeah cuz I see a lot of people like
sensing contradictions but it's like no
you make something that's a ripoff
you know let's say you're making a
matrix ripoff you want to make a plate
and sequence and that's fine don't then
try to show that you want to show that
to your friends we made it fun you're
making that as in an attempt to try and
do it right you're doing it for the
experience not so people can walk you're
not hoping to sell that you're nobody's
doing that well yeah you're not you're
not other odds of making it in would be
better but you know I don't don't film a
ripoff and then expect it to get a
million billion YouTube
make stuff for fun and if it's ripped
off that's okay just don't make that
business unless of course you're doing
high-end parody oh yeah Harry parodies
now
I love the irony jack called a hipster
right I did that on purpose cuz I know
you guys know
no people are going to
I have very discerning taste
I don't think I even fully understand
what a hipster is just go hipsters
becoming a word like pretentious like
everybody calls everything pretentious
yeah now I need another everyone calls
everybody to hit the dirt it's true it's
a word that's lost all you need
yeah what was it before hipster because
hipsters is basically like a yuppie
there was the up easy baby yes there is
emo in the Nayeem oh that I think that
was is that what you're thinking of yeah
everyone was these all have different
means of course we mean like the go-to
word yeah loses all emo goth it was dog
I look up is probably a little more
specific
hipster zo who like things ironically
you don't oh well then I can't be a
hipster because I love Taylor Swift on
ironically so there
oh damn it hipster rule number two is
deny being a hipster jokingly call
everyone else ahead said dammit that's
true I'm back in ok fuck guys give me
some more rules I'll see if I can get
out of this oh here we go hipsters are
rich people that like to dress like
therefore I'm very poor I don't think
that's true does that count
hipsters are no I don't think that's
accurate you don't think that Zach
you're calling you out whoever said that
that's right
oh that's a terribly funny joke
I'm gonna repeat it I wish my lawn was
emo so it would cut itself Wow he went
to a time machine
yeah to 2001 that's a terrible joke and
a very good joke
if there's just a fashion minute yes
like like yuppie before it like emo like
grunge like hippie they were they were
things at one point and then everything
gets co-opted and turns into bland
nothing yep so wait you knew we need the
next thing what's the next thing start
making the next thing guys work on that
and then and then you can call me that
thing hipsters are adults that get
allowance no that's that's called having
a job it's called a paycheck when you
become an adult you'll find out it's
great
well it's great tips our Paint Branch
right but that's what the paycheck is
for there that's what the that's what
the job allowances for it's for paying
bills and stuff heck fraud is the new
frame there we go
I have always been and probably always
will be a hack fraud I know junkie no
you're right I'm a Juggalo I'm down with
the cloud that's right down to clown
until you've dead in the ground for life
for life
number four light how long can they do
that the same clown posse like are they
gonna be doing that in their 50s yeah as
long as the whole empire those guys are
fuckin rich
by taking advantage of dumb people lots
of white trash in this world yeah yeah
that's how they will do it as long as
they can pay the bills okay as soon as
it stops making one if they will move on
yeah they have a whole little Empire
going and when they're dead they're calm
make up in their caskets they're
protegees or whatever will continue the
brand can still do it that's true that's
right yeah yeah that's a good comparison
I guess I'm okay with kiss still doing
it
see this it's theatrical but it doesn't
see this like pathetic yeah I'm not
nothing I'm a big kiss fan or anything
but what we talked about this the other
day was you know kiss and Insane Clown
Posse is a lot like Christianity and
Scientology one's just been around
longer
yeah I enjoy kisses music more sure I
hate Insane Clown Posse music okay I can
agree with you they're not not that I'm
a huge kiss fan but right I can
appreciate it as music more than Insane
Clown Posse
his know that their distances no Insane
Clown Posse who knows that they're just
a business there yeah they're both
listed kissing insane clown posse are
pretty much the same in that regard yes
and 10.com Posse is very aware of their
brand value and don't ever think they're
not fans where I think because face pins
are more aware yes yes I would say
that's a major difference yeah that's it
them
I was called a Juggalo by a hipster once
just because I was drinking a Ponte font
does not what they drink they drink Pago
Pago get it together you can't come to
the next gathering until you drink at
least three fingers there is a specific
cult of people who insist on keeping it
alive that's the official drink of
Juggalos the snake on Tuesday go kiss is
part of the Marvel Universe that's true
they had a comic book right you know
there's the easy the folktale that they
all cut their fingers open and bled into
the ink of the comic book I don't know
if there's any truth to that but that's
the story
Santa Claus is part of our Santa Claus
in official Marvel Canon Santa Claus is
a mutant the toxic avenger was a part of
Marvel or was at one point there was a
comic book that was I don't know that
was he part of the puzzle
yeah oh is that okay it's not just a
comic released through Marvel it okay
and probably not
they're nightmares a company well the
use I think we're getting ready to throw
that well
there will still be a continuity just a
different they go for J go what size
bike I said that cuz it was stupid
congratulations on saying something
stupid yeah for typing you typed
something that was stupid so stupid I
needed to say it so I appreciate that
David Letterman is part of the Marvel
Universe yeah that's it Christine there
you go
spoilers guys oh sorry sorry I didn't
know I didn't know that I thought you
like where's my woman I think about
David Letterman being a part of the
Marvel you know idea is that true
Colbert became president in the Marvel
Universe that's definitely not true
spider-man did not fight powdered toast
man come on
there wasn't running stimpy comic book
okay I don't know if it was Marvel but I
remember there being a run in Stimpy
comment but I think I had like one issue
yep because I was a big fan of running
Stimpy way back when hey didn't Johnny
Depp just have a new movie out oh yeah
Mordecai was a huge flop yeah yeah it
needs to stop he needs just just take a
break shit shave it looks rude animals
ear where you're not playing a goofy
character with a goofy accents and a
goofy monster maybe if he must at all so
in the real life get rid of your
drooping moustache it doesn't work does
he have a mustache it's terrible it's
like I want stash goatee thing
it looks ridiculous and someone he was
in that one he's so great med would he's
kidding he said after this I've never
seen what's he deemed okay great yeah
he's great man is great man I give him
credit
after 21 Jump Street he could have
coasted on the pretty boy thing yeah no
he took cancer yeah weird things
yes he's continued didn't continue to do
weird things for a long time but these
last few years I guess it's Pirates of
the Caribbean he was sort of the start
of it right he must have made so much
money with pirates why isn't still
fucking about I don't know is he getting
ready for retirement I don't know
doesn't he own like an island maybe
needs to pay off his Island but yeah I
don't know sell the island to Milwaukee
you could live like a god here I'm sure
he just sold him if he heard this you
know okay you would never have to work
another day in your life you could hope
he already doesn't have to work another
day like I think he said yeah then why
is he making me shitty moon I don't know
I don't know I saw that Mordechai I saw
the trailer yeah and I was like this
looks like a nothing movie like no one's
gonna be talking about this in two weeks
yeah it's gone forever and it's gone
already and yeah nobody's talking about
it nobody cares it flops fear and
loathing oh very straight fearless nice
one yeah nice nice pumping
he's great in a long thing he's grating
a lot of things dead bam Jim Jarmusch
Murray's getting that mm-hmm but most
importantly Edwin just cuz I love that
movie so much
fuck those by our moods I agree to fuck
those buyers I liked the first one I saw
him the theater like that was fun I had
no interest in scene anymore after that
I enjoyed it mostly because of Johnny
Depp okay
and he was a supporting role yeah but
because everybody that's all anybody
talked about with that movie they made
him more of the focus in sequels
yeah from what I understand and then he
got his own the fourth one is the fourth
one
like is it Jack Sparrow movie okay that
makes sense
no no no that makes sense from a
marketing standpoint you don't get a
business standpoint you don't give Boba
Fett his own movie he's the cool guy cuz
he doesn't have his own movie yeah god
damn it yeah you don't but you don't
give Bubba Fett his own movie unless
it's a dread knock off what we were
talking about we're talking about Boba
Fett in standalone movie and I said they
should make a Boba Fett movie like Dredd
oh okay just like this weird art and
kriti thing dark gritty I mean that's
Boba Fett's a bounty hunter right yeah
sure got a fucking fight his way through
everybody Boba Fett does the raid and
done he's got a jet pack he can make it
to the top of that building my god
someone's still talking about Faygo yeah
yeah yeah yeah they do
yeah Boba Fett is a nothing character
he's it yeah basically he's a cool
visual yes yeah a very he has no
character in those movies
it was never he had fully fleshed out I
I never understood why people were like
oh bone fence great like cuz he looks
cool here's a jetpack in a cool gun yeah
that's it that's all they got and he's
cool because he has two lines you know
why that's cool is because we can kind
of insert our own stories right we just
see that vision like oh he's badass I
you know but he does all these badass
things and we get to fill in all the
gaps which is all the gap yeah and
they're gonna ruin it unless that was
already done in the prequels he's clone
boy now no no we could we can forget
those those don't exist yes I can in my
head the prequels are not I don't think
it's what the prequels circum it it's
not gonna be they've already said like
the extended universes in Canada I think
they're just not going to make any
mention of the people yeah yeah and they
can they can I think that's a smart
thing to do
yeah they can make new movies that just
ignore those without doing anything that
really company yes right so they're just
gonna go that route absolutely
it will unofficially be removed
and that's how it already has been in
the hearts of a lot of Star Wars yes oh
yes oh yes when I talk to my children
about Star Wars I talked to them about
the three Star Wars I will not tell them
there are war because in my head there
are not and one day they might then
they'll get open up and be like what are
these other movies and say Star Wars on
them and I'll say all of those are those
of fanfiction that's the fake one they
read that way okay yes they read like
terrible fanfiction yeah
I mean yes you're right both it was
absolutely ruined by the previous cannon
yeah oh yeah all the coolness of boba
fett was taken away but all the coolness
of everything was taken away by them so
it's kind of like a like a nuclear bomb
let's start over
hope someone gets superpowers
yeah okay great great I've been kind of
coasting on fumes for a while oh fuck no
I'm just sitting here
we're jabbering man it's been a while
since we've had a long jabber episode
we've actually been playing cams nut on
our gaming live stream getting the
balance back
if you had to say one good thing about
the prequels there's no good thing about
3ds on the phone
there's gotta be these ever made notice
gotta be something there's nothing I can
think of others lose awesome no aspect
of it yeah I find any positive thing in
any the images are in focus
Natalie Portman looks good in Episode
two those are terms she's average at
best you know like ya know ya know
trying to find things Rosie Natalie
Portman is an attractive no Jennifer
Connelly I'm trying to think of other
things though there isn't much
there's a fair number of practical
things in Fantomex
practical effects like the the podrace
you know scene yeah the stadium is all
like that was a miniature like the
stadium was a miniature you know what
else use practical effects aliens from
the deep that's true but I'm thinking of
a positive like you look at two and
three and they they look like phony
garbage but episode 1 has a fair amount
of practical elements so that's a that's
a compliment
the Christopher Lee is in them can that
count as a compliment this is a positive
because Christopher Lee's great I'm
trying here what a matter of Christopher
Lee Gordon he would it wouldn't make any
difference in that character if they got
somebody else well it when Christopher
Lee like any movie of Christopher Lee in
it is automatically better than any
movie that doesn't have Christopher Lee
in okay so I'm gonna go with that going
going full nerd the thing I've always
said about Lucas and the prequels and
and all that is the prequels helped
usher in a new wave of digital
technology in filmmaking yeah I mean
there's technical things at least the
revolution that was high frame rate no
no no that's unrelated which Brett led
to a revolution in things like digital
editing digital cameras yes special
effects affordable special effects a lot
of things that we use every single day
and probably take for granted yes Lucas
has always been on the forefront mostly
because he wants to make his green
screen movies cheaper and faster yes he
has been on the forefront of pushing
that technology forward yeah he did a
lot in the early days with like early
versions of Final Cut Heat like creating
the first digital editor so they're good
to come out of the Star Wars prequels is
the furthering of digital technology in
filmmaking which Jay and I use every
single day yeah that's good for you yeah
it is that's a positive without some of
which I would not have as many jobs as I
so know I can appreciate some of the
technical aspects that he brought forth
all right all right
make your shitty movies Lucas do you
make digital cameras cheaper do you make
your shitty movie
be more funny I can't I'm sorry
we're talking about Star Wars there's no
way to be funny anymore it's just
soul-crushing oh that's right and that
what about the duel of fates song that's
a good song I don't like it I don't like
the singing really in a Star Wars theme
it just struck me as weird Wow no I'm
okay with it
I like it I like the design of Darth
Maul he's not a character oh I didn't
even like the design of dodgeball
it looks stupid you just want to hate
everything when it comes to the prequels
which I understand I genuinely hate it
everything okay okay
and listen people we're just trying to
find but like I hate those movies too
I'm just trying to find positives for
people who are saying that people are
people are pooh-poohing my good thing to
have and with the prequels oh really
one yeah sure they would have happened
anyway but they happened because George
Lucas wanted them to happen they talked
about it actually extensively if you
have the collector's edition of the
original trilogy on DVD on the 4th DVD
there is a gigantic documentary about
Lucas from college to present time hmm
it's a great documentary and a lot of
the middle chunk has to do with him just
pushing digital editing technology
forward okay it's a great watch Lucas
had personal involvement in it so sure
he might have happened without him but
he pushed it people come on and do your
fate song is pretty cool
fourth DVD yeah there's a there's a
fourth there's so many different
versions of this movie they might not
know which one you're talking about I'm
sorry it's it's like it like has a Vader
mask on it it's like a DVD box set with
a Vader mask on it it's and it's the
special editions it is of course it's a
special I would just like one more I
just would we can talk about like I the
the special
