Marlo "Mother Flugging" Briggs (Part 2)
August 2, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=isxacsSJqeU

to move a box I'm moving a box marlow
briggs box mover extraordinaire I listen
I'm not I'm not saying Bugs Bunny needs
to be forgotten maybe this maybe this
game oh this guy mean listen this game
will be forgotten that's just not up
that's not a that is not a that is not a
question this word game will be found
one day and someone will someone will
say one like that just like whoa is this
a game that's exactly what happened then
they'll say this'll be pull cuz it'll be
slang in the future right you'll say
poof
this'll be hope what regenerations got
to say something goofy daddy-o or fad
the future will be busily boom
Hisle be poop oh yeah
get get down with the pizzle t pope dog
and i say no one says dog anymore dog
I personally probably will be a negative
thing oh man that game is pizzo beep oh
alright well call will be cats man
jammer cats man jammer Jimmer
oh man I was playing I was playing Dark
Souls 8 it was all up in my cats man
jammer I'm down with your lingo rich I'm
down with Jones manifold oh man that was
turnstile haberdashery haberdashery what
old man
yeah but no no that came back that's so
old that it came back that's no cool
again yeah I see the turns of batteries
now where all the kids are where's your
question yeah well the term cool ever
die slang comes it goes fat daddy-o but
cool stuck around when when was cool a
thing when did cool start to be a thing
15 it's been ages
well that's this is I guess this is what
I'm saying is like wait is there was a
time in which cool did not mean hip and
with-it I'm popping out the chance I
don't have to look at this game that's
fair that's that's fair
so I guess what I'm saying is yes there
will be a time in which cool is no
longer cool wait it's got staying power
I don't know I I think it's here to stay
I think guess like rock and roll
actually think it's outlived rock and
roll rock and roll is no longer cool
rock and roll rock is not here they
thought was going to be cool
Houston sure I'm trapped I'm trapped in
marlow briggs no so if they came around
in the 50s cool is only you know 60 some
years old that that's not staying power
in the grand scheme of things having a
confirmed pools from the 60s oh I
thought you knew I am I asked you you
spoke with authority rich well when you
told me that it was from the sixties so
oh here's the thing okay I found the
glowing thing
you spoke with authority so I believed
you that was my fault some say in mid
60s in the chat all right someone else a
30 1933 it stopped up 33 1930s more
confirmation for 30s so yeah soon enough
it'll be in this century 15 more years
all right you know what a century of
cool a century that's some staying power
yep
I'll give you that I mean shiny and
chrome I mean that'll die out like six
months
I like silently in Chrome but I had
given six more months actually I might
be generous shiny and grow a new shiny
chrome isn't even a thing come on get
immediate okay that's kind of already
going away what is media mediocre it's
also that's it you don't remember you
already don't remember it's already gone
mediocre we ever talked keep it talking
about shiny and chrome and he you don't
remember me do ker apparently not yeah
yeah when Lux fails that's that's that's
immortan joe's response media okay
oh sure yeah see that's how it's gone
already
yeah
fuck oh fuck fuck fuck fuck
I'm at a bit of a bullshit segment right
now
which X 30 years older than he actually
is that's that's always been the case
ethnic have you always been 30 years
older than you are yeah
well I'm sorry or not sorry does not
mean uh maybe there will be a time in
which your age is concurrent with your
age so I I have not watched this but
that's just a sea thing what's fredley
if we talked about on the stream before
what had American summer yes if you have
you watched any of the show here is the
truth about what had American summer I
was more excited than anyone to see what
had Americans said I'm a huge fan of not
just the movie but also David Wain as a
writer and director and you know Michael
Showalter as a writer I'm a fan of
everything they do I made a grave error
which is I started to watch a different
show the day before what hot American
summer came out and I've been watching
that different show cuz it's so good oh
what's that different show since eight
okay that's the Netflix original a house
keys okay I still want to say what
chomsky brothers yeah you know I said my
head that's it's fine I say if it's in
your head that's what they were called
for a while I know I know it was it's
hard it's hard to switch that over oh
sure here I you know I'm sure it happens
all the time I can't man I guess
siblings but does that the same ring to
it you know you know the my chow skis I
think works here you go income in any
case you know loose and I ran out of
shows to watch it's like yeah you know
we'll just see this one I was not
expecting that much from it and I think
it's some of the best filmmaking on
television as far as I'm concerned it's
it's absolutely incredible the what's
what is so good about it the the basic
premise they've kind of been crazy ever
since the first Matrix movie you know
ever ever that he said turn around check
here well here's it you know I actually
I really like Speed Racer I think we've
talked about this before have you seen
Speed Racer why would I want to go
because it's really fun it's a really
fun action movie
hey I don't even like cartoons check I
didn't like the cartoons in any case so
the the premise of the show is it
follows individuals who have some sort
of psychic connection to one another
okay the the reason I call I'll call it
some of the best filmmaking and
television is because the way they
handle this they're like psychic link
with each other it's oh shit
the the way they shoot it where suddenly
people are in different locations and
seeing each other and mirrors and seeing
apparitions and it's it's phenomenal
it's just phenomenal it's you know all
the character stuff is all the character
stuff is very simple you know like
everyone's individual story is something
I would call very simple make me want to
watch this make you want to watch it in
the first episode there's a super hot
lesbian sex scene no good characters
just good storytelling and it's it's a
it's a show that makes you feel anxious
as as anxious as the characters feel and
I think that's a really hard feat to to
pull up so I don't
you know if you if you have a thing with
the white house keys where you're not
super into their work I don't know if
there's anything I can say to convince
you otherwise
but uh give me a shot first all it takes
is one episode you'll be sold after
after one episode or or you won't be I
guess he'll be sold or you won't be
after one episode for me after the first
episode I was so sold and it just no I
know I know J was big on the wet hot
American summer yeah I knew you were I
thought you were a fan enough biggest
fan I was super huge fan of why not I
haven't seen the show though because
I've watched that reason I'm shocked you
haven't watched it okay because I've
been watching this other thing you can
watch different things huh
yeah I can watch different things that
this is how engaging sensei it is is I
want to see what happens next
oh and well and please been impressed by
Netflix of shows so far and what has
been your favorite ah yeah you know I
think I've talked very highly of the
daredevil Netflix show and now since
eight I'm super happy with I know Lisa
is a really likes that orange is the new
black I haven't seen much of it Oh
actually she's giving me she's giving me
the kind of like an arms so so that's
not a fool that's not a full
recommendation right right oh shoot oh
she says season one is this yeah
is she waiting around to watch they live
she's what yo she's better be waiting
around to watch me live because that's
what's happening after the stream she
she says she has a burrito to eat so
she's probably hanging around for they
live okay
oh I get what's happening so I've only
seen daredevil it was good
dude it was good what I'm trying to
think of now you know like Netflix is
now a bigger thing you know than it once
was and so I'm just trying to even
remember all of the Netflix originals
so so I'm just the new black Netflix I
mean I have all the the what's that
succumb I'm the blue family sitcom what
the fuck's that called oh yeah you know
what I was not a big fan of the new
season of Arrested Development Arrested
Development that's it damn it I was not
a big fan of that coming back ohhara
house of cards I really like house of
cards that's a fun show Kevin Spacey
everybody likes Kevin Spacey that's a
real thing
ya know netflix has been killing it but
of course I there's probably like a
dozen shows of theirs that I have not
seen that might be bad so I think the oh
oh oh oh my god here's here's why
Netflix can kill it as much as they do
they can speak to niche audiences you
know I only heard commissioned four
words of that rich okay so say that
again they have less constraints they
have less constraints yes
that's like they don't have to worry
about commercial breaks they don't have
worry about being exactly 21 minutes
long like you know that episode will be
42 minutes Sam episode it could be 35
minutes doesn't matter and they don't
need to worry about seasons you know
like that a Netflix season is 13 14
episodes yeah
just gonna throw knives at this guy cuz
I'm close to death
shame they're not getting the ash vs.
Evil Dead you know that would have been
to watch that that would have been
really nice but you know I still need to
find a way to watch that apparently we
can't do it on Hulu Plus is what we
found out on Wednesday which upsets me
yeah well there's a wool this way we'll
figure it out Oh
I mean we're watching it yep is what's
happening yeah how we watch it you know
we'll just said that's that's that's the
logistics we'll figure that out but I
don't know I think I think they're
killing it with their originals I think
there's probably a whole bunch like I
said there's probably a whole bunch out
there that I haven't seen and yeah it
sucks but right now I'm loving it Bojack
horseman is that a Netflix thing
Bojack horseman is a Netflix animated
starring what's his name from Arrested
Development Will Arnett I've seen clips
of that is it supposed to be funny I
don't care okay so it might be it might
be I think I think people enjoy it in
general yes we blue I need blue goop
Josh no Josh I've see clips and I I
didn't get it did did not click with me
yeah I don't know man we'll give it a
shot because why the fuck not but right
saddle I could always turn it off you
can always turn it up
Jack the Netflix hipster I don't know I
don't know what that means yes ignore it
just ignore I'm sorry but I cannot I
cannot recommend enough sense8 if if it
was if I was not streaming tonight I
would be watching several more episodes
since god it's a fun it's a fun I did
not notice that before until I Hotel out
I did not notice that no well I'm sorry
I'm very sorry do you think they can
successfully follow up daredevil with
other Marvel properties that they are
doing yeah as long as they're the
fucking Punisher when or why aren't they
doing the fucking Punisher
why or when why he is he getting his own
show
no no he's Punisher as Punisher I don't
give a shit if he's appearing under
tough oh he's gonna be in one up so
that's great but no no he's gonna be
he's gonna be the whole season two of
daredevil the season three is dubbed the
daredevil versus the Punisher that would
be wrong well no one the Punisher is the
dumbest character what the Punisher
sucks
The Punisher sucks he's a terrible
character ya idiot I'm not an idiot he's
it's um
read some Garth eNOS Punisher path
dammit I have just never cared for the
Punisher he's a one-trick pony no depth
no depth to that fire if Batman made
sense
I think that's a very funny way to put
it like you know this is everyone talks
about the Nolan vers being the most
realistic possible
Punisher is the most realistic possible
Batman if Batman didn't have his code
sure he would be the Punisher Batman
without his code would be dead after
like three nights or Batman with his
code dead after three nights look I like
Batman he's like my second favorite
superhero character I'm just saying if
you're going with realism the Punisher
stands a much better chance of surviving
than a guy dressed up like a bat who
refuses to kill people with guns you
know you don't see many ninjas around
the day for a reason you don't you don't
think I didn't do what's right no I
don't think so you don't think maybe we
don't see ninjas around today because
they're too good Oh dead Jack no they're
all too good rich they're all dead
they're just so successful that we don't
even know that they're there okay I
think what do I do now
yes creeper spider-man is my favorite as
it should be spider-man is the best
yes bad bad is awesome not realistic
right yeah I I wouldn't go as far as say
I'm a Nolan hater but like it pretty
much all of the Batman movies Batman is
the least interesting character in the
movie the Nolan bat verse would be
worthless without Heath Ledger yes yes
100% agree
Nolan Nolan has a boring Batman Nolan
has a boring universe he he lucked out
he lucked out in a big big way he lucked
out in a big big way with he fled here
but that you know maybe that's just us
because we're used to good Batman you
know I think people who grew up without
younger people who grew up without
Batman the Animated Series they don't
know any they don't know the good Batman
Oh Oh bother I think it was obvious I
was talking about the live-action Batman
come on we all know we all know mask of
the phantasm that gets passed is given
conflict Kevin Camarillo it's fine
it's happening it's the only bad bad
movie with Batman in I mean it's a
Batman movie with Batman and oh it's so
true who's that talking to the other day
who is like trying to defend what's this
fuck
as Batman played Batman bail yep
I'll bail I thought you're gonna say
something more controversial like
Clooney
you know what Phoenix I'm so far I don't
think there are any spikes in this game
I'll be honest with you bird be like one
that's not loved you could probably
defend ah you could probably really like
Michael Keaton they should Michael
Keaton's Michael Keaton is a decent
Batman only because he spends very
little time in the suit and you know he
actually detects stuff look Christian
bill doesn't have to be just like the
comic book Batman even though kind of
Batman is like super fucking popular and
awesome he just has to not suck and
unfortunately he sucks sucks
Christian Bale sucks is Batman yes that
that's there's there's no doubt about
that
in my mind Christian Bale is a terrible
Batman not 100% due to the voice but the
voice does not help
why someone might be scripting realistic
Batman's not necessarily the most
interesting to combat and Batman's kind
of interesting because he's he's an
extreme personality is really obsessive
about what he's what he does and
deliberate Christabel just kind of like
falls into being Batman go for a walk in
Asia some karate guys okay you could
teach me karate you got a suit somebody
made a suit I'll put on I'll fight crime
good I think they did a decent job of
him like setting up like turning revenge
into a mission that was just boring it's
just it's just the way they handled it
is boring like the point got across that
he you know he was angry at the world
and Ra's al Ghul turned his anger into
into a mission and I think that's fine
did you ever sound like he really cares
about what he's doing though
Christian Bale Batman no no it's just
something he happens to do batmanning
yeah yeah yeah I I was hoping for I was
hoping for a lot less shoot time Kevin
Conroy you could just kind of tell it
but big Batman is what he's all about
that's what he is
that's what he does what he has to do
well that's you know the Kevin Kammer is
kind of like a good actor so you can't
you can't hold that against Christian
Bale look I'm not gonna dam every role
christabel's ever had I'm damning his
back you know what that's fair
maybe maybe need the person we should be
damning is not Christian Bale but Nolan
because Nolan was directing and so you
know it was his job to to kind of you
know make the character or something not
flat no no and we got something flat
what what the what Bruce Wayne is a
fascist capitalist portal Bruce Wayne is
a right-wing fantasy if I talked about
this no I don't well you might have yeah
he's a he's a billionaire who who blames
all of his problems and goes it out at
night to beat up like like poor and
mentally challenged people yep and and
his power comes from his money yes and I
am now on board with this theory
I'm now on board with his theory that he
is a right-wing poster boy I think
that's that's the real thing about
Batman is I'm while I'm sure he does a
whole lot for the community I think he
can do more as Bruce Wayne to stop all
the crime than punching yes yes jobs
like like you know the the tumbler in
Batman in Batman Begins how much you
think that cost maybe sell it for scrap
that's like that could like feed a
thousand people for twenty years that
one vehicle oh yeah yeah and if they're
not hungry
if you feed all of them all of the poor
people then maybe they won't steal so
much just a just a thought you know some
of them will still steal some of them
like stealing these are the things these
are the things Batman
we're at we had another segment where
there's just far too many helicopters
does this Bruce doesn't personally do
all truest exceed in the comics no in
the comics he buys a satellite for the
Justice League to live on in the comics
Bruce Wayne can literally afford a
satellite space station with artificial
gravity yes he has more money in the
comic books yet he still punches people
so he might do more altruistic shit is
he that is he the most is Batman the the
richest superhero some illicit toy star
someone did an info graph of like the
richest superheroes in comic books you
want to say Tony Tony Stark I'm gonna
say Tony Stark all right I mean I
believe that I have no idea Sonne Tony
Stark's got like the technology that
only he has that would be super valuable
yeah yeah Batman sitting on old money
hey I'll be with you or arguably black
panther we used to think about country
oh it's right that's who it was she's
probably got fucking billions billions
of dollars and let's fucking
stranglehold he's got of the vibranium
market yeah yeah I'm gonna Black Panther
I know I know you know what I'm
remembering the infograph now and you're
I believe you are correct it is Black
Panther okay
Black Panther is the richest superhero
but yes like he said he has a country he
rules over people you know he probably
does stuff to help his people in fact
that's why he's the Black Panther right
to help his people to protect these
people dr. doom controls the country yes
he is a supervillain I'm afraid you've
misunderstood the question
you know you've misunderstood the
question
villains do back helped just say that
Black Panther has a better higher than
Doctor Doom dr. Joe that's like a you
were you're glitching out again say it
say it again
Black Panther has a higher what I'm
gonna say he has a higher net worth than
then Doctor Doom absolutely I mean
doctor does not control the worlds of
vibranium supply right right he's like
it's like it's like owning the world's
largest diamond mine diamond mined in a
world where there's only one time in
mind I you know a country full of dirty
gypsy right he basically he's ruling
over a medieval city basically dr. doom
yeah yeah oh yeah no doctors rooms that
shit on black panther
okay see Casper is saying dr. doom is 35
billion USD black is to 500 billion USD
yeah yeah I'm gonna say Black Panther
wins right now I'm gypsy shaming oh no
god damn it rich you and your constant
gypsy shaming I've read the comic book
so if you see that blood virya of all of
the locals look like extras from our
King Arthur movie they look like serfs
they look like medieval serfs by the way
who next up who's the poorest superhero
everyone knows that it and it's why he's
the most interesting character it's
spider-man it's no know somebody that
shadows right spawn spawn is actually
homeless Oh Touche yeah
Touche you're right okay spawn is the
poorest superhero only by default also
the max the max is also homeless well
here well who's the poor and you know
yeah all right
Scrooge McDuck is duck is worth 70
billion Scrooge McDuck is not a
superhero
he's a comic book character but he's not
a fucking sir he's not even a
supervillain he's an adventurer there's
a they're very different people you know
right he's a super hero in the game reg
he's a super hero in the game check
check your priveledge check your
superheat just because he's a duck he
can't be a superhero is that what you're
saying you know it hits a criminal no
your your-your-your Mallard shaming rich
hashtag Mallard jiaming scrooge mcduck
can be as much of a hero as the next guy
yeah super hero weird sucked for Heroes
he has a cane and a lot of money you
people are just fucking with me hi he
has he's as much of a superhero as
Batman is think about that would you say
it's a superhero if if Batman can be
counted in this list then Scrooge McDuck
can Batman is super Harry puts on a
costume and he has a gimmick Scrooge
McDuck does not screw through thick has
a cane and he goes to the moon he
doesn't have a mask it is never secret
identity he doesn't have powers is dude
with money yeah if if Scrooge McDuck is
a superhero
yeah Bill Gates is super Bill Gates is a
superhero that man is fighting malaria
this your exasperation fills me with joy
rich and he told you know that sure sure
it does and me I need you to know that I
find it very comical how do you count
like an Odin how much buddy would you
say that Oh Odin has okay technically
how much money does Odin have Odin
that's a good question you know that is
rich that's a good question he like
rules the realms
what Maryland trivia Jack invented
malaria on a whim I don't think that's
dress I don't think that's true Bill
Gates is a superhero is all I'm saying
bill the Bill Gates controls computers
he's like he's like a hacker here's
here's my argument for scrooge mcduck
right he he has the money and ability of
Batman and the revenge crime-fighting of
the Punisher who also does not wear a
mask or a costume
what kind of stupid thing did you just
say you know in the in the bush in the
ducktales game fuck yourself
Scrooge McDuck has the same revenge
thing going on well it's the Punisher
obviously that was a little hyperbole
but hey there was a lot that was that
wasn't hyperbole that was just a
wholesale falsehood in in the game
Scrooge McDuck is trying to get the
money his money back right uh-huh and so
he's on he's on a revenge mission to get
his money back you know it's it's
hyperbole oh crap
I'm not saying I you know you said he
needs a new set of super here needs a
mask and then I guess my my
counter-arguments was super here needs a
mask is the punisher doesn't need a mask
so where do you draw the line between
superhero and super where is your line I
don't understand this between it doesn't
exist in your mind between what a
superhero and not a superhero where's
that line right that's the question
where's the line Ridge you know you
fight time superhero disperse McDuck a
super here needs to fight crime they
need to fight bad guys that's all that's
all really that's all you need right
crime finger just bad guys you know are
you calling like police Bend are they
superheroes and if you said they are a
fuck you well I mean one they need to be
fictional characters Oh what about the
John McClane he's John McClane a
superhero yep um no no he's just a hero
he fights crime he does fight crime
he's got a revenge thing going cuz he
has a wife
yeah but he's not super-rich and also he
has a face so by your definition he's a
superhero
he does have a face rich he has a
beautiful face his beautiful beautiful
face
I was just I was just making a
comparison between between Scrooge
McDuck and Batman is is that that fat
cop from from Family Matters deals in
Urkel that's the supervillains nemesis
what's his nemesis ergo yeah alright
that's funny
yes then the answer is yes he's a
superhero Carl Carl Winslow is a
superhero
okay nothing makes sense anymore nothing
now now nothing makes sense you've
broken
you've broken reality is broken logic in
all reality you know obviously he's not
a superhero I'm just I'm trying to make
a comparison between Scrooge McDuck and
Batman they're both rich and they use
their money to fight bad guys they're a
very real comparison exists between
Batman don't them no idea where to go I
have no idea where to go are we okay oh
hey we are we are dangerously close oh
wait you know I'm fuckin fuckin Pluto's
planet
now and now you're just being crazy rich
now you just now you're you're being
willfully up to it this might be the
most is from Billa hecka this might be
the most duct up conversation ever
that's not a type duct up conversation
oh I get it you know
these are the these are the important
things is scrooge mcduck superhero
classification these are things we need
to figure out
he fights bad guys see how the same
superhero team is really rich Richie
right and Casper that's there Casper
that's there Justice League is the
Scrooge McDuck
Richie Rich and Casper and the Archies
the Archie's got to get in there too
they need some love they all get
together and avenge the death of
scooby-doo it's a whole thing it's a
whole thing rich
scooby-doo just died of old age Jack
well you know then we don't know that we
need to figure it out there could be
ghosts there could be ghosts they're not
ghosts I don't know show that show aired
like 40 years ago I mean Faison Scooby
Doo was dead yeah yeah the the real
scooby-doo is dead
everyone knows that what scooby-doo
this is a great conversation you'll be
doing a series of look-alike dogs oh
they just they just named scooby-doo is
the replacement dog and of course we are
we have we have very strange things that
we are now like we are we have now hit
uncharted territory where it's just very
bland platforming okay and and no real
exploration I stopped watching yeah this
is we are now we are now playing
Uncharted so you're playing spin fire
man I'm playing spin fire man and you
know I'm just I'm just marlow briggs
here just marlow briggs bean Marlow and
why can't I grab the turnstile Jack we
got we got 15 minutes to kill Jack I
know we have 15 minutes to kill and I
too am very excited talk about how
Little Lulu was a superhero Little Lulu
the heck is Little Lulu now your old man
is showing earlier what actually Karen's
mother was a fan I had to track down
some Little Lulu collected volume for
hers present once that's how I know a
little okay there are some very real
puzzles happening right now and they
were all the marlow briggs
is wanting cake you've never seen they
live we'll stick around stick around
after the stream and watch yourself some
motherfucking they live and that one
Episode a half in the bag will make some
sense oh did you go through what George
Lucas explodes oh yeah I do not know all
of the the puzzle was far simpler than I
was giving it credit for I was expecting
I was expecting some sort of some sort
of challenge okay put the block here we
go here we go
doo doo doo doo so the way Jack are you
dumb yeah yeah sometimes sometimes I'm
dumb
the way movie dicks works is in the chat
they will give you a link to where we
can see the movie streaming somewhere
and then they just pick a time yeah and
they save me a 25 after 35 after we all
click play really happens the chat the
chance stays in here and they talk while
watching these but oh yeah it's no like
we're not streaming the movie or
anything like that it just you know we
can and then we stay in the chat and we
talk about it in the chat while we all
watch the movie at approximately the
same time and it's times I buy all
or some well a good time said by all in
attendance cuz we kind of know what's
happening here we go here we go here we
go here we go here we go y'all there we
go here we go here we go
now y'all yep what no it sounded like a
90s dance party lyric brick floors
ultimately 66 I don't know what that
means that means that means he looks a
lot older than he is these days no he
looks he looks like he's in his mid
seventies to be oh okay well you know
the man maybe he hasn't taken care of
himself maybe that's a side effect of
the steroids maybe maybe you're you're
just assuming you use steroids huh yeah
I think if you think you think all
wrestlers ever have you steroids all
wrestlers ever but I think it's very
sensitive very open-minded because
stereotyping wrestlers wrestle shaming
shaming you're right you're right I am
I'm Shamy
I'm steroid shaving
III think it's a safe assumption I think
I think I feel comfortable assuming that
any wrestler has as used steroids Wow
your hate you're a hateful man it's true
I mean disrespectful very disrespectful
yeah you should you should be you should
be ashamed in all respects which
technically means I'm Jack shaming your
oh yeah should be
speaking of know speaking of wrestlers
and the such did you see the around
Russia fight no do you watch altima to
fighting at all no she's a I hope I'm
pronouncing her name correctly I'm
probably not she's a lady
UFC a wrestler fighter fighter Ultimate
Fighter yeah and her latest bout she won
in 36 seconds Oh Mike Tyson used to do
that all the time completely completely
that news well it's it's news because
this isn't just boxing they also kickin
me people in the face it's very brutal
me somebody in the face you
you really expect those fights to go out
a long time right right I'm just such an
asshole I mean you are but that's fine a
complete total asshole I'm not sorry
about that
no one is asking you to be no one is
asking you to be rich no I was just fun
you know just to watch the replay today
in gift format you
it was so fast you could watch it in a
gift I don't I feel even dumber cuz I
don't know how to solve this puzzle I
was just talking about how simple it was
earlier oh right death that's the exact
kiss of death alright I somehow I have
to get over here I think am i
overthinking it again
wind in the background what is that in
the background wind yeah I was like
churning the storm that'll centralize
over your house
my hero if he's my my alright headphones
at fault could be your headphones I'm
directly below a ceiling fan it could be
it and so it's quite possible you're
just hearing the ceiling fan brush up
against the microphone those of you
listening won't hear that because rich
is listening to me through a different
microphone i chat with rich over my
laptop microphone and plug that into the
microphone I'm currently using so rich
and I are synched up
because you know when you use if I were
just to talk to you on skype through the
computer then you would also be delayed
like the game would be so it's the water
in the game
I've got the the stream audio turned off
oh you have the stream audio turned off
yeah no I don't know listen rich I don't
know what it is I'm sorry I I know I
have I've got eight more minutes to beat
this puzzle and I think I can do it I
don't know jack I think I think a lot of
people want to see you finish the game I
just you know know I've seen multiple
comments on the chat yep finish the game
game no I'm sure they were all very
sincere oh fuck
they want to see how this ends yeah the
epic tale I think we owe it to our
audience sure play this game through to
the end
you're probably right yeah you're
probably exactly right nope that's not
what I needed to do okay that is not
what the game yeah you're right no we're
totally gonna do this let's do the end
of this game Jack I wonder how close I
am in actuality to finishing the game is
the real question
you know throw the way through you think
I'm about a third I'm gonna say a third
oh I see I see what it is I see what I
was missing I think I think I see what I
was missing
yes okay that's what it was I figured it
out everybody I figured it out I figured
out the puzzle
I am the puzzle master super puzzle
master somebody in the chat mentioned
that book the the Martian did you did
you hear about that from Karen by chance
when she was streaming with us the
Martian I first I've heard good things
about that book right
right there's somebody that somebody at
the chat is saying they've read it oh
okay there's they heard about it through
her oh okay don't let her know if she
spread the word I'll probably just lie
and say that anyway yeah that's the real
something in the channel and it totally
read the book because of you yeah oh
yeah their lot they loved it they
couldn't send they they thanked you so
many times you are an inspiration to
those around you
she might be around next weekend cool
for a stream song bugs
what's next weekend
she's gonna be around oh I might not be
around next weekend
I am I don't know what's what's going on
I'm out of town again I think oh wait no
that's not next weekend that's the
weekend after weekend I'm looking at
Lisa like she has the answer she doesn't
know either
oh yeah you know what we don't know
nothing about nothing
we'll figure it out we'll figure it out
okay
now that I'm done being super puzzle
solver I had to fight some bugs
oh yay yeah more bugs yep are they
really fun to fight yeah no everything's
really fun to fight in this pressing axe
over and over again for anyone who is
having trouble hearing the games be
grateful you cannot hear the banter
between marlow briggs and the haunted is
almost dried up rich i think it's
because we both know that it's getting
closer and closer to the day live time
and so we're just like yeah we're done
talking to each other you think we just
need to be quiet and just finish the
whole game right we'll finish the whole
game while you guys watch fail in which
that's not happening because I want to
watch me live
we're just so into the universe that is
marlow briggs Wow something like it
actually hurt you almost a real buck
like you right you know I get into it
rich I get into these games it's one can
we expect a no death run of this game by
rich never expect that never you don't
think I mean have you died oh yeah I've
had a couple times you could you can
easily do another run I've fallen off of
ledges and stuff is all my desk I don't
oh I know and I did die to an enemy once
oh my god
I know and I do an enemy again
it has some very interesting ideas
the marlow briggs like right now after
I've defeated a giant scorpion bug I can
now ride around the giant scorpion bug
and fight other giant scorpion bugs
that's kind of yeah yeah I know I know I
know it's very exciting to you but
that's why I'm saying like this is this
is a really great be game where it's not
it's not good but it's just good enough
to uh to fit that to be here that none
of those words made any sense gotta for
God for or gotta for will the be Jack
from the be bore yeah well you're
getting you're getting all pixely oh say
we're starting to lose Internet not even
the internet wants you sabore oh you hit
those things
glowy swirls you hit them and they give
you baubles
Jack what yeah
it's 10:30 well know that we started a
little late so I know I didn't want to
tell you but we we actually started at
10:40 or we started at 8:42 so to get a
full two hours of Marlowe brains
Jack you're a sadist no I'm just joking
of course you know I do just kind of
want to see how far we can take the
whole marlow briggs thing but no I've
worried it we're done it ends right it
ends right now hold on we're gonna we're
just gonna get to the next you know what
whatever the next save point is that's
that's one we'll stop it
okay that's when we all stop it whenever
it saves oh and I think it's right here
as soon as I go through this door is it
gonna yeah okay there's the next same
fine great alright we're done with
marlow briggs and the mask of marlow
briggs or whatever this game's called do
we have subscribers we do we have we
have a couple subscribers okay let's see
here
seventh row K's 87 ed Witten smiling
strange Harry fed dick the bday boy
chaos 14:28 choo-choo it's just that in
my hair let's see what is that danger
peanut rich reeds Stardust child Brian
you do you do uh child bride and Lando
was taken thank you for subscribing we
really appreciated
it's truly really do through and Oh mr.
Beebe's wants a shout out for for two
months subscribers sure mr. boobs thank
you for subscribing as well I see that
Pizza roll all right so everyone stick
around in the chat once we're done
streaming and the the mods the the movie
dicks will give you all the info you
need to know to watch they live and
stick around in the chat to dekat and
everyone watch they they live but but
also thank you for indulging me in just
an incredibly bland and weird game
I hope the chat was semi interesting may
have provided some entertainment we we
talked about some stuff I don't know
this would have attacked about Scrooge
McDuck right yes the riveting
conversation of Scrooge McDuck a
superhero and where else are you gonna
get that where it where else no nowhere
for good reason oh I know I stopped this
dream okay well thank you thank you
everyone for coming out we really do
appreciate it and and now let's all
watch they live
