GALAK-Z & a Half
August 12, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dGzPNdvtHQY

this would be a horrible like like three
seconds to relive for the rest of
eternity we're starting soon because we
started that was my bit enriched that
was my bit that was a bit that was my
that was the literally the best bit I
could come up with right at that very
moment hello everybody so sorry that I'm
running late
computer issues everything's every sort
of issues were happening and that's what
you get no that's what you get I am
gonna play Gallic Z and if you notice
something lovely about this the pause
screen has little like VHS tracking on
the top of it ask you then thank you
there should have been glassy and but
why is that why is that rich
why why is that rich I don't know why my
what's the joke
good Galaxian Galaxian yeah what's that
that's a game jack oh it's a game where
things flight out and you shoot at them
their spaceships to look like bugs well
you know I don't I don't I don't know
these things okay I'm gonna start
playing how I start playing rich this is
what's gonna happen all right I'm glad
you're done
oh my god what was that what was what
could you do that yeah definitely so no
that's quite definitely not quite
definitely yeah now it's now the audio
I almost want to skip this you're
stealing your prerogative you know yeah
I do want to know what's going on look
at these little space guys go on the
side of the ship was just life on the
skull to the children skulls it's made
by the same people I have no idea I
don't I someone someone tweeted at me
that I would possibly like this game and
I think I might and so I bought it and
now I'm gonna play it I do hear it's
supposed to be like from the same
developer I thought it might be oh good
that's great I'm gonna learn how to play
it it's loading that is correct oh
that's good
ex Quadron report and why squadron
report in anybody I'm here my name is
attack attack my name is a tank rich
where is the attack attack that's what I
do with my ship and I thought because
the intense action give you a heart
attack
ooh possibly better targets came down
okay so it's like a twin snake the next
target just teaching me at a good
turnaround test fire your lasers what is
this available on what are you playing
this for me
I am blings on the ps4 just because
that's what is easier for me to stream
on right now yeah because my office is
in shambles and so I'm in my living room
and it's just easier for me to play oh I
can just hold down X is there anything
funky - aiming or just twisting class it
well yeah classic twin-stick except for
you know like usually in a twin stick
the other controller moves you in this K
in this case it's a spaceship so the the
other controller just your throttle okay
so it's a little bit different where you
kind of have to like so it's like
asteroids
it's like asteroids it's exactly like
after it's okay so it's not a twin stick
I don't even know what you call an
asteroid you call it an asteroid
you call that like physics yeah yeah oh
this games just don't give a fuck yeah
you fly around shoot a snake no a rocket
would ship the dimension in such a way
that mmm you couldn't steer like an
airplane worried about your thrust and
momentum I like it
feels good I'm forgetting which one is
throttle and which one is shoot can you
guys hear the game at all right now
did I turn it down too much now did I do
a bad I'm just gonna say yes having no
idea where the other entire fleet it
looks cool like how it looks like my
little shit
so you just you're just flying around
the large 2d area with ship floating
around
yeah like sinister sinister the monster
that asteroids first I want you to head
to this large asteroid it seems to be
Hollow
you'll be able to use it for covers
Sinistar was was a classic arcade game
but it actually it talked that was one
of them was like two gimmick oh yeah the
star would wouldn't say things as he was
chasing it down like the big ship in the
background that's carving yeah I think
that's where the lady is
Komodo Academy class the rocketboost now
so why do you even need the little shit
just being the big ship with the lady
you know good ship eyes they can
maneuver like the little shit apparently
it is you're not in front of it clearing
the way it's ahead of you now wait I'm
in deep space is this a bad thing oh
shit hey did you get turned around I
need you I wasn't paying attention and I
stopped following the area I was
supposed to follow my bad Oh Jack I know
I know I don't ever pay attention
so you have your thruster but you have
to pay attention stuff like you can also
break just hold both thrust buttons at
once wait oh there's a backwards thrust
button - that's fine oh my god
and and that's the brake if I owned the
boat
well fuck do you die in one hit a la
classic shooters no no so far I've run
into a lot of walls I mean maybe that's
that that could be a that could be just
because this is the tutorial I guess
we'll see it was not made of explode iam
which is good a lot of a lot of classic
ships and games are made out of explode
iam always strictly a poor choice of
materials yeah yeah no this seems to be
pretty robust although right now I'm
fighting bubbles and so I think even if
it was made of explode iam it I can't
imagine the bubbles would do much damage
something sure
probably less frustrating this way
though it's on your way open your map to
get a sense of it we're gonna map to the
what okay great I love their last game
skulls of the Shogun but it looks like
this would already have gotten old to me
well you know let's good at we we got to
give it at least faster tutorial right
don't judge your game by its first level
it's a long ass tutorial level yeah yeah
fuck yeah
yeah my jam is that space just space
junk gotcha okay space space jam what
about sham space J okay I am ready to
take out some probes
probe spotted tester missiles on them
hold the missile button to open the
target er keep holding to lock-on more
missiles release to fire whoa that's fun
wait till you see the missile thing okay
that's cool you know what it is cool
it's very anime the way the missiles
shoot out of you
so I dig that those are neat looking
missiles signal rings out loud and clear
and there's a good chance full of sense
whoa do you need to blow up the
asteroids or is that just
yeah she's extra you got to get him out
of the way and so we can
what is that wait was that money in the
bank yes
muzzle what's that who's that what's
going on what's kind of what's happening
that's a lot of this game so far it's
not drawing me in you know what this is
exactly my kind of game and it's not
exactly drawing me in although that
could just be because I'm looking for
literally any excuse to play more rocket
League even if you've been addicted all
I want in the world is more rocket
League I'm so addicted that it hurts
yeah yeah
but I know I can't you just played it
and I knew Karen blade it I know I can
but maybe later maybe once I'm done with
this before I think that's probably the
new thing so just a heads up that might
be happening later yeah they're they're
totally trying to look like Robotech
okay oh yeah I'm on the axle off the USS
axe Elios XD Leo's yeah this is this is
totally 70s anime sci-fi
oh of course with flash animation at
least I have a plan
fight the Imperials strike at their
heart I'm the only fighter pilot left
rich that's the that's the moral right
you're the only one I'm the only fighter
pilot left oh my god that's depressing
yeah maybe maybe you need better fighter
ships it's a little no it's all up to me
rich I'm the only one that can do it I'm
the only one that can do it you have
this dynamite you just want a ship that
doesn't make any sense I think I mean
you know you're gonna die on the first
mission I'm just one small ship against
the Galactic something that's evil if
the other ones all got destroyed I mean
what's what's so special about you
trying the same ship they are I think I
think the best soldier in the world
isn't gonna win a war single-handedly
Jones right I think I think at some
point it's it's just time to surrender
no they're chumps
mechanic friends crush just a bunch of
chumps rich they can't handle mine they
can't handle my jelly I don't their
jelly of my jelly only because it's
fiction only because it's fiction yeah
yeah of course
get off me happy thing hey bean what
kind of person is crash he's a bit of a
hermit keeps to himself using too many
missiles well they are they limited yeah
and I'm not coming crossing that's like
I gotta have to be more careful about my
missile usage what's my health it's
anime rich one teenager can end the
universe if they want to learn sapphic
yeah that's that's kind of the problem
with anime isn't it that's it you know
that's any story like one person can do
everything they're always like underage
fifteen-year-old kid come on come on if
it's made for kids that makes sense
right yeah only one boy can do this I
forgot which button was missiles they
made uh they made an anime based on the
zone of the enders not not on this just
take a look at the same universe out of
the story from the zone of the Ender's
Game okay and the what I liked about it
Imperial like a fifty year old man just
like an old dad whose kids hate him it
was not at all your typical anime kid
and I enjoyed the hell out of this
grumpy alright first mission and I'm a
little bored I'm a little boy watching
there we go there we go that's that's my
official feelings which is sad because I
gotta say I really love I don't think
with her streamed it but I love skulls
of the Shogun Alaska babe have you
talked about that I mean I think you've
just mentioned the name before bitch I
don't think I don't think it's ever been
streamed but sure I try to rectify one
of these days yeah yeah
oh you run into those things and they
slow you down I don't like that the chat
is also bored oh good so it's not just
us no no I mean I don't mean I'm good
like everyone's bored but well you know
we're doing good boring gameplay this is
when we can chat about other stuff I had
my bunion removed oh my god I don't
think I've ever had a bunion what is a
bunny I was just gonna ask you the same
thing I don't know what a bunion is I
think it's something on your foot
it sounds comical though yeah have you
seen the Deadpool trailer yet fuckin
awesome yeah I didn't I didn't give a
shit at all until I saw the trailer okay
so we should have polished all right
yeah you know I just I was remarking
I've never even actually really read the
comic books cause like I've never been
an x-men fan right I was vaguely
familiar enough with Deadpool but that
movie just looks fun it does looks fun
it looks nice and ultra violent I mean I
I just the question is are they going to
let him break the fourth wall the second
I like Hampton like halfway through the
movie he's gonna start breaking the
fourth wall they have to well remember
Wolverine Origins here's the greater
question is if they don't break the
fourth wall will that ruin it I don't
know I'm not sure I mean he kind of he
kind of does in the trailer the Green
Lantern reference it's not truly
breaking the fourth wall oh no not the
Green Lantern reference at the at the
end you know he kind of talks to the
camera
okay you know like he shoots the guys or
any snakes the gun and you know I'm
touching my son I'm gonna be touching
myself later he says that to camera good
it could be talking to himself
great get me out of here oh my god
name your price trade for trade and a
trip home to earth I got beat yeah I
mean it looked alright I'm something in
general that how do I do I have to like
push him into this I don't know I don't
know it's all me I'm not generally happy
with improv for improv steak speaking
specifically of like the Deadpool movie
is that scene with whoever that comedian
is from Silicon Valley the guy who's
like just talking about how ugly he
looks Zeena seems very improv acerra
leafit with the rest of the tone of the
trailer it might it might fit perfectly
fine in the movie but I think improv is
one of those things that a lot of people
say they like in comedy movies but
actually only like it in improv comedy
movies you know and I hope I hope they
don't that part of the trailer really
turned me off the jokes about his face
even though they were funny like tonally
it didn't mix with the rest of the movie
you know no it's fine
it looks like your face those are those
are funniest jokes
it looks like an avocado had sex with a
slightly older avocado maybe was just
that actor maybe I just don't like that
actor
Crash's parked himself below decks and
wants to talk maybe you need to like
more things to make me feel like I could
I could like more things but yes classic
Lego cinema who by the way made a made
an excellent Man of Steel Batman vs
Superman lego video he says this is
Playa I feel this game makes my eyes cry
classic Lego cinema did were those did
you use our lines from talking about Man
of Steel to make that trailer because a
lot of those sounded really familiar I
thought it was really funny but I
believe you said it was inspired by that
oh good
oh you're doing business with you move
on and let's get it equipped I don't
care I don't want to buy any weapon
upgrades you get you got to equip
it's on the ship and you're good to go
what so what are you doing whatever
let's talk about the game with you what
do you what are you mumbling about in
your head right now I don't know don't
know what I don't know what I'm doing I
have this auto-fire upgrade increases
overall fire rate and fire pattern and
then I'm in equip laser upgrade okay I
think I think I get to pick an upgrade
yeah but I already did it I thought I
did it
alright whatever fine
what is your thinking for going with
whatever thing you went with today well
because it was a different thing than I
heard and I don't under I don't
understand or know what's happening and
I don't necessarily care so that's
that's my official review of Gallic
disease because you're so disinterested
because I'm so
give it another level whoa listen I walk
by level usually purely for purpose of
cutting up you later YouTube videos I
want to give everything at least an hour
because that makes a nice easy edit
point oh it looks like I have a pink
laser now and before I didn't have a
pink laser the pilot you get like
asteroids you know like like this is the
level here this circle you'll see in a
second and I have to explore the circle
and find my way to that you know oh it's
an interesting looking enemy so that's
good would it be better if you're like
dogfighting all the ships like yourself
yeah that's what I was expecting
and maybe that happens later place
Pokemon says I heard this game was
roguelike inspired so presumably the
difficulty should ramp up at some point
okay and that would be good okay okay
now be and I can see that like maybe
perhaps every asteroid is procedurally
generated
I'm fighting some more challenging
enemies now which is fun what is that
he's got hit by something I got hit by
something same I'm rooting for these
guys cuz I really do like skulls the
show baggage to walk that's a great day
okay no and I just got a little new
mechanic here
I got a Duke what I'm reading more
imperial signals I could I could see
this more fun it's kinda yeah it's got a
slow start I don't think the the physics
would make for a great action game
though this is there's a reason ships
don't fly like this in the movies they
view in Battlestar Galactica I'll do
that yeah this is this is exactly how
they and why are they why are they
shaped the way they are then their ships
what do you mean their shape your
standard shape for aerodynamics yeah
yeah there is reasons for that because
of like the way their thrusters are for
multi-directional pivoting science I I
stand by my thinking that you would
really like the remake the newer version
of Battlestar Galactica until the end
makes me want to close my eyes off just
the last episode well that's that's
important yeah but you get all the other
justice if you're telling an epic story
the ending is important yes I agree
I still think you would like a display
your sitcom every episode stand on Star
Trek
ends it's not an ongoing story sure sure
I'm with you I'm with you but you know
what I still look back on Battlestar
finally even though I did not much care
for the hippie-dippie
ending I know what I know what my pet
peeves are though yeah so
that's good
settle down my crowing oh how did I get
up there yes yet I understand that
Battlestars got a lot of religious
bullshit going on the the original
Battlestar lost me when angels started
showing up angels started showing them
yeah angels and white suits I've gone to
a different asteroid version and somehow
I don't remember any angels in the
Battlestar remake so you might have some
better luck you know there's definitely
some some juju some hippie-dippie
crossbar I probably I probably should
watch Babylon 5
it's Babylon 5 and like Netflix I don't
know I've never been interested in
Babylon 5 do you even have like a health
farm I don't know
so that's that's bad these these are all
really good questions rich I I cannot I
can either confirm nor deny a health bar
oh I think I just got an extra health
bar am I supposed to leave now I guess
Babylon 5 I don't know anything about
that so it never looked like something I
wanted to watch the chat is lobbying for
police quest I know I'm you know maybe
we should start another quest games we
should we should start another question
no I don't know the next one's gonna be
police quest to not not that we'll never
do it hmm yeah just switch things up I
was leaning towards the King's Quest I
believe the third one okay oh you
definitely should we'll do more of those
types of games we have fun doing them so
of course we will do more of them I
can't I can't read along right now
because I'm watching the stream on
stream I'm watching out of delay
knowing there's voice acting you know we
can't even new voices
tightly-packed turbocharged oh I don't
care I was boost fun
wait let's do that wait what did I do
god dammit I don't know what I did I'm
laughing for a full frontal lobotomy at
this point yeah this is really for
someone someone tweeted at this game
tweeted at me this game saying that it
looked exactly up my alley
and according to the trailer for this
game I mean just looking at this game
you would assume right action-packed
super fun in space adventure I don't I
don't think you can make astrophysics
super fun oh I think there's I think
there's a I've marked the spot this is
our first best hope I think you can I
mean
I think with the fingers what might die
for the person who I die it's great
nice now I know I can die have you ever
been so happy to die in a game before
not happy to die always is that it's
good to know that I can die and
obviously oh when you die or finish a
season all weapons ship upgrades and
Salvage are lost oh that's kind of sucky
Lord suffix has stopped flying into the
enemies yes yes I do need to stop flying
into the enemies I agree lord Saavik
thank you thank you I guess
for telling me something I already knew
how long we've been playing this not
long enough how much time do we have in
here I know I know I know you like easy
edits on the videos jack but I think
we're losing everybody we're gonna give
it a little bit longer I mean I mean the
only other game I have is rocket League
right now which I really do play looks
like my lucky crash coins while you were
out you could probably get like a better
crowd response enough pac-man right
right right
Donkey Kong donkey concept you have
Donkey Kong there are no pleasant
comments for this game right now
no as there shouldn't be as there
shouldn't be yeah I guess just a wait
didn't I buy oh oh that's why I didn't
buy it you have to press that button to
buy and then that for next okay everyone
had more fun watching bookworm
adventures which is game you spelled
words she's played bookworm adventures
yeah you didn't see any of that I did
not see any of that
that was great everyone everyone was
throwing out words it was kind of
interactive oh that does sound like fun
you know what we can talk about
something that I'm very very excited
about
have you heard of the steam boy no can
you use context clues to figure out what
the steamboat it's which is crazy why
would anyone not be big on handhelds
play a game at home let's huddle could
be playing a game and I may as well be
sitting on the couch on a big TV yeah
yeah but you know like don't you ever
like you go somewhere and have 10
minutes to kill and if I'm if I'm going
somewhere I've probably got other things
debaters speech down you know that's a
good point right yeah if I go places I
should really have something to do maybe
maybe I'm driving I can't play a game
while I'm driving I'm not driving on the
pasture that means I have somebody to
talk to
yeah sure oh yeah I guess I find more
reasons for - to play handheld games
I enjoy handheld games but if I have
time to kill I would probably either
rather either read a barn or like let's
do an audio board there's something like
that sure no I mean I like reading books
too but I you know the the idea of a of
a an easy the idea of an easy like pick
up and play on a tiny screen with less
powerful hardware yeah I'd rather just
play it I'm a big screen
yeah but like again imagine you're
somewhere like somewhere I'm daggered
playing against an aeroplane do you do
much aeroplane travel I would be reading
I I would bring a book on an airplane I
don't know what I could do I could not
get into a game
I use aeroplane Travel freaky forgetting
which button it is to fire I'm not good
at this game although I am now that I'm
understanding the that it is a the I now
that I'm understanding the roguelike
elements I'm getting into it's slightly
more plus what I want to play and I
spend the whole plane trip thinking I'm
going to die yeah so I don't I don't
think I'd beat using a game much I'd
just be like clutching the the armrest
where's Phoenix is Phoenix here today
confirmed for spikes confirmed for
stinks getting my affairs in order
that's what I do when I'm on an airplane
I get my internally I get my affairs in
order really you you do not your your
I'm convinced I'm going to die on that
plane you got fearful traveler hate it
really yep it's an it's a nightmare oh I
enjoy airplane travel it gets me places
faster well yeah yeah that's why people
take planes yeah
great great airplane travel if you die
on an airplane yeah you're you're not
remembered for your life
you're remembered for your gruesome
horrible demise yeah you're also
remembered for your life
you're no longer a human being a husband
a father your your that your that bloody
shoe that washed up on a beach when you
die in an airplane
why a bloody shoe because I saw a
picture of that once Oh God wreckage
yeah that's horrifying
that's like that person's whole life
everything they've ever done all their
hopes their dreams been reduced to a
bloody shoe oh you know what rich oh my
god no it's never gonna end
no well now I'm gettin it now I'm before
before I was looking at these as levels
you know like someone planned this level
you know and and it's designed in a
certain way and I think that affects how
I go into a game like if I think that
someone designed a level I'm looking for
the easiest way through the level the
most efficient route right I'm looking
for all the stuff that a designer would
put into it but now that I know that it
is procedurally generated I am taking my
time a little more going doing a little
more exploring before I was kind of
fighting the images haphazardly just
trying to get to the end of the level
where now I know I need to take my time
understanding how it works a little bit
more
to answer the chat they don't remember
you for your demise if you like die
peacefully in your sleep or you have a
heart attack when you're 85 that's just
you had a life and then you died you
died tragically and horribly I think
people remember the tragedy when they
think you what you when you when you
what you think of Natalie Wood not that
anyone of this chat has ever thought of
Natalie Wood you don't think of that
movie she's been in you you think of her
drowning in a plane and the suspicious
nature of her demise oh man no she's an
actress yeah when you think of Shanna
tape you think of crazy cult members
cutting out her fetus throwing it around
like a football that's what you think of
but you think of she had a tape I do I
have never thought of Channing Tatum
Sharon Tate or Shannon tape oh oh that
doesn't matter because she doesn't have
a name she's that woman that was
butchered by Charles sure sure I'm with
you I get I get what you're saying I get
what you're saying
in any case steamboy a tiny handheld
computer with the steam controller
attached to it that will play obviously
I'm excited I'm sad because I like like
like that guy 911 the picture that guy
falling off the building yeah his
nothing he ever did in life matters or
will be remembered other than that well
it was horrible horrible a few seconds
that's that's what his life has been
reduced to that's that's what his family
probably has to remember whenever he
comes up now oh yeah he was the guy they
drive out of the building don't want to
die tragically I don't I don't think you
got a choice you don't I just say okay
so here's the court does anyone does
anyone buy four died tragically
people people tend to like that in
fiction for some stupid reason the hero
dies and exploding in a giant factory
explosion that saved an orphan I don't
know sure-sure blaze of glory kind of
stuff yeah yeah bon jovi would want to
would want to go down in a blaze of
glory
you ever seen young guns yeah was that a
weird movie why would you call that
weird wasn't that the one where they
like we're Billy the Kid yeah
was an old man but then he was also cool
it was like cool all the cowboys but
they were young I don't think Billy the
Kid was an old man in those books no
yeah he wasn't home oh you know what
that is that's young guns no that's
young guns isn't it where's like the
reporter sees the old man on the side of
the road well second one that young
implying that he didn't die right oh
sorry you know what I always confuse
young guns and young guns too
that's just about me
Oh Jack confusing young guns and young
guns - again that's what they say about
me like all the time
yeah yeah we've reached the point in the
stream in which we're talking about
young guns quality yep
ever see the dual Jack the dual
Spielberg's first movie just feel Berg's
first movie now
so that yesterday you saw it yesterday
pretty good pretty good the ending sucks
a little because the movie has no idea
how how to end no so it just kind of
ends what is the premise of the dude a
guy cuts off this kind of crummy looking
semi truck thing with a giant flammable
taker on it he cuts it off and then the
driver the semi-truck fucks with him the
whole movie it kind of escalates and
gets gets almost like diddly really yeah
he like it cuts off the truck then the
truck just come screaming ahead of him
cuts him off the road
you know it's back at farm another bag
guy cuts off the truck again huh huh
I'll get you the truck starts trying to
run them off the road
Oh free jaws so something that's cool I
enjoy Spielberg in general that's my
general overall about Spielberg he's
good it goes on too long but it was
originally meant to be a TV movie so
they they added some padding after the
fact
No
Jetts saying 1971 1971 that's bill
burgers an old man as a surprise to no
one
MC Lucas says the truck driver is Syria
killer he has trophies in the form of
license plates oh yeah wait the steamboy
is not named steamboy they're calling it
the smash zero
really this man like I mean I guess I
don't even know if you can call this
teen boy there's probably some copyright
laws about naming your handheld gaming
device anything boy right no all right
I'm just gonna say stream is too classy
to do that oh I don't think steam has
any say in it I think it's one of those
steam boxes which which you know like no
matter what the Alienware steam box is
called you know they the XK 320 it's
always gonna be called a steam box right
you know what hold on I'm gonna have to
go get some water
I'll be right back all right you talk to
everybody about I'm gone
I I did not watch Christine with the
chat last night I actually went and
played some like rocket League and
whatnot I needed to play rocket League
I took the Burton I'm trying to get Jack
to stop this but unfortunately for
everybody
jack is starting to like this game so
we're all doomed forever and ever
everything is doomed you think I'm
doomed I think no you're we're we're
doing because you're starting to like
this game yeah I'm starting to like this
game see no matter what here's something
you should know no matter what rocket
league is happening tonight because I
really really want to play rocket League
briefing rich was shitting on rocket
League as well
when did I shit on rocket League you're
full of shit yeah you're full of shit
and you hear what you want to hear and
you don't hear what's actually happening
and you know fuck off fuck off turn the
stream off and and and fuck off you're
one of those idiots who who like lumps
being Jack's pinions together - I
thought because that always pisses me
off
yeah oh well yeah cuz you know like even
if we have very differing opinions on a
game get it so we're at first were you
like indifferent towards rocket League
or
hey I think I was pretty positive right
from saying it I want to say immediately
so we're out of food
yeah implants because you played it
first put down the fuckin controller I
reluctantly handed you the controller
yeah so I want to say right off the
get-go you were just like this is kind
of fun and then the more we played it
the more you loved it so I mean that
obviously means that you were shooting
on it all night I don't know I don't
know what you were thinking or why here
deal is but usually when someone
immediately loves a game what they're
actually saying everybody there that
night like even even Josh and Jay were
just like hey seems like a pretty cool
game even though they didn't play it you
know why cuz it is it's the it might be
the coolest game ever
it's it's a rocket League understands
multiplayer gaming like a lot of
multiplayer games don't understand
you fucked around what season mode at
all or just all all multiplayer so far
at me all multiplayer look up I have
been playing a couple four on four
matches which are insane and I'm on yeah
what is that what season mode and it's
single-player with with BOTS okay there
there are different teams that you put
you this more colors than just blew an
orange Jack what yeah yeah what white
one a gray one a purple one and is
basically are they're basically like
different challenges like yeah no I'm
just like it's like they just make teams
and you play through like a sports
season okay okay cool yeah I said I mean
it's kind of neat I'll get there
eventually I'll get there venture just
because I'm gonna keep playing
I'm getting it I'm getting it oh yeah
I'm picking up food crates here today to
talk about Oh have you seen ant-man no
you want to talk about him in are you
gonna see are you going to see him in
probably no I don't maybe maybe these
may be on video someday sure do you mind
if I talk you got spoil spoil the fuck
out of it I mean you know I can't
believe anyone is going to be surprised
you know like spoiler alert be damned
where it's just like have you seen Iron
Man
have you seen Captain America do you
understand that the basic premise is
there's a good guy and then there's a
bad guy with good guy powers but he's a
bad guy is it even worth talking about
what do you have to say about ant-man
mostly because I was you know like I
more more than any of us I was
definitely excited to see a men are more
curious than anyone else you know yeah
and it's all right like I really I
really enjoyed the action sequences all
of the ant-man II stuff like the
fighting and them hanging out with ants
and shit that was really cool I thought
that it was not funny which is upsetting
because it was supposed to be like the
funny Marvel movie yeah you know
director I thought that the only two
really funny bits wearing the trail halt
Rudd Paul Rudd Paul runs in and I love
Paul Rudd kind of shocked that it's not
it's not comedy at all well you know
it's it's cute and it's it's
it's like it has like a really like
joyful tone about it and it's it's light
and it's fun it's fun is what it is oh
god the only really the only two gags in
the whole movie that really work as gags
like that are funny you saw in the
trailer which over the the Thomas the
Tank Engine falling over you know like
they're they're small and the train is
gonna hit them and then they cut too
wide and it's just a toy tank or a toy
train right yeah and what's the other
good gag in it it's in the trailer it's
a funny bit in the trailer but it
doesn't matter that's it there's there's
oh my god what do you what are you even
doing in this game what's what's the
object well like for this level I need
to collect food supplies it's all the
same stuff which is basically to kill
all the bad guys and find all the find
all the treasure and then every level
has you know treasure
I some somehow I got a laser upgrade and
I did not want it sorry I'm really
trying desperately trying to think of
what that other gag was in the movie do
I have a favorite spider-man story arc
hey I think I think my favorite
spider-man moment is that that that
classic good go spider-man story him
looking up that that heavyweight when
he's pinned like that under Doctor
Octopus is underground base he's pinned
under this heavy machine and the water's
coming in on top of him and he just has
to lift a heavy thing but Steve Ditko
does such a great job of visual
storytelling with that sequence that is
probably my all-time favorite spider-man
moment just to answer that question it's
a good moment in spider-man but the
question was story arc spider it's not
about a story arc spider-man's about the
the the the life and times of Peter
Parker it's an ongoing thing I was
trying to help you out there trying to
help you out there keep talking about
this boring game jack know I had a
little more ant-man to talk about oh oh
I'm sorry I know you're dumb event I
thought you were done with that man
it was frustrating because I was trying
hard to think of the gag which by the
way tells you how great the gag was yeah
I just just cannot for the life of me
think of the funny thing that happened
in the funny movie sorry I thought your
entire point was that it wasn't funny
and that was terrible
I didn't know yet more oh I did it was I
wasn't trying to derail you I apologize
no that's all right
I decide us one more one more point
about the movie one you know so it was
fun but it was not funny the other point
about the movie is it seemed like half a
movie wait Jack I'm gonna interrupt you
one more time please I'm sorry I'm gonna
I have to do this so the first of the
chat saying maximum carnage thank you I
hope so I really fucking hope so that's
not real maximum carnage was fucking ass
yeah alright alright Batman Ant Man
Batman alright here we go and begin okay
so here's the thing so one of the big
point one of the big character plot
whatever's of the movie is Hank Pym
hires Paul Rudd to steal to steal the
bad guys ant-man
right yeah he has his good ant-man suit
and he's like Paul Rudd you need to get
the bad bad man does bad things with
yeah that's that's like the big thing
moving but what you might not know
Evangeline Lilly the lady okay is is his
daughter okay and she's really upset
that she's really upset that that he
hired Paul Rudd because she wanted to
use the ant-man suit okay and to stop
the bad guy from doing the bad thing
collected okay and she is really well
trained like she like knows karate she's
super in shape and she's working for the
bad guy like she oh my god well not not
like you know she's working as a double
agent for the bad guy to like gain intel
on how to get the bad guy ant-man suit
okay so she has an in in the company she
has martial arts training and is in
general a badass and she's just like I
want the ant-man suit so that um you
know I can do this and Hank Pym is like
no you're my daughter and I don't want
you to get hurt I want the schmuck to do
it okay and then you know in in a
typical story I guess what you know my
thought was I bet there's gonna be one
point here where like she has to put on
a suit
Oh oh fuck I thought I could die I did I
thought I could quick jump out yeah
there's like an exit but apparently you
have to clear out the bad guys before
you can quick jump out Wow yeah that's
upside I was doing I felt like I was
doing really well in that time so anyway
in in typical movie fashion right the
this this lady who's just like I can do
it too would find some reason to like
put on the ant-man suit and you know
save the day in the end and prove her
father wrong right yeah
but instead her father tells her no and
she listens well I like that space that
that helmets floating around at space
man it's cool yeah all right and that's
it she's like okay I guess I won't even
though I really want to I guess you're
right dad what she even fit in the suit
I mean there's like belt bits in there
it's kind of a loose fitting suit she
could probably finish she's a little
lady and roads not that big I guess it
was you mentioned create a superhero
with like a suit that's just hanging off
of them doesn't fit at all you know this
one oh the ant-man suit is not like skin
vinegar so fit the gloves right I keep
baking jerk and interrupting you you do
you're trying to be funny and it's fine
I know I am trying to be funny you
trying to be funny
yeah well I'll get to you no it's all
right you're only because you were kind
of interrupting me mid I made sighs I
apologize and admit that I'm a jerk and
so like the hard part for me is I just
want to finish up this rant and then we
can make fun of stuff wait the big rant
is I felt unsatisfied because this
character who wanted so much to prove
her worth just ended up saying okay I
guess I'll sit down I guess I don't have
to prove my worth and it's just like
yeah well it kind of sucks but it like
everything was leading up to her doing
something at the end even if it's you
know Barbara Gordon in Batman right
like she's doing what she does to help
the Batman right and it felt like her
character was building up to that and we
get nothing we got a little post credit
T's about her and that's it really
really unsatisfying and so like I think
that was part of the original script is
her being a bigger character and then
that was taken out what's what's the
post credit T's they don't know what are
they doing a wasp is she's the wasp yeah
cuz they they show the wasp suit and I
guess even though I've never wanted you
to put on this suit and I've warned you
against it my whole life I've actually
been making you a suit and it has little
lady bits in it to protect your lady
bits but that one will fit but that one
will fit so when I think she could fit
me and Mansu you know like it might be a
little snug in some places a little
dangling yeah she would not look
attractive in the end Man suit but I
think I think it would fit she though
she is significantly taller than both
Martin Sheen and Paul rod is she yeah
she looked like she was taller ha Martin
Sheen is that her name
using it on his Martin Sheen I'm super
talking about Pam Martin she yeah damn
is margine yeah I'm gonna give this one
more go
Charlie is the son Charlie is this you
know it was also Emilio Estevez nobody's
heard from since 1988 he's doing his own
thing Jennifer Lopez was that who who
was he with that wasn't Jennifer Lopez
it wasn't Jennifer Lopez oh wait wait
wait wait who's he with for ages you
know singer where you stuff on those
that okay no no way Gloria Estefan was
married to
in the Miami Sound Machine I almost
somebody famous
could be Sheena Easton Sheena I think so
but what I've none of this is good st.
Catherine zeta-jones is sure as all of
them Flicka this relationship I'll talk
about I am I'm talking about Michael
bugs do all done got Lea dual actually
that somebody before done got Lee said
tall Abdul and by the way none of this
matters because Michael Douglas isn't
you can tell how much attention I
haven't paid forgot I forgot who was
Hank Tim right right
so it's like overall I am man I don't
think is that good like it's alright no
I did not enjoy just based on what I saw
it looked okay ish wish is I don't rush
out to the theaters to see a movie that
looks okay issue yep yeah you know what
it was it was kind of Thor territory
fine I put it slightly above Thor just
cuz I give two shits about Thor and this
had Paul Rudd in it so it's like
slightly above four level in the Marvel
Cinematic Universe how do you feel about
Thor the full movie oh it's okay yeah
yeah I didn't bother staying the second
one how's that
mmm cares about the Southworth chris
hemsworth it really cares about their
yes comes with their help earth and i
mean i say that we known from now to the
end of time yes no matter what movie he
does Thoreau is forever Thor and he will
be grateful that he is forever darkest
comic conventions having the facts for
baddest yeah it's also called whatever
pays the bills when he's old and
desperate he's got a fallback yep he was
in real movies - he was in that Ron
Howard race car me just so wrong that's
fine I just don't care about him him and
his brother his brother is also in the
Chad movies what Jennifer Lawrence in
the movie in the post apocalypse where
she's an archer
Chris Hemsworth the helmsworth little
brother is that quite post-apocalyptic
so much society post-apocalyptic I mean
I become dystopian dystopian you know
what you're right that's the better
that's the better way just fuck
ellipticals when people go nuts they
start wearing like change and and
leather and then they whatever whatever
whatever car parts they could strap
together that's what they drive but well
that's just Mad Max Mad Max is the
prototype post-apocalyptic movie so yes
that is Madison
hi dystopian that's a that's a much more
appropriate word yeah III I'd say the
difference is then in post-apocalyptic
there was next to no society left sure
in distillers unhappy Society there's a
lot of society but it's not very happy
so it's kind of like day I know I like
it I like it
there's unhappy society I do want to I
want that out forever to be called
unhappy society Pizza train 11 says
post-apocalyptic is one people watch
Jack play this game for an hour this is
my last run tonight yeah now that I get
it it took me a while to get it go go
Speed Racer the Speed Racer movie I like
the Speed Racer me see the Speed Racer
moving oh no no I wasn't thinking about
moving I was just the style of this game
oh yeah 70s 70s anime that's some Speed
Racer
go go speed we are doing the thing we're
doing we are doing the thing in which we
are doing and now we are doing it faster
go speed go
odo Racer X is on your trail he's going
to crash ah speed I love you think's got
creepy I was doing that was my that was
my impression of a Speed Racer character
that was your impression of speed
racer's father telling Speed Racer that
he's in love with him yes that's what
that was yeah yeah so yeah just sayin
just sayin
just you're just sayin a lot of it got
inappropriate inappropriate when I say
that it's really inappropriate I make
jokes about 911
do they do this I can't really hear the
audio do they is their dialog like Speed
Racer in this kind of the way they talk
yeah yeah like they talk they talk at
each other and yeah do all sorts a sort
of wacky stuff they got to go all in
with the bit theme style theme oh I
think they're in it I think they're in
it I see the crystal it's too big to fit
in cargo you're gonna need to shoot it
and you're going to die you look like
you're going to die yeah I'm on one hell
I have not mastered like moving this can
be better if instead of in these caves
it was more of an open environment or at
least for variety in the environments
and I think I think a lot of that is
just me not progressing visually things
seem very uninteresting which is
shocking because skulls of the Shogun
has just visuals have so much character
and
I agree I agree with you
I agree with your basic assessment
target destroyed it's like a it's like a
slow paced action game yes where you're
not very maneuverable well you know I'm
playing it I'm playing it cool
definitely it's like you're flying a
brick I'm playing a brick yeah yes that
is that is appropriate people look
fantasize about flying the brick I think
that's the problem this game yeah but
you're a bridge fighter ships what do
you think yeah but when you think
spaceships just because of the culture
we live in yeah
fast agile dodging and spinning that's a
good trick do a barrel roll
you can't oh god I can't control what
I'm doing that well I was doing a barrel
roll I was doing it like a super awesome
barrel roll it was great
all right I'm playing rocket League now
this is what's happening because I died
okay
let me up I'm gonna keep my in the chat
and look for all of the in caps
give me a second everybody give me one
damn second
