OH MY GOD! (Invisible Inc Part 1)
November 18, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jo80VIEKZn0

no they don't notice anything you don't
think they've noticed they've never
noticed anything different ever like
like the the last couple streams we
didn't have a face cam yeah nobody
notice the thing that's I know I know
they're not a very um they're not very
bright
well I was observant they're not very
observant yeah yeah well it's kind of
the same thing is that very bright
no you know I think there's a there's a
brightness oh look how high up that is
we have a primary complaint that Ridge
had about the face cam was you know we
would talk to you guys but have to look
at the chat and so we moved the camera
real quick though well I'm looking at
the screen krieger 7 8 3 14 months in a
row and telegin 15 months in a row you'd
be Krieger 7 8 3 buy buy buy one month
one month congratulations thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we really do alright hearings
working on this oh my god we had 18 more
or I find my vine will say y'all know oh
my god they're all pouring in future
future J oh um just this guy you know on
kool-aid man 13 months in a row and
press B to dick punch thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it it's
true we really do mm-hmm
anybody else who shows up after that
well tough shit you're gonna wait all
right we're streaming we're going oh my
god we got games shit game we got the
cam and the the thing that was taking us
a little longer to to get down is if
you're watching this online it's
something we talked about a little bit
ago we now have a tip jar and we have no
idea if it works but under under the
screen there's a little link to to
stream tip dot-com if you tip something
may happen if you test something may
happen something may happen we
to set a tip limit and so we set the tip
limit it'll only show up on screen if
you tip over $2,000 yes right
so $2,000 that's that's the mark you
want something amazing to happen yeah
and that's it if you want to if not no
big deal that's how it works
turn on the game turn on the game so
rich I already had problems with my
title of the stream yeah ink blot test
and like you know I just tried to come
up with a with a quick thing so
invisible ink blot test it looks like a
bird because the you know they kind of
have wings
I've never do when you see in blood
tests I've always see birds no I don't
always see I usually they look like
vaginas then all seriousness I've never
done I don't care to me yeah they almost
all look like a pelvis you just got a
squiggly thing in each side it's kind of
like a big 8 shape like a pelvic bone
pelvic bone okay public bone like an ax
skeleton okay okay I think that's fine
I've never actually thought about an
inkblot test more than like seeing them
on TV shows and whatnot if that's a
normal thing I'm gonna turn our volume
get to the main cinema
like the Dodger and get out no detours
proceeding to target so we're playing
invisible ink because there is a new dlc
new characters items that's great well
see how it all works up so the big news
in our life
yes is I have now seen a Neal Breen film
pea brain it's done something to my
brain
yeah Breen is life yeah brain is love
he's also deaf he's also dead he's like
all income to sample everything he is
one of everything is everything
yeah and it's beautiful Neal Breen
movies are officially beautiful is that
much people to say about November we
can't go to to into it we were talking
to on the twits I know we were tweeting
yes yeah I've been admitted is how did
this conversation go well you know like
I know a lot of people in chat and a lot
of people on my Twitter we're
recommending green and actually someone
the the copy that we want thank you wow
thank you lost in Technicolor for a
thank you 30 seconds I've been it lost
in Technicolor says I've been subscribed
for roughly 15 months but it never shows
up just
well Lawson technicolor we do appreciate
know how bad is the volume on that is it
the word is it deafening we're rushing
to get that set up before the stream
uh-huh it's possible that's cranked up
to huh it might be a little hard down
Chris nope all right great we're stuck
woman yay oh that's right leave makeup
leav leave a cup sent us double down and
and and way obviously we loved it yeah
but thank you leav echo like so I was
tweeting with Edmund because lower the
game audio I can do that yeah that we
can do for sure he is also a is a huge
bad movie fan and he's a fan of best of
the worst and red letter media in
general and so we chat sometimes and he
is the most excited that we finally saw
oh my god oh that's right gobbledygook
gobbledygook thank you for donating $25
we really appreciate that and he says
play DC Universe Online for the ps4 it's
free you fucks there's there's something
we might be playing next week that
should be exciting might be you get
teased him jack I kept tease him we
might be doing something fun on next
Wednesday who's new it's quite possible
that we're doing something really fun
next Wednesday
Olivia is new Olivia is new no idea what
she does find out the saying it will be
oh that would be great if we could make
it so the more money people donated the
louder it got you can just do it you can
just do the same because there's an
option to like split it yeah like you
don't want to do dollars yeah we use
upload the same file our volume they we
could yeah we could lease we could
totally do that
yes yes consider it done next time Oh
that'd be great
$2,000 will make you deaf
that would be hilarious but I think he's
yeah we were neil breeding yeah we're
breeding we were we were breeding we
were bringing about Neal and and Ed
McMillan wanted to do a screening of was
a double no nor the other one one of
them one of them and he tweeted at Neil
Neil Breen asking you know for
permission to do it oh yeah and what do
you say oh and and breehn breehn was
like absolutely not like legal legal
reasons we can absolutely cannot cannot
screen my movie and it's it's it's like
he responded to it on his Twitter but he
it wasn't like a personal response it's
just like on his Twitter please don't
screen Oh Neil Breen doesn't know how to
use Twitter follow him on Twitter
because instead of replying to people he
just tweets out to all of his followers
the answers to random questions if you
follow him on Twitter you'll just see
him say like no maybe next week it's a
nobody and you can't find the question
that anyone asked him he's a beautiful
beautiful Neil Breen is a beautiful man
thank you tell me though the head of a
grill and he kept badgering he did bring
about I don't know if this is a story we
can share no I don't know okay I'm
unsure so I don't I don't want to I
don't want to say the end of his story
all right that's fair enough but the
point is you should kneel Breen is
beautiful and and we finally saw we saw
double down and I'm really excited about
that you should all watch I don't
believe that Breen can use five laptops
at once I know on kool-aid man well we
we think none of them might be on but I
think I think Neil Breen is so good mmm
he does not need to see what's on the
screen and he has his screams and
disabled so that nobody
see what he's doing on the computer yeah
created a monster we've created a bit of
a monster okay I love it and I'm saying
the things you guys are typing in the
notes aren't showing up oh my god oh I
wanted I want the notes well I'll figure
that out I'll fix this cuz like the
notes I want I want you guys to be able
to see the notes that you type that's
part of the fun yeah right now yeah all
they're seeing is they're just saying
the name in the amount oh okay well we
gotta fix that we gotta fix that looking
at while I'm doing this I do well first
we should thank the people yeah
leftover beefcake thank you for the five
dollars the five dollars that leftover
beefcake is giving us is to invest in
acetone to dunk these steam controllers
into I don't well here's I want to I
want to make this clear yeah I don't
hate the steam controller I just think
if you already own a controller yeah and
or a keyboard mouse it's just not really
worth it right it doesn't do anything
better if I mean like I can only speak
from a perspective of the way a mouse
and keyboard user yeah it's definitely
not enough of a step up in shooters to
be worth it I'm just gonna keep using my
mouse and keyboard on the couch look at
this you got your boy yeah my board and
a mouse I'm on the couch and it's
working fine this is working just fine I
can do this so I can buy a steam
controller that's like it's like a buck
and a half but you got there oh this is
terrible no this is great I love it this
is everything we wanted and more this is
everything you wanted so thank you oven
as a navigator the ten dollars would
really appreciate that
my letter thank you thanks for being
awesome guys keep up the good work we
will skeletal snuggles says praise
breehn yes and we can all agree praise
be to Breen
we up two breezes breezes Brina Brina
s-- breezes breezes greenness well
because he's bringing it's gotta sound
like Jesus Breen will not accept any
lessening of his name that's a thing
about neo Breen that I know
so yes the skeletal smoogle praise be to
Breen
L Matan 106 I accept your feelings thank
you we appreciate that but do you accept
your life but but L Matan have you given
into our new Lord and Savior rhiness
tiny turnip thank you nominate us
because the sound this makes is fucking
hilarious it's a little silly I'm like
three turns that I've already fucked up
Jack oh you don't have a stun gun you
fucker
who is this and he's a new character I
don't know what he does know he did
Derek oh no yes he dun dunnn he just
says like pistol and I don't want to
kill him praise to breena's you have a
stun so you can stun him breena's you're
not supposed to show up Cameron Devine
this is the best thing ever to nuts
witches wants to know if I can do a
little jig I can I'll do a chair jig for
you I don't think that's a very good jig
I think that's downright embarrassing
just embarrassed I'll jig for money I'm
digging for money oh it's for money it's
for money well anything
anything yes we have rich did a special
recording for the new oh my god that's
actually what was taking us so long is
we had to quickly record that and and
get it get it ready for you guys you
approved thank you thank you I'm glad
you approve of my of my jig that was
just for you
Lucky Strikes I can't take off my shirt
that is against twitch broadcasting
rules really yeah
no no streamer cannot remove their shirt
male or female that is that's weird what
that is they don't want it to they don't
want their gaming streams to turn into
pervert rooms and you know it's not like
you can just make a rule against girls
yeah so it's in so I cannot I cannot
remove my shirt so you cannot see my
incredibly sexy body great well I'm glad
yeah so much louder than the what the
follow my god that is incredibly louder
than the motherfucker now we need to go
back and redo the what the fuck I think
can you take off clothes that are out of
frame I could theoretically like I could
turn off the camera and take off my
clothes or I could go like by the TV and
take off my clothes so rich Canadian I
used to stream without pants all the
time yeah every time as long as it's not
on camera it's fine you can do it
everyone favorite customer thank you
thank you for the 666 hack fraud or bust
you should be able to lean still why
aren't you bleeding we appreciate that
thank you a favorite customer execute
auto six six six need the important
thing here Neil bring me bream he made
me think of like like Chuck Norris
because Neil brain the man is he's a
badass
he's the mimetic badass you know and
Neil Breen can do everything not
anything he can do everything and he
does it better than
anybody else and that maybe you think
it's Chuck Norris well like for the
onion yeah you go ahead and fill in the
details for the uninitiated we've only
seen one Neil Breen movie but I do hear
that this permeates throughout all neo
breaking hey we're gaining tips but
we're losing and like I need to we need
to tweak the settings because like
people are showing up when they like I'm
just gonna use the real one people are
people are giving us like 60 cents oh
really
only alert for two dollars I should've
but it's not but it's not alright so
yeah well that's gotta change we're
gonna obviously this is our first run
with it so new key hunter says that they
would like Jack to eventually play
Arkham City I love the game and I think
he would - I am I am going to do that
I'm actually I think I'm pretty close to
asylum to beating asylum I still pick it
up every once in a while obviously we
have to play other stuff for the show
yeah but I'm actually pretty I've gotten
a lot farther in Arkham Asylum and so I
do plan on playing cities you haven't
playing so yes yes it's fun its own it's
you know the combat oh man that combat
is just great that combats the best but
by Chuck Norris Chuck Norris was the
thing Niro so so for the for the
uninitiated Neal Breen in his movies is
perfect he's a fighter pilot he's the
he's the best at everything he's a
computer hacker he's the best computer
hacker the government can't touch him
because he's a ninja he can create a
force field he knows how to he knows how
to do every I don't I don't want to
spoil too much but he can literally do
everything and he's the best at
everything
ever and and the Chuck Norris jokes I'm
sure everybody knows about this because
you know there's a lot of Chuck Norris
jokes where Chuck Norris is the
strongest man in the world oh yeah Chuck
Norris was between a rock and a hard
place and Chuck Norris won and Chuck
Norris were worn right yeah yeah you
know Chuck Norris got put on Santa's
naughty list now he runs the North Pole
yeah yeah Norris jokes yeah yeah but it
made me wonder because Chuck Norris he's
he's not a young man hmm
he's gonna die at some point and I'm
wondering are there people who already
have their Chuck Norris is dead Chuck
Norris I mean jokes written and saved
and they're waiting for Chuck Norris to
die and there's gonna be the post leg it
rained on Chuck Norris birthday he had
to go punch God is that going to happen
are they are these jokes already written
in anticipation of the man's death
here's the answer to that yeah
absolutely anyone who has ever taken the
time to write down a Chuck Norris joke
already has one of the works for when
he's dead like there's a thing on
Twitter where you can like save your
tweets as drafts yeah I am guessing more
than a hundred people have their Chuck
Norrises dead joke just like a click
away I am not having a good game you're
not oh fuck me uh holy guy give me a
second here I'll just this guy you know
thank you getting just this guy you know
is donating now while it's still
hilarious
thank you just this guy you know thank
you for a little bit for a week bio
seventeen weeks it'll be hilarious bio
pussy ninety once we fit once we fix
this hole under $2 thing
um long sub-bio pussy 92 thank you
Longshanks just found out I'm going to
be a father
congratulations Longshanks Longshanks is
going to be a father not you you're
already a father I'm already a father
but now long Chase is gonna be a father
it's not like you're gonna be a father
again I just wanted to make sure you
know sorry I was reading Longshanks
comments congratulations Longshanks I
was one I was one second away from
saying why the fuck don't I know before
him I'm your goddamn friend but
congratulations it's so much more work
than your then you think it's going to
be it's great I don't know if greats the
word it's if you want children having
children is great but you gotta wanna
because they are tiny tiny dickheads all
children why can this guy not because I
can think of just peeking around normal
corners because that is stupid
I forget what I should be able to peek
around this corner let's get a better
look
hey the option is no you need a movie I
have five movement points that's weird
created a monster you've created a
monster this is my idea okay Cameron
Cameron divine wants us to know that we
are hacks this is true this is true noob
camper wants to know if we would ever
consider playing survival games the long
dark or games of the like you guys make
the greatest voices Thank You noob
camper you know survival the long dark I
don't know the woman or the long dark
like don't starve that is that a
survival game oh yeah don't starve as a
survival I've heard really good things
about don't starving we have yet to play
that yeah but and they have a co-op now
don't start
so we will be doing don't starve rich
and I you know we don't much care for
survival horror right but maybe just a
survival game we would like Magpies are
us has donated money for the specific
acquisition of my next carton of eggs
Thank You Magpies I eat eggs every no
it's nice to know that somebody's
looking out for you Jack I appreciate
that I really I really appreciate that
Jon kilo wants me to insert a clever
comment here and I can't I'm very sorry
all of us is quoting Neal Breen smells
rotten all of us has come back again
come back again I am your spirit and
beer Meister twenty eighty nine says I'm
making this my ring turn and turning my
phone up as high as it will go the the
rich Evans oh my god ringtone is exactly
what you need in your life we'll make
sure we'll try to be quiet for the next
oh my god
and I'm kool-aid man is donating to
cover my Starbucks coffee thank you and
kool-aid man I really I really
appreciate that this is not good hi I
should just give up I should start again
yeah I should I should start another
game cuz I'm just fuckin up left and
right I'm really sorry I'm really really
sorry I can't do that why would they
take out oh wait they move it down here
why do they move it down there
that's just so there it is oh okay well
well they change usually it pops up
right right by you oh and you know what
I'm seeing that in the chat now they've
just moved to the corners why why would
they do stupid changed it I can't change
you know that's fine okay where were we
Chuck Norris jokes which we kind of just
finished but I want to write your own
shut Norris is dead jokes
see that's the anticipation I may be I
think we should do that
so people are writing
noise drugs jack notices dudes thank you
because I like the way you move
no thank you if you're a dude I noticed
you and if you're a chick I know to see
too so maybe we should write some Chuck
Norris jokes yeah in case of his death
but I think we need to be specific
okay like for example what if what if he
dies of a heart attack we need to think
of a joke in which Chuck Norris is so
strong or fast or something in case he
dies of a heart attack so you wonder
these one at a time let's workshop this
workshop Chuck okay some Chuck Norris
death jokes because that's wholly
appropriate Chuck Chuck Norrises heart
was afraid of him and could only escape
through death Chuck Norris is so strong
he actually had a heart attack five
years ago and was holding his heart
hostage something like that that's a
Chuck Norris joke he only died because
he it couldn't make the ransom Chuck
Chuck Norris died of a heart attack only
because his heart got into a fight with
his lungs or something like that
there's something in there it was him
who attacked the heart oh my god indeed
I'm not reading I'm not reading any of
them if they're under $2.00 they're
gonna show up but I'm just not gonna
read any of them
except for you Edward Jellico male
gigolo oh thank you for the tip we
appreciate that oh he is it naturally do
something about that well Jack I think
it's great it's gonna be nuts this
street you're right they're gonna get it
and then they're gonna get it out of the
system get it you guys got to get it out
of your system you can just just work
through it my turds are green oh my god
is donating one of 2,000 my turns are
greener donating two of 2,000 my turds
are green you settle down and I I last
1984 thank you for the tip we really
appreciate that that's nice oh my god I
like that Phoenix Chuck Norris his heart
wasn't out of rhythm the universe was
that's a great one Phoenix that's a
great Chuck Norris Howard attack Joe now
you're on the trolley okay so now what
if what if Chuck Norris gets into a car
accident this is the this is so Chuck
Norris dies in a project
mr. cliff would like us to know that
this is never getting out of their
system that's really great let's see
here if Chuck Norris dies in a car
accident
what's a good you know on the way here
you came up with the car was jealous
that Chuck Norris was faster oh that's
it that's it
Chuck Norris didn't get into a car
accident the car the car crashed because
it knew chuck was faster than it yeah
yeah something like that that's a good
one oh I like that ghost I got it if
Chuck Norris dies of dysentery Chuck
Norris didn't die of dysentery dysentery
died of Chuck something like that like
yeah if he has any disease like if he if
he gets like pneumonia like pneumonia
didn't kill Chuck Norris Chuck Norris
killed pneumonia yes oh that's a good
one Emery what if a dad as an old old
man Chuck Norris dies peacefully in his
sleep yeah okay okay so what's the
what's the Chuck Norris is such a bad
ass joke yes this subject is morbid but
you know this is where we're going
tonight we're check Norris isn't dead
he's just taking a power nap oh my god
that's great
cge 1-1 3-8 thank you thank you for the
zipper we really appreciate that I
really like them yeah this is this is
just the longest power nap yeah that's
really great we left ovary okay that's
great Chuck thought his seat belt was a
black belt and felt too safe
this is a nightmare that never ends I
agree tiny turnip this is yeah but it's
marvelous wonderful night bit of mystery
and Wonder it's a marvelous wonderful
nightmare
obviously like rich said it's going to
be a little nuts tonight but I don't
regret it I don't regret it I know you
don't regret it I'm starting to regret
it a little bit Thank You dick neutral
seventh row donated $4.20 so we could
blaze it 420 so thank you seventh row
and dick neutral you're right life will
now never be the same because we've seen
Neil Breen's balls it's traumatizing
it's it's you guys need to watch more
Neil brain movies it's so great
I know Moby Dick's was watching room 237
last night oh when I got home that's
what that's what their own great great
it was the part where they were talking
about you know what was in the center of
the frame I brought up the fact that
Neil Breen's balls were in the center of
the freight mm-hmm reckless and there
you go was very good Kubrick asked Neil
no brains balls Oh ghosts and goblins
that's a great one this is a great Chuck
Norris
Chuck Norris died peacefully in his
sleep sleep took the night off in
solidarity I'm sure that makes sense but
I like it ooh a Michelle 87 he wants to
know what happened to the fuck pot emoji
I I set up a replacement emoji today
that I think you guys are gonna like if
it gets approved I don't know I don't
know if it's been approved yet but I
know you guys have been asking for some
new emojis hold on let me see if it's
been approved yet I don't pay I think I
get an email when it's a
but uh I set up I set up a new emoji
today and I'm pretty excited about that
and we can always bring fuck bot back
when we get new emojis but I had to I
had to get rid of one to give to give
you a new one and you know what I know
you guys don't like Tim but I love his
face I can't get rid of I can't get rid
of Timmy's face look at that face
little derp face that's one of my
favorite emojis ever is the Tim face
it's gonna be hard for me that's right
we don't have fuck about 5000 but we do
have gay bartender I love that face look
at it this is a great yeah I'm dead I'm
just dead um I'm calling this this
particular batch I didn't make it past
the first first floor oh my god and
campaign that we're done all right oh
that's let me check my emoticons know it
is still pending the new emoticon is
still pending but Lando was taken I'm
gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna alter that
slightly says this is when Chuck Norris
dies the force becomes one with him you
can you can do it you can apply that to
Buddhism though okay when when when
Chuck Norris doesn't die he doesn't
become one with everything everything
becomes one with chakra that's good yeah
I like them Oh
press beat a dick punch I love this
dream thing I know I could have charged
the gun but that that run was so fucked
so early I just want to start again
leftover beefcake would like to donate
money to the bring back fuck BOTS fund
thank you and safer dro donates nine
dollars and 11 cents so we can get back
to 9/11 we're gonna try Draco and
anonymous wants us to wants to know if
this is the end of oh my god is it quite
possible that we will hear oh my god so
many times tonight that it will it will
lose all meaning do you do you remember
what it was like when we first did the
what the fuck yeah there was a lot of
what the fuck yeah you're right you're
right I'm willing to accept this mostly
because mostly because they keep giving
us money and you people are wonderful
you are you really really are
hashtag bring back fuck bot listen I
once you see the new emote well we'll
take a vote once you see the new ammo
once you see the new mode and then I
will reconfigure some of the some of the
some of the emotes I could get rid of
Tim I know but I I just love that stupid
derpy face it's my favorite thing it's
my favorite amount to look at what did
we change the sternum for maybe I can't
do that here I wall its final just
starting programs we could we could get
rid of the beer you know we have that
opening beer that one I could get rid of
that that one up there yeah I don't
think I've ever I don't think I've ever
seen anybody use that before okay I
could get rid of the beer can and bring
back fuck Bob then how about that I've
seen fuck pot used yeah you've seen
fucking fuck by you say I haven't seen
the beer one like that I think that's
the first time that I have seen the beer
one and this is our stream this is also
my stream and I've never seen that oh
well then there he goes so by the way
then that makes it easy I'll get rid of
the beer one yes you know of course now
they all use it that's beer I thought
that was an iPod says future future Jay
I thought it was a gameboy now is a can
of beer opening I can fill I can fill
I've what I figured is you know that
would be that'd be like an emote to use
like if you're like oh I'll crack one
open for you right no no fuck pots
coming back Oh State hashtag save beer
right Oh
turn off tactical view I hate I hate it
I hate it is it stuck on this is
glitched on oh dear oh no oh wait that
was back to normal okay no no that was
back to weird no oh no and you know like
it's I I uh I only got rid of fuck pot
because I haven't seen it used in a
while so Jack fail Jack always fails use
it or lose it folks I will I will
okay that's Banga doug is also donating
to the bring back fuck by fund okay I'll
bring back Oh Batman voice is posting
like all of the emojis for his rights
are taken away
I'm so sorry Batman voice I will bring
fuck about back to you I promise I will
we can do that you misread the people
Jack huh you misread the people I don't
you know this is this is new coke all
over again new coke new coke you never
knew coke no I don't remember new I
don't fucking god
in I grew up on a fire don't let it go
do you know why they called coke coke
classic why because in the 80s to
compete with Pepsi this Pepsi was
overtaking coke coke actually changed
their formula
no Coke it's just the cold coke wasn't
coca-cola classic and they announced
this big thing and we're gonna change
the formula cook is gonna be different
now it's different formula everyone it's
the new coke everyone like rebelled
there was massive backlash really
against new coke then people demanding
that they bring back the old coke
where's coke I want the old coke and but
what coca-cola did was they brought back
old coke and in the negative publicity
they had so much negative publicity that
it sold more than ever we're back on top
and there are people and I think it's
fairly reasonable who think the whole
thing was just a a stunt a publicity
stunt
it worked dramatically if it was this
was this was my plan all along and
removing the fuck bottom oh I'm just
gonna make him more popular than ever
this was exactly my plan you see you you
actually wanted to reinvigorate the the
the fuck bottom boat because you hadn't
seen it well maybe that's it yeah it was
good thinking jack mate you know and
maybe we could always we could also get
rid of jeez you know the Jesus face okay
I see that every once in a while but
that's not used as much I'll get rid of
the beer can and bring back fuck bond
perhaps if I want another one we could
get rid of jeez but first of all VOC Mir
VOC Mir thank you for that that tip we
really we really appreciate we really
appreciate them nice nice we were you
know we appreciate you watching I'm glad
that you think we're alright you guess
honest response look evil bugger like a
bag of the big book Mere vu c'mere
booga-booga Bhagu Bhagu
no not jeez I'm sorry I'm getting rid of
the beer can everyone's okay with that
player now he's threatening the jeez
what's going on
and I know you want me to remove Tim but
that one's for me okay that one's only
for me
jack is Jack his friends with that man
not only meant not only am i good
friends with him I love that he's
talented he's talented timmy is talented
you although you haven't seen him in
bunch of her stuff that he's he's
talented he's down too and I just love
that face and you know what when I'm on
other people's dreams I use that emot--
all the time
get rid of smokey Gameboy yes I'll get
rid of smokey Gameboy smokey is what
they're calling the can of beer there is
no you know there is no end to my
tyranny and my my emo tyranny reigns
supreme
the the control of the emoticons is the
little power I have yeah and and I will
wield that with my mighty photoshop
skills I think you're gonna like the new
one I'm I'm really happy with the new
one so I think you're gonna like it
oh I hate tactical view turn-off
tactical view everything looks like
weird oh it's like it's like it's stuck
on detective vision and I don't want
that oh yeah I'm with him I'm with you
thank you Oh bother
Oh bother just wanted to be one of the
cool kids and what you know why and you
are for a moment the Oh My gods worth it
this is the best day ever
it's in waves right this is the best day
ever it's coming and going in waves and
it's driving me a little crazy and I
kind of love him thank you Lord Belmont
we love you to play the 7th guests
sometimes sometimes the 7th guys that's
the that's like the old like
point-and-click yeah error like people
like that 7th guest yeah Barron Liam
okay
what uh-oh and people are trying to talk
with emotes what it's a language now
emote yeah it is something that was a
didn't you see the Webster's dictionary
word of the year emoji it was a it was
it was the laughing while crying emoji
okay
that's their word of the year that was
the word that was used the most yeah you
know it's it's kind of sad no it's
cyclical because isn't that where
language started like it within the
Egyptians was like pictures yeah we
moved beyond that the more sophisticated
forms of expressing ourselves but now
we're now we're back it's we've regrets
what you're saying we progressed as a
society we what we might have regrets as
a society a little bit we may have gone
too far in a few places oh my oh wait
hold on I got a new thing oh my god yeah
what is this I don't know what this is I
saw this it in the earlier but you did
not tell me about it I found this I've
been blindsided I found this and I feel
like the the dollar bin of target and
and I loved it I think we have enough
sound effects today wait hold on for all
the Oh My gods I don't know if it had it
doesn't have me like but I'm chump
though that's what I was looking for
that's on yours yeah
so I found a new that okay so we have a
couple things T so we have our sound
machines huh nice T Carl Z for says it
might not have been said yet it's more
of an underground movement but you
should really consider bringing back
fuck bots and keep up the good work we
will stick Lords thank you for donating
probably going to like the new one
you're probably gonna Rob ibly and I am
gonna bring back
but stick Lords is fashionably late
welcome and thank you while h2o while eh
to go while eh we'll eh two O's are
willing wrong all the time
I don't know Willie's not happy about it
Willie we're sorry but you know what I'm
a professor you know dr. wily that's
where I'm going like sorry
yeah and that's me too same thing Willie
h2o says facecam donation hype did I
walk into a real stream by accident heyo
but um thomas but i'm chomp okay yes the
the the new emote is Breen's balls it's
me it's a close-up of me that would be
amazing wouldn't that be terrible that
would be amazing it's not neal bring
it's not Neil Breen
no no it's not me oh brain yeah so I
found this like it's it's called a sound
machine at the target dollar bin and I
just brought it here and it's all
terrible things oh but there is a I can
do that myself I can do it better myself
I do variations spring I guess it's fine
spring not fine does my nose honk if you
squeeze it is my nose red it's cold as
soon as it gets cold my nose starts
getting red probably from years of
drinking this is this is Jack's
extensive clowning background if my nose
just naturally grown balls red that
could be that could be the spring is a
sexy noise that's right like if we see
it if we see a sexy lady then we go boy
that's a fine investment it's a fine
fine investment you know it for a dollar
that's a this is a write-off
I actually added this I'm not joking at
all I added this to my duction
spreadsheet as a business write-off
because Oh son of a bitch one movement
tell me I got one movement I don't think
I do nope I don't
oh you're gonna oh my god you just got
shot in the face we can fix it in post
we've just fixed it in post no see and
you know you thank you for the for the
tip but you know the P if we are
pronouncing your name wrong just let us
know and chat and we will try to so like
just a door over there
Oh T Carlile oh and I you know obviously
I get confused because the S is in there
T Carlisle also Rich's mouth fart sound
game is strong T Carlisle says I want to
sit in on that audit no I my my
accountant has long very long
conversations with me sometimes this is
the first time I've used this
