Brutal Doom and BS (Part 2)
November 8, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6JGHeju2i4M

is it like demand or something they
didn't say you can watch it it's also on
demand you gotta watch it watch the show
been watching other things been watching
far like not as good as shows like I
should be watching at receive of that
but I want to like as first as evil that
is like pure bliss yeah it's not the
best show ever but it feels like it
I was so as you're watching it you're
like this is the greatest thing ever
even though you know the back of your
mind it isn't it's just so I was so
relieved more than anything that it was
so great because it could have so like
you know all this time has passed like
it could have it could have not worked
at all but they they just nail it and
that's I mean evil ed to is like one of
the most important movies to be so fact
that they don't fuck it up it's great
yeah
and not just that it's like new evil dad
but the fact that it's like there's
Campbell Sam Radford all the original
people even the guy who can put the
music Joe lo Duca like and it's not like
an exact copy the score from you led to
but it has that same sort of feeling
like that all those guys have been
working together since they were like
kids so great that they're still doing
it oh yeah and it's still good tone
right yeah thank you they they they of
course they understand what makes it
great because they made it in the first
place but it doesn't necessarily mean
anything George Lucas I'd say that's the
exception not the rule
as far as like crater coming back and
getting it right George George Miller
and and Sam Raimi that's it that's it be
able to ever ya know I'd say the
Sylvester Stallone did it twice
rocky and Rambo he came back with both
of them and they both worked Rocky
Balboa but like you know rocky that was
a good movie and of course it's nothing
but a retread of rocky right but it's a
good but I I I can't tell cuz I have
such a soft spot and so I there's no way
I can I can even be a little bit
objective like if I like fur Creed which
looks good I think that looks so good
even if it's crap I'm gonna love it
because it's another Rock yeah well
that's interesting because it's not like
all the other movies were written by
Stallone it was like his project and the
interesting thing about that whole
series is the way that each one sort of
reflects where he was in his life and
career at the time yeah and this new one
someone came to him with it it wasn't
his project he didn't write it it's I
don't know the directors name but he did
a movie called Fruitvale station with
Michael B Jordan who plays cream
and he's just grew up a fan of the Rocky
movie so he's like hey I want to do this
rocky thing he gots the one on board so
it's a little bit of a different
perspective that's exciting
I'm scared Rocky's gonna die in it I
think he might die in it he's stuff on
the trailer about him being sick
Rocky's had a good long life I don't
know it'll be it'll be completely
appropriate and satisfying if he dies in
it I get it but it'll still make me sad
rocky will live on forever in our hearts
ocean that's the that's the moral of the
story but I love the idea of him now
being Mickey basically like I think
that's neat as long as it's the last one
nope Creed's Rock Rocky Balboa would
have worked as the final one but now
this doing like a passing of the baton
thing like that works and if well maybe
if they make another Creed movie but
don't have rocky in it you know let
rocky be done after this green not if he
dies he dies then he won't be in unless
he's a force ghost and Creed - that's
what's gonna happen
rocky has to Train Creed again as it
goes it's actually a combination movie
its Creed QG - okay no maybe they'll
bring back the robot from rocky 4 and
Rocky's spirit will now be in the robot
that would be great
no we probably won't be streaming
fallout 4 on Wednesday rich and I have
very little interest in fallout
sorry I'm not sorry Dave I'm sorry
what's the my wife shut up
it's a tree when you played a little bit
of Halle Berry no it was fine yeah I
wasn't wasn't I don't know how to
express myself I wasn't driving me crazy
with with awesomeness
fallout is walking around all right but
that's it I'm walking around it's a game
in which you can do anything and
everything like Grand Theft Auto no more
it's like Grand Theft Auto but more and
in the post apocalypse Yeah right that's
not a statement of hate that's just I
don't necessarily understand the massive
hiatus but I've never really played any
of them other than a little bit of Vegas
so I understand the master five I'm just
reminding that thing it's just it's just
everything yes sir cuz that no r2 what
does he know he probably has a bad
motivator
well that can have a bet that's not an
r2 unit yeah that's that's a black one
who's that that's like that's our to d5
whatever I'm sure they have motivators
in them too bad they might have is that
even in any of the original movies no no
that's a black card there was an
abundance on the Death Star
and I'm something that was a prequel one
I'm guessing is that I don't know what
the box that came in is that like a new
toy for the new movie oh that could be
that could be it too
oh my god
I'm looking up all of the our units
right now can't believe these people
have compiled all this information about
Star Wars you can't I can it boggles my
mind every single time every single
goddamn Hawaii why because that's what
they're interested in
that's all they're interested in it's a
movie about space with no you don't need
that like try to make it real no just
don't lose the block what what you guys
don't know who he is here I don't think
he exists maybe he's from the new movie
I'll check the PDF
the Fez it
oh yeah no like we I think I think even
rich understands that like fallout is a
very different type of game than Grand
Theft Auto it's yeah yeah he was just
being a little comically obtuse and
that's okay
well more talk about you can do anything
yeah is this now this an updated Gore
yes okay
none of that spider it's been enhanced I
don't remember any spider like you know
those felt doing was very bloody game
yeah loss are to disagrees all right it
didn't have the flu limbs flying didn't
have that kind of physics
our two can disagree but he's wrong you
know except they have the motivator I'm
telling you you know what I started
watching yes are you watching the first
season yeah it's fucking great I'm two
episodes in it's so good it's great
because it starts off very like in the
same sort of style and tone as the movie
and as the season goes along it kind of
becomes its own thing and now the second
season is completely its own thing it's
fantastic it's it's really really good
the second season so far they've done
three episodes yeah it's good but I
don't think it's as good as the first
season because it doesn't have Billy Bob
Thornton mainly he really makes that
person like it's enjoyable
yeah once once you get to the point
where you see why it's called Fargo like
why it's connected to the movie in some
way there's like an O moment it's it's
wonderful yeah that's that's might be my
favorite show on TV right now that is an
ash versus evil that but as I understand
objectively Fargo is probably a better
series but it doesn't even matter it
does not address yeah yeah yeah I really
really liked that first season in Fargo
and the second season so far
second season also Bruce Campbell's in
two shows this season cuz he's on the
second season of Fargo oh he hasn't
showed up yet but he's going to as
Ronald Reagan which means this year
alone we get Bruce Campbell is Ronald
Reagan and Michael Showalter is Ronald
Reagan it's a heck of a time to be alive
heck of a time they have funny people
play in Ronald Reagan
oh my all my god there's the ghost
monsters every 100
I really like that actress on the first
season of Fargo the mainly top lady yeah
the sort of Marg equivalent type
character is really good yeah she's
great every I like everything is great
and like Bob Odenkirk oh yeah fantastic
in it everybody's just pretty much the
greatest understand I like completely
emulates the tone and feel and structure
of the movie while just being its own
while still telling its own story
yep and sort of William H Macy
equivalent type character that's right
like there's like connections kind of
but there's still their own characters
yep
there's a character like that on the
second season that's sort of like the
steeper Shami type oh yeah yeah so now
you're in the space station which is not
in heck the space station got
transported there's the first part
you're just in okay they've teleported
the station - heck yes demons teleported
the station the station - oh rich have
you seen the trailer for the preacher
show oh no there's trailer yeah look
good I don't know I haven't watched it
cuz I don't know anything about preacher
oh my god I'm watching that as soon as
that fucking can
oh good I'm surprised you haven't seen
it I think I would think you would have
they've been talking about making a show
on that for so long I just assumed it
was never going to happen now it's
happens and there's a trailer for it I
have no idea if it reflects the tone of
the comics at all because I've never
read on the bird is it over-the-top and
funny I haven't seen it no no no the
trailer yeah no the trailer is not over
the funny funny in by I know nothing
about the preacher comic books and after
watching the trailer I also know nothing
about the it has a preacher in it
and a kid calls a preacher good there's
a kid talking to him there's a kid
talking to the preacher guy you want a
live rich reaction to the preacher
trailer we have the technology
this is true Duncan Jones get out of
here okay rich is gonna watch the
preacher trailer where's the screen
musics right
get out of there kid who are you
you're not anybody
this doesn't seem much like the kind of
book
what the fuck is that who the fuck is
that kid what does that purple guy
I don't think this has anything to do
with the kind of look I don't know but I
don't know they got the music right this
okay there you go there you go so no I
don't I don't see a saint of killers
it's just a trailer I know I would be
bored consider the trailer if it's
capturing the tone more so than
specifics and I can't say if that does
or not but yeah I am see are you saying
it doesn't Kent doesn't seem to have the
tone of the humor runs throughout
preacher humor humor very dark humor
okay that looks like the walking dead or
something yeah it's like a downward
boring thing yeah it's a MC I guess so I
mean they're just trying to make another
Walking Dead they've already made
another Walking Dead now they're making
another Walking Dead that's true
have you seen any of that oh yeah that's
right you haven't once like regular I
haven't watched a regular Walking Dead I
don't care about lesser walking walking
dead GoBot Walking Dead I don't care
Walking Dead prequel walking is it a
prequel the theater you're logging in
yeah that's the
I don't care you know
but I saw that obviously the show is not
necessarily for people who liked the
comic book you would think they would go
for that though you know you needed you
need something there for the core
audience but also that you know it was a
cult comic book which means not a lot of
people read it and they probably want
more people to watch it was a cold comic
it was pretty popular comic book at the
time the trailer clearly said cult
comics I gonna trust you a fan of the
comic book or a television network
that's trying to advertise that's trying
to advertise the television program I
will say anything to advertise you know
why they say cult comic book because
that's the walking dead right walking
there wasn't a mint like a mean like a
big comic book yeah so that that's a
cult comics No here's another cult comic
I think technically preacher is a cult
down no I don't think you understand the
Copeland's does it have a rabid fan base
it has a small and loyal fan had a large
fan base it was a pretty big comic but
it's not like spider-man right it's not
like a big it means it was only ran so
long and told the story and then it was
done but at the time it wasn't like a
secret
sure but I'm still I'm assuming it
wasn't like a big juggernaut like oh
that's a Superman or Batman comic oh oh
not even close
I would imagine so it was published by
vertigo so not only will ya that's DC
Comics and in protocol and ago burrito
is their their non superhero kind of
arty stuff right DC always owned vertigo
yes oh
I'm trying to see if they have any like
sales numbers or you know something like
that just that depth better that I found
my way 95 to 2000
I don't know you're in the future war
room so many box look at all those boxes
yes that's true
Belva hecka says he thinks it's cute how
you're defending preachers pop culture
reach I'm just saying
within comic-book circles it was a
pretty big title it wasn't a cult comic
book anything comic book is cult as far
as the rest of the world is concerned
exactly I meant but as far as comics are
concerned preacher was not cult you know
I was in comic shops at that time I
never heard a preacher you also hate
first game yes hardscape is also a small
and show not that big joke but yeah you
know I would say preachers not big
picture headlight future feature head
I've heard a preacher dared but I've
heard a preacher from comic book nerds
from rich actually no I mean I've heard
rich talk about it but I had heard about
a book from someone else before that but
I don't I don't care either way
doesn't matter
could the shawshank redemption' be
considered a cult movie because it was a
bomb when it came out not like out like
a horrible flop but it didn't make a
whole lot of money I don't know that and
then again like a huge audience on video
which is often called that's called a
cult classic a movie like that I don't
you know like there's a gray area that's
a cult classic for dads like also that
is probably showing somewhere on cable
television
every second of every day well that's
the I was reading about it and that's
sort of how it gained an audience and
how it became as popular as it is is
that TV yes she TBS or TNT one of those
two like bought the rights to play it
I'm super cheap so they would play it
all the time right so it's always on and
that's a lot of people have seen it and
now people think of is this like classic
movie so I don't even realize that it
wasn't like a big Hitler came out
we have to now look at it for a little
bit
well play something no no I said no
dammit that could that's that could be
true maybe preacher became a bigger hit
after reprint or re-releases or when I
went to trade you know again I get
motions oh my god it's true
there's the chat agree with me know on
be called status of reach I don't know I
can't look at the chin why can't you
look at the TV's right there I don't
know that's not where that goes exactly
that goes let's see here they're not
saying anything about because they also
don't care then no one cares yeah right
motion sickness in a video game nerd
equals bad I know it happens most nights
when it's it's when I'm watching other
people play first-person shooters and
this is one of those exceptionally
fast-moving first-person shooters and so
it doesn't happen also I just had a
coffee there's many that you're right I
did hate Ashe versus the evil baby it's
so good that makes me so happy it makes
me happy that it's good yeah cuz I never
thought I would see any more Sam Raimi
Ashe Evil Dead especially after the
remake yeah it's like that's the end of
you know any chance of that mm-hmm
watch the jackboot gun camera it can
happen it's gonna happen
thoughts on movie like turbo kid being
called a cult classic right off the bat
in its trailer I didn't I think there
was like a critic blurb that said it's
like it could be a future cult classic
or something sure they're not gonna
advertise the movie as a cult movie I
mean they could they would be there
would be assholes yeah but like if they
were using a critic employer hey I want
to say there's a critic blurb that says
something like that which that's
acceptable I guess yeah and then you
know that kind of helps understand the
tone of the movie which is going for the
feel of turbo kid is the type of movie
that would be a cult fuck man so that
makes sense
that's like when a movie comes out and
people call it like a modern classic
that doesn't make any sense
right just came out this movie will live
on forever
yeah unfriended this movie watered
horror classic this movie will always be
relevant
you've got mail I'm sorry for everyone
by the way we have we now have this
lovely face camp and I'm computer
facecam I am hiding my face and so I
don't watch what rich is playing I'm
sure people don't mind not seeing my
face
what what I eat donuts I never have rich
have you ever been so frustrated with a
game that you threw your controller yes
that's a long time Joe yes I did when I
played Nintendo when I was a little kid
and I would yell the game cheated I
can't even do what I wanted it to it
cheated yeah if a glitch kills you I
think you can make that claim
legitimately it wasn't glitches though
is just me being bad at the game or the
game just could be so poorly designed
that's as good as true yeah sure yeah I
never threw a control yeah it's like I'm
an adult now it's like I have to pay for
these controllers you know you get
frustrated like I wring my controller
some time for it just like I stood
enough where I can hear the the plastic
kind of rubber against each other
I have issues yeah you know I think
people get anger issues it's fine
just remember it's just a game and
controller cost money
you know there's that new Xbox elite
controller controllers I've been playing
with and the Xbox just came out with
very unique controller which is a
hundred and fifty dollars for a
controller for a control oh my god
right it's ridiculous it comes in like a
special pouch it has little doodads that
you can plug in and it's just like if
you get so frustrated with a game that
you snap that kind of controller right
honestly I would consider it I would
consider it
what paying a lot of money just use the
keyboard and mouse on the Xbox console
oh really
hmm this the reason I'm never going to
play Halo sure
Xbox controller is the new Apple yeah
I've heard that people like it but 150
bucks is that's crazy that's way too
much way way too much and it's like a
it's an additional like 30 bucks if you
want to use it for PC gaming you need a
special dongle just just use the
controller on PCs ah rich pay play Halo
no it's a fucking first-person shooter
I'm not playing that with a goddamn
controller the controls automatically
suck I'm sorry oh I tried played a bit
of Halo one ones I bought it really
cheap and I can't fucking stand fuck it
what is that rich I can kind of move
right which doesn't like controller I
got yeah their shooters like not for
shooters especially first person that's
like thing worse whole is the shooters
that rich Evans don't know if you knew
that about halo can go fuck itself
solely for that reason
we've had some issues with the steam
controller our I can't wait for our
conversation hopefully we'll film that
this week oh you won't film it this week
apparently our tarts who says no but our
two is not our production manager so
there needs to be like a like a Star
Wars droid
like magic 8-ball we ask it a question
and it reacts like in a randomized way
sure that would be great
are you saying that that doesn't exist I
not that I'm aware of there's someone
they could check and direct us towards
it or Jack can you google it if he knows
how Google works Star Wars did you know
that seems so specific that it probably
doesn't you're just gonna get all it cuz
the new droid is a ball so this is gonna
get all those to the bb-8 links that
bb-8 guys are cool no sure remote
control PPA yeah that's great I control
it with your smartphone right yeah or
the one comes with a controller okay
star wars bb-8 in general was pretty
neat as far as the design goes and the
fact that it's a practical robot well
that thing is awesome collecting data
says that they had a Yoda toy that was a
magic 8-ball okay that makes sense yeah
you want to ask if you want to get your
fortune from anyone you want you Ryota
it does have fortune cookie hopeful this
advice is not a hindsight is jitta
knowledge yes yeah come back later and
I'll finish trading you oh wait
nevermind I'm dead you don't need to use
a lightsaber oh wait you need to use a
light super fun I'm sorry uh I didn't
know you were getting the lightsaber
fight bb-8 is what any time i'll baby
it's great little ball robot
I like bb-8 oh it reminds me a lot of
classic Star Wars
movie magic yep if it was just a
completely CG thing then maybe I would
feel different but knowing that
practical rope I mean I'm sure it's CG
in certain parts of the movie but there
is a practical functioning robot that
they built for the movie I think robot
yeah it is you know I don't give no fuck
the fact that he's practical makes it a
dozen times cooler yes I agree how do
you know how do you know you know I know
you don't know shit about fuck that's
really that's really true I know I just
died you know I don't care about CG like
you guys do but I just think it's a neat
design bleep there's actually my biggest
problem with the pilot episode of ash
vs. Evil Dead yeah some of the sketchy
CG yeah Oh second episode irons that out
a lot which makes me wonder cuz Sam
Raimi in general has a lot of like
awkward bad CG in his movies huh so I
think it might just be Sam Raimi cuz he
done during the second episode it's
integrated a lot more naturally there's
a couple sequences and drag me to hell
and I like that movie a lot but some of
the CG you're like oh really in exam
room it just doesn't care I just think
maybe he doesn't know how to incorporate
it pretty naturally I don't know same
with those spider-man movies like I love
I love the Sam Raimi spider-man but
every time he jumps it's like now he's a
cartoon it's like such a sharp contrast
yeah yeah but there's you know there's
not a lot of better ways to do that well
I always said that like if you're gonna
do a proper spider-man movie just have
the whole thing be animated you don't
run into that problem sure or when he
starts flipping around and it looks
completely unnatural people don't want
that I know I am I understand that
thank you do you great well tree track
creations that's a different that's a
different problem altogether as I was
watching a movie in the movie theater
the other day I noticed something that
needs to change right now it says
silence your cell phones and they're
saying that people should turn off their
cell phones because he's sick of seeing
the bright screen oh yeah next day well
that's just assholes that are taking
their phone out when they shouldn't do
it why are you taking the phone out in
the movie theater that's a that's a
ridiculous thing but that's your outside
there's Sun like in a dark movie theater
and there's a bright light that's
obnoxious yeah I was like why are you
spending a ticket to get in sure sure I
understand nothing cheap seats in a
major league game or like 25 that's
that's a different problem though I
understand what you mean but that's
that's different than in a movie theater
when everything's dark right and then
that light is so distracting
like like them looking at their phone
during a baseball game does not affect
your viewing a movie right
is that a coffee booth I was it was like
a little coffee bourbon it's like oh
that might have been something more yeah
do really it affects you that much that
really does
ah really does and it's it's older first
person shooters more than more the fun
one huh get you if you're just looking
down like this and I still I see them in
the peripheral about the peripheral and
the movement in the purple oh my god
yeah Rob what do you want me to do
instead oh my god what am i doing
instead you got a problem I can't go on
this is I know it's a game extreme is
the problem is now it's do a doom the
problem is exactly doom yeah rich has
seemed red right you got watched redness
oh you had lunch dress yeah Jay has seen
Shawshank Rich's seemed read the world
what are we gonna do with our lives
did you like dread yeah okay I knew you
would it's just it's that character yeah
all that character oh that's exactly the
uncompromising fact that's a wonderful
that they nailed that yeah and did it
right he doesn't soften never takes off
his helmet yeah yeah that there's that
one moment early on with the psychic is
partner when she's like I see something
behind you know his whatever I don't
know exactly what she says but hinting
that there's more to him yeah it's just
never brought up again yeah that's great
I lost my red that's red is perfect it's
it's so perfect that it didn't make
money and it won't have a sequel yeah no
matter how much you wanted Internet
I know what Karl Urban wants to do one
of course no it wasn't a big hit nope
not gonna happen
in some ways that's better though cuz
then it's like just this special little
thing yep
the king wasn't a huge hit better to
live on and you won't get like shitty
sequels yep to diminish it it's true
that now that's a cult movie Fred yeah I
guess yeah
did you hear Leatherface died I did that
made me really sad
I heard Leatherface dead because he okay
so is the guy that played Bob under
Hanson you played Leatherface in the
first okay I I got to meet him 12 15
years ago okay I used to work at a this
like best body tight place it's now out
of business occasionally do signs so he
was there signing the is there on
Halloween time and they just recently
released uh Texas Chainsaw Massacre
Phoebe who's there signing that as
working with working that day and got to
hang out with a mold
it's like it's funny because these
Leatherface like you know inbred
cannibal monster savage but but he was
like the nicest like most like
soft-spoken wasn't man would think he
wouldn't be a monster in real life sure
but just like it's funny with all those
like robber Englund to just like this
super intelligent really nice guy and
they just play these creatures well it's
not even about the creature like the
intensity of Leatherface yeah it almost
expected to be like almost a dude bro
right yeah well that's the guy in the
place a lot of a's in the remake he's
like this big it looks like a wrestler
or something like this heavy metal
wrestler guy sure looks like he looks
like Santa Claus got her Hansen and I
knew like everyone of course I knew
who's gonna be asking her about Texas
Chainsaw Massacre so I made a point of
freeing of another film he did called
Hollywood Chainsaw hookers that he's
he's so he's in terms of director of
alienator I think that's why he's in
Hollywood change saw hookers because
it's a chainsaw connect okay and that's
the thing is like that's an iconic role
of the face yeah I was very sad to hear
about her passing in roles where he
actually aligns not really good but a
very nice man it's and also it's more
like because Wes Craven just passed and
just like we're at that age now or these
like people that were in these things
that we grew up with and helped sort of
inform our tastes like they're you know
passing away with more frequency now and
that makes me sad now it's you know what
it's time for the it's time for the next
generation yeah well I said I was
thinking about that too like there when
people talk about like the horror icon
characters there's like the 30s and 40s
the Universal Monsters yeah sure and
then like in the 70s and the 80s as
Leatherface Jason Freddy there's no real
modern equivalent of that like that
hasn't happened since then well the
modern horror equivalent started with
like the found footage right but not
like characters I'm talking about oh
yeah I mean there's been different
trends different like characters yeah
like the closest thing
from the Saw movies but there is there's
not like a grouping you know that hasn't
really happened since that period is the
time for the resurgence maybe I don't
know if that works anymore though I
think I've seen the old outdated thing
yeah they reboot the old ones and they
they suck and then they don't get
sequels and they don't live on anyway do
you think if they made new ones wouldn't
they just suck to not necessarily know
our Miller has a has a good one
what about Japanese ghost girls I guess
but that's not liking I don't know that
these are trends you know like there's
the found-footage movies there's the
Japanese like the Rings the ring was
very influential sure but when you think
of like iconic horror characters you
don't think of the little girl with
black hair really a little girl the
bikers if you see the little girl with
the black hair you know exactly what's
true no that's true I I would argue that
as an iconic horror okay maybe there
needs to be more distance from it and to
look back I'm sure black batter well
there isn't just one though dark haired
go oh yeah there's plenty there's the
grudge - yeah same type of character
probably plenty of other ones that I've
never seen so it's not an iconic
character though it is a kind of like
kind of circle right yeah yeah oh that's
true
there's a trend are not a trend but a a
phrase I heard recently because there is
sort of a new era of horror filmmakers
these people are doing these lower like
independent horror films feel like Adam
Wingard who did you're next and the
guests and Ty West who's done like the
innkeeper's and house of the devil so
these sort of like minimalist
independent horror films and they've the
the certain section of like horror
journalists and have labeled this new
generation of horror film makers they
call it a death wave like that's the the
movement you know like you have the the
French New Wave so they're calling them
death wave and they're all like what the
fuck is that don't call us that like
that sucks cuz it's not a wave it's just
different horror film makers making
movies it's not like there's a unifying
thing between all I was gonna ask what's
the unifying there isn't this label
death wait that's the wave is people who
made horror movies in this year yeah but
there are movies are different yeah
there's nothing to connect any of them
that that's a wave man it's not
connected at all or wait yeah just don't
think about it so so much or like fuck
that don't call us that that's great
mm-hmm death wave and it's a shitty name
anyway even if there was some sort of
moving definitely do some shit don't
death way it sounds like a movie I want
to watch I I would watch a movie called
death way surfing horror movie a killer
wave it's a kid maybe you're not a movie
that's that'd be a good like Tales from
the Crypt episode the killer wave like
the wave just crash that just keeps
spinning you over another surfer died
would wave man trying to kill us no he
should just not go in the water waves
can't think the cave is possessed to the
gut by the ghost of that girl we killed
five years ago then we drowned in this
very this ocean is what dude the big
surf competition is
this weekend we have to go in the water
we have to compete it practically writes
itself it's already written and you just
did it we just made a movie it happened
you're welcome
Graham Duff I know you're getting
spooked and it's okay it's okay to be
spoof by death wave just let it let it
crash over you that was good
pretty pretty oh that if I didn't
stumble on my words yeah listen I was
trying but I was merely okay I was gonna
death way to death wave
it's tubular what that's
that's the end of the trailer have you
ever seen the original Texas Chainsaw
Massacre ages ago I hurt too hasn't seen
it you know I every I want to say
everybody's seen it I have no the only
memory Hema is like I know that scene
where they they pick up the girl in the
beginning and she goes crazy in the back
of the van
that's the remake that's the Indiana
originally pick up a hitchhiker and the
remake they pick up a woman and she
pulls a gun out of a vagina and blows
her head off because that's edgy oh my
god it's been so long okay I I you know
what I might as well just say no that's
been long enough or even if you had you
don't remember exactly the the answer is
I have seen it but I have no
recollection of it oh it's so great I'd
say not just a great horror movie I
would say it's a great movie it's a it's
a masterclass in DIY filmmaking like
it's such a well-constructed well shot
moving the sound design is amazing
I believe you it's so great and there's
next to no gore that's the thing people
always think of it as being this like
violent disgusting movie yeah there's
hardly any blood in it that's all in
your all in your brain that's all the
blood is in your brain it's true that's
the deal I mean in more ways you're
right through terrible yes
why was the gun in her vagina cuz where
else was she gonna keep it to use
wearing tight pants no she's wearing
like a sundress
I think I will give that remake cuz it's
not great what are the most beautifully
shot dumb slasher movies ever made every
shot in that movie looks like it could
be a like a like a like a just a framed
image it's a really good-looking movie
there you go oh I like that times a
death wave versus the Jane again you
can't call the vagina gun you gotta call
it pussy gun you can't put that on the
poster jack of course you can cat on Oh
pussy good you don't need posters
anymore it's direct-to-video that's true
that's true you can call the movie
whatever you want now kanta called cut a
what cunt Colt good called like oh like
a gun cunt Colts yeah and if there was
also a Colt in the movie it would have
double meanings so that makes it even
better hunter Cole uses cunt Colts yes
it writes itself right I don't know if
this one does right I'm picturing a like
equilibrium s like using what do they
call that gun kata
did you ever see equilibrium no is that
greater those matrix are Bob's right
yeah but it starts Christian Bale pistol
what do they call it gun kata gun that
what did they call they had a they had
their own I'll still stick with Gymkhana
thank you very much they made up their
own fighting style for the movie okay in
which you use guns to fight hmm and
what's it what is it called someone tell
me gun food they're saying gun kata okay
gun food gun food yeah
so we well that's what we need it for
for pussy gum and we need different
people with different types of guns up
their vaginas and then you see one lady
and she's like pregnant and you don't
think she's gonna be in the fight but
then she pulls a Gatling gun like her
belly is full of bullets and as like you
know as it's spraying her belly just
lessons and lessons good holding all the
bullets in her belly done there's no
story there do you need a story there's
literally no story to pussy gun I would
be disappointed if there was now I don't
like that name it doesn't work I don't
have a ring to inject pussy gun pussy
gun yeah it really you know ring to it
it has it would turn off a large portion
of the audience too it has a better it
has a better ring than vagina gun
it still has a terrible ring to it okay
at the end of the day you still have a
terrible name we we need better we need
a better name then oh my god
China might which China might like dole
might like like dynamite in your vagina
okay vagina mites Thank You general
Zhukov vagina that's a great name for
our vagina gun movie something is not
triggering what it should be
I can't get like trapped no vagina might
I like it oh I like it all
I'm sorry rich experiencing a glitch
there should be a thing that comes up
down a walkway but there's no walkway I
don't know I understand I must add to
the universe I know you didn't know
nothing about good games I know nothing
about good games I only know things
about bad games did you ever see the
doom movie with the rock
I saw the sequence where they did it in
the first the first person yeah thing
anybody has ever seen from that movie
right I saw it in the theater because we
went to see something else it was like
Halloween time and whatever we were
going to see it I remember what else
came out that year was sold out so we're
like wow we're here it's kind of horror
related so we'll go see do and it's just
like the dumbest thing mm-hm and that's
the only thing I remember is that first
person I don't remember anything about
the rest of the movie yep so we're
saying 2008 want suka you got your pussy
pistol
you got your twat Zuka you got your clam
cannon alright I'm convinced this is
English you got your
I'm trying to think of a T gun I think I
saw someone in the chat side cunt 45
your cunt is pretty good your uh I just
I'm just trying to think of more names
for vaginas you know there's a should be
something that you're losing Izzy
that was more gross I'm sorry that
doesn't work at all huh that doesn't
work at all yeah I'm trying wood they
were the were the heroin be called clip
Eastwood's yes yes he would you don't
want to see her Dirty Dozen who a beaver
blaster thanks my name is vu that's
great the acne that's the plot of the
movie is they are they are working you
know like the two factions ooh there's
there's like two warring factions right
but there's like a third outlaying
faction and they are working on new bad
vagine' mite technology and it's the
it's the beaver blaster it's a laser
powered vagina weapon and it's far too
powerful and they can't let this
technology get out because it would
cause devastation oh sure in in the
vagina land there's got to be a better
name for that in the Harry brushes and
what am i doing I'm trapped in here
there is no that bridge is not coming up
I don't think I'm missing a switch I
just can't progress unless there is a
switch that is actually covered by this
we can get covered in blood yeah that
could be it
the snatch sniper nice one base bait
but how would that even work she would
like so it would be like a lady and
she'd be like laying on her back and she
has to use the area in between her
breasts as the scope she like holds the
scope in between her breasts and it's
just I've got the shot should I take the
shot
don't take the shot I've got a shot I'm
gonna take the shot that's the sound
well you know they have it they have to
squeeze something nice keep they have to
Kegel it out oh sure the Kegel Kamikaze
vagina jokes that's all we got here lot
of the jokes
look at that guy just standing there
like a dickhead
the what
you know rich and I would play fighting
games we're not big on fighting games
button we we have nothing against them
personally
unless rich does I'm speaking out of
turn necessarily our thing I really
enjoy the Super Smash Brothers cuz then
Mario could beat up link this awesome
oh and win the fight Mario usually Mario
I don't want to watch them fight they're
both good guys true mr. Mario could
fight Ganon who's Ganon oh I was a big
zelda kid you weren't a me no no I never
played Zelda much I played Mario okay oh
well link could could beat up Bowser
okay that's that's something I will
accept that hi rich um okay back up game
is fat ole with the steam controller
alright that sounds great
I'm probably gonna head out ridden Jeff
go ahead album it was originally just
gonna tell everybody that I saw
Shawshank Redemption but then I hung out
for a little bit more so what you're
saying is that the stream is effectively
over that's not true is everyone gonna
leave when I leave
that'd be very rude no I I guess we my
guess is we will get a drop but not
everyone will leave hmm okay a slight
drop are you in big picture mode you
gotta be in big picture mode fuck's sake
Rick what is this big picture mode it is
a so steam is the the digital service in
which you get games right big picture
mode is a steam operating system it
takes over your computer okay it takes
over your computer like and everything's
like ridiculously large and you can't
alt-tab out easily
it's it's made that it was made it was
designed so you could navigate all of
steam using its it's made so a lazy
retard can do everything with a
controller okay or a lazy normal person
every normal person could handle in that
picture mode or a lazy person of normal
intelligence either way I understand
yeah do you I do what I call like I see
a J yeah you know I appreciate you
calling it like you see it some language
things that like you don't appreciate
but that's fine that's fine anybody
anybody who's actually retarded is not
going to be able to understand that
that's an insult
that's not true both not true and
horrible to say have you ever met a
retard yes have you ever met a return
yeah yeah they're terrible I mean I'm
gonna go with J perfect time to leave
the statements by rich Evans are not
endorsed by red letter media or any of
its affiliates or anyone except for
maybe Donald Trump Oh
sick burn that's that's a sick burn
hashtag boycott SNL the what hashtag
boycott SNL oh yeah people were gonna
boycott it because he hosted it oh
that's true and then they got their
highest ratings and the other highest
rating is that even though I'm sure it
was horribly unfunny sure because why
would it be any different than any other
episode right
but thanks for thanks for hash tagging
it your hashtag to chat it doesn't do us
any good if you hashtag the chat boycott
SNL yeah you could I guess you could
type that in the chat it just won't do
anything for anybody it won't it won't
trend more on Twitter if you hashtag in
the chat rightz
so or will it yes I don't know how them
Twitter's were that's exactly how it
works oh I thought you just hashtag
something anywhere and anyone can see it
what what hashtag hashtag hashtag bye
goodbye humor Society has murdered you
and your blind pursuit of mindless
political correctness no it's not a
political correct what context fuck
context I don't think it's a political
correctness thing it's a decency thing
things mean the same in every context
and setting definitions can never change
you're playing for a bit no I'm not oh
you're funny from Game dog huh
I'm game doubt really after teasing them
with FTL huh after teasing them with FTL
actually that makes me want to call it
more cuz I've been gaming Nino fast-pace
do them for bed yeah I just want it I
want a break I need a break okay yeah I
know and I'm still like I'm even still
very useful motion sick I'm feeling sick
all right I'm feeling sick I'll tell you
what what I will promise the chat a full
night of FTL it'll be Sunday okay we'll
do a full night of FTL
sure and we'll have names and everything
and we'll bust out the steam controller
for it sure okay great all right I guess
I guess that's it all right all right
there's of Jay chat so that's something
that's true
that was some meat on them but for them
potatoes for them potatoes lots of
potatoes that's
