SUPER SUNDAY FOOTBALL (Part 1)
February 1, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CAbI1Ke-JWM

Maiden's we have made it did we well
we're here I don't know if that means
we've made it the the city of fucking
Milwaukee up up in up in sunny Wisconsin
apparently has no idea how to handle
snow wish baffles me to no end right
I came from the Chicagoland area and the
minute the first snowflake hit the
ground you would you would look out on
the street and at any given time you
would see two salt trucks and three
plows yep here nothing nothing it's been
snowing all night all afternoon
nothing nothing nothing no it was a
fucking joke
I almost got stuck on my street I live
in the city my street was not plowed yet
my alley was plowed but my street wasn't
plowed yet and then I get here and I get
stuck in the parking lot and the and the
ironic part is the plow was there k-g
batter me bread kg batter me bread thank
you for subscribing we very much
appreciated also mt4 thank you for
subscribing also earlier there was like
a pee pee towel I think okay subscribe
subscribe me like it the name wrong but
that was like 30 minutes ago we love all
of it and we love all of you for
subscribing
except for all of you were complaining
about the stream starting late when we
came here on a blizzard to stream we
came here in a blizzard is there a disc
in here already is that way I don't I
don't I don't know I don't know I don't
PS I can I just want to die oh yeah I
think I just want to die a horrible
glory thank you for subscribing also mr.
shy smile thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciated a horrible glory
and mr. shy smile horrible glories been
with us for three months mr. shy smile
for four months how do you eject a disc
in
their button wouldn't that be great duty
going out we're gonna start like - oh my
good lord
Wow bring hold on
bring brings knife to gunfights thank
you for subscribing for the last six
months than Facebook you just subscribed
thank you thank you for that we've
really much appreciated Rexxar F J Lloyd
oh my god thank you
I listen subhype is a real thing Lloyd
beads thank you for subscribing all
these subscriptions will cover one tenth
of the car repairs it's going to cost me
driving here today Lloyd pieces would
have been with us for the past five
months okay hold on we're getting there
pear green oh thank you for subscribing
you've been with us for the past four
months sheep will prevail you just
subscribed and we very much appreciate
it also the Ocho knows you've been with
us for the past six six months that's
incredible Oh Oh ed Witten ed Witten
also been with us for the past six
months thank you guys so much you're
filling our our tiny shriveled hearts
with your frozen gerbil hearts our
frozen shriveled hearts are filled with
joy we really appreciate you guys yeah
we really appreciate it
we're it was it was tough getting here
today but we knew we three times like oh
my god is this a joke what there's
another one I know oh yeah Henry KB in
93 thank you for subscribing also fisted
buy dope smoke
mr. by dub smoke thank you subscribe we
really appreciate it
just get him to get all these out of the
way now guys June Bug 406 thank you for
subscribing also you ninja we oh my lord
moon inja framed camera thank you both
for subscribing you you fill us with joy
I'm gonna I'm gonna drink my one and
only beer muffle muffle tea thank you
for subscribing I can have one beer
today cuz I don't even want to go out in
this weather just even with the hint of
beer on my breath and so I'm drinking my
one beer at the start that matter where
I could see it I could do some of these
so sorry for for the mother or for the
mucker mm thank you for subscribing and
also stick-figure that's a great name
figure thank you for subscribing we
appreciate it both of you guys we're
gonna start with madden 15 obviously huh
no we're gonna rearrange slightly what
the fucking deed thank you for
subscribing thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciate it thank you for
subscribing since your ambien yep well
but I think this is a different
different thank you for subscribing also
we have this one show logo erm thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
elevator hazard thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
is this gonna be the whole stream you
know guys yeah the whole street that's
fine oh no did you oh what did you do I
pressed the button
nope what did you do I press the button
alright the chat saying I should stick
to the Bears we should do bears versus
Packers should we do that I love it or
should we do a Super Bowl recreation
let's first figure out how to play the
game no I think the Super Bowl with
people who don't know how to
the game could be a music first move yes
first move trade cutler hold on let me
update this dream real quick here Super
Sunday football stream Madden 15 that we
are playing Madden NFL 15 great what the
fuck
Paul Verhoeven no relation not really
can I've made that part of Paul
Verhoeven thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciate it and thank you
for Robocop also Total Recall yeah yeah
okay I accidentally press the power
button on my ps4 when I was moving it
out of there and so it's turning back on
no I apologize we haven't even started
the game yet we've been streaming for 15
minutes we've just been thanking people
we've just been thanks all we've been
doing it's all we're doing today and
making people that I add stream that's
the stream this is what you get okay
somebody how many you check people are
actually from the the European area the
euro something uh Taliban thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it it's
true we do it's very true look what
continent is Europe in Asia it's an
Asian okay I believe it's part of the
greater you reading both about biscuits
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
thank you for all your cards oh my god
today thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
alright guys here's my first here's my
first anarchists rule here I actually
have not read the end user License
Agreement boom
I didn't read it I'm setting this thing
over here so we can we could play the
footballs let's play the footballs
because we're both sports experts so
here's some context for y'all's rich and
I when's the last time you've played a
Madden game um possibly never you've
never played a minute
I might have played one in like 1998
okay all right I like it my history
here's my history with sports
yeah I'm mostly a baseball fan but I've
I've mostly only been a baseball fan for
like ten years so I've never really
played any of the sports games your
smelter wedge in all of us here's the
finger this is the engine this is the
European stream I thought fuck so our
fans oh my god Ganon Master thank you
first we're gonna just for the sake of
the stream are we gonna have to stop
thinking after a while well listen we're
gonna do what we can okay okay is this
this is one guy who's just like
subscribing and unsubscribing over
darkness that's the binary Sun we know
him thank you for subscribing the past
two months Tom Leonard ow ski thank you
for subscribing you've been with us for
the past 4 months get all these
subscriptions out of the way now so we
don't have to worry about it when we
start playing the European stream right
yeah they don't understand the football
right not the right foot American
football is there I'll call it American
football if I can call soccer European
football yeah I mean you know do you
call do you go french fries french fries
and France and you just call it fries
you know I think they call them crisps
crisps I think they call them crazy like
this snack crisps no and by the way I
see someone who's asking us to stop
thanking people yeah never child-bride
for example child-bride thank you very
much ciao bride has been a subscriber
for the past 7 months are you telling me
I should not thank him for supporting us
no I'm gonna that's all you get that's
all you get you get you get our most
appreciation and we want some
should we vocalize it each and every
time you get you get our thanks in a
warm sunny feeling in your soul also you
are not seeing like a glitch here this
has been like loading are you getting
for the past five minutes what I know
what the fuck right USB Snow Crash thank
you for subscribing we very much chef
ranada do we need to explain the rules
for like the European I don't know the
rules that's meant makes it even more
fun when you explain the rules football
like I used to play a lot of these games
I you know I was I was just a general
video gamer my brother is a big sports
guy yeah and so we always had a sports
game and that's all he would play so I
would just play the sports game never
knowing what I was doing and it
infuriated him to know and whenever I
beat him yeah because of course I'm
picking plays at random this is it's
just installing the whole fucking game
is that what's going on I have no idea
Jesus fuck but what you know we're
streaming we're thanking the people who
are subscribing is this good I'm still
shocked at this right we just want to
play a game we just want to play a game
this is gonna take an hour and 45
minutes it doesn't even have a loading
bar so you can see some idea of the
progress that's being made I like dick
diverted where he says American football
rule number one you boil the water I
don't understand what that means but I
think that's funny yeah so basically for
anyone who doesn't know see this is
gonna sound really stupid I'm gonna say
for anyone who doesn't know what
football is like the two teams they line
up on the line of scrimmage right and
then and then they count 14 yeah and
then the ball is hooked to the
quarterback
and then he has to do a little a little
run a little circle real quick just to
set the play right and then and then he
tosses the ball to the closest man who
was over 22 years of age okay and then
that person has to run the ball okay in
whatever direction he's facing at the
time he catches him really straight line
I did not any he cannot turn it up oh no
is there like varying degrees or no
no fees if these were running a little
bit backwards when he catches the ball
he has to keep running backwards so he
doesn't that's when they call follow oh
so he can still run towards his loss
Falls and you're out of the game oh is
that true yes see there's so much I
don't know about American football thank
you for educating me still loading up I
see him now your job is to get the ball
to the opposing team because you want
them to score as many times as possible
is it true the team with the lowest
score uh-huh wins Oh first of all Edie
2:09 thank you for subscribing we very
much appreciate it sprouts ed-209 ed-209
thank you for subscribing really
probably should have said it like that
okay oh so it's golf rules
Louis oh yes low score wins okay that's
really good to know you want as many
interceptions as possible I think if I
press circle to cancel I just go back to
the other menu I don't think it's
probably a wish cancel and and lowered
again okay see ya then I just go back to
the main that's minor well that might
have been a hang-up there was something
weird going on trying we're trying again
okay we are trying again that was way
too long to be normal that was oh okay
yeah now different things are happening
yeah
what was happening then is some problem
okay guys I pressed F I paid respects oh
my god what the fuck is this we have no
idea and that's part of the fun oh my
god hurry up call timeout is less
spikeball here we go so ya know it and I
mean I'm gonna guess it has been over a
decade since I've played like any sort
of sports games all Greek to me
is this like a story mode I don't know I
know what the fuck this is
can I skip this country I don't know
nope we have to watch this playing this
on a ps4 we are bang and spooky Dookie
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
also thank you for making rich say see
it's spooky Dookie
see this is the ball of foot
sir Hilary man fat thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate I don't
know if that name is a reference to
something sir mr. Hilary man fat but I
like it
the long-lost thank you for subscribing
been with us for the past five months
we very much appreciate it so why is it
called football do I know why is it
called football
Mico Mikael nickel thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
that's true I've heard it's called
football because originally the ball was
supposed to be one foot long this is the
thing this is football in football huh
and the European size well you don't
even close the ball of your foot it's
love football
another is punting and whatnot oh this
is like a tutorial oh this is tutorial
that's not fun that doesn't go to a
screen where you just pick nope oh my
god who does the what I just want to
skip this there we go quick are you sure
you want to exit the game yes
watch two old men be confused someone
was asking if I will let my children
play football yeah yeah they can do
whatever they want or even 'y'all
there's a whole lot of controversial
information coming in off on concussions
yeah long-term problems yes true you
don't even need the major hits a
cumulative effect of running into other
people full-speed over and over again
absolutely or is it you am i nothing
control it's you it's me okay who's our
favorite team well are we doing oh you
do you pick I don't give shit Cheryl we
want to play player versus player yeah I
don't know how I got here so apparently
some kids at school so Parker refers to
whenever he sees a game of football he
refers to it as baseball because he does
not know any better
hello Draco thank you for subscribing
been with us for the past six months six
long crew it's gruesome months and so
someone was making fire here because all
right you know our last name is Packard
which sounds a lot like the Packers yeah
and so the other day he said to me that
he's not a Packers fan and I was like
right and he's like but the kids say I'm
a Packers fan because because Packard
sound like Packers oh okay he's like so
I'm I want to be a Bears fan and I said
no I don't think you do why not why
would you discourage him from finding a
team he likes no I was like okay you can
be a Bears fan and the other day he said
he wanted to go see a Bears game
oh he's like you want to go see a
football game he's never seen a football
game rich Reid Stardust thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
was it a reference to rich Reid I have
no idea did my the one my fianc wall let
my fiance was on did she mention wanting
me to read start us I think this book
she likes oh maybe if that's the book
I'm thinking of
I just want to play player-versus-player
that should have been like one of these
it should've been thing number one play
no go to play now wait see you look play
as the Bears that's not it
well just you just go to play not no
we're gonna try it we're gonna try it
look online head-to-head
we don't want online Panthers at
Seahawks unless it doesn't even let you
do split-screen player versus player is
here is your controller on by the way ok
maybe this is it maybe it didn't know we
had two controllers Oh your user one
sure ok ok so no change your active
profile might law ok
okay this is one active one in active I
don't get that oh oh can you move over
to active site whoa there we go
okay just fine do they not do that are
they not dude two-player hey go over
mwah what's for over further right in
this football game for football oh my
god someone help us
what's Jett saying about things you you
look at the menus and reading this play
now is what you want like I told you 45
minutes so it says play as they are I
say okay here we go so you go to bears
okay
hey hey no I have to pick oh there we go
I mean I'll be the Packers well we don't
bears and Packers are we're recreating
the Super Bowl
Oh oh I get it oh wait how did you choke
okay who's in the Super Bowl
Patriots done the Seahawks okay I'll be
the Patriots and you're the Seahawks I
guess sure let's do it
except skill level rookie Oh Madden who
edit uniforms let's see what that does
really I don't know really I don't know
sure this is fine everything's fine
okay ready what the fuck your wrist ik
rat thank you for subscribing Judge Brad
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it I love judge bread right I
want to start the game where's where's
the button to start the game
what button does that oppress X it I
know first already there we go yeah
okay now we're ready don't edit the
fucking ed listen I just wanted to see
what it does everybody set it down play
call style whoa
ah quick it shows all three suggestions
at a time that gives us more options as
we don't know what we're doing oh sure
okay I think great I don't know
Wow okay we don't know what we're doing
is we skip the tutorials that might be
fun or it might just be awful I don't
know what we're gonna get
I want to let ever know I did bring as a
backup I brought Madden 98 for the Super
Nintendo okay and so if we get too
confused with this modern matter Madden
game we can plug in the Super Nintendo
and then what else did you bring just
one other game we have right oh oh yes
and we also have FIFA 14 okay and so we
have a European so you got man 15 but
only FIFA 14 that's all they had are you
putting it beneath football you're
putting football beneath football Jack
what I what I read about FIFA 14 versus
FIFA 15 is that they're there
obsessively the same game with with just
a newer lineup okay and so and you know
I don't know anything about European
football
also yeah is mad if does madam even
commentate anymore are they just called
madam now out of out of oh my god we
have to do something wait which one am i
again you're the you're the white team
I'm gonna wait save and you're I'm the
dark blue tipz our booty okay I'll make
it simple
well then simple for Jack okay alright I
know what I'm doing oh my god I don't
know what I just didn't I did something
it's a picture play oh I get it
what did you do it I think I'll do it I
think so I did a thing oh that looks
like it was a good kick oh great oh my
what am i doing what what what character
am i I didn't drop the football so I'm
pretty happy with that don't forget to
deflate the ball first
absolutely exactly that's the that's the
weird thing about this franchises madden
is no longer a person in sports okay I
know what I just did okay okay I also
have no idea what buttons to press to
pass the football wish fart thank you
for subscribing
we very much appreciate it make sure to
control them gasses yo okay
oh okay this is actually pretty easy hey
I did it
so the the button comes up over the
player yeah you want to pass it to and I
just did it do you get to select who you
wish to pass it to yeah because the
buttons come up oh okay all right here
we go
rich going right down this is the
decider but this is not 100% decider of
who wins the footballs nope I'm going to
deflate your balls that's the thing x
times Brady has deflated balls yeah
his doctors looking oh I have to have to
go again animus primal we have no idea
what's going on either we are literally
just pressing buttons and oh no arm up
sides
oh yeah flag down does they know I
didn't know what let me move before the
plane is terrible this terrible like I'm
when I'm holding down to get ready to go
and he just moved that was awful
well I want to accept yeah you did it
you cold you people doing that's all on
me this is this is great
I'm loving this and so I guess for
anyone who doesn't know American
football our goal is we need to move the
football you need to get to the yellow
line we have four plays to get to the
yellow line yeah oh no oh no you tackled
me ah you sacked me I don't know how to
spin dick the birthday boy and by the
way I don't know if Phoenix is here yet
but I'm gonna go out on a limb and say
that there are no spikes in my state oh
yeah you spiked the ball down when you
get the end zone jack oh my future Lion
brain God Richard brilliant oh oh god I
have to do thing again okay all right
I'm ready yep that was a jack sack oh my
god four seconds go go
but what you can't be king is there a
button I need to press to catch it I
don't want to you don't want to punt I
don't want to punt
all right it's fine by me
I ran fucking chicks going 4 on 4 and 6
I don't know what that means
that's bad all my plays are running
plays I wanted I want a passing play I
don't tell you he's telling me what he
wants to do the way a game is kind of
amazing what the fuck delay of game
which you have to accept or decline oh I
love the way of game yeah I'll accept it
all right I don't understand no punting
you got to pick a player each other yeah
sure exactly what I want to do alright
let's fucking puns it's fine this way
are
what do I need to do look good that that
was the terrible thing as I tried to
figure out yeah it didn't work that was
a terrible thing I'm not very good at
okay very good at football
did you know yes
Oh hand egg is that what you call it
that's fine this is what we're doing
today we're playing we're playing cuz
today's a football day we're playing
football games that's how it works at
least it isn't boring ball boring ball
like baseball
I think baseball's terribly boring what
are we doing oh I'm doing things okay
all right I think I did things
how do I lose me oh shit oh that was me
by the way I don't want to do what it's
supposed to do I was hitting the button
and things weren't happening l1 what
does that one do I don't know but
there's a button over somebody said they
said l1 oh no sorry that's right you
know I'm sorry I've no you know I don't
know game emmechelle I've never seen
blood bow have you ever seen boys bow
yes yes no we've never we've never seen
it I am a savant if for anyone who just
saw that wicked ass tackle that was
wicked wicked oh shit I have to do think
okay went for the ground game oh you
took too long
look too long what I have to do you
proud I don't know you see you shamed
more times than zero right you guys
choose your plays fast rich you gotta
choose your plays fast all right let's
go all right let's go let's go let's go
let's go let's go
how do you start the game boom boom
a gain of only a yard nothing ow
press X not to get a penalty X is
basically the only button I ever press
this is all I want to let you know how's
life and stuff telling us alright you
know a little snowy today today was a
bit of a hassle wait to shovel my car
out wait to shovel my car out when I got
to see her cuz I got stuck in a little
bit of snow but it's fine everything is
fine I hit the buttons and nothing
happens that's what I call a super set
had to be holding forward when you throw
I was hitting the button I'm sorry he
wasn't throwing you all repaired for my
suit soups super sec I don't know what
I'm doing great I think that's great
I could not also figure out how I
couldn't figure out how to punch how did
you stop it in the green home forward
huh back and then forward oh but I think
it was shitty punt don't want to hi no
no I think that's a good punt because
that gives your team time to defend you
want it further back huh you want
further back you want to further back
sure you want it further back yes I'm
absolutely cheating this is the thing
you should know about me neither of us
know sports game it's true this is the
blind leading the blind and that's fact
that's what makes this great ok here we
go and do
[Applause]
almost intercepted I forgot which one
was r1 and r2 by the way though of the
bumper yes no I was in the bumper I know
that way all right I can do this I can
do this I'm ready for this I see someone
is saying this game will probably zero
zero that's probably dumb the max thank
you for subscribing we very much
appreciate it
shit how did that happen
by the way I picked a play that I was
supposed to toss it to my left maybe I
don't know how to read play but you hit
the button and you didn't toss it to
your left yeah that's right okay it's
quite possible I don't know what I'm
doing whoever you think so I'm enjoying
this look I mean I you know when we're
done I might take this home and go
through the tutorial I'm learning the
game oh my I'm enjoying this all right
do what you do rich do what you do only
the birds didn't suck doesn't discolor
having a button that's just interception
interception oh that was close to
interception what meat says I don't get
it when do we get the wife-beating
murder dogfights season 2 professional
athletes football players specifically
yeah because it attracts aggressive
large men yeah that's the problem with
football we encourage aggression ok I'm
gonna try to figure this out this time
you're gonna try and fake again even
though it might not let you because I
think you're always allowed one fake oh
oh how do you catch you have to press a
button to catch do you know this
and I don't know okay do you really know
you did once you're the only one who's
caught a ball that's true
I didn't you just gave me field position
because you yeah and I knew you were
gonna fake did you yes I could see that
listen I don't that's this is my only
play my oh my only the only thing I know
about football is you're supposed to go
towards the goal line so that's all I
want to do is go towards the goal line
you don't have to press a button to
catch okay defense pick a play jack
oh shit I know it's real good field
position Saul yes dear
thank you for subscribing we very much
appreciate it I say we fire coach Jack
at the end of the season absolutely
absolutely
coach jack has no idea what's going on
this is a real thing you should know
about coach Jack give them all the time
in the world but oh boo oh that's you I
thought I didn't get it I thought I only
invented it yeah this is just like
football like nothing happens
so generally in the fruitball you have
four downs what do they call them four
attempts
down is Jack down see afford downs and
the yellow line resets the typically on
the fourth one you always punt the other
team because you don't want to give the
other team position unless you're me and
your knees him at this game damn get him
got him I wasn't doing anything I was
not doing it I love doing is pressing
buttons I just literally was like mash
mash mash mash which is getting too
focused I'm sorry it's late I try to
play game good yeah I know I'm oh that
was the end of the first quarter you
know my brain does shut off a little bit
Swiss sports I just don't understand it
I just don't understand and then Jack
will have a nip slip if if you're lucky
Jack I'll get a nip slip
okay here we go
I change who I am
boom boom I pressed a button I don't
know if I actually did that if that was
just the AI this is actually the most
frustrating part where it's like I do
almost want to like go through the
instructions where it's like I don't
know if I'm doing anything I don't know
if I'm playing the game or if I'm
watching a game being played this one
okay here we go here we go Cupid cupid
cupid go dog what you get you get the
first that's Virgin at the first and
first oh that's perfect
I'm gonna score on your ass jag I'm
gonna be walking down that inside
what do you can do when I spike the ball
because there are spikes in this game
are there but I thought you get I don't
know what you're gonna do I thought you
get fined if you get spikes you can
spike you just can't dance after you
spike okay you can drop the ball yeah oh
yes well salius d I'm glad you subscribe
to hear us say your name hopefully you
enjoy just like XCOM hunker down right
son of orpheus thank you for subscribing
for the past 4 months now you very much
appreciate it I should probably pick up
I probably do that I should probably
pick a play ok you're right if I if only
I could get on the roof of the stadium
this wouldn't even be a contest you have
no idea yes there's nothing I stopped
them
I stopped them I got the first down well
you got the person I don't care I
stopped doing it stop dear
okay soos who's who's working for Jack
and who's he working for edge what are
the what are your best I'm guessing
there if I were to place a bet I would
place a bet on rich this is all I'm
saying
rich seems to understand what's going on
Oh God
boom gotcha gotcha that was me
I got Jenna and I did that I pressed a
button and I gotcha Mike will win
they're very confused Mike and Jay win
because they're not here in the snow
this one rich does have the ability to
learn which I do not you're right yes
oh thank you check that was very nice
you're gonna congratulate me like
they're welcome you see your pins this
is the sport you should like no this is
the right one I don't think that's right
wait you didn't spike it cuz you you
picked the wrong sport you didn't spike
it thank Eric is a thing happened you're
right a thing happened
ah damn it good good you jerk
well you're not gonna score that's
probably I don't all right here we go
here we go here we go here we go here we
go now here we go here we go he would go
now let's get ready to football all
right by the way X puts out a hand okay
X is a straight arm get off me
all right
okay vehicles if only we could fly all
right let's go and go
first down at the 30 will run it years
I don't know I don't know what would
happen Jack don't run directly into a
sea of lockers I know but like my play
was to return down the middle and so I
figured my blockers would return down
the middle and apparently that didn't
happen there I don't you know I don't
know so I thought I was supposed to run
down the middle to follow my blockers
but apparently my blockers were going
down the middle so I should have gone
down besides I'm learned I am learning
slowly try not I'm trying out my running
dream not not going so well
you can't run me jack I got paranoid I
can't I just want to say apparently not
[Applause]
what the fuck Jack never be punting Jack
never subscribing are you all ready for
this sorry sorry it's all back it'll be
fine
it will be hell I'll be fine mostly cuz
I have no idea how I did then I rich I
am doing a real field goal attempts I'm
actually doing a field goal attempt I'm
gonna let you know yeah I'm sure you're
not 100% doing a real field goal attempt
wait oh wait okay how do you do that
really it's good how do you how do you
make it stop what down on them phones
oh impress phone that's what I'm doing
okay I'm just
oh I still made it everything's fine
everything's all it's donated uh jack is
winning now john-boy don't point not
good
fucking Tom Brady okay that's how you do
you push forward boom kicking it oh you
better down that shit you ain't get
nothing you ain't getting nothing where
am I Who am I don't get nothing you
ain't get nothing all right
you're right what a great dunk that one
I like this
yeah yes okay listen I I I have no ill
will towards football games it's just
you know it's just a it's sports games
in general I think I restrain genre in
video games because basically the same
thing with better graphics alright but I
suppose if you haven't played one in a
while then it doesn't matter it was all
new to me jack great can I change who I
am
oh I can zoom out apparently or was that
you
sports sports sports sports sports I
wonder if this has motion controls we
need to know don't do that I'm gonna
start shaking the shit out of my
controller
okay do-do do-do do-do-do-do-do
do-do-do-do-do are you all ready for
this
get out of my fucking way go yes
no first first I believe you I have 100%
belief right stick to tackle right stick
to tackle it seems wrong that seems
unintuitive but since I don't know any
better
two-minute warning two-minute warning a
half time - morning - morning okay they
have actual ads yes]
oh I was ready for this dammit
okay okay uh okay okay okay okay okay
okay we only have two minutes left we
have a minute photo okay let's go
we just got a gun this we just got a gun
this and let's go
well that was 100
oh that was that doesn't count
you didn't win that I lost it did you
see my guys like I hope everyone saw all
my men fall down because I was pressing
the wrong button
oh I wish it
all right speaker king riches to all
rich careful on your loudness I know you
get excited
I don't know what any of these oh I
think square is dived by the way
no we don't have 230,000 viewers right
now we have 825 viewers at the moment
and I think like 230 is like over the
lifetime not very impressive for its
keep for live viewers you know that's I
am okay with this I'm okay we got a
minute 36 yeah just let you know how to
enough time not enough time
okay here we go here we go here we go
again again son of a bitch
are you pressing anything no I just
happened okay
they like the button prompts and I'm
sure if there were a way to do it yeah
there would be a button promise
terrible terrible
okay I think we know who's gonna win I
think Jack got really lucky once okay
here we go I did throw to the guy on my
team I thought of it
oh yeah yeah get your game up Jack ie
and I'm working on it this is the
problem okay here we go here we go here
we go here we go here we go now I'm
still not a hundred percent sure I'm
like oh oh yeah I got the first I don't
think so third and inches yeah you're
right this is my real problem is I don't
understand my players motivations they
didn't make that really right stick is
evade the right stick is evade Oh
something like maybe that's like
twisting and Junia maybe yeah okay
thank you guys
oh shit oh shit
nope no cow injury injury timeout who's
hurt yeah fuck
okay if only like we could just murder
people yeah you lost someone important
may be returned no they're working on
getting you an update on the injury I
did get the first down though did you
yeah damn it
do you thing do a thing the one game I
couldn't find in time okay yeah I was I
was looking for for football and general
sports like football and soccer game yes
right and I remember I remembered an old
Sega Genesis game called mutant league
football where you players like zombies
and monster football and stuff yeah oh
thank you
and I couldn't find one near enough to
get it in time unfortunately but mutant
league football is a game i remember
playing oh oh oh what a weak-ass defense
what a weak-ass defense oh and they're
all the same time rich time in a long
time I got touchdown appreciated chap
and then you got my back
[Applause]
follow for that she reads me as well and
you're gonna win what inning is it now
it now it is the the middle is the third
inning we don't get a halftime show
oh no there's still 13 seconds left in
the second oh okay you get you get 13
seconds to it not score unless I can run
it back paul blart mall blah blah blah
muffler thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
oh I can't you can I'm sorry you kick
rich I'm so used to getting the ball
yeah ended the minute
sure oh by the way that right stick does
nothing okay let's just go right away ah
great
the Patriots offense ready now to see
what it could do
oh shit shit go go go can we go right
away oh no hadou running play with three
seconds I didn't think it was a running
play I'll be honest with you damn it oh
I apparently apparently not spikes
there's one spike in this game I was
trying to do a barrel roll I tried the
right stick maneuver but uh it didn't
work this game have the slaughter role
view scores so many points but there's
no possible way I can come back that
would be hilarious yeah that was a great
play that was a great play that was that
was one good play one good play sponsors
and ads in game that's brilliant by the
way yeah oh it is because like you know
obviously it gets you money for your
game but also it's it recreates the
experience of watching football it
recreates the unknowing experience of
watching professional sports is it any
wonder they churned one of these out
over here right this is the Bud Light
Verizon Subway McDonald's Chevy truck
halftime show
two-minute warning announcement brought
to you by ABC's Modern Family
boom kick it kicking it
oh we're here already I got shit you
ain't got shit you ain't got shit I got
shit 23 you know you could have just put
it putting me on it and got that 20 okay
I got three extra yards Jan what are you
just can you put a knee down in this how
do you piss soon you can put me down
sure but how I don't know how watch me
not know how nothing you got nothing
Sam woman thank you for subscribing we
really we we hope that your subscription
to us we hope your subscription to Us
makes you a a little bit less sad
brightens her day up even a little bit
borders formation here for the defense
Damon I made the wrong call I made the
wrong call that's fine
when you run things drag rounds across
the field the throat
this first-person real time this is the
FTL of real sports I don't move yeah
we're still being terrible at hand egg
speak for yourself I'm not being so
terribly no by the way we're getting it
this is our first sports game played in
a while this is our first sports hey how
do you I keep trying to change players
to get closer to to tackle and it
doesn't seem to be working the actual
Super Bowl starts I want to save like
five six six five thirty maybe Central
Standard Time so in about in about three
hours I think it starts and you know I
don't know how late we're going we're
going to if you like it yeah we might
run into the Super Bowl a little bit if
you want to stop watching us and watch
the Super Bowl that's fine but this is
what we're doing today this is what
we're doing today once
what's once we kind of get the feel for
this we can like talk about there's a
little timer on the D leaf
I'm realistic graphics yeah I'll accept
that
I hit the button before the 1 second
mark damn it yeah okay here we go here
we go here we go now here we go here we
go here we going now not even not even
close not even close right mutant
football
yes mutant football be great multi ball
a multi ball what I wasn't gonna tell
you i watch the movies over the weekend
yeah I was tweeting about it so people
might know what I watched I was really
considering because Lisa was out of town
my wife for those of you who don't know
Lisa was out of town and so that was my
opportunity so I just watched some
schlock at home cuz I do like in general
like if I want to watch a schlocky movie
I feel bad like making her watch it you
know she I guess she doesn't have to
watch it with me but oh but you know
like I take her into consideration with
whatever we watch I'm only have one TV
at house and so she was out of town it's
like I might watch Teenage Mutant Ninja
Turtles I'm thinking oh no because you
know morbid curiosity is gonna get to
bed better me eventually and I'm gonna
see it eventually right
but I decided against it last minute and
I finally got I finally watched
macGruber mm-hmm oh you're punting shit
enjoyed it it was fine
nothing was fine
so yeah macGruber it's an alright movie
it had added one to scene in particular
that was like the funniest thing I've
ever seen
why would you teach them the container
to be ninja tricks you just I was gonna
watch change minute Turtles but I really
much prefer
whoa cuz don't care about macGruber you
don't care about macGruber and our fans
are nerds like us yeah like us
nonetheless they're nerds well I'm gonna
and remember jack this the european
stream oh shit they are the Teenage
Mutant hero turtles oh is that true the
ninja was considered a bad thing Oh in
ye olde England yeah so they couldn't
call them ninjas even though they're
clearly ninjas ah they're the hero
turtles that's great that's not doing it
good that running point it's just I
bring it up because it was something I
was really considering and it was going
through my head I ended up not watch
macGruber and I think that was a good
choice it wasn't macGruber wasn't great
it's not a great comedy but a couple of
really great laugh-out-loud moments but
here's where it gets important which is
I went from macGruber I turned it into a
double feature and I watched the
interview which is available on Netflix
now defense bigger play yeah looking at
the place you had like three seconds
have you have you seen the in video no
probably not going to I don't care
enough here's the thing
oh here's the thing about the interview
it's really good yeah yeah yeah legit
Andy you know me I'm not a fan of Seth
Rogen I don't like him in general but I
found myself really enjoying the
interview laughing a lob is all the
setups were grade like solid premise
there their bits was really funny I
really ended up enjoying it and it's
it's because I talked about the
interview I know you know you know what
I rewatched Galaxy Quest Oh Galaxy Quest
have not washed it fine movie despite
Tim Ellen
despite Tim s yeah James Franco like
James Franco was a little James Franco
was a little tough to deal with I'm
shocked you didn't fake I know cuz I
knew you knew I knew you thought that I
was gonna fake so I wanted to fake out
your fake James Franco's a little tough
to deal with he's playing like a
character but you know he's very
consistent with his character yeah he
and his character is the is the oddball
and here's what really makes the movie
by the way the interview Seth Rogen is
the straight man he's not like he's not
the goofball he's not the the pothead
yep James Franco's that weird one and
Seth Rogen is the is the straight man
and it really works
I remember Galaxy Quest being okay I
never thought of is it is that like he's
got sequester movie people know about
nowadays I think so no go further with
ball oh I think it's great a lot of good
jokes oh I like that
oh god what's his name the villain die
hard he's in it he plays like a wharf
slash Spock type character
but he wears that he wears that alien
head thing the whole damn movie Snape
yeah yeah I think I played Snape I think
of I think of him as Hans Gruber yeah
he's all songs Gruber Alan Rickman Alan
Rickman three women now Rickman oh god
dammit dammit I'm sorry rich I'm sorry
you got me talking about Alan Rickman
you're you're really yeah you're a jerk
you accepted it on me when I didn't know
what I was doing so the flavour I'm
repaying the flavor
we very much appreciate it thank you for
subscribing we do very much appreciated
but I was gonna say all Galaxy Quest was
watching the other guys like the TV show
version and then video the actual movie
itself yeah but it but it has like them
on the TV show and the sets are just a
little bit cheaper like the models are
just a little bit cheaper looking and
they tried to make Tim Allen look 15
years younger
by giving him the mullet and he just
looks older there's an older in the old
footage make sure to pick your play even
know what I picked but I had to figure
thank you for telling me
that's so funny third and four coming up
following that completion loading up
with extra defensive backs into time I
don't do it oh maybe it's not x2 change
person maybe it's Circle someone is
asking if I can change the sub sign from
what the fuck - what the Frick because
his mommy is getting upset
that's really funny but a silly assuming
that your mother can hear that she can
also hear us and say horrible thing you
know what invest in headphones yes
invest in a quality pair of headphones
by the way that's how you do it
circle change is your guy okay circle
changes your guy and not eggs and also
if you don't turn your volume down right
now your mommy will hear us say fuck
that was me
shit fuck ass that was very mean fuck
the shit ass out of you fuck this shit
right out of your ass Jack's a frickin
arsehole I'm a naughty Nelly this
European stream so we say arsehole
naughty naughty yes RM should have a
branded headphones branded
noise-canceling headphones so you can't
hear the world in the world can't be
embarrassed by what you're watching
damn it got on there I got on there got
on there there pretty good
what what's gone I don't know you got a
big play
oh they're saying you should try a field
goal yeah I think Rachel's gonna fake it
out me I think we're just faking it
no no yeah well I am I'm up by a lot
he's trying to turn my tricks and I'm
far enough back that you still don't
have great field position yeah I'm
finally understanding how to work this
stupid King it's not stupid it's fine
it's fine game ends I'm enjoying this
I'm I might actually play this on my own
ya know do it you know it's simple yeah
I get it I understand what's happening
on what's happening on it just takes you
a while to get into the floor the
football
oh no football this won't be enough to
like convince me to actually just like
to watch football like that no I enjoy
football you enjoy football yep I don't
love it football's a fine thing okay
boom boom first down slow but steady
this is the game that's low hey now
don't get don't get cocky now you caught
a football it's a job you just did your
job congratulations I just I do dislike
that like they catch a pass and I'm like
you know like that's the simple part you
just catch a pass that's your job you
did your job adequately you go above and
beyond that you can start dancing around
like an asshole
that was right there right there Who am
I I'm Tom Brady's nicer if you're a head
watch me now know what's going on I'm
trying to psyche rich out ready shit
ready for what to get sacked 100% my bad
while eh - oh thank you for subscribing
five months in a row we really
appreciate it's true it's true we do
appreciate it
it's really true
subscribe for a sack that's what it is
sack for a subscribe they're 19 boom go
run run run something hey you know if
it's something that's fourth and eleven
twelve
I'll take it I'll tell you I can take it
I'll fucking take it let's go let's go
let's go
third and needy men right take that
no it just looked like a really awkward
hug like everyone was like yeah fuck you
idiot nope
going for it my guess you have to with
this what else am I gonna little get it
that seemed like it was a bad thing I
was a really bad and this is why I went
for it the game is listen I don't know
why you go for it on 4th and whatever I
just did demo weasel thank you for
subscribing yeah very much appreciate it
game is happening the game is on
oh shit oh fuck that was completely
ineffective yeah I mean I don't have no
idea you always go for it on 4th in a
video game absolutely that's I mean I
always go for it no matter what
that's my real weakness as I do I go for
it but that's why you're not winning I
I'm there's a real reason I'm not with
you
I press the wrong button great this game
is an interception yes that's great I
love it
yep three minutes to score twice I'm not
gonna happen that's the situation you're
in three minutes three minutes in some
seconds I don't know I didn't even think
I had three min 3:26 that's great
that's great let's do it let's fucking
do it let's fucking do it oh we do have
three minutes okay great great great we
can do this will you do this guys I'm
enjoying this I really am yeah Oh easy
easy peasy easy peasy
dun dun off we go let's go okay okay
Jack he's the waterboy I don't think
that's an option
Oh
nor the the master of throwing
interceptions after getting one I don't
understand your guy was there you don't
throw the ball into coverage tech right
don't do it
I thought he was open I was going on
fuck Rich's got the power now risky's
got all the power
you got the touch can you get the booze
friend dies who said no is that what
happens yes I that's from the
Transformers movie I think I believe you
one of my least favorite moments as a
child uh-huh was Optimus dying yes III
you know what I stopped watching the
movie after that I no longer cared they
killed off the only character I really
liked and all right fuck these new guys
I don't give a shit about them that's
why I call these things jumping off
points it's like they want to reset them
out of the universe now well I used to
like the Marvel Universe yeah shame it's
going away forever Jack should stick to
running the ball no every time I run the
ball rich tackles me and I lose yardage
the only time I have ever scored or made
any progress is when I've thrown the law
so I think I'm gonna stick to throwing
the ball that's my point and I'm going
to stick to win oh I'm just gonna I'm
going I figure if my guys continue
winning yes everything will will work
out and we'll win the game my plan for
bettering myself is just picking better
receiver two minute
two-minute warning
ouch dude how did you feel about after a
sprite died a little bit younger than oh
you know I didn't I never watch
transformers I don't okay never watch
transformers I haven't even seen the
movie yeah that that killed my love for
the franchise there's like it was like
suddenly hey I love transformers nah
I'll absolutely love them and the movie
came out no longer gave a shit fuck you
right no I don't care and to this day I
hate I hate marker dumping movies I hate
I hate the the heroic sacrifice they
can't stand it and in a large part I
think it's because they killed Optimus
Prime
it's just a pet peeve of mine sure any
any story that it's of a hero dying
fuck that shit you know I like I I like
that I like when the hero dies when you
care like you know when that's when it's
integral to the story I think it's it's
great
coming to the line hoping to avoid being
sacked for eight
I'm attacking the offense shut up
winning that's the thing you're winning
this time game to know we got all the
time the world we could do the Packers
birth there we go that'll actually put
me in a severe disadvantage too he'll be
able to use their own fuckin rogers yeah
I got Jay the interception master Cutler
this is what we need we need to uh
balance we need to defense yeah
you got the touch I've I don't even know
if I've ever heard this song it's just
so familiar boom fucking on it just
grinding you down yet fine do it Jack
Hughes time out no I mean listen I'm not
winning there's 40 seconds left in the
game I'm not winning this right here I'm
not the Green Bay Packers I've got this
in the bag
yeah there's 34 seconds left there's
definitely not no comeback Avenue the
best I can hope for is if I can score
another touchdown I I won't embarrass
myself if I can score a touchdown
then I won't embarrass myself but I mean
I'm embarrassing you got you got 34
seconds for that right so it's and I
have all the yards to go
for the defense
kidding here that was uh that was pretty
ruthless right there as soon as I threw
it by the way the very second I threw it
I saw the three defenders I did not see
those three defenders before I threw it
so that's gonna be my bad
[Applause]
okay got it back got it back
everything's fine we got it back this is
fun despite no it is boom boom got it
back oh and by the way you see those
moves I'm learning some moves that got
me an extra like ten Yahoo spin the
there are stick around no no like you
you press like rights to spin right left
to spend like okay okay alright now
we're on it now we are fucking on it
let's go and got it back 21 seconds for
Jack not to embarrass himself well every
time I've thrown reception you have
returned the favor right there we go
boom boom that's a great play great play
great play great play that's a great
play everybody great play everybody
great play okay okay I've never heard
this song before you got the touch never
heard it here I've never got the power
I've never heard this song what happened
what happened I thought I had like 30
seconds okay hey that's good game good
game rich and I just shook hands you
didn't that's good game good game
everyone good left hand right hand shake
that was
