Batgirl, Bat Guuurrrll!! (Part 2)
July 15, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qpLSffIEWQ8

um you're a ninja yeah
final run time for space cop is just
over three hours but I like I know Jay
Mike have been working really hard to
get it like like 258 between 257 and 259
is what we're aiming for
I think that's realistic yeah I think
that's realistic we can get a lot
shorter if we just cut all the scenes
with space cop that's what we're working
on i rich has been desperately trying to
convince you to do that because they got
a lot of space gun we need to cut out
this shot for shot Gone with the Wind
remake oh yeah that's right in the
middle of the movie I think that makes
it though I take some people out but I
think it's important that's what turns
it from a movie into a perfect satire of
Gone with the Wind cuz right now like if
you cut that out you have mild allusions
to gone but you know Jack did you see
the Suicide Squad trailer I did see the
Suicide Squad trailer I'm so rich like I
was watching it and if you separate the
fact that it's supposed to be a comic
book movie like I thought it looked kind
of neat until the Joker showed yeah and
I was like oh that's right yeah because
I like that I like like the whole like
antihero
we have to assemble a team to go out on
this mission and they're all like
criminal exists I think that was cool
like it looked neat I tell the Joker
showed up I was like oh that's right
it's supposed to be a comic book thing I
agree I like the premise yeah one I
don't think the Joker's gonna play a big
part in the movie no it's gonna be like
a cameo or something but still he looks
terrible
it looks okay well and this is my other
problem with it being and this is the
the burden of being a comic book nerd we
were just talking about I don't like how
Harley Quinn looks Oh see I don't know
anything about Harley Quinn everything
about suicide squads for the movie it
looks fine to me well I think Trish Lee
looks like a Harlequin she looks like an
adorable Lady clown okay and then it's
really funny when she kicks dudes asses
she is a pretty little adorable clown
okay
and so but like even like in this game
they turned her into like a biker badass
you know are there any like incarnations
in the comics or anything where she
looks like that in recent days yeah oh
yeah basically ever since these games
started yeah yeah everyone is turning
her more hardcore mat and may call me an
old man but you know well if the movie
like for me cuz someone that doesn't
know anything about it like as long as
there are too many like tries attempts
to like connect it with an expanded
universe and that bullshit like as a
standalone movie like based on the
trailer like I think it was kind of neat
well you know tiny tiny eared Batman's
in it oh yeah there's one shot with
Batman but I'm sure that's gonna be like
a super quick scene maybe that's how she
got caught or something uh I don't know
you know I I have no I love the premise
I have no bias either way towards
suicide spot okay so I'll see it cuz I
see kind of is I have a compulsion yeah
I know people like the director of it
that David Ayer
the only thing I think I've seen by him
is sabotage with Arnold Schwarzenegger
which is like the worst thing okay but I
guess that was kind of taken away from
him and re-edited so what is he done um
fuck he's done stuff that people like
thanks to it I don't look it up cuz I
can't think of what he did I know people
like him though but David Ayer at David
Ayer David Dave at our David a OH
URI he did fury with Brad Pitt oh um and
you did end up watch which I remember
Mike said was one of the worst things he
had ever seen but I know a lot of people
like it okay and I guess that's it okay
all I've seen to sabotage the morville
Arnold Schwarzenegger movie
I'm sure this Suicide Squad will be
better than the incarnation that's
currently on TV with the arrow so oh
there is another version to let's go at
our do well the the TV show the arrow
yeah follows the green arrow it sees
the comic-book hero right and in that
show they have several episodes that
deal with the Suicide Squad oh I was
Harley Quinn in it and everything no not
hardly quite she was going to be in it
until the movie got Greenland now you
hear her voice in a couple episodes but
like a different Deadshot isn't it the
Will Smith is dead job okay bye a white
dead to day job okay um Will Smith this
is the most important aspect I hate him
but he looks fine in the movie like he's
subdued he's not cracking wise or
anything
I believe in Will Smith as an actor the
problem is Will Smith is really good at
playing Will Smith yes yes and so when
he tries to get serious is when we have
a problem
yeah and this looks like him trying to
be serious again bod Will Smith as the
as the cocky con man with a hard gold
I'm there America
Will Smith uh
Will Smith's movie roles have been taken
over by Ryan Reynolds and I'm okay with
that
as Mike says Jay you've sold me on what
hat American summer will you finally
accept my recommendation to watch wake
in fright
I will watch it eventually it's on my
list
do you have a look do you have a realist
I have a mental list and it's like like
a hundred thousand movies I've started a
spreadsheet of a real list
oh really are video games that people
tell us we need to plow sure
spreadsheets are where it's at it's I
guess it's hard man there's so many
things there's so many so much media out
there speaking speaking of mental lists
that reminds me of magicians which which
reminds me of James Randi who I've
talked about on the stream a few times
the magician turned Oh
conman D bunker yeah documentary about
ads exactly I just want to bring this up
just I think it just recently got
released on Netflix it's called an
honest liar it's a documentary about
James ready Oh
wanna see this oh yeah a little bit
roundabout rich but is great yeah yeah I
wanted to see that mmm an honest liar
well I mean Mentalist kind of remind me
like that's that's what sleazy psychics
that's kind of shtick they pull reading
your mind yeah nice oh the raid should
be on your Mentalist is the raid on your
mentor it is but there's two of them
they're both in there yep there you go
why am I having so much trouble with the
hacking I don't I don't know if you feel
the batteries draining out of your
controller it's fine I got another one
it's not plugged in I should plug in the
other one yep last night I watched ex
machina finally oh how was it it's great
oh I've been looking lately overpraised
cuz I had read some stuff comparing it
to like Kubrick oh that's a little much
but it is really really good I wonder if
in you know it's it yeah it sound like
VOD like you can rent it it doesn't take
long at all any words and thankfully
those remember gerbera back in the day
when you had to wait like six months
longer than that oh I'm longer than that
a year something I didn't get to see the
Empire Strikes Back and the fucking 1989
but yeah ex machina I was really good it
was looking for I guess like I didn't I
intentionally didn't read a lot about it
like before it came out or when when it
was out yeah um so I don't know why I
had it in my mind that it was a
completely different type of movie than
what it turned out to be like I was
thinking it was gonna be like this ai
you know
robot like goes out into the world or
something but it's really self-contained
like most of the movie takes place in
one location it's really like intimate
and and philosophical and it's really
good good no I mean the Sun Oscar Isaac
is like greatness what is it what else
is he
he was in inside Llewelyn Davis the Coen
Brothers movie he was Llewellyn Davis
and that okay um he's in a most violent
year lots and lots of like like
thoughtful intelligent independent films
and now he's in Star Wars Episode seven
and he's going to be in x-men apocalypse
so oh good so now he's doing the big
stuff but he's really got to make the
money you weren't for that payday he's
really great in ex machina I wanted a
I've heard really good things about how
house on a ship one day I'd like to pay
my rent yeah not just a good performance
but like a good character oh it's really
great man good and yeah it totally like
cuz I always have this problem with
movies about AI where like I don't care
how much they try to make me sympathize
I still just see it as a robot you know
and then and ex machina completely
subverted that like an in a really like
refreshing way without any giving away
any spoilers oh yeah don't spoil its
yeah it's it's great oh good good yeah
I've been I've been waiting for that to
come to you know like an Amazon or
something to rent I just came out this
week yeah I did it the first date
without because I wanted to see it cuz I
missed it in theaters mm-hmm that was
one day it was it was in the we have a
new theater right around the corner from
us that plays like independent movie
sometimes and and I was like I was
already and I just missed it like I was
there like the next day yeah Oh have you
been to the theater yet I have okay I
have finally finally and to my shock and
disappointment it is the type of movie
theater that serves dinner in the
theater oh one of those I don't mind
those when I know that's what I'm
getting into
sure I've been to it if you've been to
those type of theaters a few times
here's the the goodness I've been to one
of those theaters before we've like one
on the north side of Milwaukee that is
like a dinner the max man yeah Fox Bay
but Fox Bay has table that's not going
to work like a restaurant in the front
yeah yeah and then like the back seats
have like long rows of tables yes
and I went to the Fox pay once and sat
at like a dinner table and tried to
watch movie news an awful experience the
Avalon this new theater by me that does
dinner service that just has giant movie
chairs and then you have like a like a
tray in front of you Oh God
know what I mean okay that seems I gonna
be annoying to me I think that's the way
to do it because then everyone is facing
the same direction you have your own
little space and little tray in front of
you okay and maybe it's just because I
was there and there weren't that many
people there but I was asked if I wanted
service Oh which I mean I don't because
I want to watch a movie yeah but you
know they were thoughtful enough to say
do you want me to bother you and they
serve beer there s always a plus I'm
very excited to see to see more movies
but overall is a very good experience in
the popcorn with some of the best
popcorn i'vei've ever added a movie
theater hmm so that's good yeah I've
been there a couple times now and it's a
really great little movie theater well
alright yeah nothing's more important
than the popcorn you know sometimes I
think the quality of the movies more
important no no no first of all you can
watch a quality movie on your iPhone now
down your fuckin telephone get real oh
my god David is busting to the road get
out of here David Lynch so the
experience is part of it like the
theater setting the popcorn the no Shire
is all part of it
it's fucking great popcorn that's good
yeah
part theatre part cafeteria it is and
it's here it is and it's weird but like
the couple times I've been there there
haven't I haven't noticed any like
waiters while watching the movie hmm
so I think that's a good thing that's a
plus I don't know that's how it was at
Fox Bay is like the waiters were around
every 15 yeah and you were constantly
hearing like people clinking their
plates making noise yeah so like I said
if you know what you're getting into
like I saw what did I see there I saw
Toy Story 3 there there's like at Fox
babe it was like the second time I'd
seen it okay so it's like all right I've
already seen the movie now what kind of
half pay attention to the movie while I
eat my sandwich that's the thing I'm
gonna test that seeing a movie that I
actually care about seeing this weekend
and we'll see if it's a decent
experience I saw the dark night at a
dinner theater and I hated it yeah yeah
I saw the Dark Knight Rises at the Fox
Bay but that was I think that's fine I
think that was like the second time I'd
seen it okay like the lights were on
someone oh sure it's noisy it's bad okay
thank you yes I agree it can be bad it
looks like they're handling it
appropriately here by not to be too
disruptive of of things already yeah
that's good they all frozen no yep
yeah it seemed like that guy was just
kind of stocked but um you know what I
didn't watch any of it because I don't
care that much did you guys see any of
the Star Wars comic on footage now yeah
well I saw the behind-the-scenes thing
they're released okay but not the actual
panel huh I think that's what they were
talking about is the behind the scenes
things that's like look they've already
sold me on the fact that they're doing a
lot of practical effects like and I
think that's great yeah I I think
they're doing everything right from an
aesthetic point of view all that I care
about now is if it's a decent script
with new characters that I can get
invested in that's all that matters I'm
sold on it visually looks like it looks
fine it looks like Star Wars yes it
looks as long as it's not a convoluted
mess of a story I'm gonna be okay
yes I'm more excited about new Evil Dead
yes what this hey hi
oh my Oh God look at that guy just walk
around him for a little bit oh I have to
like I already had the buddy oh he was
just looking at a wall that poor AI
that's working tonight still just silent
killer Michael silent silent silent well
but I mean that a that was ridiculous he
was looking at a wall none of them I
have the heart monitors yeah so boring
compared to the other games I want to
say you called it you called it baby
does stealth something like that yeah
and I like that phrasing
oh no I don't worry about shooter that's
fine
that's why is it why is that guy just
waiting there oh sure yes we can't have
a Mad Max spoilery discussion yes hey
guys we're gonna have a Mad Max spoilery
discussion heads up
what's going on Oh someone says Jack and
we finally have a Mad Max spoilery
discussion suppose we can so yeah it's
been it's been long enough I think it's
out of the theaters now might be so yes
yes we can what you want to note Mad Max
spoilers coming up
coming up okay we're gonna have a Mad
Max spoiler talk okay spoilers spoilers
best thing ever one it's the best things
around if you haven't see I mean yeah
not a lot of spoilers are gonna ruin the
story for you for Mad Max because it's a
Miss Mad Max movie I had a pronoun
problem they say don't say you had a
problem with that movie cuz everything's
great
here's my one problem okay her name is
furiosa it's great
her name Lord humungus was a character's
the yeah the second man max I know
here's my problem with it okay her name
is furiosa and she rides on fury road
she takes fury road too you know like
that's her job right is protecting fury
road and her name is furiosa okay I'm
waiting for a point yeah but she was
named furiosa before she got to the road
yeah the word the word fury exists
outside of it road maybe was named after
her she's want to do the run maybe you
know what it's appropriate schlock for
the movie I'm not saying that it took me
out of the world or anything but
thinking about it after watching movie
we just like this is why we're here this
is this big spoiler just ha ha ha no oh
no that's not a big spoiler discussion
um I just in general spoiler talk that
was just something I want him I wanted
to mention where it's just like oh that
really bugged me that when she's talking
to the old ladies
is it like a you think is like it sounds
so similar I feel like it should have a
connection cuz it doesn't have any
connection at all know what I was
thinking him like in Lord of the Rings
there Sauron and Saruman right and those
sounds are similar that's sort of
obnoxious what what I was thinking was
that I know she was with the I forget
everyone's name was the tribes name the
rich guy the one with the waterfall the
war barrel I'd love the war boys not the
war boys but what was that area called
re oh I can't run whatever is that she
was with them from a young age
right yeah and so I thought they gave
her the name furiosa because it was her
job to protect fury road or something of
that ilk and I was like okay that's why
she's called furiosa but then it gets to
like the old ladies who knew her as a
very young child like furiosa oh no
that's just her name I thought I thought
the other guy gave her that name her
name is Furio son she just happened to
be the protector of fury road that's
kind of dumb that's fine it's an
appropriate thumb for Mad Max which is
appropriately a great dumb movie Lord
humungus yes that's the villain in the
second yes his name is Laura humongous
master blasters master BMG oh no no no
disrespect to goofy names
it was just what it was just because her
name is furiosa look at them bat abs ha
ha ha
damn girls the costume it's not her
actual ass oh damn girl you'd be doing
some planks guy like that bad girl
planks are the weirdest thing because I
feel like there shouldn't be any been
anything beneficial about just just
standing there not standing there but
just staying in one position but that's
the hard part that's the greatest it's
terrible I shake when I do them because
it uses muscles and I don't use muscles
no yeah not often I guess that's our
furo discussion trigger now I only sell
at one time I wanted to go back and see
it again and I never got a chance to so
does anybody in the chat have a fury
road question what's that's worth
talking about
what's your feet what's your fear your
own question him Oh Manny as I close up
yep gonna get a peek at badass
no that was the worst I mean listen I
didn't say I had a lot I decided I was
gonna open it up to spoiler discussions
I didn't say was a good discussion I
will say I'm a little cuz I know there's
talk of doing more now yeah even though
this wasn't a huge hit here I guess like
overall like they made money they made
money yeah yeah it's like I kind of wish
this was it yeah like he came back like
as Beyond Thunderdome was not the
greatest yeah and now he made this like
fantastic movie like one of the best
action movies ever like and now I wish
it was just done yeah as a part of me
wants to see more movies in this
universe because I liked it so much but
at the same time it's like you know
leave on a leave on a high note I kind
of you know part of me doesn't want to
see anymore yeah you know if it's made
equally well I'm okay with it
sure sure but it's like I don't know
something about this feels so special
like it's so neat to come back and make
something like this that's so great and
I don't know it's tricky it's like a
part of me wants to see more because I
liked it so much but at the same time
like end on a high note I did I want an
entire movie with those uh with those
swamp creatures that walk down low the
only scene literally one shot but it's
so great oh I was so fucking sold on
those guys those were creepy as hell
swamp walkers I love that idea that's
like it's like world building like we
see him in one shot but it's like we get
such a sense of what that yeah what
their environment is like yes I knew it
exactly what I was seeing and I just
wanted more of that yes yeah oh ah uh
yeah
there's an answer to that question tired
and sad here's my question would Mad Max
4 have been better with Mel Gibson no no
no no no I really like Tom Hardy in that
movie mm-hmm like it's a different kind
of Mad Max but it's perfect for that
movie dad what's the what's the button
to stop and spend yourself on my
launcher Jack I don't remember Oh
probably says I love to pay attention
once let me tell you the number of times
I've used the line launcher 0r1 all
right zero is the number of times I've
used the line launcher in bed so I have
this thing I've never used it because I
don't need to like really in this you do
some of the other games you need to shit
while in night in night I didn't use it
at once no Tom Hardy played it perfectly
yeah which is a big dumb man how I a big
dumb scared and confused man I like that
he's a little more crazy than the Mel
Gibson Mad Max yeah he has these visions
of you know that was a bit higher yeah
yeah exactly like I liked his version of
that character mmm him being haunted was
the best fucking yeah yeah it's great
yeah and how simply they they set that
all up all through visual cues mm-hmm
absolutely
they little there's a little voiceover
at the beginning right I'm trying to get
I'm trying to time all the time are they
living on the dead Oh a programmer
programmed to be yeah how come you
didn't have to get through the obstacles
that I had to get through
ah here's Harley classic Harley it's
weird seeing classic Harley with new bad
girl in new Robin but no it's fine I
like him cuz he get classic Harley yeah
she looks weird actually
in the catsuit she's she's like standing
all funny
yet I think what I did art no no I just
keep fucking up the the blade dodge okay
is Harley Quinn the most cosplay
character hahaha early early fairly okay
fairly easy and for one if you're woman
who wants cosplay you don't have to like
show your tits and ass to do it that's
true
you can keep your modesty and still be a
character that is bluffed yeah yeah I
feel like every every convention has
like a thousand Harley Quinn's yeah uh
Harley I would say Chumley is probably
pretty high up there some mortal combat
clothes that Street fight Street fire
blue dress big thighs yeah yeah um
trying to think of like big cosplay yeah
I mean Harley's I feel like Harley hood
has got to be the biggest possibly this
is me fight I think it's cuz it's like a
fun looking character uh-huh
well and you know you could you can play
with you if you want to show some tips
you can you know you don't have to
there's variations lots and lots of
variations you could have some fun with
it
and it is also incredibly hot that's
true
I bet Poison Ivy's up there too just
just from the sheer amount of variations
that you can do it poison ivy
plants everywhere or nowhere it's
probably the only time in the series
there's been an actual fistfight with
the Joker who wasn't some kind of weird
monster version of the Joker oh okay oh
my god did Robin just choked out Harley
that is not politically correct
Lara Croft is probably up there yeah
motocross is probably up there Slave
Leia is definitely all lately is a big
one yet there you guys go you guys are
getting him Joker is one of the most
cause played for men I would yeah I
would absolutely believe that look happy
riches I wish ever felt rich you got too
happy you just wanted to look at the
Joker you weren't dodging him
has anyone ever cosplay Taz Ernests
dollar mist movies somebody's cosplay
does mr. blinken so I'm gonna say yes
and it's not weiners get out yes here's
the question has anybody ever attempted
Vern there's no way to do hey that's my
joke I know I get it but that's
impossible that's beyond impossible
storm troopers yes everyone cosplays as
storm troopers or sexy storm troopers oh
sure I know oh fuck oh did you lose ID I
got died oh um yes I also know of this
one guy that cosplay does George Lucas
oh that was George Lucas oh no it wasn't
like that wasn't cosplay no that was a
performance that was yes that was
business oh it's different you know
what's cosplay is business for some you
know what I have like eight people want
to take a picture of them punching me
really multiple people not just one
multiple rave yeah did you let him oh
yeah are you choking me punching me
kicking me oh sure sure sure
oh that's really funny
what about sexy earnest sexy earnest you
can do that like it with Ernest goes to
camp sexy camper outfit well no we're
just wears the same outfit in every
movie though so is the gray long-sleeve
shirt with the denim vest and the denim
pants denim like oh yeah the denim denim
vest okay so someone get on the sex get
Ernest cut the 1% of people that are
watching the stream that are female
yeah it's now you have a project which
is to go to a convention dressed as sexy
Ernest I'm about to break a Google
because here's a sexy Ernest I'm gonna
rule 34 oh don't do it don't no don't
that's one that doesn't exist right I
bet it does that reading does that
breaks the rule it exists as a joke hold
on I'm checking right now I don't know
of anyone ever has cosplay - sexy Ernest
I'm rule 34 Inge Ernest your perversion
is getting me distracted and killed it's
not perversion it's curiosity there's a
difference there's nothing more
distracting than somebody talking about
sexy Ernest okay I'm doing it okay I
don't want to like I don't want to see
sexy nervous for any sort of like
titillation I'm just curious because
it's such a fucking weird thing for some
reason that took me to a lyft app I
think that's just a regular porn website
that's the problem when you look for
this stuff you always end up an actual
porn what the fuck is this this is Mouse
porn is there like an Ernest Mouse
cartoon here oh my god see these are the
things I don't want to know what's
Ernests last name Ernest P world
Ernest P Worrell rule 34 this is what's
gonna break the rule this is it right
here
there is no Ernest P Worrell 34 no there
might be rule 34 Ernest P Worrell ah
know what you find
it's you know what it's not as bad as
you would think okay it's not as bad as
you would think but it exists
okay it looks like it's more done as a
joke thing but that's fine but you know
what that rule 34 sure does exist uh
hold on I need to clear my cookies take
a Harley hostage Oh
it's a SAP of God there's awful things
now on my own oh there we go okay now I
went down speaking of earnest I went
down a like a Google rabbit hole
recently because I watched every watched
killer Klowns from outer space ever seen
that movie okay yeah yeah it's great
um but I rewatched it I hadn't seen it
for ever with um with a Bobcat
Goldthwait no no your that's Shakespeare
cloud no killer co-starred our space
totally different okay I'm with like be
moved like 50s b-movie homage with these
killer clowns okay but it was directed
by the Chiodo brothers who also did the
visual effects that's more what they're
known for like they created the critters
and critters okay um and so I was
looking up information on that movie and
I clicked on the Chiodo brothers and I
went down all these things and I
discovered uh you know the famous
internet troll face you know the the
meme that's just like it yeah yeah the
face I just made the face good that the
the the the start of that came from
Ernest scared stupid because there's a
troll in that movie yes and that
remember that that troll was created by
the Chiodo brothers who also created the
killer clowns in killer clowns from
outer space and that face is not the
troll from Ernest scared stupid it's at
one point in the movie Ernest like makes
fun of the troll he calls it booger lips
or something and you know it says like
laugh is like what's this laughs how did
Ernest laugh he had like a specific
thing that I don't remember but you do
like the smug face so the troll face is
like a caricature of Ernest from Ernest
scared stupid really and that's or it
started from huh I had no idea that's I
read trust I'm sure people a decade
younger than us probably already know
that but I just discovered that and it
was interesting to me well there you go
all because I was looking up for
information on killer clowns remember
John you are free room miss Jack I think
I'm done with the story mode
oh okay oh hold on wait that we need a
time yeah okay so we started streaming
at 8:30 yeah it is now ten after ten is
the bad and then terrible not terrible
so so what is that hour and a little
over hour and a half some of this cost
individually right now cost $40 and it's
not worth $40 that's not worth $40 Oh
that balloon that's a reference to the
Tim Burton movie probably no it is the
balloon is that the exact one the face
is the same yeah let's see if we can get
on top of it I'm 90% sure Batgirl
no no no no no no bad girl say I know
now right right now not worth it but Oh
where's my crap appliance there go let's
go take a look at this balloon well oh
oh you fucker in there converting and
you're not and it's similar enough that
it's it's it's it's referencing worthy
yeah that that's totally one of the
balloons at the end of the Tim Burton
Batman when we hit let's get on top of
it
can you apparently not Oh abort oh god
grapple booze no grapple boost I want to
get on top of it now can I grapple up no
can I grapple on that thing where can I
grapple can I grapple Snapple
she doesn't even do a good diet no
grandpa boost oh I suppose you're in
like a tight a tight area speaking a
tight area
oh yeah dad of them as a dumb dude it's
not like this is a huge open world
no no um Jay is right about what I'm
sure there's more face probably oh great
I discovered that information on the
internet so I know it's true
Oh Jay Jay's right Jack it's the same
balloon okay that's alright yeah thought
so that's neat I know let Tim Burton
movie I think I know when I was 10 years
old I saw that more than any other movie
ever watched it over and over
sure sure let's see what else we got
with the UH it's not a great movie
in retrospect but I loved it as a kid
cowboy it has many flaws many many flaws
yes an equal number of flaws to the
Schumacher ones but it has a youngster
yeah yeah those are the worst those are
the worst things those humic are ones
those those are the worst but this what
I was they have an equal number of flaws
but the jefes the Burton ones have a
style that carries over the flaws it
carries you through the flaws but the
flaws are there the Schumacher movies
are like a living nightmare you know
they're its own thing other extras ooh I
got concept art and that Richard should
we try one of the one of the two Oh
months you what what we we have 78 AR
challenges now apparently there was you
want do you want
what are these days
these are not the combat challenges
these are different oh well there are
combat challenges there's four of them
there's four home rich let me try let me
try this one Batman and Nightwing got
them mates is that wing there's a
Nightwing comic right yeah was that like
Robin all grown up or something yeah
there's there's been multiple Robins
yeah the Robin you are familiar with
most likely is Nightwing that's
decreasing question yes he's all grown
up now and he protects a kind of a
suburb not a suburb he protects a
different area of Gotham called
Bludhaven okay this is suburb this dead
of summer it's like it's like it's like
um Kankakee what's the it's only at
Joliet Chicago
it's like River west to Milwaukee it's
like a neighborhood of Gotham I don't
know what I'm doing supposed to be doing
I'm just fighting dudes and hoping I
don't get hit I could I can only assume
you don't want to get in hello
great oh how do you throw people again
oh like that it tells you at the bottom
of the screen
oh no I want to pick up stuff how do you
pick up stuff again I like that okay I
did always use a bat I'm Batman
you'd get it I always use a bet
cuz I'm Batman and the robots to it
because apparently that's also Batman is
that Batman I gotta say that Batman
versus Superman like the full trailer
like I'm no face on the movie being good
but that trailer like made it look
slightly more interesting than the
teaser slightly I have no faith in the
movie oh yeah I've it looked at right
I still don't give a shit yeah I just
hated the the the Mark Kent speech where
he's like help him or don't help him
whatever that was that was literally all
of it it was similar to the there's that
part in the Man of Steel movie were
coming Costner's like isn't he like
should I have helped those people he's
like maybe not it's like the same thing
like this moral ambiguity where they
can't decide on what they want to do
with the characters so just help over
not whatever you know maybe you should
or maybe you shouldn't I don't know like
that's that's kind of the fun part of
the like original Superman movie is like
jor-el is like you need to be the
bastion of hope for the Earthlings you
need to be the good show them how good
they can be
it's like oh that's where he gets his
moral grounding up I need a Kevin
Costner like maybe we should just let
him die oh maybe not yeah baby I don't
know I can't just be like I don't
fucking care
why don't you do whatever the fuck you
want have you noticed that you're
fucking Superman
I got a pioneer fuck you Kevin Costner's
dead surprise I'm told so many different
ways and version I was kind of liked was
where he got his moral grounding from
mine podcast right yeah that's a nice
way to do it yeah that's that's what
they did on Smallville he he could to
have been a horrible alien dictator
yeah able to throw his weight around but
he was raised by good a decent farm
forward yeah and they
a they taught him right that was the
Smallville twist yes that he was he was
sent to earth kind of as a to rule over
it but Mon pock hence the Duke that's
that one juice boys small if that
Smallville they're ripping that off from
Man of Steel the the 80s reboot that
post-crisis oh yeah and that could be
but that's not you know I watch small
melon that's what they did and it was
that was a fun way to do it that one of
the Duke boys was his dad I forget his
name
well the Duke boys the Dukes of Hazzard
Oh on Smallville Oh his dad on
Smallville that was it
that was the challenge yeah oh they
don't really have a challenge mode and
those Oh apparently I click to retry I
didn't want to do that yep I oh I
thought it would be like a series of
challenges all I know they don't do that
like it would be like fun I guess as
expected that to be fun uh they saw the
fun later oh oh they do
oh that's great fun comes separately
$5.99 a pop well $40 I paid $40 season
pass okay what a fucking ripoff no it's
gonna be hysterical
if after all some done and they start
released these things individually yeah
you can get it all for less than forty
that would be hysterical so no now after
playing the Barbara Gordon story
we got Barbara Gordon and I think we got
some some new outfits how much how much
are they going to sell that for they're
gonna sell that for not how much they
should how much are they going that's
what I'm playing this my head they're
gonna sell that for twelve you think
$12.99 $12.99 $12.99 don't look at me I
have no idea how we're talking I thought
you're just gonna throw it a random
number oh seven seven okay or seven no
sevens sevens a costume I mean I mean
we're not 12 there you go 7s Batman gets
five new shirts Ryan
you know what Jesse Eisenberg as Lex
Luthor is weird yeah yeah his hair looks
stupid his hair nothing is supposed to
be an intentional wig because he's bald
or whatever but it looks dumb
it looks van I mean I like Jesse
Eisenberg like I'm in a social network
but he doesn't look right for Lex Luthor
no class if this isn't Lex Luthor
anymore this isn't your daddy's Lex
Luthor this is some dumb shit now
however it's supposed to be dumb you
know when it comes to every single DC
character just look to the animated
series if you want a fun version of that
character right either Superman the
animated series of Batman is depending
on has no place in the DC Cinematic
Universe though rich fun is completely
absent but Superman the animated series
had a great time Lex Luthor great let's
look great Lex Luthor yeah yeah you know
it's I the thing I like about the new
trailer I mean it's gonna be awful the
movies gonna be awful let's just get
that out of it
the same people are making it yeah it's
gonna be awful yep the thing I did like
about it is that it does address the big
problem of Man of Steel which is he
spends all the movie destroying
everything right and so then this movie
is about the repercussions of him
destroying everything although I have a
feeling that there will be no
repercussions for him and destroying
everything
no beside be a setup for Batman and
Superman punching each other in the face
you have 90 minutes you know which is
which is fine I guess God or whatever or
whatever it's gonna suck so much it's
playing me playing devil's advocate
really so much money
most of the destruction is Zod's fault
is it though he's the one that I
remember Superman just like throwing him
into building ah yes well let's see
analyst Lee the he completely leveled
Smallville 30 all right in Metropolis
like 30 buildings good leveled yeah
Superman only demolished like 400 that's
all yeah he only killed a
you a hundred civilians and then he
kisses LOI Lois Lane while their ashes
are raining well yeah well the ashes of
dead bodies I mean that was just the
most horrifying thing I ever seen yeah
it's awful
oh they're saying that the the lexo
three talked about his play by Clancy
Brown Oh classy Browns great Clancy
Brown was the Kurgan and Highlander
which is the movie I don't like but he's
in it oh um but he's done tons of stuff
he's on Carnival which Lux on Thursday
he does the the voice the voice the
animator okay oh yeah he does the voice
of he's great in Pet Sematary - starring
Edward Furlong um he has a great voice
Clancy Brown is often the best part of
bad things okay
he's the Cameron Mitchell of his
generation yes great
no Clinton Browns great okay he has a
great voice he's a great Lex Luthor boy
he's yeah he's a very uh like deep
intimidating voice he's he has the
definitive Lex Luthor I didn't know he
did animated work that's great in which
all other Lex Luthor voices are judged
against and so Jesse Eisenberg compared
to Clancy Brown doesn't quite match up
uh so it's like I I like what they're
going what they're going for which is
like you destroyed everything now I need
to be held accountable yeah
but knowing Zack Snyder and knowing the
production team behind it the writers
what's going to happen is is nothing
yeah there's no repercussions for that
it's just a setup for more poor punching
more destruction and they'll be more
punching and more destruction and no
resolution no character building it's
it's told right there in the trailer ma
Kent going you don't owe him anything do
something or whatever there's no
character there yeah unless like the US
government and the court systems do
decree it's Superman's fault but they
just can't do anything about it cuz how
do you how do you capture Superman yeah
if it was my Superman he would willingly
go to jail this is true but this is
because the man man is
this is monster murder man yeah well
that's the thing is like it looks like
with the new one they're following up on
that in a way that makes sense in the
end the the sense that's like this guy
is like a horrible monster that can kill
us all in an instant right
that's scary it looks like they're
following through on that in this one
but that's not what I want
in Superman if you make it ugh like a
generic superhero that's that's an
interesting concept if you tell it from
the human's point of view yeah no
nothing where they would throw this guy
in jail but they just don't know how do
they a can't
so Hancock I haven't seen it is like a
combat place before laughs so doesn't
that Hancock no no it's serious yeah
yeah it's it's basically that where he's
a superhero but he's an alcoholic the
promise there are no relatable humans in
Man of Steel there are no new characters
to get a shit about oh well now we get a
relatable human we get a billionaire
who's socially awkward and drives the
tank
it just looks grumpy all the time we
have a grumpy human yeah so are there
more tanks does the Batmobile gonna be a
tank from now on yeah
it's a tank Oh God cuz he has to fix it
he also has an Iron Man suit we need to
figure out something to play I don't
really need to because we can just keep
talking about Superman good
we just need something in the background
basic people just like our podcast okay
I have something to do in the background
then hold on I'll do something in the
background oh okay I will just talk
about I think I need to download it
though so give me a moment oh my god oh
I can't tell oh well can i I don't know
you know I don't ever you want ma'am
thanks MA Kent
