DOOMED (Part 3)
May 18, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rLdKIukgxTo

it was it approximately three minutes of
three minutes you wanted I said I so
it's been apparently four minutes since
I said we're gonna start in about three
minutes why would you say that well cuz
we were drip we were just about ready
everything was set up and then you just
had to click a button okay okay so I I
felt comfortable in my three minutes so
what's the wings I finished this games I
started an owner one do you want to
start another one or do you want to go
back to game slot one and just start
like started a later level uh what does
what does everyone want to see do people
want to see later level I think people
wanna see I if I if I you know we
watched the early levels before where
are we going we didn't finish this one
oh yeah yeah okay then we're done
halfway through this one
I forget I forget where were you well
then did I hand the controller to you
what are we in there I just have no
basically we did not we did not get the
hell and that's well just go to hell
then start right at he'll go to hell
guys this is terrible lady in here yes
it's terrible lighting we need we need
some light in here in order to make the
green screen work I am sorry for anyone
who experiences motion sickness during
this it does happen it does happen
motion sickness does I've gotten over it
can't get good you just you guys can you
get your stomach good it's very
different when you're watching someone
else play like I have trouble watching
you play like I could play and be fine
but oh my god I've got nineteen fucking
tokens I haven't spent
does the game explain what resources one
exploits from hell I it's just a it's a
very vague the energy hell energy hell
energy and it's it's very vague its
unobtainium I'm gonna do my makeshift
tab key bullshit because you can't
rebind tab which is dumb that is dumb
I should just teach myself to use WASD
just for the fucking convenience the
number pad works fine I like the nice
even grid yeah but every now and then
you run into shit like that like
something you can't find for no good
reason
yeah yeah you should be able to rebind
everything that should be a blanket
thing oh no I can't see the chant tired
and sad no we I I can only assume Rich's
not seen it I haven't seen the new
Ghostbusters trailer I don't give a shit
nobody gives a shit nobody gives a shit
anymore it's it's done already now let's
see here the riddle of Steel says Chad
has been having this conversation help
us movie gods we know there are some
good remakes like John Carpenter's The
Thing are there any good remakes of
films originally released in the 80s
remakes yours
here's the problem with with 80s remakes
they're not remaking the shitty 80
movies that could be done better
like I know a lot of people love it but
you could probably do Remo Williams
better you can remake like a Remo
Williams you don't remake ghostbusters
which is a perfect comedy film with
all-time great comedic actors doing
career-defining performances you don't
make Citizen Kane you remake the thing
from another world which was a schlocky
fifties b-movie like Ultima this is
beast Mathieu remake these you remake
Beastmaster that's the movie you remake
absolutely you want to make the movie
that you can do better
yeah you don't remake something that's
utterly perfect like Robocop
or Total Recall yeah it's like think
about if you think about any successful
remake they usually pull from generally
obscure sources and then you know find a
way to make it better
the question is has there been a good
remake based on a movie that was already
really good and beloved that's the
question has this ever happened
beloved beloved a movie like in a
Ghostbusters caliber were they remade it
and it was as good or better has that
ever happened I think this all started
they were talking a little bit about
Evil Dead and the Evil Dead remake
completely forgotten already oh yeah
yeah but you know what Evil Dead the
remake wasn't a bad movie well the first
one I wouldn't say it's a perfect movie
oh god no the first one the first one is
awful the one you love the one you don't
remake is evil 10th right right right
right um
Mad Max fury road is not a remake that
is a sequel it doesn't count it's a
sequel and it's made by the same people
the original does not count Tron is a
sequel does not count
and it's debatable whether or not it's
as good and I wouldn't call tron a
perfect movie anyway
oh god no that is flawed oh god both
both Tron's in fact suffer from the
exact same problem trotta's Tron the
first one well-meaning and and saved by
Lloyd Bridges they're different I met
Jeff Lloyd Bridges in that role would be
a very different very different movie
yes and I kind of want to see that movie
no the movie is saved by visuals along
the story mr. Grey's not that great when
it for video that he blow up I guess the
music still going I think what we've
learned is I can't play and talk at the
same time that's all right
I do hear very good things about about
the new jungle book movie based off of a
beloved cartoon you know I have not seen
the new jungle book movie
let's see you TNG after-dark says hey
guys hope you're enjoying yourselves as
much as I am quick question what are
your favorite live musical acts PS will
you guys be playing fan mein BAPS
tonight yes thank you for reminding us
team G after dark if you've made a map
or if there's a fun map that you've
played to have it prepared I we don't
know how to do that yet but we are gonna
look into playing playing around with
the custom maps rich is warming up right
now basically more inhale oh yeah
whenever you're ready to take a break
they say they can't hear any game audio
okay which is important
damnit oh I'm just not in the groove
yeah it takes a while to get into the
groove that's alright I feel like I feel
like polygons you feel like a polygon
like I'm polygons
what's polygons they people had the bad
playthrough of doom oh yeah you were
telling about that I remember I'm a
member I'm a member of things that's a
good yeah what it specifically in this
doom right so what's what's your
favorite demon all the revenant
I like the hell light I like the berms
of hell the revenants are cool walk in
I'll tell you what skeletons with
jetpacks I mean come on
yeah what do you know what else do you
want with ask ah the imps are just great
is there a great cannon fodder enemy it
feels good to shoot him yeah I do really
like the The Barrens the hell are the
Satan looking ones right okay just
classic just giant Satan looking
monsters that you get to shoot with a
shotgun what else could you want again
I'll say that the manky buses oh the big
fatso
they're just so ineffective I like the
look hahahaha they need to shoot more or
something I don't know
oh and see they got me a lot especially
with their Splash Damage like the the
toxic men cubish right there that should
be did I already have them unlocked what
the the mastery for the the that I'll
call it a railgun but it's basically the
railgun right this thing hard maybe I
already hit it
oh well no big deal it seems yesterday
key right we completely forgot to talk
about it favorite live musical acts well
he we got distracted
we got often happens
I usually don't bother with live music
I'm not a huge music guy in the first
place I've seen Weird Al though alive
and he put on a neat concert that's all
that's all that matters I I've seen too
I've seen a lot of live music and I
enjoy live music usually more than
recording music especially when it's
kind of a smaller band and they're still
figuring their sound out sometimes you
can catch that one show that they really
fucking nail there's this band they're a
surf rock trio out of Minneapolis called
the blind Sheikh and these fuckers put
on one of the greatest live shows you
will ever see it is just like 45 minutes
of non-stop dancing to surf rock music
by three guys who all dress in all black
track suits and I'll have shaved heads
that it's crazy the blind Sheikh really
amazing band I am a hipster fuck you
guys know I'm a hipster fuck it no well
it's it's different like you go to see
you go to see like the Foo Fighters
right now a huge polished band in a big
arena that is probably not going to
sound as good as a Foo Fighters record
so we're getting no game set we're
getting no game sound if you could turn
the game audio up please I don't want
it's not working at all let's see what
do we have here that's weird
I click on the little gear what were you
having this problem the other day
properties maybe instead of default no
there should be two phone ok I should be
let's try that once that's 14 what
happens what are you doing over there we
go there we go all right well now you
have to turn it down though it's
probably pretty loud is it longer than
us no but it's close
you're doing yeah you're in do wait wait
let's I just want to see it and when you
go back to do all tap out again snapchat
code maybe a little lower let's see
we'll see what were the actual names
like what what what maybe maybe just a
little bit lower this is the section of
the game where the demons talk about how
badass you are
yep that is great yeah okay okay so I
don't know like it's I guess what I'm
saying is it's it's it's more fun to me
when you see a band and you have the
ability to talk to them afterwards how
often do you talk to the band after the
concert how often does that happen well
this is what I'm saying we go there it's
a shittier version of the music and it's
too loud when you go to when you go to a
big concert that is true you go to a
small concert when the band sells their
own merchandise after the show it's
awesome
did you know a little-little show you
get up close and personal you get to see
really great shows I've seen a lot of
really great shows that way what demon
is worse in comparison to its original
counterpart well like I said the Macky
but
isn't as fun they seem so ineffective
they never hit me and they just absorb
bullets until they die yeah Cacodemons
are really annoying because there are
super super aggressive bullet sponges
yes yes they are they will they will be
right on your ass and see until they die
oh you know who else puts on a lot a
good live show there's this band called
gospel gossip
they're like dreamy prog rock it sounds
like a terrible name gospel gossip it's
great name they ever they put on a
really great live show I've also gone to
see the Barenaked Ladies several times
pinky pinky is my I hate that one oh
yeah yeah they're pretty bad the pugs
the demon pugs fuck those guys
yeah I like barenaked ladies I like that
I like the burning keep accidentally
hitting the change gun mod buttery it's
a little bit annoying let's see here hey
guys first time watching live in a
really long time I saw Jack I saw Jack
has armello in his Steam library I hope
you get a chance to play it it's a lot
of fun yes I got that on sale it is it
looks to be a great fun it's it's like a
digital board game there's deck building
elements it it looks very neat it's on
my list of things to play there she's
bad I want to play it's on my list of
things to play that's that's I want to
come over if I have a million yeah you
guys know you lazy they they used to be
a fine band I haven't heard them in a
long time like I don't know if they even
put out new albums anymore bother okay
the surf rock band it was called the
blind to shake why am I not using my
chain gun right and they're like they're
like surf punk
they're great haven't oh my God look at
that upgrade that's cool three spinners
that's great okay I dip adieu we're
we're yes are Mela I'm looking forward
to it
thanks for doing me doom doom says
gobbledygook so please sing it again
jack also there's a new game on the Xbox
one you should check it out it's called
DC Universe Online and it's free you
fucks it's on the Xbox one now
Titans head says what are your guys
thoughts on Warner Brothers bringing in
Jeff Jones to oversee the newly created
DC film division rich I don't really
have strong thoughts on the matter great
I appreciate that yeah it's just it's
it's further proof that they know they
they done fucked up
date on fucked up and they know it
scramble scramble we're going to be
we're going to be director focused movie
studio we're gonna give the directors
all the control but now we're hiring a
producer to oversee all the directors
because that's apparently what works
Geoff Johns also spearheaded the Green
Lantern movie oh well they know what
they're doing don't know put the put the
spicy meet the ball on it's great that's
great
doot-doot-doot to do the riddle of seal
says did you play Wolfenstein the new
order oh fuck I thought I made that it's
a lot like this it revives the old
legendary shooter for modern times it's
actually a great to singleplayer FPS
rich I have it I need to get around two
heads on my list summer lists 9000 games
yep Jim Lee and Jeff Jones they're the
ones fucking up the comic division great
I'm sure they'll think of more bullshit
ways to spin to spin crappy movies play
is just a spot for the fans that's the
thing beer my sermon like I think Marvel
takes the time to find quality directors
then obviously like they guide the
directors did you see that thing going
off on a little bit of a Marvel thing
apparently early on in the in the
development of Iron Man 3 a note came
down from not from Fei Jie but from some
Marvel Disney suit yeah saying they had
to change the villain they didn't want
the villain to be a girl because girl
toys don't Sally here's the thing
do they we're talking about what the
young boys by little girl action figures
that lacks figures of girls here
here's my question who bought the boy
it's a dumb reason to make a decision in
a movie
maybe who but who bought the who bought
the guy Pierce action figure
they didn't actually end up making one
I'm not saying welcome I'm not saying
it's the right thing I am saying it
might actually be a thing that makes
business sense or it could be a a
self-fulfilling prophecy
maybe maybe these companies have
historically not made toys for girls and
so girls don't buy the toys that they
make for boys so now we know that both
only boys buy these so we should only
make ones for boys which means only boys
but you know he's dumped evening jets
since graphic military I've been
catching up on recent streams great job
with that bomb on the plane true
cinematic moment that's true doom
is it is it sad that watching this is
more fun than the movie with the rock
yes like event horizon is the real doom
movie well if they had like a thousand
percent more guns
let's see here ass bandit 92 says Jack
are using gang busters to mean a bad
thing on purpose doesn't coming on like
gangbusters supposed to mean that it's
outstandingly excellent are successful
yes gang busters was the successful
what was it breaking up the Mafia or I'm
not sure I think it was the FBI breaking
slang it means good in slang if
something is gang busters we're doing
gangbusters we're doing great business
yeah we're doing very well so I try to
always use that in correct terms if I'm
if I used it incorrectly I apologize but
when did I use it did I use it today I
use it all the time I say things are
gangbusters all the time
Cacodemons girl get up there you dummy a
kid you dump doom guy you are the tombs
yeah yeah what's coming in
let's see here
is there a pain are there pain
elementals in this game no there were
dumb enemy to begin with what a pain you
know Cacodemons that shootout lost souls
oh never really cared for him
they weren't fun to fight they were just
annoying the world is better off without
them
let's see here
a tired tired and sad since I was a fan
of red letter media when they played
smaller venues before they started
playing arenas thanks tired and sad I do
not apologize for my slight hipster like
qualities I like the things I like you
fuck off
justice Gallo says I found a great
mobile game crash-lands five dollars one
time no I ap in-app purchases it's a
real game and I love it a bit of
crafting resource gathering super fun
combat that works with touch everyone
needs to know well there you go
crash that five dollars but you a crash
lands promo
rich riches stopped reading comics I I
keep trying to get into I recently read
sex criminals I think cuz you guys
recommended it as a non superhero comic
or maybe you recommended it did you ever
hit sex criminals is the comic where a
girl discovers that every time she
orgasms she can stop time and then meets
a man who also has the same power and so
if they have sex together time will stop
but they can move freely through it and
so then they rob banks well how does she
know time only when they orgasm together
this time stop know when either of them
orgasm separately
oh crap time stops and why do they have
to have sex together so they can rob a
bank together and they just lot also
like having sex with each other
but what guarantees they're gonna orgasm
at the same time if they have sex
together nothing no of course not but
you know what you've probably work out
the timing you got to work out the
timing what I was probably gonna start
like like a fraction of a second before
the other and that just throws the whole
plan out the window jam yeah this whole
thing is flawed
oh darn I guess they'll have to practice
more I think that's just the line he's
feeding her yep no I'm here to get this
right honey
gotta get this right gotta get this
right no you know what it's not the
greatest it ends on a really dumb note
as well but it was interesting and it
had some some fun art and some it had
some good ideas but alright that works
too yes sex criminals would be a great
Edgar Wright movie if it was adapted he
would he would do some fun things there
kind of trying to read more
non-superhero comics and that was
suggested to me Oh Casper has a good
strategy for you right yeah he says what
you need to do is try hitting the demon
with the bullets yeah
yeah and he thinks that you'll be more
successful this is my ideal setup for
playing the game so I'm gonna help I've
got giant fluorescent bulbs over my head
and and the screen just looks terrible
yeah yeah
good comic Yojimbo the samurai bunny oh
yeah yes we are in hell Casper no we no
longer do 48 hour film projects they're
fun say it'll never happen again
no there they are a lot of fun and it's
it's it's always a really great excuse
to make something but you know I guess
I'm gonna find how we do it all the time
kick girl V says hey Jack and rich today
is my birthday happy birthday happy
birthday kick Ralphy my only wish this
year is to hear you say happy birthday
in your sunny bombs and his lazy partner
Keith's voices love you guys so much
keep up the good work surname this is
kick girl V happy birthday kick girl V
what kind of name is that are you a
prostitute dad to run you in
oh um you know my wife I'm sorry son no
I was I was in the other room Sonny I
what was going on I was just in the
other room not not a collaborate and
they're helping you at all is this
something I can just go back and sit
down DISA paperwork that's what you're
good for you good for the paperwork you
make the problems go away after I shoot
the brown people
that's all you that's that's all you
need to do I'm really good at looking
the other way when when you horribly
murder innocent people that's part of my
job as your pod
Wahb Drex says why doesn't what rich
quietly squeak before he says something
or laughs no hate I'm pretty cute
that's his programming booting up why do
you suck yeah you ever think about that
it's really something you need to you
need to figure out for you Oh blow John
explosion are you guys both in
tomorrow's best of the worst is it
coming out tomorrow I know that's our
usual joke but that's very possible it's
quite possible it's coming out tomorrow
no idea hey you already have oh that's
right you're replaying this level memo
should get some ammo for them and
imagine oh yeah I was just wondering why
I was doing me the animation oh but
that's where you get it I jumped off a
cliff cuz I was talking about birthdays
I'm not paying attention to what I'm
doing nah way to go yeah it's all fine
that's what the patreon patreon Oh is
that well if that's what the patreon
email says I believe that I believe that
Jack check out Wolverine
snikt is it a comic is it a manga nobody
knows for sure it's an unofficial Marvel
thing that was made by a Japanese guy in
Japan who makes really weird dark sci-fi
mangas I want to say I read that back in
the day there was a series that Marvel
was doing what the fuck was that what
that was the controller of vibrating all
right there was snikt there was a there
was a spider-man type manga where he was
a little kid and instead of like having
superpowers he was like running away
from this or becoming the leader of the
spider clan
there was a series what yeah it was it
was it was very strange and might have
read snikt
there is a controller plugged in I can
only assume just in case just Jack
possibly in case I want to play rich
knows I prefer to trawlers and right
right now I'm currently editing the part
of our doom discussion in which rich
blames controllers for ruining Shores
person shooters and it's I get you know
obviously I got to keep in as much as I
can what's coherent about it because I
know rich wants that but it's tough for
me that's tough Ramirez I speak only the
truth not the steam controller a nice
functional Xbox 360 controller yeah I'm
actually really liking the Xbox one
controller if it's fits in my hands very
well that was that was a fine controller
for doom for dooming
yeah you got to double jump you're fine
teams you have to dark yes even if your
doom map is fucking awful we will play
it I think we played cave story per
stream nope bomb down there every now
maybe you have a solo stream with that
one I have never played it has never
played solo cave story anything oh yeah
so it's or maybe we just talked about it
I remember it's it's a like pixel art
Metroid like side-scrolling thing and I
remember not being terribly impressed by
it until I found out that it was
apparently like a very early oh then you
became impressed well no I thought it
was I thought it was more recent like
every indie title but they're like no
this was like the first that made it
okay to make anything okay
contact so it's good because it's aged
poorly um context it's not it's still
not good I mean it's fine that's what it
is it's fine
the first major internet indie game and
what it is is perfectly fine but then
you get a little context it's like oh
this was before like indie games were a
thing and people just did that then it
then it adds a little little flavor a
little flavor anonymous says based on
the pretty good quality of the Scott
Pilgrim movie what video game movie
might you like to see made by Edgar
Wright I first of all any I mean he's a
fine filmmaker I think he can handle
just about any property but it's got to
be fun what is the obsession with video
games in movies why is this a thing that
even needs to be people like video games
people like movies
it's peanut butter and chocolate man my
man oh they're coming together
yeah they're coming together say I
haven't seen Scott Pilgrim so oh you
haven't
well you know it should be something to
describe it Scott Pilgrim yeah you I
mean you I don't know if you would like
it it was a very video game ee like they
have like power-ups and things right
yeah well and just the way in which like
it's written and directed there's a lot
of you know like you know like how in
spider-man the the ultimate spider-man
cartoon there's all sorts of like weird
asides and little anime things there's a
lot of not anime things but stuff like
that in the Scott Pilgrim movie and that
make it very enjoyable knowing very
little about the Scott Pilgrim movie
based on what I'm hearing yeah I'm gonna
say no more heroes ooh yeah he might be
able to handle a No More Heroes that
could be fun
a Jet Set Radio movie
tell them about the P bar oh I don't
remember it's it's that's actually like
really high on my list of stuff to
rewatch cuz wrong wrong wrong power up
no I was wasted well alright look at
this guy look at him
that's so fucking classic just a big red
Satan hello that or you let Edgar Wright
make a portal movie he could he could
handle some trippy portal shit
let's see here god damn goed Emperor
hold on God Emperor nerd there it is
says trans metropolitan by Warren Ellis
is an amazing comic think hunter s
Thompson as a journalist in the far
future it's bizarre and alien at times
but the ultimate message is one you know
I that that is also on my list of things
to read we have Edgar Wright directs a
crypt of the necrodancer movie yes that
that is happening start a petition start
one of those change.org petitions it'll
happen
trans-med okay that's one don't you
think Bruce Willis in the fifth element
was pretty close to a doom Marine his
hair was anyway no no you know who is
the doom Marine Dredd and judged your
head do Marines don't talk this is true
they shoot everything that's it they see
a thing and they shoot it this is why
this is why do might not be good for a
movie Russell Crowe maybe not anymore
yeah he's a tough guy
no no sense too much of an accent really
guys doing guys totally at all American
fucker
yeah buddy I mean he wouldn't talk so
Russell Crowe could do it beer you know
he wouldn't talk that much which Judge
Dredd movie are you talking about dread
the the good one I mean I guess they're
both amazing in their own way but I'm
talking dreadknot Stallone Keith Urban
Karl Urban have either of you seen John
wick it's basically the most competently
produced Neill brain fill film ever no
I'm a list on my list and now they're
making a second one and Simon is too
everything's on my lists no time no
fucking time rich says tortured biscuit
do you feel the power of Christ flowing
through you as you tear through the
hordes of Satan's minions running fresh
for the ship do you think this is quite
possibly the most Catholic video game
ever made
the entire point of this game is to
destroy demons is to destroy Satan's
influence they punish the sinners
they're doing God's work yeah you got
arguably we're doing something bad
what do you mean destroying demons that
we're destroying Dean they torture
sinners that's their job
who's gonna torture the sinners now oh
oh I get it
Oh oh man right you're right we're
totally fuckin up God's plan this was
this was God's fire
God planned for horrible demons the
horrible demons punish the wicked and
now we're punishing them oh man right
all of these are fallen angels right ah
yes is it really murder if you're
murdering demons think about that for a
second there's not really much actual
evidence for Hell in the Bible that's
value I'm right and it's largely it's
largely made up just that part just
that's word Lord Belmont says I thought
or at the very least I know there's
there's not like Satan's not a thing
right Satan was like Hebrew food
adversary when Satan came up in the
Bible they weren't really talking about
like a demon from hell it was the Lord
of the Lord of all darkness that come
from none Aesop Dante
Dante's Inferno yeah yeah let's see here
finished lower balanced as I finished
before yesterday it's so damn awesome I
love it and I really like the story and
how minimalist it is your correct Lord
Belmont you are absolutely correct in
what you're saying about doomed the way
they handle storytelling in this game is
something that I've talked about before
where you never leave your character
while the story happens you you stay
doom guy you stay person perspective and
this you you know the story happens and
you get to choose how much you pay
attention to it it's a great way to
handle the story that ever been
confirmed or denied that we are the
original doom marine from the old games
may I may you know that'll be the DLC I
I find it interesting that this game
might be a flat-out d boot of a
franchise the first-ever franchise d
boot
yes very reminiscent of a half-life
storytelling half-life and half-life 2
minimal you get what you get what's
going on yeah it's great it's all great
it sounds great
you could be the first how well how did
the original doom end if you were you
stuck in hell well the original doom
ends you get back to earth earth has
overrun the demons then do to you fight
the demons that are on the earth and you
go back into hell and you kill a really
big demon that says you're going to go
back to earth to try and rebuild society
doesn't necessarily say you've made it
back to earth
sure maybe you got trapped in a
sarcophagus Plus doom 64 which that can
depend on whether or not doom 64 for the
Nintendo 64 is canon absolutely canon in
the end of doom 64 you decided to stay
in hell to fight demons so they can
never arise again which this game is
about a Breen who stays in Hell to fight
the demons so that they can never so
this is again this is a direct sequel to
doom 64 that's the running theory I love
it
I love it
I wonder if 264 was was like popular
amongst its got its fans I always
thought it was ugly huh
like everything how many things like
everything on the Nintendo 64 bit even
the sprites because it uses sprites at
least it's not like a blurry 3d mess
it's just shitty sprites right some
people love the redesigns I can't stand
them what's the chat saying about all
this doom 64 is not canon of course to
64's Canon if that's 64 n yes it makes
sense because in this game you know the
demons talk about like not being able to
defeat you so they lock you away we can
only contain hope to contain his power
the power of the doom Slayer
the marathon series by bungee know I've
never played them I've never played that
rice see cakes says have you guys ever
had a horrible diarrhea and if so was it
in a toilet or in another place
thanks love you long time and all I'm
going to do is read that question yeah
Werner no obligation to answer answer
thank you no that was terrible
okay let's see here - doc says three
terms in four he'll in the Bible
she ole a watery sleepy place kind of a
waiting room hades purgatory fire but
you but you can still get out i I could
have just been thinking of the concept
of Satan which doesn't have much
evidence for actually being a thing I
think that's what you're talking about
and and gianna fire and really really
bad so so like hell is mentioned but
yeah maybe you're right about Satan so
Tom let's see here now and I says I just
played dead rising - off the record for
the first time is it worth playing the
regular version of - after beating off
the record I have steam I don't have
Xbox probably not what's off the record
it's it's Dead Rising 2 with different
protagonist but the same map
oh yeah then definitely not unless you
really want to play as a different
protagonist - well yeah
teabag for glory do you guys ever turn
off the heads-up display in games you've
become used to no I'm not I'm not a big
anti HUD nut I don't know I don't get it
it's there for a reason it's Andy your
brain doesn't even notice it really
after a while other than just the
information it provides never turn the
HUD off you know what I did turn off is
the in the top right corner you'll see
like you're you're fighting gage and
that just tells you like how well you've
been fighting all the beans I didn't
much care for that information but know
like how many how many bullets you have
left your current health the little
display for where your next objective is
all that stuff is useful and doesn't get
in my way I did turn off that and
luckily this game gives you the options
to customize your HUD how you like it
all dead and I really like that because
I when I recorded all the gameplay
footage and a couple times like there
were some really nice shots that I
wanted but the HUD was getting away so I
could turn off the HUD and you know get
a nice shot of the scenery and then turn
it back on
mm-hm so that was really helpful for
recording gameplay I turned off the you
are here locator and Firewatch and then
I got lost
exactly beefcake you can get along just
kinda walk it the woods beefcake
you know what you were doing and you're
a jerk it was so it's like it's like you
could just walk around and enjoy the
scenery sergeant's is Colin sergeant emo
I'm looking forward to playing this game
yes it's a great game this fucking great
game fucking doom
I got hi Colin also
rich isn't going for secrets he's going
from oh yeah he's going for murder me
mom you know I guess that we could just
go to user maps now if you would like to
I don't care do you want play at all
you're working hard today you can hit
deserve a little cool yeah when that her
I'm just this isn't a bad boot earlier I
don't know why free floating bad moods
okay that's fine that's fine mildly
aggravated I had to go to the hardware
store twice I got the wrong kind of saw
thing no yep yeah that always sucks and
then you go back he probably talked to
the same guy to County uh the fuckin
fuck me all right I've just such a
fuckin Schmeck yeah last night after we
after we filmed the review I went home
and I was importing all the footage and
that takes a while cuz I also convert it
to pro res quick tip for any editors out
there even though premier can ingest any
and work natively with any video footage
if you're working with the high res the
footage and you want it to playback
smoothly I recommend Apple ProRes four
to two even the LT looks good and and it
helps cut together nicely so it doesn't
have to keep rendering so converting owl
for fuck's sake converting
he was in hell he just came back from
Richard just came back from hell you
gotta help multiple times yeah you go to
hell and back see there's the teleporter
so as I was importing the footage it
takes like an out you know we we talked
for about an hour and it takes about an
hour to just to transcode it into ProRes
bed an hour two kills like oh oh here's
what I'm gonna do just finished tomb
dude was great I could have played more
doom but it's like I'm gonna play a game
that I've just wanted to play just for
me yeah last night and I finally picked
up net wasn't doing that wasn't doom
because obviously doom was great and I
could have just played more doom but I
started playing the flame in the flood
you ain't heard of this game no it's
just been on my list of games to play
since forever and II gosh-darn is it's
well it's a it's a roguelike survival
game and you play as a little girl who
rafts down a river and then you have to
stop at these different docks and pick
up supplies and there's like a large
crafting element where you know you pick
up three saplings and two cattails and
you could turn the cattails into string
and the saplings into you know a bow and
make yourself a little bow and arrow
right that sounds great it's super
fantastic and it's uh it's also gorgeous
the art style is very striking and and
it's it's been beautiful to play I've
hated having to put it down to edit I I
may go from this to brutal doom just to
just to shake it up a little
I may just do a doom World Tour right
now maybe I'll do brutal do them and
then doom 3 was sure that'd be fun no
guys the glory that you would the glory
kills do not get old I can tell you that
they're not as frequently as you as they
are early on they
like the whole game is gonna be glory
kills but very frequently after the
early game the enemies are gypped
before you can glory kill them oh and by
the way you get to a point where you
need to glory kill them in order to get
health and ammo and you get upset when
you don't glory kill them you the glory
kills are great playing this little the
flame in the flood game and I as soon as
I'm done editing the episode or possibly
in between I'm gonna try not to play it
too much or else I'm gonna want to play
it for a long time it's this super
gorgeous game I'll probably play
downstream one of these days because
it's roguelike so we're gonna have some
fun with it but it's so much fun
Jack rich is the Titan and the new Doom
is supposed to be the boss from Doom 3
or the icon of sin from the end of doom
2 it is debatable
what was he in doom 64 was there any it
was there any sentient robots in doom 64
I just know I know a little about doom
64 I didn't play it because the sprites
are ugly as fuck but doom 2 ends with
you fighting a big thing and doom 3 are
you fighting a big thing in both me and
a bowl games you fight a giant thing
okay that could be there could be the
Titan that's referenced in this you
defeated the Titan that the demon said
to stop you oh sure okay I got you yeah
it could be anything
the mater who did brutal doom is working
on brutal doom 65 heard well there you
go let's see here anonymous says oh wait
oh no we read that one anonymous says
where is all the olivia munn and Thora
Birch smack-talk there was a third third
before birch smack-talk last stream
about her not being in someone's movie
oh yeah
is everyone feeling okay also is Mike
suicidally depressed or is that just his
schtick - Nick it's the Cystic that's
just that's just my I don't yeah I don't
even know if it's dick that's just
that's just how he is
it's fine he's fine I've heard him
giggle at least twice in my life so
he'll be fine
let's see rich do you have a hard day
sometimes because of the hardware what
I'm just kidding but seriously imagine
if you had a lightsaber in this game and
could hack off a hack off monsters and
pieces you know that'd be great you know
what I say to that what that's when I
say to that
fuck your lightsaber man who needs that
shit my geisha here's what I'm gonna say
he's gonna say if they get if they gave
you the option to have a lightsaber or a
chainsaw in this game 100% of the people
would choose a change look lightsabers
aren't metal enough for doom no no the
most hardcore Star Wars fan boy would
choose the chain so now they would no
they wouldn't there's Star Wars fan
voice like they were like they were like
they were like they were like they were
like they were like they were like they
were like they were like they were like
they were like they were like they were
like they were rich like they were like
they brew your impressions have gotten
much better I know you've been working
on
I'm your vote Gomes don't like they were
all like like neighbors like they burst
like they burst it's like I'm in the
room with with the Star Wars phonetic I
like like debrief like they birth could
we model attempt like Babe Ruth we could
probably have someone Hello Kitty can
put like they with him I hope he became
like a little kitty but now but song
like they
okay so they give you the option to have
a lightsaber or a chainsaw change
something they both do the same thing
what percentage of the of the of the
players are choosing Archer I'm shooting
demons I don't give a shit about this
nerdy Star Wars crap
okay great great you're punching a demon
in the fucking face it's all that
matters
now fine and they you were there almost
100% of Star Wars fan films are
lightsaber fights in the forest yes yes
yes my favorite my favorite keep what
here's a question would anyone care
about Star Wars if it weren't for
lightsabers does the entire fandom of
Star Wars depend upon the existence of
lightsabers spaceships are pretty cool
yeah I think they're cool those are the
things I like about stars yeah what the
what I didn't miss him oh I'm sorry I
had to kill the demon killing the demons
important like either I think there are
some other relatively cool things in the
Star Wars universe
I think the lightsabers but the other
relatively cool things and the Star Wars
universe the Star Wars fans don't give a
shit about they wake all over the force
and lightsabers yeah that's what's
covered that's what's covered with Star
Wars fan semen but but those are the
only it's not the underground smuggling
in the Hudsons spaceship spaceship space
the the force and lightsabers are the
only things unique to Star Wars the Star
Wars fans grabbed a cathartic fear could
totally be Tucker Doolittle forth
because we've got the fourth dart that
has a doom any fictional character what
about Batman he just chokes Batman both
forces on the Batman there it comes up
and says nuts Batman is actually Batman
has forced proof armor he is prepared
for the situation go to youtube and look
up Batman vs. stuff later
is there a thing go look it up right now
right now oh um this is important we'll
stop you say we'll stop for you to look
at this up is this a thing or do you not
look this up I'm going to YouTube Darth
Vader vs Batman we're gonna
have you seen this sandals sandals
dot-com sandals daddy
Oh God in it now it's time to stand up
get out of here sandals hold on I'm
gonna stand up after this stop it fellow
sandals your mic at least Jesus Christ
you're getting troubled Ryan dad I can't
turn it off because because there's a
there's a message popped up and I don't
care about that message skip skip okay
here we go Batman vs. Darth Vader this
is a this is a video I'm watching a
video I don't know this is the one I
think it is superpower beatdown
what am i watching here that's the
batwing flying in space I'm watching
Batman vs. Darth Vader's superpower beat
down a YouTube video he has to rescue
Superman who's been captured by the
eMeter jesus fucking christ
it's actually not bad look at the
production value on this is Gor this no
it looks great but the you know this is
some who made this machinima this is
some nerd wank right here
yeah that's not a bad Batman voice no
that's all like all I can think of is
like this way better than Christian
Bale's
just just the fact that he said I've
located Superman and I know he's on the
Death Star
made me
I hope we're all watching this thank you
guys I can't I can't handle this kind of
I can't
really super Mian
oh that's some pep bands that's some bad
band stuff
yes Batman has a light widest Batman
have a light saber because these are the
two most obnoxious fandoms out there
Batman could build a lightsaber of
course Batman give away that mean bull
anything if you can build it I mean I
mean I know that lightsabers are really
difficult to build and only Jedi Masters
can build them that's part of their Jedi
Master training but that Batman has a
lightsaber and he's fighting Darth Vader
and now Darth Vader is like using
hopefully I mean Darth Vader can win
this and now he just shoved Batman into
outer space where he should explode but
I'm sure he's gonna have a space suit a
bat space suit is my prediction
oh the the space bat wing was right
outside he got him that really fast
you just shot missiles at Darth Vader
can I stop watching this now you say
it's almost over okay
that's literally I'm very impressed with
the production value you should be very
impressive extremely impressed very very
good-looking it's fine it's fine I don't
like it that Batman has a lightsaber
yeah yeah great Oh Darth Vader wins
perfect oh wait oh Jesus Christ oh good
you know what I'm happy with it I'm very
happy with that sorry everybody we just
had to take a little moment
oh there I'm sure they were watching it
to its hell fine yeah
just let's take a moment I'm glad I'm
glad that ended I'm glad with how that
ended I think they made an altar there's
a different ending floating around out
there they made it both ways sure yeah
yeah it's listen those kind of things
are cute it's fine that's it
let's see here and garen and gore ang
says this is my last stream for a couple
of months before I'm off to boot for
USMC
thanks for the hours of entertainment
here's to hoping for a real life demonic
outbreak you guys are the shit well
thank you anger Inge have fun at boot
camp I can only assume yeah that's the
obvious assumption that is the obvious
assumption
good luck plenty of protein make sure to
get plenty of protein they have some
family some family who are in the
military and they constantly had trouble
building muscle because of how much
cardio they do every day really yeah
and so he says like the base is just
littered with GN sees like three of
every corner just cuz so many so many
people had need extra protein or else
they they just lose so much muscle mass
I didn't know that was the thing cardio
cardio cardio making it difficult to
makes it difficult to build muscle yes
oh you're right the stand up timer went
off while we were watching the Batman
vs. Darth Vader so everybody stand up
stand up stand up keep trying to jump
over these guys and it never quite works
out right guys just tall enough to fuck
with your day
great pizza train no I do not need to
buy eggs but thank you for for a double
checking my egg supply is good I was
just at the grocery store yesterday so
my eggs my eggs are good you're standing
on it not stand up what steel cut oats
and squats there you are alright is
there dick punching in this game fair
you don't need dick punching when you
rip a demon's face in half yeah yeah I'm
shocked there's not an animation where
you've been an alien over and shove his
own head up his ass I'm shocked that's
not a thing that happens you unlock that
if you can beat it on the hardest
difficulty that'd be pretty cool that
would be unlockable gory your death
animations oh yeah that means every a
cool thing these ones you've earned
for pride magician says if I was Darth
Vader and I had to fight Superman I'd
make a lightsaber out of a piece of
kryptonite because obviously that would
work somehow
let's see here the blue blaze says hey
guys would you consider playing this
area cleanup detail as a follow up to
this game it's super apt for doom it's
about cleaning up after aftermath of
games like this well now you've spoiled
the next stream oh I hope you're happy
was that the surprise doom stream I
downloaded that last night oh did you oh
that would have that would have been
very funny like okay we're gonna play
doom oh this is a weird doom game well
when I was clean up after playing doom
well that sounds great
atomic mousetrap says you might think
it'd be hard you might think it'd be hot
to live next to robot lesbians robot
lesbians but imagine the sound of them
trying to scissor clank clank grind
squeal robot where is where does robot
lesbians come up atomic mousetrap I'm
confused
let the man have his dreams how are Obot
s-- any sort of orientation the robots
what do you have against roam on
orientation Jack orientation I'm in the
wrong side sorry Jill then I guess we're
in we're living in a world in which
robots can feel some sort of emotion
including pleasure so they would feel
the urge to have sex you know robot
orientation usually robots are not
robots have no gender
but they keep forgetting I have these
guys the Holograms never use them once
you know what else I never used it I
want to see if they're useful so I need
to start using them sure see if you drop
them demons go don't yeah well I know
they do but no I don't know how
aggressively if they ignore you or you
know yeah I never I also never use the
grenades or the other grenade like the
demon grenades never you guys are really
useful early on yeah later on they don't
have enough power but never use them
yeah well let's see here
anonymous says rich Evans versus Darth
Vader Superman and Batman with
lightsabers who wins rich Evans because
the other ones don't fucking exist it's
true that's true rich Evans will win
every time because he's the one writing
the story
jack is against robot sex
I think robots would be against robot
sex they would robots would say you know
if robots robots are for or against what
you programmed them to be for or against
that's that was going to be my caveat
which was if robots had some sort of
conscious some sort of sentience they
might ask why you would like me to rub
this other robot why okay no that's okay
for how long
please specify time and aggression level
Jack is human splaining I like that I
like that
robot and Frank is a very good movie did
you see robot in Frank no it's very good
movie it's a very good movie about a
retired cat burglar who's suffering from
the early stages of dementia and so his
children buy him a robot assistant to
help him out with his everyday life okay
and and he decides he wants to do one
more heist and so he he gets the robot
to help him with his heist ah and it's
adorable get me from behind I love it
I think it's on Netflix too so you
should watch robot and Frank jyggalag 35
so so is this all there is to this game
what do you want I want the theme where
they talk about their feelings that this
is something that I think a lot of
people aren't necessarily used to which
is doom manages to do this one thing so
well but it doesn't need anything else
other games like to hide their my poker
game yeah yep without with padding and
story oh yeah there's some QuickTime
events and then they'll forget that that
the gameplay is kind of mediocre doom
takes this really novel approach and
it's just a really good at what it does
so it doesn't need out anything else
no way what was your name liberal media
which of course is bias says do you find
the enemies are too hard to distinguish
I find they don't look like anything at
all they're not iconic looking I had
that problem in the first few levels
well the little guys when there are like
the imps and the this regular soldier
guys and just the the unarmed kind of
zombies yeah
they blend together a little bit you're
sure well once you get to like the
Barrens of Hell like you can tell there
between a burn of hell and a kakko demon
that a man cuba's yeah absolutely that's
an early game prompt and a knight of
hell yeah
like once you know they've the big guys
and then you got the guys with the
glowing backs with the laser arms yeah
yeah yeah I agree with it so that's an
early game problem and that was why I
was critical cuz the e3 footage it's not
like some early game stuff like these
all these enemies all look the same more
or less they just look like humanoid
blob men but you get their changes you
get past that that changes yep hey I'd
already started the challenge what
happened when I did what what did you do
I don't know I didn't do anything
yonder yonder says uh this game is so
boring
all I see is action awesomeness and
gameplay isn't there anything else to
the game like challenge maps oh wait
that's what we're just doing right now
what have you guys heard of the
Wolverine frog it's a new species of
frog that has sideburns and retractable
claws I've heard of anything at home
hold on hold on where's he at where's he
at
yeah running out of time
you got it challenge maps are $15 DLC oh
right now they just come with the game
they just come with the game and you
know what some of them are pretty secret
so you got to find him that was bad
I deserve that um have you guys read I
have no mouth and I must scream I know
about it it sounds very depressing so I
don't really care to read it great short
story
one of the first sci-fi tales to make me
genuinely scared of AI I only knew of
the game I thought it was a game they
probably the game no they based on um
based off the short story show and
another game probably better probably a
happier ending
ah then the story has which is kind of
the definition of depressing well then I
will give it a read that sounds like a
like a flood afternoon get me some
coffee get a little get a little nice
sunny spot so late now open up a little
short fuck one of them show up books
look yeah oh I hate those cattle David
it was not cafeteria stuff pinkies
pinkies killing fast enough is what I'm
what I'm doing what I'm not oh the
author of this short helped write the
game original original is always better
a famous author Harlan Ellison actually
oh oh and apparently he does they're
saying that he does an audio version of
it for free on the youtubes well that's
lovely that was not my fault I don't
know if you saw that on the stream but
my screen froze and I died when the
screen was frozen uh-huh that was
totally not my fault do you
Jack if ash from Evil Dead was a
playable character in Mortal Kombat do
you think rich would actually give it a
chance
I prefer something I've never played
Mortal Kombat I just I'm not super big
on on bran I'm fighting fighting games
like that yeah yeah I'm sure to be cute
you know like I like that and what what
does a new one have the new Ania has
Jason right then oh there's more Mortal
Kombat game actually has Jason doesn't
it I don't know you don't pay attention
to fighting games you see Mortal Kombat
near your brain just categories as that
as useless information yeah yeah it's
not what I've never played Mortal Kombat
in my life and I refused to because I'm
determined not to like the game no I've
I've played it it was again never liked
it that much
yeah yeah I saw that that uh that was
floating around the internet did you see
the james rolfe thing he was not gonna
watch ghostbusters he's playing it safe
he's full of he's full of shit as to why
but yeah whatever you know what you got
there you got a whole bunch of rich
Evans calling it like it is
says it like a season I was thinking the
exact same thing yeah by the way yeah
and how do I get out of this yep I talk
about movies all the time you know no
I'm a Ghostbusters fan how do I not talk
about this movie and avoid any
controversy ah I'm not going to see it
I'm just not gonna see it it's a
principle matter meanwhile meanwhile
opening day somebody's gonna run into
him in line in the theater he's gonna be
wearing like a baseball cap and
sunglasses oh my god no no no I just
look like him I get that all the time I
gotta go
Hey
unlike to me it's it's so easy it's so
easy not to be controversial about the
movie all you do when talking about the
movie is don't bring it I didn't want to
exit the game how did you do that
oh well that's bullshit admission it's
like tomorrow what are we go next
it's gonna one of the it's gonna then
near the end of the game let's go let's
go else okay great
that sounds good so all you have to do
when watching the new Ghostbusters movie
is not talk about the fact that they're
girls at all the fact that they're girls
at all
and more importantly not talk about any
of the controversy controversy on either
side of it and then you just talk about
the movie and literally that's all you
have to do it's great it'll be great I'm
almost sure I have mentioned on screen
like well before the facts well before
they announced the all-girls
Ghostbusters I'm pretty sure there's
audio of me saying I hope they never
make another Ghostbusters movie probably
no and see that's the thing blue blaze
the movie is not critic proof there will
there will not be a huge backlash
against critics who don't like it it's
going to be made up no it's all in your
head will be just don't be people who
will say that they'll come on of course
that's not gonna stop a segment of the
population from labeling everybody who
doesn't like the movie for whatever
reason as a sexist it's gonna happen but
but that's the same segment that will
say anything stupid about any video
that's already sure it doesn't man
doesn't matter what they say they're
gonna say it there gonna be a lot about
it they're gonna get some media
attention that doesn't but that doesn't
matter it's going to be obnoxious no
more obnoxious is any of the YouTube
comments that we already get their their
YouTube comments will be no worse than
any of the other garbage that I filter
through on our in our comments section
it's all the same bullshit a very loud
very small segment and they'll die off
they'll find the next thing to fight
about it'll be fine it'll be fine
oh no I want to go back up there
swinging at that fuckin why wasted a
shot then tonight I thought I had a free
BFG shot then I felt I'm sorry that's
fine okay hey Jack hey rich says Nico
coli hey here's a tip to thank you for
the streams videos and comedy jokes my
question aside from the games themselves
who are one or two of your favorite
videogame characters characters no you
like the Travis touchdown the Jedi
Knight games
Kalka turn because he because he's not a
Jedi basically it's just an asshole with
a gun and a lightsaber which makes him
fun you get the lightsaber without all
of the bullshit that goes with it such
feelings don't be aggressive
fuck you it's kind of like it's kind of
like giving a lightsaber to the doom guy
all right Mario what's the safe answer
but I like Mario Mario is fine
Mario sorry Mario what as far as a
character is concerned
not-not-not hi my list of life I don't
have like a premade list of videogame
characters I love sure in my head start
naming should because I'm in the middle
of a game and I'm not thinking ah sure
sure play it do it play it
there's just went on a rant about how
lightsabers are stupid cuz I can't tell
what hyperbole is I have no idea what
hyperbole is cuz I have a lightsaber fad
did you know that you're also sexist
uh-huh
not not because the whole Ghostbusters
things you see lightsabers are
inherently have inherent feminist
qualities to them because because you
don't like the force and lightsabers
that means that you're against women
yeah yeah it's clear that the force is a
metaphor for motherhood
because it gives birth to everyone and
you know it's a whole it's a whole thing
I've read an article on it I wrote an
article on it and then I read that
article I wrote out I'm stuck I'm sorry
got stuck on oh yes uh college yeah I
don't know video game characters you
know just cycling through all the video
games unlike
and how do you deal with like carries
lot like the doom guy characters who are
basically just you right how do you
categorize that see that's the hard part
you know just because we were playing it
recently I'm gonna say I really enjoyed
what they did with with the the Zelda
sheep thing and Ocarina like I said just
cuz we were playing it recently not I'm
not gonna call it my favorite but I
thought that was fun I like the idea of
like the princess learning how to defend
herself I thought that was a neat
concept especially at the time when we
talking about characters in general or
protagonists I just thought that we they
were saying characters in general
mmm-hmm
my brain was going with protagonists oh
sure we'll just as one of your favorite
video game characters I like being
badass Space Marine this is fun that's a
fun that's a fun character to be yes
being doom guy is an awesome character
to be obviously GLaDOS is one of the
greatest characters ever to exist in any
game and as a villain Garret yeah from
thief the dart project
kind of world-weary cynical cat-burglar
trying to remember there was a tired of
dealing with everybody else's nonsense I
can't actually speaking of just
characters I really liked Vegas whole
thing he's just like you will kill me
shortly I hope you have a good time you
know also talking about characterization
in doom yeah did you notice he hesitated
before hitting the delete button and in
fact made a backup copy yeah copy
he's not a bad guy he's not a bad guy at
all rich all I'm saying is they they got
characterisation in here ya know I'm
with you goddamn The Onion Knight from
Dark Souls was pretty awesome I agree as
far as characters are concerned I'm just
gonna do
just gonna nuke it let's see here this
tip doesn't come close to the hours of
entertainment you guys have given me but
here you go anyways thanks PS Jack is
wrong about 11/22/63 because he has a
robot heart I said the ending really
sucks
the ending really petered out the ending
of which again and he loved it the best
track of what we're talking event when
t2 63 was these the Hulu original series
based off of the Stephen King novel and
I felt like the ending oh is that the
one with the time travel you get
businesses try it time travel I'm trying
to save JFK did he does he doomed the
world to like nuclear war because
butterfly effect I won't spoil anything
I won't spoil anything but you know dude
did it do
Jack please trick rich into playing
Eminem beach party I don't even know how
I would trick rich into doing that what
is Eminem beach party I could also just
ask him I could also just say hey let's
play Eminem beach party tonight and he
would probably say okay yeah so like rap
star Eminem no like like the candies
Eminem 11/22/63 started off really
strongly insanely insanely strongly why
am I not using this stunt on the pinkies
that's what I keep wondering that's what
that was my go-to strategy with them
it's done and then BOOM easy-peasy
I think it's cuz I want to have a good
fight
they just don't provide one the provider
annoying fight
let's see here did it to do hey Richard
and jakka's have you fine men enjoyed
the show eastbound and down I haven't
seen it loaded up in truckin what loaded
up and truckin does that would it what I
don't know what that means
eastbound and down loaded up and truckin
we're gonna do they say it can't be done
we got a long way to go and a short time
to get there just a song from Smokey and
the Bandit okay that's probably what the
show's title is a reference to who's the
who's the actor who is that actor Burt
Reynolds no and he's found him down oh
I've never seen him
it's the I hate him I don't find him
terribly funny
which is why I've never watched the show
or care for it he was in the foot Vista
way he was in he's been in a bunch of
stuff Danny McBride thank you that's
what his name is
it's eastbound and down is about a major
league baseball player who gets fired
who's like a party boring gets fired
because of like steroids or drugs okay
so he moves back to his hometown to like
be a coaches local high school but he's
still a huge dickhead because Danny
McBride and that's the only character he
plays ever so it's baseball centric I
think like later on he he joins like why
are they naming enough first song in
smokey in the band
maybe because he goes because he's down
and he goes back east I don't know I I
do have a fun story about eastbound and
down
eastbound and down is is directly
responsible for how I eventually got my
job at Funny or Die I don't know if I've
ever told like this full story I
probably had before so way back in the
day I was making video shorts with my
cousin who is great and awesome and we
made this one video short called Friday
night nights which was a play on Friday
Night Lights and the reason why we made
it it's a whole nother thing but it was
just it was just his dumb video show we
made we started watching a little bit of
Friday Night Lights and immediately
started making fun of it so we started
we made Friday night nights and he
started it I shot it and another friend
of ours
Devon Jackson started it was great is it
for the stupid little funny short right
and we put the show up on YouTube like
everyone did damn it it wouldn't let me
do the guy oh yeah you gotta jump up to
do the kills right I don't think jack
has told any of this story probably not
so it's up on YouTube and it's not doing
anything really and all of a sudden we
hear about this website that is being
that is being launched called Funny or
Die one of our friends like worked for a
production company that heard it was
being launched and they gave us the
exact day and they're like launch you
know get your video on funny or die as
soon as you can it's Will Ferrell's and
Adam McKay is and Chris headcheese new
website it's gonna be great we got
eastbound and down or not he spent it
down we got Friday night nights up on
the website and back in the day after
you watch the landlord Funny or Die
silent the chat is in respect for Jack
sorry like it's you know watching doom
and it's been a while since I've told
the story so I'm just trying to remember
pieces of it back in the day Funny or
Die
would just post whoever uploaded a video
of the most recent on the front page and
right after we uploaded Friday night
nights the website crashed and so like
for the first day that Funny or Die was
live when everyone was going to the
website because it was Will Ferrell's
new website our video was one of the
first things that they saw and so it did
incredibly incredibly well and it did so
well in fact and of course like that day
Will Ferrell and Adam McKay and Chris
Henchy were all watching the site to see
what happened and Adam McKay and Chris
Henchy saw the video and called my
cousin Jake in for an audition for
eastbound and down because they really
liked the look of him and they were
Purdue they were producing eastbound and
down at the time and when we shot the
video my cousin had this giant thick
beard and he was like playing the old
coach man right and so they called him
in for an audition and he but he didn't
know he didn't know they wanted him for
the older brother and he's a you know
he's a young guy and he had shaved
before he went in POW and so like he
gets in there and they don't even
recognize him because he's all
clean-shaven and he's a kid they're like
we thought you might have been
40-something and so you know like he
goes through with the audition obviously
he did not get it but they just end up
talking to him about like producing
videos and making Internet videos and
hey do you know that we don't have
anyone that works for Funny or Die to
make videos for us do you want to do
that and so he got a job that's how he
got his job with Funny or Die and then
shortly after brought me in ow
fuckin pinky so eastbound and down is
directly responsible for giving me my
at Funny or Die why is my mainly not
work there go hey you gotta get closer
got right up in his ass yes I'm saying
that you should grow out your beard so
you can get more jobs and yeah that's it
more more importantly if if you look a
certain way make sure that you look that
same way when you go in for an audition
that's really really important I made
videos for Funny or Die and I also my
job for Funny or Die was making videos
and I was also the video screener so I
would watch all of the user submitted
uploads every single day to try to find
quality content much like how they found
us
wrong button I meant to hit the fuck
fuck I meant to hit the fuck I meant hit
the B up Jeep I don't know what I hit
but I didn't have to be up Jeep bless
our drug says doom it's pretty great
finally a game where you remove skeleton
we're finally a game where remove
skeleton actually means something rip
and tear those skeletons from those
fucking demons with your bare fucking
hands you fuck a V Bruno yes I love
Billy on the street
I think that's a that's a hilarious show
do you ever watch that no Billy on the
street I find to be hilarious a lot of
things I don't watch yeah anonymous says
hey Jack I got fire watch while it was
on sale and I loved every minute of it
aside from the ending can you guys
recommend any other game with great
character building PS lol fuck my cock
Prince Persia stands a time Oh No yeah
I'm usually not a big like character
story guy in games so Prince Persia
Saints time says rich Evans nope go
listen the Eric Andre show is also
amazing but Billy on the street is a
different kind of amazing I think we
talked about this
I've seen the news Battlestar Gallactica
show rich has not because he heard the
ending sucked and he doesn't want to
deal with quality quality television
because the ending might be bad I don't
want to get invested only to be
disappointed but I think that's a fair
point no it's not there's enough good to
justify it so you say yeah
good stories need good endings otherwise
you just left hanging yeah then it's not
a good story oh there are good but it's
a good beginning in a middle air country
is great the Eric Andre show is
something everyone should watch
do-do-do-do-do hey guys mentioned this
last stream but when you get a sec watch
this trailer for after last season I
honestly have no words to describe it
says Lando was taken tri-blend
difference that's a word doesn't get you
as much limb difference is it a word I
don't know who knows what does it mean
you can you can decide what it means
generates of injury but using a word
like that it's a perfectly crummy one
words that means something was it mean
I'm intrigued I'm kind of watching it
right now and just by the look of it I'm
trying to figure out its age in theaters
2009 interesting interesting enough
things aren't dead yet
alright tired and said hey guys how did
you know how did you get to know Colin
and Jim there are great additions to the
crew I believe I don't know if you were
with probably not they met they met at a
convention oh yeah yeah ok no I have no
idea I think it was it was Canada's
comic-con oh yeah great cuz all of
Canada only has one comic-con yet right
the entirety of the entirety of Canada
there's only enough people for one
comic-con
I don't see anything left alive but I
still hear music
oh yeah there's definitely something
still alive if there's rock and roll
playing you just have an imp running
away from you just get up high and stand
still
I don't fucking know if I knew I'd be
shooting it jack Touche rich oh wait did
you blow up all the tanks is there still
like a third tank pretty sure they're
all blown up there's no no what about
that one down there oh fuck
hey why missed one I thought I got him
all right you know what bite me just
just bite me oh god damn it
now I get them now I got the berserk did
you guys ever get Jay to play the
Stanley parable would love to see his
reaction to it
Lloyd that's that game would be so tough
to play like not only in stream but then
like could you imagine like me and me
and rich would have to be silent so Jay
could listen to the whole thing and I'm
not not entirely convinced he loved it
he'd think it was interesting he'd play
around with it for like 15 minutes yes
and then he would be good bored and then
he then he would probably say yeah
that's fun yeah please remember Jays not
a video game person he does not play
games he does not get into the games and
I think specifically Stanley parable is
a game in which you need to kind of
understand some gaming concepts in order
to fully understand where this fight yep
I know this but this is a great fight
Richards as I'm Kenny Powers I can
sympathize I for one don't as much like
the lightsaber wouldn't you just want to
be a badass fighter pilot one of the
reasons I like Poe Dameron fuck yeah for
for the record I think the lightsaber is
fairly cool I just I don't care for the
Jedi at all right and
that's EFT it it's just not the end-all
be-all
Star Wars is interesting things that
aren't Jedi's or lightsabers and I think
they get ignored yes that that is very
fair but like that's one of the things I
loved about the force awakens is life
fuck this fight with a hammer Poe
Dameron has his own little happy
adventure that you know and he I'm sure
it was awesome it was epic him getting
out of that crash
there
neglecting machine gun and I'm gonna
keep neglecting it cuz this fucking
pinky on my ass
oh rich Evans is flip-flopping again
absolutely or learn to spot hyperbole no
no they can't do that no we will not be
attending Austin Kahn or any convention
this year as far as we know yonder
yonder says not sure why Rich's leery of
great games of bad endings is he saying
that the ending of yes rich has said
quite of many times that the ending of
Mass Effect has retro at retro actively
spoiled the first games yep yep I
genuinely believe that I can't they
can't play the old games they're just
depressing messes now yep
and yonder yonder that you might be
joking but he has you know it's hard to
tell it's hard for us to tell when
you're joking oh fuck you you got a shot
left on it yet I'm just letting you know
just let me know
question is why I want to use it I can
take out a baron you know they don't
bother me that much it's it's just the
swarm of everything around him there
already is female Wolverine what do you
mean it's ex she's x-23 that happened a
while ago someone in the chat just said
female Wolverine is coming brace
yourself she's been around for quite
some time
brave braced motherfucker
Bret braced loudly battle machine says
good evening Jack rich anyways what's
your opinion on babymetal and do you
think it is a real metal I don't know
what maybe metal is babymetal is a heavy
heavy metal mixed with Japanese pop
singers I'd have to hear it like grind
metal mixed with Japanese pops
it would have to hear it he means that
x-23 is now going by the wolverine
codename so having Riddick I've been in
the comics for 10 years the amount of
folks I give a zero know my favorite
character was never Wolverine he was
kind of obnoxious really hey get out of
here
stop it
now onwards I'm getting ready for you
this is this is something called
babymetal
I'm not gonna start doing anything oh
well they're dancers just this is Dan
I'd like a five hour loop they do their
dancing this is all this is all part of
it rich they dance and then they there
I'm sure they're gonna start singing in
a little bit
it's good parts of it are metal yeah hey
mixed with Japanese pop yeah so that's
what babymetal is rich okay
it was very important can't say I find
it super exciting no fine it's no it's
no bad man vs. Darth Vader I was I was a
little leery of that as its fan Wang but
uh I I appreciated the ending well it
sounded not great yeah you know it's
it's exactly what you expect it's like
thrash core mixed with Japanese lady pop
is it is it because I don't care much
for anime that I'm supposed to hate
everything from Japan I think they just
I I think they were kind of making
hoping for like a big like a rant like a
big or like a like an oh my god that's
so weird you know like you know how like
some streamers and youtubers like fake
big reactions to to make videos and give
use I'm not I'm not the judge of what is
or is not metal I mean I don't do that
rich what says tired I said what I know
you're in a bad mood I'm gonna find well
they're saying could you please just
briefly explain the continuity issues of
the x-men Cinematic Universe I really
can't I literally can't do that I
haven't even seen like how many of them
made since x32 oh I haven't seen either
they've made two and when Bryan Singer
came back for Days of Future past he he
basically undid a lot of what happened
in X 3 and X Men First Class
yep this is like these are my movies
okay that made through what
what oh maybe I got confused by your
questions so you know there's x-men
there's X - there's X x-men 3 ok the
last mutants United or the last and or
something and then there's x-men first
class then there's x-men days of future
past and now there's x-men apocalypse
yeah this is 5 X Man movies ok what am I
supposed to do with this information I
don't know I just want I wanted to let
you know that there are 5 my they it was
very important to the chat that I let
you know how many x-men movies their art
were in the x-men Cinematic Universe I
don't know why you know that first x-men
movie it wasn't great it surely wasn't
great but it was the first it was the
first kind of thing that kind of worked
superhero wise and the big screen didn't
didn't really do it for me but I'm not a
super huge x-men fan so I'm a pretty big
x-men fan it's so it's like it for me it
was just like oh oh I can see in what
direction they are heading
I like this and x2 came out and that was
pretty awesome
it was the Wolverine story unfortunately
but you know we got that out of the way
and then they just made some shitty
movies and first class was alright and
the Days of Future Passed sucks and
apocalypse soccers I can't even remember
what happened in any of the movies that
I have seen from the x-men franchise let
alone discuss continuity issues ok this
is not a thing that can happen alright
so how am I gonna play other people's
map sir oh thing I met a thing go to the
thing what thing
good you figure it out I'm just gonna
play a classic map hold on anonymous now
wants us to watch Lady baby
anonymous says we need to watch lady
baby rich rich she's gonna play a
classic man I want the old bad guys on
the classic ma'am
yeah we need what
there's a man in a dress a Japanese
dress oh we're gonna Japanese video that
that's completely unexpected okay lady
baby we watch lady baby thank you ah
let's see here Nikko call us is
apparently 1984 Ghostbusters is being
special released in theaters next month
for a few days or a week I think think
you guys will go catch the classic on
the big screen that would be nice
go see another week's fruitful theater
full of people maybe it's always more
fun when the theater full of people may
all laugh it's great
okay ah do-do-do-do-do rich because we
know because we all know you you're the
arbiter of all things metal I'd like to
ask what do you think of mountain dew
pitch black not metal Mountain Dew who's
incapable thing metal because it's a
mountain dew rich mountain dew can only
be poser a poser metal a fake metal yeah
nu metal yeah rich says many correct
things his stance on mountain dew and
metal might be the most correct thing
I've ever heard him thank you thank you
I'm gonna put that out there Mountain
Dew is never metal Mountain Dew is new
metal absolute I'm very scared hey guys
sorry to hear you potentially had an
annoying day earlier looking forward or
not to e3 2016 may or may not be going
this year it would be neat to say hi if
possible we we probably won't go we're
more certainly not gonna go because what
when is it I just have no idea which I
think even I I used to like III and I
think even I'm giving up caring about it
III is check our website the end of the
day and find out what's been what's news
yep that's all III is yep what's news
they announced anything interesting no
no they haven't
okay how about I'll look into sponsors
if we can get paid to go like I don't
know why you would ever want to sit and
watch any of the Microsoft at the
PlayStation 4 or whatever presentation
you spend you spend like an hour and a
half sitting there when you could just
after the fact
go read like a bullet list of what they
said it'll take you three seconds you
get the same information about any of
the bullshit with the corporate jag-offs
with hyperlinks all the YouTube trailer
videos and you know the listen to it at
corporate jagoff jibber for I know you
know for like 45 minutes before you hear
they're making another Halo games say
goodnight to Colin right can i Colin my
god yeah
I agree I mean I'm gonna call up the
people of Mountain Dew and see if they
can sponsor us to go to e3 Ridge all we
have to do is is make videos about how
metal Mountain Dew is I know though you
know they'll give us a good paycheck and
to fly us out to San Diago
no it's Comic Con wherever they're gonna
fly us out to where every 30 days you
okay with that that's fine okay great
I'm gonna work out Oh have you guys seen
this young rich in the gang and
copyright issues what retro cade
podcasts blanket red letter media in his
pals rich Evans J Baumann talk about the
prequels and Star Wars franchise as a
whole now what is this no the video okay
yeah you guys talking about Star Wars
oh yeah sure it's fine
I don't think they made that video did
you ever talk about Star Wars with
anyone else like all the time we're not
gonna remember great all right okay so
I'm confused as to what this actually is
what is it what is this did you it's not
me I got a mute the ads that actually
what do they say in it
look at how young you are aren't you
some old shit
that this is people talking about yeah
just smell shit creighton oh these old
levels they're adorable
okay they ready to play yeah let me just
finish this faster it's just an old
video that isn't a home by red letter
media yeah sure I'm sure there are
several videos not owned by red letter
media put that out there
yep yeah maybe funny to see rich and
Jack dressed up and all-mountain Duke
here Wayne's World style talking about
how much they love
puppymonkeybaby I don't know what that
is but I don't know what that is I'm
sorry some kind of thing yep
what was my motivation to get in shape I
just wanted to see if I could I took
when I when I turned 30 I took I took a
year off of drinking just because why
not you know came from a drinking family
and kind of always just drank like not a
lot I never never drank a lot it was
just like how can I go a full year
without having a single drop and I did
and I didn't really feel that different
but not changing anything in my diet
just cutting out all alcohol I lost like
10 15 pounds like Anna and a lot of
times I would replace a beer with ice
cream so word away what am I doing here
snap ma'am okay and so then I started
losing weight and you know kind of
always had a was a bigger guy I had I
had a gut and so just like let's just
see if I can get rid of my good and then
I didn't it's just that easy I found a
diet that works for me in and did it
dude it dude it it to it in it you know
oh my god take forever to load Jesus
Christ should have this download to the
solid state God Jesus Christ it's like
50 gigabytes big and it's a 500 gigabyte
what is one of your worst corporate
video client stories I'm cutting one
right now and they are soul destroying I
don't know if I have I'm trying to think
of a friend of thing of one that I can
tell and have be out in the public I
know it's her Mike and jenni talking
about constant pointless changes
yes there should be a second longer
we're nothing like no good reason okay
they need to justify good they need to
justify their experience their their
existence suits yep yeah if you if you
hand them a perfect video
they can't just approve that video
because then they haven't been look like
they're not doing anything right right
and so what what I have heard is some
people in the business do and I might
have done this one or one or two times
is you put in an obvious glaring
imperfection mm-hmm and then they can
say oh can you fix that thing of course
I'll fix that thing
