Akinator fun
November 6, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q36IQZcIm1A

you know what you're talking about but
they know you were born they drink it
they don't know what I was talking about
when I said I was utterly bored I was
talking about the Martian I was really
bored during the Martin yeah I thought
it was a good film adaptation you know I
go after watching the movie it made me
really upset that I didn't read the book
first because I could see it being a
really good book it's a really really
good book like a lot of introspection a
lot of internal dialog that in no way
made it through in the film adaptation
because the fit was so boring yeah they
enter interdepartmental stuff and within
NASA you turn in tried to partner yes
plus I really was looking forward to the
film adaptation of what if the Hermes
flyby didn't go as planned what the
contingency plan was for the astronauts
onboard the Hermes in the book Jim
Hurston 90% of the PR well don't give
away the book I was looking forward to
see it's just one line it's not like a
huge plot away it's just an amusing bid
yeah an alternate survival strategy okay
you know it was just it was like one of
those things where it's like I don't
wanna I don't want to like dis it for
being an incredibly formulaic movie and
and but I'd like to I I think that I can
let go of stuff like that when I'm
watching a movie like I never think
ahead in movies
I always just let the movie happen and
then in hindsight think it over but all
that that entire movie of the Martian it
was just like oh this is going to happen
next
it happened next in these skits they
skipped some of the things that happen
to it's just boring see me for me it was
like I love the book and then it's like
oh it was just neat because I was seeing
how they handled some of these things on
film hmm just seeing them act it out
with yours you see how this was the same
and this was done a little differently
and I could see that I could see if you
liked the book liking the movie but as
someone who didn't read the book and
just saw the movie I was just I was just
kind of polite
it's probably just gonna be mostly me on
the mouse but sure what do we have here
we have a kanay der the web genie what
the fuck is a kanay tor the web gene
we're not gonna go to this all night
we're just gonna do this for a little
bit for amusement apparently I just
found out that it that there's a web
version of it which for all I know might
have come first I have this on my tablet
and it's sort of like 20 questions
except it doesn't limit itself to 20
questions and you think of a character
real or fictional
and it asks you questions to try to
guess who your character is
yeah and it's got like 20 questions only
it's like 20,000 questions right but you
pick the character and don't tell me
what character and so we the rich and
Karen were telling me that they were
they were trying to get him to get to
read to guess rich and of course he
would and Karen was wondering whether or
not it could guess me and I'm guessing
that no I don't think I'm internet
famous enough for a kanay tirta guess me
but we're gonna try it live I am in here
yeah and there's there's even a fucking
picture of me yes the weapon the tablet
version yes you are rich Evans you are
famous internet personality yeah I mean
we had to go through it didn't get in
the very first time through but it'll
keep guessing and didn't take too long
to get too rich which was a surprise and
then we did Mike and it got Mike yeah
but now we're gonna see if we can get it
to get Jack sure just puttin just puttin
35 for the edge 300 money okay there's a
mouse boy all right all right thank you
let's play so we're gonna try to get it
to guess me does your character really
exist no no let me tell you he feels
pretty physically yeah with the way
we're doing Jack all right you know what
could find me touch him yet I'm here yep
Jack is Jack is a tangible object so
character yes let it be noted that Karen
just felt my muscles yes your character
a youtuber I'm gonna go with yes sure
George or is your character a girl I
don't think you know I'd make a joke
well and that but I'm not gonna do that
no your character known for minecraft
gaming
no no no not from
it's possible he's played it at some boy
but he's not known for it character a
gamer yes you're a character appear in
every episode of their TV series it
would say webseries so then and no not
every episode I'm gonna say don't know
don't know the weird phrasing okay and
sometimes it'll it'll ask plus they
might come out like best of the worst
and you're not in every episode of that
right and sometimes it's a little
strange like it asked if somebody had
had had to two boys and then you know
you say yes and then it asks does it
have any sons well we already covered
that it's well Owen Tiberius Kirk is
saying TV and web series are the same
now so perhaps at menti I don't know who
knows okay let's see here are you into
politics
No discussed politics
is your character linked to the call of
duty print no you did play it once and
hate it we did it we did one episode
mentioning cult problem Call of Duty but
super no one know when you think Call of
Duty I'm not I'm not
what about probably not probably not
that's a great that's great perfectly
Jack do you play happy wheels I don't
know what happy wheels is Rowan oh well
you might be playing it and not know it
it's your character famous uh knife
funny I don't even know what I funny is
I don't know what I funny is either so
probably not probably not yeah okay you
can know something wrong by mistake and
it'll usually still is your character
British Jack are you secretly pretty I'm
not secretly British no also we tell you
as you gonna save the queen who's your
character reached 1 million subscribers
on YouTube nope not even close your
character have facial hair no no no your
character lives with any area no is your
character white as the day is long
yeah I'd say yes your character a
console gamer yes I am a console Multi
we're multi-platform yeah but I
you know I'm known as a console game
okay can your character transform into a
sword I'm sorry what what youtuber
transforms into a sword I can stand up
really straight does that help that no
no we're gonna say no no your character
from wizard 101 is your character a
ghost now we've said multiple times that
we were ghosts all along yes when he
doesn't get enough sunlight there's a
certain teller but pampers photo with
that go with no no no I'm more a real
person a trick oh oh
is your character a trick shot I have
made trick shot videos yes I am NOT in
any of the trick shot videos probably so
these were trick shot videos video other
people doing Church yes
a few of my popular web series involved
trick shots what what says you chant
what's easy people are saying probably I
like probably probably yes you play
Nintendo games heck yes do you wear blue
clothes don't know not exclusively don't
know I don't yeah I don't wear anything
exclusively wish your character killed
by a man well that goes on with the
ghost theme right rich and the ghosts
thinking of chuggaaconroy
no let's plan nope whoever that is 10
you yes all right
hey so we made it through a round one
and it didn't I do not live in Ohio
no he's okay no as your character been
married yes yes I have been married your
character of children yes geez your
character speak Chinese no no I do not
speak Chinese I liked how you answered
that like you didn't know if I spoke
Chinese or not I could have oh that's
true but the web wouldn't know huh
that's never been on the show I suppose
the web wouldn't know you're okay you're
right your character have a daughter no
no I should character muscular Jack how
do you want to answer this I'm not known
to be okay right now I mean listen I got
his guns if I just went straight to know
that could have been rude as insulting
and I did the nice thing you have you
have Norvell distance sports kind of a
film floor like a runners yeah that's
how we're gonna say it no no no
association with Smosh your character
Chevy no I'm not known to be chubby
let's plays do we do Let's Plays not
really streaming my Felix plans don't
know her probably what do you want to go
with dudududu does your character do
Let's Plays it depends I mean probably
not so probably not do you have only one
child do you love your wife jack I do
okay I am in love with someone does your
character have a brother who is a
youtuber see that again like this is a
tricky thing I know where Moe is my
brother is the person in the trick shot
videos he does the crazy bowling trick
shots but he is not a youtuber he does
not have his own YouTube channel so I
think the answer would be no let's from
one small ball says does your character
look like aids Mobe yes yes he looks
exactly all right what do you want to go
with him this brother thing
yes he is does he care
you know I Moby is named Moby why
because he's disposed idli distantly
related to Herman Melville's moby-dick
sure so that's why it calls himself moly
yeah okay characters not have a dog I do
not have a dog would you character part
robot that would be awesome
does it know sometimes your fuck BOTS
but I'm gonna go No yeah probably go now
is your character from a popular game no
no your character have any pets yes yes
your character link with video games yes
I should character a parent your
character have a car a cat yes okay okay
looks like a heart of me oh wait it's
cat and yes I'm going with yes okay I do
it either way you guys are linked with
rain no with rain yes this is raise your
character female no once again no it's
really not sure Steven plays no no oh
rich the they're saying slight and Mike
static are you getting easier can you
double-check that yours is plugged in
just jammed it in there real good
great are you a father yes that's what
it means when you have so that's what it
means when you're redoing you're not a
woman is a parent we're going with
probably uh probably you wear gloves who
I do wear glasses oh yes yeah always a
Garrigan we're getting we're getting
close I can feel it no I don't live in
Florida do you have multiple heads
what akinator no I do not have multiple
heads as your character linked to
roosterteeth no it's your character yes
yes ooh you know what am i a good singer
I think I am but what are we going with
what are we going with go with probably
probably thanks hi
does your character celebrate Christmas
yes yes I do
can your character be associated with a
famous rapper no not close I can not be
are you obsessed with Tokyo know what
Karen him Canada oh no my secrets out oh
no
there goes your presidential run right
are you a triplet no my wife that
triplet that's weird
did you can kill their adopted father no
I'm not bearded are you related to
Slenderman no I'm not a related to
Slenderman oh your character almost bald
I mean I am almost bald because I am
bald I know I know
whatever you know we need fully bald I
really can't picture you with hair
though oh thank you I think I do too
know they're one of the the very first
best of the worst I was and I still had
the the crown and it looks ridiculous
like a picture of you like with hair
with hair just out of curiosity and some
young man is my I mean say yes you want
to go yes I mean probably yes hmm yes I
think probably yes almost bald is
probably true fully bald only so there I
mean the chat is saying no oh no we
don't know don't think that's a safe
option okay see what I think bully ball
they think like alopecia you know I mean
then men with men with receding hair are
never completely bald because the hair
you know in the back of the neck is
always gonna stay there show their face
like yes you show my face a lot I often
show my face your character who you get
yes do you have a list no no
that's a question for you yeah no you
don't have any character only famous
under a nickname no character have white
hair no no unless your name is like
really John or James or something
character from your family no oh that's
right you can you can see the in the
blinkin episode 1 review you can see me
with hair and a beard oh my does your
character know Tom's syndicate I don't
know who Tom Sam syndicate isn't no
probably not
your character associated with blink-182
no you wear a poncho no no I don't worry
upon Jack character produce Skylander
content no I know character and full
house back he was Uncle Jesse it's time
that's my diary I was born in Canada and
and I was I was one of the I was I was a
stunt double for the Olsen twins at full
house
no Dale at would lose Romans ed woods
brother and I don't know who Roman
Edward is I mean one more round nope oh
it gave up it gave up no I don't think I
am famous enough to be on this okay
which by the way I am okay with I'm
comfortable with that
are we done with this or do we want to
see how many guesses it takes to get to
be Oh No what does the Chad have to say
do they want to see us do this for rich
we know he's in there though we can't
guarantee we'll get to oh they're saying
we should try a mr. Plunkett okay cuz
you've already done words we know rich
is in there Jack Packard no no no no who
world oh who are you thinking about yeah
no massive Jack wants me put it in there
oh sure
Packard like hewlett-packard yep did I
split I think you spilled pact Lord
backwater that's what they called me
when I was fat
Jack pack lard it's not nice no it
wasn't okay wait wait wait on the list
find a character on the list red letter
media hey Weiss Hey there you go
maybe we just didn't answer the
questions we just didn't answer the
questions right you have defeated me
that's right defeated akinator there you
go okay so now let's try mr. Plunkett
has he really existed no no no oh wait
he well feeding frenzy yes I'm going
with yes yes he had and and the talk of
the Dead that's doc all right all right
yes he's been in a movie character a
human being
vaguely character adult man yes yes is
your character wore a mask no your
character been into space not yet your
character animated usually technically
yes time is your character animated I
know I think that means that's the
default so no you care to live in
America yes yes new Joisey no title of a
movie no as your character yes yes yeah
this is bad no wait has your character
played in horror film feeding frenzy
yeah yeah but yeah probably I think
we're gonna confuse it yeah you're
confusing it already
I'm gonna go don't know oh no I don't
know he's been in a horror film asdf
movies what's asdf movies the left hand
home row keys say you say no
I guessing that's where they came up
with a name you know asdf in the show
semicolon technically he was thrown in
the slammer at the end of the episode 1
review yeah well then this he's been to
jail he only mentioned but never
actually seen wait oh I suppose the
first kindness I don't use talks it's
not just mentioned and you see his hand
yeah okay your is not known for his
kindness no in a nursery but now we need
a planket nurse for you right now we're
saying TV is indistinguishable from
webseries now that someone said but I
I'm gonna say no still is your character
younger than 10 no no very much no does
your character dream possibly but not
known for it
yellow hair hair gendry's simulator know
what she character wear a suit yes yes
Oh suit jacket at least well yeah no
dogs no no Joker what get out of here
well probably should have never said yes
to the movie thing in the first place at
the feeding frenzies a Batman movie or
comment oh no no lastly but no no no
link to her children no not the way mr.
Rogers is he kidnapped a kid from a
parking lot died in the movie yes died
in feeding rest she would just ignore
feeding from now you've it's busier to
deepen ah words confusing it I'm gonna
don't know fuck it so are we saying
feeding frenzy doesn't count I'm feeding
frenzy I'm gonna put into the don't know
category okay character a doctor no or
maybe use I don't know climb walls with
ease what main character of his movie Oh
either way it's no character from a
comic book No
no no yes oh yes yes dead wife unless
you were married yes yes yes nice job
akinator you did it you did it
alright so we're going to Pat me I know
let's go to Batman that is celebration
face it's a fairy or Genie girl word
like that wallpaper okay
I figured this was gonna be a lot of
Jibran because it's been a while since
rich and I have seen each other yeah and
so Batman has a ton of new your Rika
play hold on is being used by another
application
what no connection to the Internet
oh that's fine but look at yes what look
at obs
what Oh fuck's sake Jesus jesus H jeezum
Mitch Crist everything plugged in right
I have no idea
properties refresh refresh any where's
my this should be another one in here
there's no other application using that
I guarantee I guarantee it
we did hey listen up everybody we did
tests and we saw this was working are
you in the 32-bit yeah I haven't do
something in order to use the akinator
on there I just I wanted to do to
capture thing I didn't adjust the the oh
god oh one at all
oh no everybody we're it's weird weird
we're failing Elgato was failing now
gato and OBS are failing us well I guess
that's the stream thanks everybody for
coming out you know thanks to all the
new subscribers thanks all the old
subscribers and
