Domo Aragami Mr Roboto (part 2)
October 23, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ytLojRb5QJA

and just this guy you know says I'm
guessing you're not watching but are you
guys interested in Westworld I think I'm
waiting for the whole season to be
available I saw the first episode and
really liked it I just haven't gotten
around to know if enough people I don't
like it I'm gonna check it out when it's
done so I can binge watch it yeah
I much prefer binge watching shit
especially if it's like a serial
narrative yeah yep
HBO is still going still at for that
weekly like if I had if I had seen narco
season one before season 2 came out I'd
be upset oh yeah have you have said no
but I liked the first episode I will
watch the rest of it but you know it's
it's available so I'll just wait to
binge
it is crazy how Netflix impacted our
viewing habits I think even before
Netflix like do you remember the joy
that it was to get this the DVD boxset
yeah of shows when those became super
popular ice I would still rather have
that of court well to binge they were
talking about Netflix affecting us the
binge watching if I like if I like a
thing I'd want to own the thing yep I
remember getting getting arrested
development in the DVD box set and we
binge that all the goddamn time
and I don't I don't know what the I
don't know what the pros and cons are
what do you think the pros and cons are
for releasing your your content all at
once or or doling it out weekly
there's no con as far as I can tell well
I think the I think the pro to doling it
out weekly is is you create a need you
make that you make your audience come
back to you every week they get rolla
once what do you need them to come back
every week because it's about we're
still getting the ad for a review right
but it's about creating it's it's not
just about the ads for views it's about
creating a base that's why all of the
movies flop isn't it but because it's
all at once
I mean that's why nobody watched the
Avengers or Star Wars or oh I get it
you're being you're being a dick
but I I think I can only imagine that
one of the pros of doling it out
regularly is creating a fan base that
continues to come back month after month
whatever what I prefer
as a consumer I prefer the binge watch
yeah but I think I understand that their
reasoning behind the dull the slow dull
you know what sir you're dead you know
it mean you're dead now that's just the
way it is you're dead rich do you think
our egami is Japanese for inept guards
oh my joke is brought to you by electric
monk electric mug where you get a the
Joe Gibbs jokes evolved into the game
jokes joke of the month yeah my electric
bunk I know I need to go there I don't
see a way through this door that's
obvious
Sara Jane is saying how disappointed and
or annoyed would you be if you suddenly
received a Nintendo switch wink nudge I
mean I wouldn't be annoyed well and
here's thing I don't hate look I don't
hate the idea I just I just know
Nintendo you're gonna get four games out
of it maybe three to two you know if you
don't like everything they do maybe two
games you actually give a shit well cuz
I don't give you should've like smash
right they come out with a new smash I'm
gonna be like right if they come
yourself if a new Mario Cart that's
probably not gonna excite you too really
I mean I wouldn't hate it it's Mario
Kart for me personally not worth buying
a system and so you get a zeldo and loss
every other console you get a 3d Mario
right so I guess it's time for the next
3d Mario there was a 3d Mario in the
indie video so we can assume there's a
three okay okay
like also rich and I are in an
incredibly advantageous position where
for us buying a switch is is a business
expense so you know obviously like we'll
get one for the show but no it's the
amber light yeah it's the amber alert
game oh fuck
oh yeah yeah oh yeah bullshit they just
need to release stuff on mobile
platforms and offer some kind of
controller that works with phone Richard
I would I would love a controller that
works with phones more easily I saw I
saw this amazing thing and I got really
excited before I realized I couldn't use
it on my iPhone look I'm not saying I'm
more excited about phone games than I am
switch games I'm just saying trying to
become a successful product they're
competing with phones and a lot of
people don't mind right I saw this
wonderful controller for phones and
tanda tablets
you know iPads and such we're using
software you can actually tell the
tablet where to press and you know what
button it correlates with on the on the
controller yeah so if it's if it's a
game that wasn't designed for a
controller you could still use a
controller and just tell the controller
where to touch what and I thought that
was genius tell me where the controller
touched you tell me unfortunately it
does not work with with iPhones that are
not jailbroken so I'm a little
disappointed but that's a great idea
that's what we did we just need a
controller that works with the phone
nicely I was thinking about getting a
Wii U in a 3d so the 3d s is a solid
investment the Wii U I have I have
personally not touched my Wii U in
months I wasn't necessarily super
excited about in the first place but hey
you know Mario Kart smash and I'm sure
more games will come out for it I'm sure
sure it's basically right now the Wii U
is a as a Minecraft machine for my kids
that's it mm-hm and even even my kids
don't like it anymore because they watch
minecraft let's play videos oh you don't
care about actually playing Minecraft no
and then they get really annoyed because
they say hey I want to do that thing
that guy did in the let's play video and
I look it up and I say oh you can't that
was a mod you need to play that on PC
and they go well let's play it on PC
then which is true this is a
conversation about my children
so already my children are understanding
that PC gaming is better which is great
why I'm teaching them well I'm trying to
teach them well rich earthbound is what
made me bone yeah you can get are found
on the Wii U now that's true
but um I don't know I don't know I
switch I we're gonna get one because we
got it you know you got to do a thing on
it we'll do a thing on it but will it be
good who knows will it be a game changer
probably not but it is something
different and I think that that should
be applauded they're trying they're
trying something different
let's try something different
what's with the neon glowing cloak if
you pay attention to like when rich does
his ghost jump the cloak changes colors
and and that's the visualization of the
cooldown I believe yeah that's what the
neon glowing cloak is all about do I
know any card tricks no I'm sorry I do
not know any card tricks I never learned
magic in my clowning routines
the switch is a Pokemon delivery service
with minor side benefits like a handful
of other regurgitated franchises yeah
listen Nintendo and I hate the Pokemon
so it's not for me most likely it won't
be for me like Mario would mine another
Mario game would mothers only a that's
that's about it with Pokemon currently
with Pokemon Nintendo has a money
printing service so they they get to
take risks the the portable tablet
console and whatever hmm could be fun
here's what I will tell you playing
Pokemon Y which currently is the is the
newest Pokemon but there's another one
coming out I don't like it as much as
the older Pokemon they changed some
stuff up that that make me really know
that we're I'm not into it no for fuck's
sake
I want a Metroid that that isn't stupid
Nazzaro I agree I want another I want a
good Metroid I want a good Metroid
that's not stupid let's see here I've on
mage a switch is a stick used for
punishment so Jack I say step on a crack
break your Mario's back when a problem
comes along you must switch it PS pass
through DVD order now - now great that's
true that's right then that's very funny
I've on mage get to switch the Duke of
prunes you're incorrect Darren
Aronofsky's Black Swan is a great movie
I really enjoyed it
I've more more than any movie in recent
memory it has some of the most wonderful
and purposeful cinematography I've ever
seen you can pay attention the the
camera movements in Black Swan tell a
story of characterization and it's great
it's also a fun way of doing a retelling
of black one but I liked it and from a
cinematography standpoint it's just it's
just the bee's knees
look valuable lesson can't walk into the
thing and also lesbians you're right
also lesbians that's that's the other
important part of Black Swan how do I
turn off this torch this
good question that wasn't on before I
climbed up there I thought is there
press what is it left you have to go to
those things I don't know I don't know
what I need to do Jack probably do you
probably needs to go to those things but
which is better Iron Man 3 or Black Swan
they're both good for very different
reasons you horrible people well damn he
fell off the thing real McCobb I am
really looking forward to seeing Noah I
actually I saw there was a there was a
copy of Noah here at the studio and and
I asked Mike if I could borrow it like
oh oh I was actually really looking
forward to seeing Noah
so you know Darren Aronofsky weird
trippy by a biblical tale and I think
this is gonna be great
can I can I can I borrow this I promise
I'll get it back to in a couple days and
and Mike's like fuckin take it I don't
care I got that as a gift it's like well
fine so I'm looking forward to watching
Noah
I've heard it's weird as fuck which I
believe because it's darren aronofsky
movie so I'm looking forward to it Zak
is wack
speaking of controllers rich I now
understand why you don't like vibration
Vanquish while great had the controller
shake for 30% of the games yeah
even started to make me feel a little
loopy that's great okay so that turned
off the light over there for some reason
and that's fine
oh oh yeah The Wrestler like if you guys
for anyone who has not seen the wrestler
get on that shit the wrestler is
fantastic if you need it if you need a
reason to love darren aronofsky watch
the wrestler
and the blue blaze says have have you
played any of the Saints rows games no
you deal with it how do I neither right
that's a big franchise hmm
also before I go my mom America yes
that's her name said that nobody
pronounces thus nests as sn' s could you
please tell her that everyone does I've
heard a pronounced both SNES and smash
most mostly I hear snus snis yeah well
what the s nests the SNES you spell
let's spell out each letter we're gonna
sound out each other right Yesenia right
I've also heard it that way more often
than not I hear snez or just super
intellect I've heard you're a dumbass no
I'm agreeing with you rich I've still
heard you're a dumbass
ah let's see here base 9 Wario says here
is two dollars and 70 cents to celebrate
my 27th birthday tomorrow happy birthday
base 9 Mario you young prick you here
cheers to good health for everyone at
our LM and everyone in the prereq chat
today yes to health I've always said
SNES I only heard it called nests when I
started watching video game YouTube
channels snis the Supes
no one calls it the Supes I don't know
what honestly I don't know what way I do
it what I'm not thinking about it
useiess Ness I do that's why they
brought it up okay that's why they
brought it because useiess nests and and
he the blue blaze says his mom's had no
one pronounces its nests but apparently
I do you do so fuck off yeah what does
it matter
cheers Basin anyone where Mario yes to
health as I chug my 13th beer of evening
right I started this dream with an
energy drink now I have a beer to health
I need it it's a fine beer Oktoberfest
from revolution brewing very nice very
nice beer
the the Super Nintendo is that we've
called the Super Nintendo yes
yeah I got my foo burning candle the
super nests the foo Burnett the doopa
doopa doopa net what na zdrowie Jack
that I don't know what that means
rich is fine tonight he's being funny
how are you enjoying this so far that's
okay it's not a revolution in gaming
good but I don't hate it
high praise
you just get points for disappearing
their bodies which seems odd yeah I mean
you got the powerup to disappear their
bodies Jack it's fine it's absolutely
fine is it yeah yeah I gotta figure out
how I open this fucking door god damn it
you probably have to open up the other
glowy gold thing oh did you do that
already there's a second glow orb thing
right yeah go check out that noise over
there I got a Gamecube again a little
while back and have been playing a lot
lately I game Cuba had some great games
I'm trying to think of one that wasn't
made by an ax - oh they had Resident
Evil 4 that was that was one not made by
Nintendo that was a great game also a
beautiful Joe that was Gamecube right
yes dude GameCube ruled I had my purple
Gamecube it looks great Super Mario
Sunshine is highly underrated is it
underrated yeah hey I thought it was
rated perfectly and everyone loved it
because it's a great game no people hate
it
people hated it yeah fuck them Super
Mario Sunshine is great alright Metroid
Prime wanted to III I was thinking of
non Nintendo games that were great on
the Gamecube nope nope no see him
alertness wise what I can get away with
gotcha
you know what I I know everyone loves
eternal darkness I never played it did
you play eternal darkness like Goldeneye
but it's not Goldeneye I don't care it's
the shooter with a with analog stick
shooter yeah what was the other like
Beyond Good and Evil yeah that was like
a Zelda with like a reporter chick
instead of link oh I never played it
though okay I never played it either I
know that one
that one's one of those like beloved
Colts beloved uh best game no one played
Beyond Good and Evil prime wasn't
Nintendo it was retro studios oh okay
well then then prime counts prime is
great games
I loved Metroid Prime all three of them
even the third one with the weird Wii
mode shooting I'm down with that
that's not eternal darkness that's
perfect dark perfectly alright well then
I don't know which one eternal darkness
is so perfect dark we played that on
stream that is the the golden eye but
not Goldeneye okay eternal darkness is
not a shooter it's a crazy survival
horror oh then I doubly don't care okay
right great people know my taste so well
I'm down with the sickness at Wow
absolutely
those who think you guys are just not
too much into games or we don't like the
same games you like or there's a lot of
fucking games and it's hard to remember
them sometimes well you know I hate rich
it's fine it's fine
you could you confuse two games that
both have darkened I hate certain genres
so that means I'm not a gamer mmm-hmm
I've heard that about you buy those yeah
yeah you're not a real gamer all gamers
like survival horror you don't like
survival hard you're not a gamer not a
real game
hehehe Darkman dark I don't know why you
just said dark man question mark but
that's five documents a fine movie
should were you watch dark man you know
what I rewatched recently spider-man -
yeah Sam Raimi's great Sam Raimi's a
great director what the spider-man - I'm
gonna put this out here might be the
most comic book II movie ever made
yeah yeah it's slow it deals far more
with it's just not fun to tell me I'm
acquire spider-man it's far more with
like relationship drama than it does
actual plot tone-wise those movies feel
more like a DC movie than a Marvel film
I don't know where you get that from I
don't know where you get that from
that's crazy talk that's crazy talk rich
oh how it explodes
spider-man to top 10 all-time for me
it's like a lot of it
I feel hasn't aged particularly well and
it is weird because it's it's very goofy
and you know it's Sam Raimi so it's got
it has like slapstick humor in him and
comparing it to modern-day comic book
movies it's slightly dated but it's
still great and it's just the right
amount of cheesy and like I said it
deals with it like relationship dramas
and it leaves stuff open-ended almost as
if it was a monthly comic book and they
know like we're closing this this gap
but he were opening up a whole new gap
for next week's issue I'd rather he made
Evil Dead 4 instead of the smarter read
films that was one of the roadblocks
what the spider-man movies he was too
busy doing those oh those were fun I
don't blame them cuz I'm sure he made a
shit ton of money making those
spider-man films but that's that's the
reason we didn't get more ash until ash
vs. Evil Dead we cannot we got Macho Man
Randy Savage as bone saw and I'm okay
with that
switch Radek not really we do not meet
up with other youtubers that's a
community the community I'm sure they're
fine I I have like talked with other
youtubers before like on Twitter and
such I had a back and forth with Adam
from your movie sucks and every once in
a while I know Adam is is here in the
twitch chat and I've checked out his
twitch livestreams before just cuz I
like the stuff he does but no I've never
like like there's no we don't go to
meetups or anything
a bunch of potatoes youtubers all three
films are pretty much the exact same
movie well you know they're similar
totally I like him I like him
they've helped make comic book movies
just a viable thing in general your
movie sucks great yeah yeah I like I
like your movie sucks he has some fun
things to say about movies and I like
watching his videos when he says stuff
about movies Adam is wonderful also a
merc yep great great yeah I don't know I
don't know if like I've interacted with
anyone else
like who makes a youtube videos but I
watch a lot of YouTube videos so that
counts the one time I get Jack to ask
one of my questions and I spell a word
wrong I'm so sorry Switzer attic that's
what you get
you've got to be on point spelling lies
you know me I'm a stickler for spelling
correctly
Vsauce II I've seen Vsauce I don't watch
anymore
I don't know particular reason I don't
mind their videos but what's-his-face
the main guy yeah
Bob I must know he seems like such a
smug prick really yeah I don't know
that's even true just that's the vibe I
get sure watching those videos he's a
know-it-all smug prick oh yeah
and he loved for age three age three I
don't know what that is I'm sorry do you
know at age three sure I love it it's
great oh great what's your next question
there's a lot of people making YouTube
videos
I don't know days is I don't know I just
don't know
there's there's just a lot of good
content that's the that's the wonderful
thing about about right now there's just
a lot of content and a lot of it can be
very specific you know like I love like
computer file a lot of the stuff that
Brady does I'm not familiar with
computer a computer file I've watched
numberphile member to it and produced by
the same guy computer files just like
talking about like old how operating
system was working now you know how a
computer reads drives and like very like
simple old-school computer technology
it's really neat Brady Harrington lady
who does all the files who does the
numberphile and computer file
Brady something Brady
help help help chatting help chat help
chat Thank You Brady Haran oh great
they're all fuckin alerted to that shit
I wanted just him to get alerted me
that's not how it went down
Brady Haran he's good like I and I found
him he does a podcast with GCP gray who
is another youtuber who I really enjoy
Brady Haran does some good videos
i-i've never seen I don't know anything
about nostalgia critic but the the I've
seen a couple videos from I don't know
if they're associated with each other a
nostalgia chick she has her own YouTube
channel and she does like interesting
breakdowns of of movies and such and I
don't know if they are in this like if
they made videos together
but uh I think her name is nostalgic I
forget I don't know nostalgia critic I
mean I know of him but I don't know if
I've ever seen a video of it yeah so
they used to be associated but not emo
okay she I like her videos she yeah
falling out Hey
they had a nostalgia falling out how
durable comic book girl nineteen I don't
know if I've ever seen her I'm sorry
comic book girl adores you guys great I
like her I've seen her a couple of her
videos oh yeah yeah she's loving the
pink hair right chap can I got that that
punk look going on burglar bars eye
rocker it's all part of the nostalgia
expanded cinematic youtube averse nice
noise no she just she just put out a
really interesting video on like the
three act structure and why it's
important in movies and why it's so
prevalent in movies and I thought that
was a really interesting video
she has her own fuck bot oh great
there's a lot there's a lot of great
content out there I forgot to do what a
time what a time to be alive what a time
to be a consumer I'm not doing great I'm
not doing great jack yeah yeah I'm sorry
you're still on this how it's always
weird playing and talking them it is not
only is it weird it's difficult it's uh
it's difficult every frame a painting oh
yeah I've seen I've seen some every
frame a painting that's good
there's blue stuff I know I I like shut
up sit down
that's a boardgame review they make they
make videos about board games Matt Lee's
in general I enjoy his commentary I
don't often agree with him I don't
always agree with him he really likes no
man's sky so but I enjoy Matt leaves in
general
no wait I did it again I know I did it
again love shut yeah shut up and sit
downs great if you if you are a person
into board games and then oh I'm sorry
so I would probably agree with him 100%
maybe check out Matt Lee stuff he does
good work not close to throwing
something I've just been playing too
long and I'm a little fatigued think so
that's okay but I'll get past her soon
you can give it a try Jeff yeah I will
fail harder than you will yeah well
we're streaming from the same building
just a different room in the building
we've been moved and now we have a
different background as you can see we
are now we are now streaming from the
storage room because that's the kind of
priorities on previously recorded we
have to we have to move a bunch of boxes
out of the way
but you know it's fine hey have you guys
ever heard of rim world it's like Dwarf
Fortress but without the insane learning
curve rim world rich what he know about
rim world I know nothing about rim or
else we're in world though all right
great
so it's like a thing with a rim another
thing with the room that's that RIM
thing sure sure yeah yeah great I love
it great I love all the things you like
as if I don't you people want to eat me
alive it's true that's true
ah let's see your evil kumquats a Saints
Row 4 was the best superhero video game
I've played even though it wasn't
technically a superhero game the
controls make you feel like superhero
more than any anything with DC or marvel
license great right and game child UK
says after finding battle fronts a huge
disappointment and hardline looked
bland from the start I'm really enjoying
battlefield ones multiplayer on PC glad
the naysayers were wrong world war 1
made a good game oh I didn't even know
that was out I am I'm excited to try
that out
battlefield 1 yeah it's the the the
least interesting world war I don't
really care I got some food most
interesting thing about World War 1 was
the Christmas truce with equipment group
I was an unofficial truce Christmas game
ok and the soldiers should stop fighting
yeah
you have the yeah that both line is
actually intermingling oh it was kind of
yes and no they never soldiers didn't
want to go back eventually
like some of the generals think they
were they're actually like playing games
and whatnot like in the middle of lines
and I they wanted the people in charge
wanted the war back so I heard I heard
in some areas where they just weren't
going back to fighting like some of the
higher command just they just went out
in the field where they were playing and
just started shooting some of the enemy
soldiers to get the war back on is what
I have heard you guys you guys are
ruining my yes this is my war so the
Christmas truce is is highly interesting
to me oh no and you know I I like the I
think there's a I think there's a lot
more interesting visuals that could be
had in World War one
horses versus tanks fuck
horses versus tanks take win spoiler
well of course the tanks wind bless your
Indiana Jones but it's fun but it's fun
rich
what do we do to see how long we've been
streaming uptime how does that work
hold on exclamation point up time to
okay time to stand up everybody let's
stand up again recycle some cans I know
I can do better I'm just not
something long enough to figure that one
out
hello everybody hello everybody
oh pardon me yo sorry I'm back
everything's fine
I cannot stand up with you I cannot
stand up you are making me jealous I'm
very sorry but I did resulting to the
handi-capable Jeff sure is then you know
what like do a pull-up or something roll
around or blow into a tube and roll
around and get some wind in your face
you insensitive jerk I am
ah hello Joe kitty fiddles Rick says I
love how rich said World War one was the
least interesting of all the world wars
as if there were more than two give it
time give it time
yeah I'm still excited to check out
battlefield one it's it's gonna be tough
to pull me away from overwatch though
god I love overwatch thank you fuckin
good I've been uh I've been hardcore
maining Zarya recently and I think I
love her she she's a tough nut to crack
because uh her her big thing is she can
put shields around herself and teammates
but only for a very short amount of time
and the more those shields get Oh
bullshit that was bullshit rich those
absolute bullshit but check to you
leftover what I fucking love over
watching so the more those shields get
hit by enemy fire the stronger her gun
gets and so you're actually kind of
useless in battle until you take a
little damage
and so it's uh she's she's not like
she's not good for beginner players but
I am so into her recently
Zaria and it's that's kind of the fun of
overwatch is because it has so many
different characters you it's it's like
you learn a new game once you start
maining a new character
Zaria is BS no i love her and like and
her ultimate she creates like a black
hole vortex that sucks all the enemies
into the black hole and so you know if
you're talking to your team you know you
tell them like oh my black holes almost
ready and then they get ready and you
suck all the enemy team into a vortex
and then everybody fires on them and you
kill everyone and it's the greatest so
yeah when you can hit when you when you
hit the Zarya rhythm she's great but you
know you can't be too aggressive with
her you can't be at the front of the
lines you actually because you need a
buddy to put a shield on to take damage
so your weapon can get more powerful so
you have to hang back a little bit it's
it reinforcing teamwork is incredibly
important with Zarya Jack yeah I just
played gear Devore here's a war for I
know the way you play multiplayer is to
run around with a shotgun that's true
right that's true you you press with the
roll button Jesus Christ Jack you
probably aim what can I say rich I'm
kind of a noob so yeah I aim all the
time
I almost dunno rolling and I barely ever
use a shotgun you're doing it wrong
yes basically all of Gears of War 4 is
being Reaper imagine an entire team of
Reapers then you got Gears of War 4
multiplayer and role like a jackass I
did not enjoy the Gears of War 4
multiplayer and I didn't play much
because I didn't really enjoy it you
don't see all that blood nope
that could be anybody's blood rage he
doesn't know there's no body anonymous
is not enough Star Trek talk for the
night Star Trek is good so war there you
go we're done we did it we did the thing
the thing you wanted the thing he
demanded thing for the people rich has
already told his Star Trek convention
stories of favourite episodes we've been
through before but we can touch again a
little bit also foud mean gallo
which means fuck my cock much love from
brazil i'm trying to think of a new Star
Trek episode to talk about because you
know like there's a lot of fun ones I
really like the Darmok and Jalad episode
mostly because it's unique I'm trying to
think of another fun one to talk about
though we've talked constantly on how
Voyager ruined - the Borg as an enemy
either good Voyager episodes there are
maybe there's some ok ones I think good
good asking for a bit much who I can't
dissolve them else cuz they're in the
library the light
well you know that makes sense I like
that a world with rules rich it's a
world with rules was it was it Voyager
or was a TNG that had the the race of
hunters Voyager who wanted who like took
over Voyager and just tried to expand
the holodeck a holiday vis Voyager
that's that's a fun episode I like that
yeah well you know so like they they
took over the Voyager and they they just
they fell in love with the holodeck
because it was like a training room for
them for hunting yeah
and that episode alone wasn't the best
but I loved that race came back later in
the season and they tried to work out
some sort of deal with Voyager for their
holodeck technology in an effort for
them to wean themselves off of hunting
you know there was another episode was
there where they made the Holograms too
smart
they made the hologram sentient because
they wanted to hunt something smart and
so the hologram started killing off the
hunters oh is that they got Holograms
got their own sham one yeah did you
learn that Janeway violated the prime
directive by giving them that technology
in the first place for exactly the
reasons of what happened she's no Wars
Jen wait Janeway reaffirmed the prime
directive you know good work Janeway let
it go but you know what that's an
example of really fun world building in
Star Trek you know oh we like that oh oh
there you go rich nope you're on the
roof you figured no I haven't this is
doing me nothing Wow
can you get on the other of that roof no
no okay
Janeway is the fucking worst hmm whoa
whoa what happened anything glitch out
then came back though no star ha rules
that's always her reason her reasoning
was it's not my quadrant I got to get my
people home you still you that's why you
follow the fucking rules you always
follow the rules that's Star Trek's
thing
well that was those NextGen's things
Jesus Christ
always be following rules well fuck me
what this oh you figured it out yeah
wait a lot of shenanigans if I knew
about this oh yeah you figured it out
eventually all right anonymous says
speaking of Voyager I'm going through
season five and the episode curse
oblivion where the voids from the
demon's planet forgot their clones but
Janeway basically too stubborn to accept
it fail I don't necessarily remember
that episode yes jyggalag Janeway is bad
because the writers write her bad school
code Kate Mulgrew great actress yes but
the writers didn't know what kind of
character they wanted her to be and so
every writing it writer treated her a
little bit differently and so what you
have is a very uneven character Kate
Mulgrew is great and there are moments
where Janeway is fine but she's never
quite her own thing oh there's a dollop
they're rich there's a dollop they're
rich you call that a doll oh it looked
like a doll that's a piece of paper yeah
I thought it was a doll it's fine it
looked a bit like a doll
here I'll summize for you here it goes
do you need that paper to do go shit he
goes cool baby no jack
what even ghosts want it no I don't
believe either of us are interested in
titanfall - no I do hear that they've
included a story this time I still
remote a single-player mode
yeah that's not enough to necessarily
get me interested i overall III I think
we talked about this in the episode like
I liked the general idea of you know you
piloting a shit oh yeah you're right in
the middle now you know piloting a
big-ass robot and wreaking havoc I just
I didn't much care for the gameplay but
no no not looking forward to titanfall
t-t-to Tim yeah you note it and pull to
hit them Phil Deighton Phil to you they
got hoes at reboots they get other
reboots into two bits two bits four bits
game child you okay hey Jack let's fuck
god damn it go I'll take that it was
slot but you'll take it yeah let's talk
about Bucky's arm
you're right can tell you okay dear Lord
so it's no come to this I think that was
clearly a joke also rich there is a dr
for season pass announced Dead Rising
four Dead Rising form now I've lost all
interest in there taking out the timer
it seems like it's gonna be a dumber
game Oh or is that dead no okay
and they announced they made a dead a
Red Dead parody poster funny because Red
Dead is on track to be good Dead Rising
forward to be a failure
I never played the original Red Dead
Redemption it's great Jack you're
missing out I hear I hear great things
I've heard nothing but great things just
never got around to it one of those
games I never got around to thank you
for whoever got rid of that the SEC the
theistic law don't write stuff like that
is weird and think of space like a bunch
of like not emojis but like garbled e
Guk and I was trying I think I was
trying to be funny and it's just it's
just useless we're not obligated to read
anything and if we can't read it we
certainly won't just in a chat and
thankfully one of our fine mods deleted
the comments so we don't have to look at
it you can play it on PC via PS an owl
dead dead Red Dead Redemption dead bread
but soup doop doop doop
it's on the ps4 no they're saying word
on the PC via PS now explain that's just
what they said what does a PS now I
should know that PS now I believe is you
can remotely play your PlayStation games
via computer hold on oh it's not the
same I'm googling it right now for you I
want to be able to put the old consoles
in the the dustbin okay
ps4 PS now is the subscription service
that lets you stream a hundreds of ps3
games to your ps4 and Windows PC so that
actually that might be what you're
looking for rich should we check your
bank wishes on there let's explore the
catalogue
I like Battlestar Galactica I like the
new the new Battlestar Galactica uh-huh
why not
I enjoyed it I thought the ending was a
little weak but overall I really enjoyed
it
edward james olmos is the man everyone
knows that bank wish i didn't type
anything bang wish bank wish by download
what can you download vanquish on oh i'm
ps3 i don't know if you can play
vanquish on PS now but apparently yeah
if you want PS now offers you to stream
ps3 games to your pc that could be fun I
don't know
wait isn't Dean who's Dean Stockwell he
was L from quantum leap that's right he
was in in Battlestar Galactica that he
wasn't them I forgot there's a lot of
people that good Joe finds you good
you'll find Joe ends kind of man but of
time everything's fine
alright this time something I gotta find
a way to turn off that lantern
yeah oh it's like there's one yeah it's
probably on the other side gotta find
those blue probably gonna go back and
forth between the two sides it's way too
easy just to murder everyone but I
suppose I should challenge myself but
write whatever you have to pay an
additional $15 for P oh so PS now is $15
a month fuck all of this shit you're
talking about then what yeah
fifteen dollars a month to stream ps3
games to your PC alright I got my groove
back great that's great
what can't sometimes I just don't know
they you know chat gets into its own
conversation sometimes and I just can't
keep up yeah that's fine
now let's see he Rhine stir wine star
best Voyager episode is worst case
scenario
Tom discovers two Vox make Wis mutiny
scenario as it's much more realistic
than most Voyager episodes o makki sorry
Mikey Tom discovers two Vox McKee mutiny
scenario as it's much more realistic
than most Voyager episodes how about the
episode when neelix discovers that his
afterlife was bullshit and his beliefs
are wrong I don't know there is an
episode about that though yeah yeah he
has a near-death experience and he
doesn't see the happy forest the happy
the happy forest that everyone goes to
when they die he doesn't see any he sees
nothing because he's the he's dead for
like hours and and the doc brings him
back to life I
I apologize everyone I'm momentary
blanked on the McKee the rogue group and
it's spelled funny
make--the Sam Mikey Mikey Mikey Mikey
Mikey Mikey
dammit all right I don't know how to get
across wasn't the McKee abandoned by
episode 2 yeah oh yeah yeah that whole
that whole interesting tension was done
with by episode 2 or 3 never to be heard
from again the voyage is not about
interesting things
all right let's see I got a bit of bit
of the rich what the offs which says
please never change I know it must get
tiring coming up with new ways to tell
RPG fanboys to go fuck themselves comes
natural but it's the Lord's work and
those fucks deserve it
rich yes doing great thank you doing
great Sarah Chen so Jack did you end up
swiping the rest of that soju do I
remember what soju is that was remember
that mystery drink that you drank you
thought it was so no but it wasn't soda
oh there was only one more bottle of it
and yeah I took it home and drank it and
I liked it
mostly because I had already drank the
one and I was a little tipsy so I'm a
bitch son of a bitch soju P PS you're
doing great rich thank you that's right
soju that like it was like a grape fruit
juice soda beer well he fell in the
wrong spot well I'm not Emma said it's
funny that we're all starting to cut the
cord yet we'll end up paying the same if
not more for all the streaming service
we want in the end that's true anonymous
but we'll end up with the stuff that we
want there is the difference you know
you add up Hulu and Netflix and HBO go
and all that in the end up paying a lot
but it's more it's more aligned to what
we're actually watching instead of
ending up with a hundred cable channel
so that you don't watch we're
streamlining we're let it we're inviting
an open marketplace to entertainment
it's great it's great oh no there's more
than one in there
that won't do No yeah you know I I'm
canceling Hulu um I used to like it
because they had high quality reruns of
shows that I watch but since the CW app
came out I don't really use whom that
much anymore
CW apps the way to go I wish every
channel had a standalone app like that
with high quality streams sure they have
ads but who cares cuz you can watch the
shows whenever you want to and it's free
it's a free you know just free app you
fucks you fucks it's free you fucks it's
free and it's great everyone likes it
that or only me cuz i watch Supergirl
and flash and red green arrow not red
arrow that's not a thing Hulu has new
key now what
there you go tell me more about project
horny the project Hornets Hornets a
whole different thing that's a whole
different thing we're working on super
secret project Hornet explain explain
this all again just people come in and
out so what we're looking for if you're
new to the stream what I need right now
is someone who can either do technical
drawings or is proficient in CAD or
another 3d rendering software to make a
design or to help me with a design for
production I would like to produce a
product and I need either a technical
drawing or a 3d design if you are
proficient this is a paying gig I have
money to spend on this email me at
prereq at red letter media dot-com and
we can talk put in the subject line
project Hornet and include your
portfolio let me see the work you've
done oh I don't even notice the stuff
defensive techniques often oh cool is
this a paying position yes yes I will
pay you for your time we will discuss
rates via email as it might be
inappropriate to discuss rates while you
can't talk to me if you put project
horny in your subject line I might be
apt to delete it so Project Hornet if
you want to get into project horny that
is a whole different thing is this for
an important position no no this is a
paying gig I need someone who can do
decent technical drawing of a product
I'm hoping to mass-produce
five hundred dollars per hour plus
expenses you probably won't get that
much putting that out there
no MS paints is not good enough I'm
sorry
epic Jason have you said send me your
stuff if but it like I like I said I
can't use just random drawings I need
someone who can who can do some you know
possibly mock-ups products send me a
info we need we need someone it's gonna
be great
estimate on how long until Project
Hornet goes public that depends entirely
on how fast drawings can be made and a
whole bunch of other things super secret
project Hornet we will eventually talk
about I'm not pooh-poohing project horny
project horny that's that's just a
different business model that rich and I
aren't necessarily going after and I
think is is a frowned upon
with twitches terms and services so
organic industrial what are we talking
here
technological we're talking
technological
Jack trigger Tory says I will do it for
free but I can't draw and I don't work
you hired and you fired boom easy
I have a cousin he draws racecars but
he's only eight but he has a real talent
won't won't be helpful won't be helpful
also probably not helpful if you just
draw like monsters and shit oh this is a
very helpful skill you have here now can
you pay under the table unrelated
questions are you hiring illegal aliens
can we pay under the table obviously I
have to say no we can't this is being
recorded this is being recorded so
technically of course we cannot pay you
under the table we cannot pay you under
the table if you get my meaning
illegal aliens are perfect for a project
horny whole different projects frantic
horny the IRS is in the chat hey I don't
know who's in the chat I don't know
who's in the chat I don't know who will
refer to this video in what is that in
future legal battles but we will not pay
under the table where's the thing that
was up on the roof that was down there
it project horny that's all under the
table if you get my drift under under
tables skirts if I go down that hole am
I gonna miss out whatever I was over
there you can probably go back up the
hole I assume oh no pre-record stop
being audited oh okay because we have we
did and will not pay anybody under the
table exactly in all of us they know we
won't pay anyone under the table I keep
very tight records of all business
expenses and they're very important to
me for tax rate paid under the table you
can't get paid under the table
nope nope so I know we're like we're
joking but seriously no we will not pay
anyone under the table this wall you
will you'll be hired legitimately and
have to report any income on your taxes
as I will report the expenditure on my
tax forms so
so that person has to be the American no
of course you don't have to be an
American for the job you can I mean you
can be whoever you want to be I'm just I
have to report the expenditure so I
assume wherever you live
you have to report the income if you
don't that's great it's great on where
you live but nerd I know I have a nerd
I'm a nerd but you know I also have a
family so Wow like paying my taxes is
pretty important I don't know who
handles our alums finances these are my
finances and I handle them our alum
handles our alums finances let's see
here game child UK says I was optimistic
for the NX then they revealed to switch
and I'm sad can they just put a third
party friendly console without the dumb
gimmicks waiting to see more but so far
not dropping money on day one no they
can't they can't what they can't put on
our console without gimmicks okay
they're going up against Sony and
Microsoft who do more things than video
games and they have they have bases that
way they have resources to work with
that you know they're manufacturing
resources that Nintendo doesn't that's
true that's absolutely true it would
cost Nintendo a lot to sell a system
that was as powerful as the Xbox one and
the ps4 and and and hope it catches on
or they'll make up you know the losses
will be enough to make up for it with
the games yeah they're not going to do
that the the gimmick however that might
get people to buy a super-duper Wii U oh
I'm sorry the switch but I also think
think like they did the gimmick once
with the we had really really weren't
think about your history think about how
well the Wii sold
boom the gimmick can work and it can pay
off a big time
you can't but that's that's why my race
analogy was so important where it's like
Nintendo can't beat Sony and Microsoft
in a footrace they have to not race at
all and just do their own thing which is
what they're doing with the switch will
it work who knows
look how poorly the Wiis software sold
doesn't matter the console sold
incredible fucking my mom bought a Wii I
don't know if she ever played it she
bought one motion control was he all the
only thing people cared about was that
damn bowling game yeah they just wanted
a Wii bowling yeah I can Bowl from home
now it's great and they all balled one
game and then never touch to the Wii
again but that's okay
Nintendo didn't care they made money I
probably care in the sense that they
like to continually make more money from
these same people sure so they care now
we're going down here my 95 year old
grandmother has a Wii for fitness eggs
oh by the way another fucking gimmick
the balance board for fitness yeah that
went fucking gangbusters
slim mushy has about I have heard of the
game the movies we try to manage your
own movie studio I haven't given it much
thought and I haven't played it but yes
I've heard of it well damn this could
have gone better yep tired and says as I
recently rewatched Close Encounters of
the Third Kind fucking son of a bitch
that's what you get for watching that
Close Encounters of the Third Kind
fucking son of a bitch it's a great
movie let's see here it had been so long
since I had seen it and honestly the
whole thing felt like I was
rediscovering a JJ Abrams movie good
material for review yeah Close
Encounters is great Richard Dreyfuss
weird alien stuff good shit good shit
Close Encounters you know just like a
little a little bit of sci-fi weirdness
the mostly human drama stuff great Close
Encounters is great movie right Craig a
nation like that was just the right
timing where it sounded like rich really
hated Close Encounters of the Third Kind
it's fine Close Encounters just fine you
sort of a bitch I'm done so good and
then I triggered an alarm and heard yeah
it physically hurt mmm Ryan Starr says
in addition to Neelix's existential
existential crisis the episode where
Harry Kim ruins an entire societies
religion by coming back from the
afterlife oh yeah yeah keep on keepin on
gentlemen fuck cock etc that's great
that's great
oh that sounds great fits fiddles Berg
midnight special
have you seen midnight special no no I
did not die here it's like early
Spielberg meets carpenter oh I'm gonna
write that down
that sounds great that sounds great
midnight special do with my little thing
I got a note in my notebook right here
and I got a little one that says watch
oh she's still alive probably know he's
just glitching oh didn't you didn't you
disappear him yours
no cuz I'm in the middle of a action
sequence here where I buckled him
bundling and added it thank you
man oh good
that sounds great
rich how's the game so far uh getting
better yeah I know you were you were in
you were kind of mad earlier
yeah that's great I like Spielberg dead
or retired Abrams doesn't have a depth
of talent he's literally just aping
without understanding what Spielberg
does yeah Abe Abrams Abrams violates the
style of Spielberg but isn't really good
at emulating the emotional connection
that Spielberg is so good at it's quite
possible that JJ Abrams is not a human
and just sees the visuals and says this
is what humans look like Spielberg I
mean
I don't even know if I want to call him
the poor man Spielberg
he's the poor man's photocopy of
Spielberg anything about our son I hate
JJ Abrams that's not to be harsh on him
III don't think it's harsh to say he's
no Spielberg because you know Spielberg
Spielberg yeah I like a lot of what
Abrams does scroll I just I I think he
does a lot of it without the human side
of it yo man
hello human Jumeirah King hold on I will
I will check I'm sure I get them I I
will get all of your emails regarding
project to Hornet but if you would like
me to double check right now Mick yes
super secret project Hornet I see your
email right on top
I will check all of these tomorrow
morning
thank you everyone by the way I've hit a
bit of a dead end as my role of producer
on Project Hornet and this will be very
helpful as it turns out it's hard to
make something when you don't know how
to make it insane but true right right
do you need shadow to teleport yeah okay
Indiana Jones is boring stereotypical
stuff I don't know if Indiana Jones is
like best Spielberg Indiana Jones it's
great that's not best Spielberg as far
as I'm concerned who's my favorite just
Spielberg in general my favorite
Spielberg movie yeah yeah Indiana Jones
yeah you know you might not be the best
example of one of his films sure I don't
know but oh no you know like now that I
say it I like it's hard to come up with
like you know what my favorite is but
he's good that Spielberg
JJ Abrams is that his absolute worst
whenever he works with Damon Lindelof
Damon is literally a curse yeah
literally a curse literally that's what
they're saying and don't want to be on
the underside of that yeah that's for
you probably right
rustic people are listing off examples
of better Spielberg's and I will say
absolute favorite Spielberg Jurassic
Park
no you take Indiana Jones / Jurassic
Park yeah yeah you're crazy man it was
on the other side right it was on the
under said I would take I would take
Jurassic Park over Indiana Jones yeah hi
that's mean we are different people rich
with different tastes Jurassic Park is
one for me that wore off after like 1 or
2 views oh sorry
they're crazy man the way I feel about
it I'm sorry
you should 1 you should be sorry no
that's me to me oh yeah I'm not just not
for me a dress yeah that looks like I
dunno but yeah you're on the Ender see
the circles on the underbelly I don't
know if you came together well obviously
it kin yeah this is where you could use
a mouse
yep
oh no and and I say this as someone I
love the Indiana Jones movies all three
of them I love all three Indiana Jones
movies but Jurassic Park I'm not as
bitter about Crystal Skull as some I am
Jurassic Park is just one of my favorite
movies of all time and so it's it would
be hard
it's a dethrone that I'm not even saying
Jurassic Park hasn't aged well that's
not what I'm saying what I'm saying is
the thrill of it wore off right
twitchplayspokemon that's how Jay felt -
Jay also wanted to like Blade Runner but
did not so don't worry no I'm the same
boat here in the same boat yeah just me
kind of I kind of love Blade Runner
all right this is kind of bullshit do
you want to use the mouse's like just
for this area just to keep it up there
I'm not hurting carefully to get like I
see that left there's that little like
dangle that's hanging off and get here
and from here I can get nothing actually
that's over there what about that tree
Ford thing there you go
can you get on the truck now what if
they do that I would explain it there
you go you came Oh
only three more to go well fuck my
nutsack I'm also pretty stoked about
Blade Runner sequel but we'll see that's
not an actual thing that they're saying
they're saying people are oh yeah
Blade Runner sequel is happening it's
got the Gosling well I don't have enough
shadow I'm screwed
yes the last Indiana Jones movie did
have an alien in it it was weird
yeah you just killed me just kill me it
was a nice run
oh you Jared Leto is gonna be in the
blade well maybe Jared Leto will play a
an Android and and he'll die off quickly
I still I have not seen The Suicide
Squad I've heard he's terrible in it but
I think it's quite possible that the
only thing I've ever seen Jared Leto
actin is Fight Club in which he was fine
I don't know if I've ever seen Jared
Leto act
besides Fight Club well so three hours
18 minutes will give it like ten more
minutes and then we'll do a stand-up I
think that's what we've been doing well
how much longer do we want to play in
general yeah man all rich in like ten
more minutes we will we will have been
streaming for about yeah I'm getting
three and a half hours I'm getting close
to being done okay well yeah well then
else we'll still you know I'll stand up
now or we'll be if you're close to being
done I'll wait how about that Jared Leto
has no facial expression so maybe he can
be a glitchy Android whose facial
expressions aren't working then it'll be
great I never saw myself called life the
Joker and Suicide Squad is the episode
is the epitome of trihard yeah
mr. nobody requiem for a dream fight
club panic room okay that's why yes if
that's all of his movies I've only seen
Fight Club Requiem is on is on my list
of movies that I know I should watch but
I also know is very depressing and don't
necessarily feel like it you have to be
in the right mood to watch that epitome
epitome epitome what an epitome yep
you're right I'm sorry
that's where my brain is working that's
what you get
app it to me yep it to me it's spelled
epitome and I don't care what you say I
read fast it's all fine it's all fine
anonymous says I loved twister as a kid
and recently re-watched it to my
surprise the protagonist played by Bill
Paxton is a massive asshole and it
completely killed the movie have you
ever had a similar experience I have not
had this similar I didn't like it
characters but not side up daddies where
my brain oh yeah yeah yeah yeah oh you
didn't like it did you ever have a movie
that you liked and Yuri watched it and
as it turns out like with just one
character ruined it for you no I'm sorry
I've never had that specific experience
for the film well there you go Marv
Makarov 92 our video games a more sequel
friendly medium because of their
gameplay focus with some games with
minimal changes yeah they are the
inherit litter of nature of games what
would them a leg up over movies what
would them a leg up or give them a leg
up over movies yeah because the story
isn't why I need a leg up over movies
why are they competing well they
are competing they're competing for your
entertainment time that's just a thing
but yeah because the focus on most games
is on the gameplay they don't
necessarily need to worry about story as
much and in general a sequel to a game
will have similar gameplay and that's
what people really care about
so sequels are easier to do damn you
what's going on this guy's a jerk look
the cardi meister yes yes it was what's
your favorite modern Spielberg film
Minority Report is the only one that is
consistently strong my reports pretty
good one is modern Spielberg start Oh
Minority Report after I don't know that
I have a favorite modern Spielberg film
it's hard to even name a modern
Spielberg film I haven't seen Minority
Report you haven't no no you should
oh I know you don't like Tom Cruise no
no that I think about that you should
fun hey the whole life is nothing but
other people tell me what I need to
watch and play yeah that's my life has
devolved into I'm sorry that is that's
true and I'm adding to that and that's
part of my that's something I need to
work on you know
that's something I need to work on but
hey I think fun war of the worlds'
warhorse AI sure Japan anything modern
Spielberg is post Jurassic Park ooh
Saving Private Ryan that's in there
that's a good one all right and Saving
Private Ryan
Lincoln catch me if you can same Private
Ryan
that's a good one that's a good one yeah
I didn't much care for War of the Worlds
did you see his War of the Worlds no
okay really did not care for that AI is
one of those kind of like is one of
those movies that you call like
interesting yeah yeah I'm okay with it I
would I was more okay with it on a
second watching than it was on my first
watching cuz you know that one
notoriously started with with Seth is
that the movie where Spielberg said I'm
done with little boys no no no no that's
the movie that um oh my god no no
Kubrick that's the movie that Kubrick
started in Spielberg finished oh I could
not for the life of me remember his name
and I'm so sorry everyone and and you
can clearly see where Spielberg takes
over nai-nai and in that way it's really
fascinating just pinpoint the moment in
which Spielberg takes over well then
shoot it chronologically no they of
course they didn't you two
chronologically but you know like a
director does a lot more than just shoot
the movie they you know they focus the
whole thing and you can definitely see
where Kubrick's influences were and
where Spielberg's influences were and
it's really fascinating so AI is worth I
want to just you know just as a as doing
a film paper what happens when two
directors with vastly different styles
collaborate on a project
nope damn dumb and uh oh yeah well we're
trying I'm talking great any thoughts of
the Prometheus sequel none alien cotton
covenant personally stoked also any
excitement for war of the Planet of the
Apes nope
also let it was Paul Allen an American
Psycho he dies you know what I have not
seen any of the new Planet of the Apes
movies the Tim Burton one well I saw the
Tim Burton one and I didn't see any of
the new new ones you know the new Planet
of the Apes Cinematic Universe
yeah that's out there Oh does that not
that's not in with the Tim Burton one
that is not in with a Tim Burton one no
so so no I'm not excited for it because
I haven't seen any of them our dramatic
a rich likes this game it's fine yep
it's not the best thing ever but it's
fine it's growing on ya you said earlier
no no there seems to be a fresh first
good this Dennis that guy is gonna be
the fucking death of me the old ones are
fun and campy I heard I hear that you
know you watch the new ones for Caesar
and the motion capture technology and I
like James Franco in general and I know
he's in the new one like the original
has that perfect Rod Serling twist yeah
I mean yeah written by Rod Serling oh is
it
yeah oh I think you wrote the original
book but I'm thinking he brought the
screenplay oh well I don't think they
have that twist in the original blog I
don't know get your hands off of me you
damn dirty Apes you blew it up didn't
you you blew it up oh that's right
Spielberg did Tintin
did you see the Tintin movie yeah I have
not wait did I
I think animated movie I think I did was
this fun this one didn't it movies fun
not the greatest thing ever but fun Rhys
was good Don was better I'm going to
reserve judgment before I see war
so there's Rise of the Planet of the
Apes dawn of the Planet of the Apes and
now there's going to be war of the
Planet of the Apes
Tintin is a better Indiana Jones movie
than Crystal Skull you're absolutely
right
King fossil ear whoa what are you
bitching yeah I glitch oh I'm so sorry
but ya know Tintin is a fun adventure
movie if you like if you like Indiana
Jones watch Tintin it's fun and it's got
a little dog and a drunk it's great
Tintin only came first by half a century
yeah
based off of the the comics the famed
comics teen teen whatever didn't in
Tintin can suck my cock didn't in I
believe he fancies the ladies so I think
he would have a problem with that but I
don't know is it's a comic book it's a
comic book
brunch of the Planet of the Apes yeah
just haven't seen any of them just
haven't seen any of them all right so
he's got to die first um all right I get
it now the other one yeah oh is that
your problem
no it's Intan was a Nazi hunter Tintin's
British he fought the Nazis goddammit
his I have a collection of his early
comic books and you know it suffer you
know because it's such an old comic here
it has kind of that old-school racism
whatever which is fine so but no he was
not a Nazi you fought the Nazis
freelance I do remember that yes
how many more comic-book movies do you
guys have to review before Mike's to
kalasa
takes a long dive into a shallow pool 10
10 10 more there you go 10 more
mm nothing nothing over here nothing
over here no no everyone everyone keeps
and I see that every once in a while in
like a half in the bag up so just Mike
and Jason like like kind of comic book
fatigue is you know comic book movie
fatigue is finally starting to set in
which is of course what everybody has
been saying for the past eight years and
it might be who knows when it really
sets in it won't be comic for comic book
fatigue it'll just be done you know
that's what that's what we're all
waiting for is just for it to be done
rich so many killing kill them all once
had to come off and see like for me I
don't care cuz I like comic book movies
so I say hey keep them coming
keep em coming I like it out it will
start it will start eventually because
we're starting comic book movies are
starting to now are still never happen
it will it will comic book movies are
starting to run into the same problems
that comic books have and then at the
same solution reboot exactly and that's
where the fatigue starts that's why
people stopped reading comic books is
because you fall in love with a
character you fall in love with an
artist you fall in love with a writer
and then a new writer takes over and
it's not so good but you keep on going
but then a new hardest takes over and
it's not so good and then they reboot
the character and you just say fuck it
so we're starting to get to that point
in the movies where we're getting
multiple timelines we're getting
multiple different versions of the same
character happening at the same time you
know just thinking about the the shit
all right most people over here that I
didn't know about and I'm dead and oh my
god I think the stream just ended oh
geez there you go yeah whatever telling
it though but I'm done for now
B maybe this is exactly what I'm talking
about like right now we have an entire
DC Universe that's on television that is
running parallel to a movie DC Universe
that have the exact same characters in
it so we have two flashes we have two
supermen it's that's what's going to
start to fatigue people we have flash
rebooting his universe constantly we
have once we have like new writers and
directors taking over franchises that we
loved it's going to start to fatigue now
it's not there yet but that's where it
will start oh say Jack well see well see
my my guess is uh
for years we'll see we'll see I don't
know great
so rates final verdict is quality
origami it's quality quality they go
they go weighed the same actor isn't
playing flash no flash is no different
character well the same character but
different actors in the movie different
universes TV show yeah there's a TV
flash and there's a man I know this well
I'm just I'm setting it up for them and
there are two different actors and
that's weird
and they're both but they're both
playing Barry Allen and they're both
playing a quirky goofy Barry Allen
they're acting very similarly but it's
completely different universe did they
talk about the switch no we did not
never at all what's the switch what are
you talking about it's on my t-shirt
Superman Batman yep
Superman Batman what a thing oh my god
no I got a thing here
great this is the point in this dream in
which we thank all of the people who
have subscribed to us during the stream
much like Mekons nick who subscribed to
us for 16 months in a row baggy
17:34 Donnie Durden red apples Knights
mochi b85 for 28 fucking months in a row
and mokey says he a 28 months giving you
hack frauds $5 USD 650 in Australian
money and all I get is the word fucking
and you read this lousy message but I
love you deeply lol I don't know sex
words I like that thank you monkey Zach
oh that goal says what am I paying you
hacked frauds for enter
taemi you fucks D this is D at the end
of that just indeed evil crash 9 Luke
look Luke 72w Luke 72w says sexy is as
packer does hmm Dostoyevsky this time
it's lupus 12 fucking oh not fucking
just 12 months in a row whoa 12 chased
non fucking months in a row this time
stupid says a whole year and it's been
disappointingly free of drunk jack it's
up with that drunk jack is best jag once
again there there is a best of the worst
on the way in there's the best authority
on the way in which apparently Jay has
told me I get exponentially more tilty
throughout the entire episode so heads
up watch it in boxes for the next best
of the list coffee for mana whimsy da
arc matter no I get it
dark dark matter 15 months in a row the
arc matter says I feel special today
Decker 28 for months in a row bill like
I says 28 months later I still haven't
learned anything from this stream and
for that I am grateful we tried we tried
to lack knowledge every week is Joe Joe
Flacco Joe Flacco elite is Joe Flacco
elite no no Joe Flacco was not aleppo
joyful sad joyful sad says go white sox
Terkel sad said something else
john be eight twenty four twenty two
fucking months in a row and john be
eight twenty says hey ho what do you
know
i've subbed twenty two months in a row
hey ho
what do you know I've slept 22 months in
a row
mr. glad 23 fucking months in a row
mr. glitch says according to movie
trends that should raise our viewership
which boo like Madea the the Madea movie
is called pool hall bang possibly not a
good one
not shockingly I completely forgot
everything we talked about regarding
Madea pardon me xeno trove for 27
fucking months in a row take a brash
deck of brushes glad to be here for a
whole second month or Oh dr. Gunter who
to hanker you can't put me on the spot
like this I'll just freeze base 9 Wario
two months muhfuckas two months
muhfuckas several months my fuckers I've
been fighting for two months t my fuckin
daddy bone savvy bone v when they are
gonna play Wow and three I have a few
hundred for us join I have a few hundred
of us join you and have a few hundred of
us doing them never that's what happens
yeah that sounds pretty accurate crack
an egg 20 fucking months in a row graça
dick says thanks for wasting my life
here's to 20 more months yay
cabbage monger manga sorry cabbage
Mongol ER doctor scientist 18 months in
room dr. sinuses go sports use the ball
to win that game
a relentless 42 polar 80 fix polarity FX
is probably what they mean though
Eugene pota Eugene poetess says thanks
for all the great shows mr. great mister
grip says jhg fhj phantom image
heliosphere 1969 fleshy patch for 25
fucking months in a row and fleshy patch
says hey Chicago what do you say the
White Sox are a pretty good team not
this year but in general yeah yeah she
passed that seems like a weird message
to say who are they playing in the World
Series who the coach yeah I don't know I
don't even know why I always said the
White Sox as I know you I know Mike
that's the joke but I'm gonna find out
who they're actually playing in the
World Series and then every message like
that you're gonna that's oh yeah that's
horrible no no that's what I'm gonna do
so if you don't like it don't somebody
fuckin Cubs messages you pricks
emergency sigh octopus I think it's just
the emergency octopus emergency octopus
say that also works worked better the
Cleveland Indians Cleveland in do really
oh you know Cleveland isn't wondering
well I'm not one for Cleveland there you
go by the way I really like the idea of
having an emergency octopus break glass
in case of octopus emergency mutant
chaos kreyòl 42:22 fucking months in a
row Casey Banner live says oh my god
it's my two-month anniversary I can't
even fucking read that thank you for
subscribing next time you know what some
advice
whoa skipped by bad fucking vowels good
lineage if the seemingly random
configuration of letters squatting Tiger
Ryan from Michigan mi but I assume
that's Michigan time was odd seventh or
PC veggie 64 says happy birthday Roger
and no one else because Jack just read
the last one thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it
it's true
