Psycho Nuts
October 9, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L08kpyM2334

well that's my seat you know what like
every other swig of this either tastes
like like burnt rubbing alcohol or
grapefruit soda every other swing I'm
sorry we're still in the cutscene that
we can't skip I would love to I would
love to skip it but we're still in the
cutscene that we can't skip Oh nope
she was ordering Jimmy Jones I don't
know if I wanted anything oh that was at
home that was very nice so it was not
about the dumpster fire no but I told
her about it great still no game yep
we're working on it I can't alt tab or
alt enter or escape out of the game I'm
really working on the people you have to
believe me that I'm working on the game
I'm you being able to see the game yes
now games we see game Oh oh great so is
just the cutscene who's that it while
you were away your game automatically
paused okay great
why did you automatically pause why what
do you mean while I was away can you all
tab even no control so awfully delete
that's what I can do
we're just gonna okay so oh my god look
at what what is that what happens if
visits in the game's resolution oh Jesus
Christ
alright we're gonna end that task real
quick everyone and it and it real quick
we're putting the kibosh on psychonaut
Psychonauts
we will just gonna yeah I think
move this like over here then we might
be able to see it during the stream well
there's something I need to change I can
only assume that once we get into the
game we can change its resolution no I
didn't do it
okay
is it recognizing the controller yeah I
think I was doing stuff yeah I pressed a
to begin it was all for naught if you
add window to the game arguments and
steam you should be able to run it in
the window mode
I'm looking for settings oh here we go
option what are you trying to do just
see the chat well I wanted to see OBS to
make sure that we were streaming it but
uh look at this yeah this only works
with the mouse oh that's weird
options here we go
I probably doesn't have widescreen
options yeah isn't yeah
that changed things a little bit can we
go higher hopefully threaten let's try
to go high I didn't want to push our
luck
professional streamers look we just set
this game up first time because the
other games were playing we're boring
and we're making us nauseous what do you
want what do you want I could play
nothing that would be doable
okay actually don't like this as much as
720 you like to send what what
oh wait
there we go that's what you want that's
what I want hey hey now we can see
everything ish
you guys can't yet but I'll fix that I
can't say oh look it looks weird it's
now looks weird cuz I got I got nothing
to tell you that's all right yeah we'll
fix that now I bet we can yes now we can
all tap out I come over here to game
come here okay why because the screen
and bigand itself for no reason
sometimes right sometimes it's sometimes
things happen it's sometimes it's a
little more complicated than it needs to
be but you know what I don't know why
they happen but they happen they do but
hey we're here still going there we go
everything's fine and how about ash vs.
Evil Dead Season 2 I'm sure I'll be fine
I'm staring oh oh is it eggs second
episodes today oh okay yeah I haven't
seen I didn't I didn't know it started
already or else I would have been
watching it I you know what I did catch
though what Westworld yeah first episode
of West world fuck yeah I'm super into
west world there's a new show I saw a
trailer for I don't know if I should
make you watch it live the trailer no no
I went West world's for a show call I
think it's tan against evil
I've heard of this I think it's
basically ash vs. Evil Dead okay with a
knockoff ash hmm it's kind of
unbelievable it's kind of shameless it's
kind of completely utterly shameless
yeah with one of the doctors from scrubs
is it up he's the star but it's
basically it's ash vs. Evil Dead right
I'm down with that
I'm down with that
Stan Stan against evil is what it's
called I think that's the name I could
be getting it wrong sure because it's
basically just ash purses Evil Dead but
not right right oh come on
we seen the new Exorcist show on Fox I
have not Jack of you I have done okay we
have it up
sorry epic Jason next 9000 you need your
mouse okay so I know the season premiere
of West world though was just phenomenal
yes it's gonna be great it's it's robots
its violence it's sci-fi it's Anthony
Hopkins who I didn't know was in it did
they make you buy a theme park filled
with robots super lifelike robots do
they make that believable ah yes I guess
does it take planning takes place like
near future unspecified future yeah
sometimes sometime in the in the
not-too-distant future where everything
is kind of the same I can't imagine them
turning that into like a TV show in this
day and age and not having like a wink
and nod the audience
let's do silly - silly a concept no they
they take it pretty seriously and
there's a you know beta so basically the
give for this West world is the theme
park is a playground for rich assholes
yep and most people end up coming there
just so they can kill things
that look like people and rape things
that look like women okay that's it okay
in the Y in the Wild West
yeah and that's that's basically the
premise and the you know the the actors
who play the robots are fantastic and
Cyclops is in it what's his name Jason I
don't know the guy the actor who played
Psych sure but I have no idea what his
name is
I can't I didn't know it he looks like
okay well he looks like generic handsome
man which is great and Rachel Rachel
who's the lady star Chad who's the lady
star for Westworld she is something else
so Jeff saying it's from the robots
point of view a little bit yeah a little
bit a sentience well it's it's because
you're never quite you know because
they're humans obviously you're never
quite Jason James Marsden is Cyclops and
who's the lady before we get too far as
this Evan Rachel Wood Rachel Evan wood
thank you Rachel Evan would you know who
that is she's an actress she's great
she's fantastic
you never really know who's a robot and
who's a real person really just because
they're all you know real actors and
then like you you kind of figure it out
slowly and it's a little bit from the
robots perspective and it's following
Anthony Hopkins who's the owner of this
park and the main designer and there's
another designer and so it's oh it's so
great so this is gonna make a miniseries
or an unknowing flat out ongoing play
out on go yeah I believe Fred flat out
ongoing and it's it's just so good it's
got violence it's got a good story it's
got those lofty sci-fi ghost in the
machine type questions and yes she's
related to me Evans is not a common last
name at all that's her middle name
Rachel Evans was okay so she's
definitely definitely there's a hundred
percent
it's the neck yeah it's the next game of
Thrones because they're only doing one
more season of Game of Thrones
they need something to replace it and
it's got its got tits and dicks and
violence that's all you need just so
many wieners it's on Westworld yeah so
it's not on Fox somebody's saying
something is up Fox I don't know what's
on Fox I don't know what they're talking
about but if it's got wieners it's not
on Fox that phone no no it's HBO
oh yeah black mirror season three is
coming up that'll be great
did someone say tits I did Westworld
lots of tits on unsexy tits and wieners
that's what Westworld is Jesus Christ is
it unsexy it's great because of course
they're they're humanoid
you know they're Androids their humanoid
robots and so like when they're
repairing them it's just like naked
people sitting on chairs while they're
like repairing a part of them and so
it's unflattering unsexy nudity and just
dicks everywhere game is quiet subtitles
when you turn the game audio up a little
bit they want to hear a fart of shit
hang you know whatever you know what
sound father they're also right that we
should put subtitles on this is a very
talky ya hockey game subtitles boom okay
well myself and I'll turn the sound
alright alright and OH and then we'll go
over here come on
yeah we go go over to you and desktop
audio nope we can't when we were messing
around with stuff OBS might have freaked
out a little bit so we can't turn the
sound up sorry what will turn up in
games you can i thought i found that we
couldn't but I know you know what I will
do the old Doble check I know everything
look good oh yeah cranked everything
appears to be cranks I'm sorry and I
don't want to fuss with OBS too much or
else rash the straighter it rose my
crass extreme and Deena just who knows
if we could find the will to get it back
started we're talking about and now we
have sex almost anything here you can
read you're probably listening to the
debate anyway unflattering unsexy nudity
nudity ie how to make the debates more
about
well doesn't sound like they need it by
the way wouldn't that be fast a
fascinating that would be a black mirror
episode the only way you can run for
political office is you have to you have
to do it it'll be the reasoning for that
just the most desperate people to for
power would run for office if make
things worse you it you would it you
would have the moment the more shameless
you are it's no it's not about shameless
it's about it's about transparency and
it's about not not a you know you you
have to want it so bad where these
people who are actually qualified for
the job are not necessarily the people
you want to be looking then is the twist
that the people vote for the more
attractive person we ignore I'm the
person with the good ideas maybe is
overweight and has a small dinky yep
maybe is that is that twist I wasn't
listening
ABB's you can believe in chuck just
wants more boobs in his life Jack's got
two kids he's had enough boobs in his
life and you guys know I'm a butt man
get out of here I don't care
what this game does have a really cool
looking right it has a very unique look
to it I think my issue with his game was
that every level teaches you a new
ability and there's there's never really
a time that you get to kind of like
master and use okay there's never a
moment where you get to kind of like
master and use those abilities it's just
like I guess this is the end now sorry
Jen so I'm jealous please fax over some
of the so G my tummy hurts the soju has
been by the way like that little bit of
motion sickness that I had is gone now
that's so did you clean it right up
taking that other bottle home if Jen
Mike didn't like it I don't think they
did great and you know what even if they
did I'm taking it home anyway okay
that's fine that's fine that's my
payment so like I'll get blamed right
my belly's feeling nice and warm right
now nice and warm belly the sign of good
booze warm belly while we're talking
about Tim Schafer's is simply too poopy
yes what do you think about grill
offending
Fandango is they only point and click I
ever liked and it's all on the strength
of the setting and some of the
characters uh-huh which we're always Tim
Schaefer strong suit as far as I don't
know it's tough to stream those kinds of
game and grim fandago does have
voiceover got full audio yeah so it's
not like we could do funny voices and
try to try to entertain that way and in
a game whose strong suit is its
characters who talk to each other and
then we'd be talking about that we just
saw its yeah that's usually a recipe for
stream disaster would be talking all
over the witty dialogue right vertical
play
I like legs and by extension
oh you know everybody likes a different
thing I said the same thing about quest
for glory for your right I wasn't
thinking about grim fandago when I said
that about quest for glory for and I
wasn't thinking about quest for glory
for when I said that about grim fandago
so those are the two point-and-click
sigh like oh no I've been called out I
can never run for office then that's
gonna be your October Surprise rich is
they're gonna they're gonna point out
your inconsistencies with liking
different point-and-click adventures as
a general rule I don't like the point
and clicks yeah those are those two or
the exceptions sometimes rich you just
got to grab the important cliques by the
pussy you know I just want to say that
as often as possible so everyone
understands how ridiculous it is
I've never played an antenna I haven't
played most of the LucasArts ones and
maybe that would change my mind I don't
know a lot of my my point-and-click
experiences with some of the Sierra ones
and I think they're terrible yeah we
could play maybe we could play day of
the tentacle on stream I I love Sierra's
old parlor games where you kind of know
usually I refuse to walk around but then
you type what you did of those yeah
warm fuzzy nostalgic feelings all around
for that shit someone's not feeling
quite right about the Camry and I'm
wondering if I have to invert the other
one too
yeah
now that feels right
great
great
can we tell you cases Anderson Cooper as
Loki told Trump - shut up twice now
damn ac360 is laying it down
definitely more fireworks than the pents
Kane debate for sure well God right
kind of wish bidden was here to make it
funnier I'm talking by front Brydon
sorry oh god I love my binds great he's
the greatest vice presidential anything
ever he that man is crazy
oh yeah Mr Bowles Dan Quayle well only
because Dan Quayle fucked up so bad but
no Biden's Biden's the the crazy uncle
who you know like get you pop like he's
easy he's that uncle who will buy beer
for you on your trial he's crazy
did you watch the pence no I came oh my
god what a snorefest which by the way is
just like memos vice presidential
candidates in general that only matters
if if Hillary and book Trump has a heart
attack right after getting into office
right get out here Oh Biden has done
nothing policy-wise Biden is Biden just
acts crazy and that's why I like him I'm
not saying I like him because of his
policy he hasn't done anything but he's
crazy
you should play some classic games
instead of ghouls and ghosts demons
crushed super Castlevania 4 and etc I
think I think that love is a mistake I
think you want us to play ghouls and
ghosts demons crushed instead already
alright instead of this first spooky
October Oh is she I mean yeah we can and
you know what
yeah ghosts and goblins would be fucking
great play maximum again ghosts and
goblins ghouls and ghosts super ghouls
and ghosts
it's a classic shit it's 6:03 idiot
sense that is also why you guys should
play Zack McCracken and the alien
Mindbenders or Monkey Island loom the
graph this is a 8,000 games you want me
to play maybe I'll give to them
something not on my current agenda
thank you I appreciate it but I'm full
I'm so full I'm amazingly amazingly sick
and early full of games and I would like
to play right now madam mrs. rich rich
watched a lot of TOS TNG and voi wow
that's a lot of letters I started
watching the first season of ds9
and it's a very sand it's very slow is
ds9 worth watching LOL fondle my phallus
Dione I think it's pretty decent it's
pretty good decent is pretty good yeah
TNG here's how I've rank the shows okay
TNG TOS a lot of which is prime to
soldier I'm not sure ds9 then though
it's very very different you could make
the argument that Deep Space nine isn't
really trick well I know it like the
rhyme at only thematically it's not
trick I had a problem with it because it
was so different than next-gen yeah you
know like next-gen is all about like
playful pacifism but to us and TNG yeah
that classic Star Trek is
it's about how human humankind is gonna
advance work to progress beyond our
petty problems war is gonna be a thing
of the past everyone's gonna have food
our technology will save us wool will
aspire to greater heights and will
evolve into something better than we are
now and there is hope for the future and
we will do it ourselves ds9 is like the
opposite of all of that all of our
technologies are progress we were wrong
Wars inevitable exploration has just
made us discover things that are going
to kill us and our only hope is that the
gods will save us that's why I had a
brain yeah Deep Space 9 thematically is
a fucking 180 on the rest of Trek Sisko
is the best captain but that's why it's
so great I'm not saying it's bad I'm
just saying like I like the hopeful
track it's got a message that uh you
know we're not doomed we do we do have
it within us to drag ourselves up out of
the mark I like that yeah
which makes ds9 the most true that might
be true but we're talking about fiction
and voyagers terrible and enterprise
that everyone watch much of it because
it bored me so much i I've never seen a
single episode of enterprise which is a
classic closet romantic I don't think
he's a classic there's a general
romantic other that's I think you're a
general romantic not a closeted romantic
I'm very cynical oh you oh sure I'm a
romantic wrapped in a sec you're
protective cynical blanket yeah you're a
cynic rabbit oh yeah okay I get you I'm
a romantic who knows better and I think
that's probably true of most yeah
not a missus
what are you hate fucking Knights of the
Old Republic oh never after the shit I
got for hate playing vampire the
masquerade bloodlines as a joke that
that seriously but heard people like
like people took that shit seriously oh
my god they really did not like us
playing vampire the masquerade and not
liking it yeah
even though that's always said we were
gonna do from the start a lot of anal
blood all over them
yeah our chat and email and comments
just you know a lot of people very
butter
a lot of people very butter
yes that's right you just need to see me
interact with Karen you know that I am a
romantic oh it's like you it's like you
like want to show your affection towards
our game which I love you cases is steve
2014 worth playing have it on steam
started when it first came out and
forgot about it might give it a play
after my current state of games is
finished
also this Mike ever come on stream all
the time he's here elegant Mike never
comes on stream he's been on stream once
for like grand total of 20 minutes
ladies you just missed them today and
never get your hopes up by that isn't
that not a thing
Matt thank you shy about doing these
live freaking things as far as deep 2014
I never played it because I've only
heard bad things about it it everything
I've heard it seems to me to be lacking
a lot of the things that made the
classic beef enjoyable yeah like what
smaller levels a little bit more linear
and how you can progress through things
but lots of like the checkpoints and
loading zones the thief he famously had
like large sprawling levels the world is
is not the same and missing a lot of the
the great fat like the hammerites aren't
in the new one there's the order of
their hammers it's just not there then
the pagans I think a lot of the magic
type stuff is gone
and Garrett has written all fucked up
the main character voice definitely had
written all fucked up supposedly he's
he's written kind of like like Batman
like badass
when in the old games grab such a great
character cynical thief said a gold
world-weary thief practical to a fault
brant poles like that and swing on left
the keepers cuz he didn't like their
ceremonial prophecy cryptic nonsense
Frank Garrett was a practical man I got
these stealth skills I'm gonna use them
to steal shit
what
stop it I own 2014 but that's all
because I got it like dirt cheap but I
thought you know maybe maybe someday
I'll play it out of curiosity a little
bit but I've never I've never even
touched it you don't need to steal in
thieve 2014 let's that's insane that's
that's just insane
damnit rich you're making me want to
dust off D forget me at least I'm making
somebody want to dust off these sorry
not sorry I'm I'm only nagging you about
it I would normally would normally I
would respect your not wanting to play
it but I would like to do a
retrospective episode okay and not only
can we yeah otherwise Jack I understand
that I really wish there were some way
is there a way to turn around on these
things yeah no I think that might be the
puzzle right why do you say Wayne well
just just jump when you're on the back
end of this way you see what answer you
can't nope oh thank you pressing down to
turn around sister Jeff press down on
the d-pad down does not up and down do
this
I moved from one end to the other press
Y press Y to change Oh yep that's it
well I did it Wow didn't you try all the
buttons I thought I tried why apparently
I didn't I thought I did
now
that wasn't right that wasn't the right
way to go we did hit chat
yep we all did it nope Oh yep do it
what's going on you supposed to be down
there what's the weird no I wasn't okay
what's going on is I don't necessarily
know where to go next
we should play star flight Genesis
version place star light and compare it
to no man Scotty I'm the genesis is what
they're asking perfect don't look into
something not on my list right now
is there some kind of rule on this dream
that we have to play the most boring
games available yep do you guys not know
that's the direction we're taking the
stream when he did something really
exciting for that straight okay
really really legit exciting so we're
gonna we're gonna do a retrospective -
good I think you missed an appointment I
think you're out early and completely
missing the point
be something really exciting next room
is gears open
no no you sure know that streams next
room is Wednesday when does what is
gears for available for PC I thought it
was available now no it doesn't come out
until uh 11:30 12:00 so maybe next room
yeah
I know I know stardew valley got a big
update yeah yeah where do I go ten
eleven right
I'll be nice and brand-new I wouldn't
mind trying gears thought of gears of
the mouse sounds good I mean I kind of
like years 1 & 2
that wasn't very intuitive as of right
now and I had to play that with a
controller
yes so here's what the mouse might be
plumbing could could be I see I see that
he's punched the wall now that was not
very intuitive I never got around to
playing 3 which tells you how much I
like them but they're fine for a council
shooter that first gears I really hope I
hope thank which comes out on PC that
would make my millennium yeah that would
make my fucking millennium
here's one was great but sequels never
click with me
gears two had the best character in the
series and they foolishly killed him off
because they thought that was funny
carmine carmine was fuckin awesome
then he died because he had no I
instantly liked the second carmine died
I like lost interest in everything that
was going on in Gears of War two which
tells you a lot about the game he was
the only character I gave a shit whether
he lived or died
oh my god spoilers that game came out
like six eight years ago I was in a
while yeah I think Coltrane standard
Macduff died where's my wife I used to
want to find my wife where's my wife
that was dumb I thought that was coal
coal train was the football player one
yeah wasn't it wasn't cold one look at
her there's no doubt that the Latino one
he was looking for his wife I thought
Cole was looking for his wife maybe they
were both looking for his wife look it
wasn't the most creative story in the
world true dad they killed carmine about
ten minutes into the game - I'm talking
about yours - Carmine's there - carmine
well three I guess the third one has one
but the brother in the second one was a
fantastic character like the the the
rookie the green rookies just
enthusiastic you know he's good by they
should have gone because that's what
made him fun
okay
was Dom looking for some maybe down life
you know mines are in one of the games
she's all fucked up that was no always
cold looking for his dog I don't
remember any of this let's see that's
the proud that's the the both of the
positives and negatives of Gears of War
here is it's a fun action game and the
stories kind of bland and shit but like
the action is good enough to make up for
the story being bland and shit you know
no one gives a shit about the stories of
Gears of War you know what we care about
like can we saw an alien of fucking
panic that's when they realized this
extremely slow paced and cover was how
you make a shooter work for the
controller and the only way you could
possibly make it kind of work
I'll fuck that now I'm trying to get the
things
yep
what happened to his wife who know who
knows no she was all fucked up when they
found him
Martin's have got a casket thing I
haven't I just really don't know jack we
need to know about the motivation no see
like here like here's here's you know
like it either needs to be a good tight
story or have awesome action this was
you need to have the awesome action
this was our this was our whole Luke
Cage problem daredevil Jessica Jones is
and gears has the awesome action and
weapons and you can saw an alien in half
and that's all that matters look a good
a good story can only help a game but
the game part is the most important part
and your focus your primary focus should
be making a fun game a good story can
enhance the funny I'm a good story I can
make a mediocre game feel better yeah
you can can't be ass now you can have a
game with fantastic gameplay and not
give a shit at all about the story but
if it's got a good gameplay no one will
give a fuck right
no ones no one intelligent will give a
fine be some asshole about the story the
story made no sense how could I mean how
could the do marine have lives were in
that Testament before they opened it I
didn't see any sort of power supply
going to the Cascade so it's unreal if
there's an unrealistic amount of demons
running around the Mars base according
to Newton's law of thermodynamics
there's no way the teleporter to hell
could work properly as moving the
Marines molecules to the hell would the
cool demon lives a ridiculously long
time after you rip his eye out should be
dead like a medium maybe just just
undulates a bit on the ground screaming
completely under lift them
that was my big problem with doom it's
so unrealistic you would how could you
have been record that large often
monsters head based based off of current
animal knowledge that humans have at the
moment I could not rip a horn that five
off of hood like I failed right now
assuming that horn is made out of chitin
which is the horns are made on at that
diameter take the forth of about two
semi-trucks to rip that off that demons
head and oh as we can see when the
Marine grunts as he's lifting himself up
from from a relatively small standpoint
he did not have this sort of upper-body
strength needed to rip off that horn
how does killing a demon get you like
space bullets Facebook about doom is
when you kill it even you get bullets
and so are we to believe that he
compresses the bullets into his them for
the fashion in the house that would make
them easy to be propelled from a gun I
don't think so
trying to do a walk a jump would kill
you retinol would not propel you into
the air it's much more likely than the
fourth caused by a rocket jump would a
harvester marine therefore I find doom
to be unrealistic we get it quit the
fucking bitch me whatever fun the right
way Jesus Christ is that pre reckoning
nutshell you're having son wrong
they're just mad because they're the
kind of person that writes those
comments on the forum crap you guys
hashtag having fun one
couldn't make that can we put that like
under the previously recorded title
having fun wrong previously recorded
having fun like put in a weird small
text like underneath the title no but I
mean well like what the here anywhere
everywhere we have the title oh oh oh
just make that part of the subtitle
it'll be our slogan having fun wrong
previously recorded having fun wrong
won't be our title it'll just be our
slogan but you know what that'll be our
t-shirt hashtag having fun right okay
have it your way
you're gonna this is terrible but I love
it
this is exactly my kind of beverage
terrible but hi I'd buy that t-shirt
we'll get out designers I I'm no longer
designing stuff our our new logo all of
that stuff if you noticed we had a new
intro animation in this last episode
this very talented designer who has been
remaking all of the logos for me because
I'm terrible at that
send it to me I will use it I'm terrible
at that kind of stuff we're gonna we're
gonna crowdsource
yeah okay we're doing an object okay
sorry chances
I finally found more beverages to drink
you should totally have a few more sips
gender again bill or Banzai or whatever
them Chinese is safe I don't think they
say any of this the geronimo that's what
the Chinese say did you say that she's
one of them Chinese that's her word damn
it
do I accept scribble doodles on notebook
paper no you need to give me images I
can give to a t-shirt person and they
are again by I'm not saying it saying it
again in the chats not gonna let me know
how to say it right I'm just gonna read
it the same way I'm reading can buy rich
can buy alright a mental Asian Jack you
nailed me I'm a technicality
well technically we thought like to play
on that geographically even Russian -
they're considered Asian Vladimir Putin
big Asian number one Asian Gumby Gumby
was a green lump of clay you guys yeah
we said it like Gandhi I know who Gandhi
is and it was not a no Gandhi isn't
Gumby here's what I remember liking
about the game he's like the world's
like all the character design is very
fun the world is very fun it is so sick
of this style of platformer when this
came out yeah and to this day even
bigger collectibles yeah oh yeah I can't
stand the collectibles but collect them
all yeah I'm with you but you know what
it's fun it's fun to look at it got it
got really boring the game the gameplay
god I've got a whole lot of not fun but
I think there's a lot of good in the
game
overall though I just never over all
damn it I get it you write clever
dialogue we don't need to fucking to
hear it all the time that's the only
thing he has going for him I wanna
fucking I won't play again check your
you're having fun wrong Brickel what
freckle was your homeboy what what it
was something you guys say stuff I do
not always understand this I'm not drunk
but like I feel like I'm drunk you know
no no no
you know who we dog okay hey did you
hear that did you hear about the Chinese
space station no it's gonna crash back
here really yeah next year no I'm
waiting like a puncher this is not a
setup for a bit like I hoped like before
the end of the stream right before the
end of the stream you tell me the punch
line
it's a properly themed yeah
no no this is this is not a this is not
a bit
the they're having they had an issue
with the Chinese space station good and
they can no longer control it and so
they don't know where it's going to land
is the real problem now statistically
speaking it's going to land in an ocean
then we just go through this with meal
not just but didn't we didn't we go
through those Amir not that long ago hmm
Mirror Mirror Mirror Mir oh I don't know
I don't know if we just went through
this with Mir I don't know that I was
just reading the news about the Chinese
space station honestly it's probably
something not much different than the
space shot yeah bunch of debris it lands
all over like an area the size of a mile
Oh
exactly like most of it'll burn up and a
miles way too small actually probably
miles and miles worth of debris just a
little bit here and there yeah and most
likely it'll be over the ocean and so
just it's not gonna hurt anybody
or do any damage but the problem is
usually with space junk something like
that they can guide it you know like
that it has some sort of propulsion
system so they can guide it down to make
sure that it lands someplace on
inhabited yeah and all of that
technology broke they should shoot it
down you know if they do that it will
still crash right that that I hope that
was a joke I I hope that was a joke I
hope that was a joke that was joke
yes then it's still crashes and then
they still can't control where it ends
up I'm probably give me a good estimate
know if anything's shooting it down me
and it's like a 75 percent chance of
finding in the water right right so
statistically speaking we're fine but as
you mentioned earlier statistically
speaking you should still be more
worried about the presidential election
that's gonna kill more people wins it'll
kill a lot of brown people if Trump wins
will kill everybody absolutely everybody
oh I get it yeah yeah I mean yeah yeah
yeah it took me a while to understand
what you meant by brown people yeah I'll
be honest with you
I'll be quite honest with you but I'm
collected careful sludge Pillai says
fearful slugs boy hey drunk jack I'm
drunk Jack was wondering why you don't
embed the prereq up asides when you
tweet them out instead it's just a
picture and a link any reason for this
the I get the only thing I tweet out is
I didn't know I could do that what I
tweet out is the the channel page that
hosts the video so I guess I didn't know
I couldn't weed out the embed of the
video some people could watch it
directly from Twitter so I will look
into that how about that how about them
apples
I'll look into that so yeah all I tweet
is the channel page you know like our
main channel where all of our videos
will show up you sneeze that's all you
can say to an atheist nay theist you
don't need to say anything
yes New Krypton sneezed you could say
gesundheit which is German for you right
for your health like if you don't say
gesundheit to me yeah I won't be upset
right I tend to say to other people cuz
they find a point yeah but that would be
the way to say something polite does in
time good zoo day what does it mean I'm
something that means something to your
health do your help okay
yeah then cos I'm Titan is the rough
translation where'd you say nothing cuz
it's just the fucking sneezin who cares
it's an invalid or involuntary expulsion
of halogens and dirts from your nasal
cavity
it requires no vocal acknowledgement
whatsoever
right
I tell people to shut up the greatest is
when you say it ways when you say
Gesundheit when people fart they get
really embarrassed then maybe relieve I
just think you thought they sneezed
yes the in general people say people
acknowledge something when you sneeze I
acknowledge your involuntary bodily
function I have to watch this debate
when I get home I wasn't gonna look into
any of these debates it just did not
care is it so fucked i I don't plan on
voting room for president right I do you
can probably guess who I'm voting for
though I'm writing in Howard the Duck
cuz I think he's got a real chance don't
think you can do it right in here you
don't think I can do it right in I don't
think you can no I don't know you know
what
I'll be honest with him I don't know
Howard no bless you basically means I
saw what you did and I am okay with how
gross it is you don't need to say that
it's completely involuntary it's it
would be insane to get upset at somebody
for that that was gross they couldn't
help it right and it isn't bless you've
like from an olden time when one a
sneeze could kill you because that you
know we didn't have modern medicine and
two people thought it was your soul
escape I don't I don't know these are
the actual origins this is just
something more recently that people have
made up but what I've heard was that it
was believed that you would momentarily
die when you sneezed like your heart
would stop and that an evil spirit could
take over your body what that's what
I've heard
I didn't hear I don't know if that's
true or just some more bullshit that was
never actually a folklore or old wives
tale you know I don't that's a recent
fiction or sure or the original fiction
behind god bless you but that's what
I've heard
okay
that's what my grandmother told me yeah
I just don't know what's true well I'm
just glad sneezes aren't contagious like
yawns 'that would be horrible that's you
choose you fuck something he imagined
somebody sneezing in a movie theater it
would be a be chaos it'd be great a lot
of times I will still default to god
bless you just because you know that's
how I grew up and it's almost like it's
almost like an involuntary reaction for
me like someone sneezes god bless you I
have been trying to consume tight just
because just because of my personal
beliefs but every once in a while I
bless you will sneak out of there not
like that's a bad thing because you know
what even if someone is not really
juicing you say bless you it's not that
it's just not that big a deal I
acknowledge your body's involuntary
function like it's just be nice to
people yeah they they expect you know
usually people expect you to say God
bless you one this nice yeah wasn't that
good of course if I were if I were
having like let's say some kind of
crisis in my life
yeah and instead he said I'm praying for
you I wouldn't say well I don't believe
in prayers and you should do that I
would say oh thank you very much and I
would appreciate the sentiment that
there yes trying to express thinking
yeah sweet thank you let me tell you a
thing or two you certainly didn't
incorporate my beliefs into your
thoughts of me
unit six or three idiot says yes trip
wins that means the US and Russia both
will have cartoon versions of how both
countries saw each other during the Cold
War we are we are already at three
minutes to midnight
think about that as I said Trump wins
and and I'm still not voting for
president so that tells you what I think
a Hillary take her take her
o take her she you know what you know
she ain't she ain't perfect but she
ain't him
this time it's lupus says hey guys the
debate just finished thank you so much
for giving me something else to watch
you know what you're welcome
that's that's what we're here for that's
what we're here for well we'll give you
the distraction everyone can now watch
the highlight reel if Trump wins will
you move to Toronto that won't save you
from the nukes rich you've never said a
more correct thing ever you understand
like what nuclear the nuclear radius of
modern nuclear weapons is right and then
and then we're like that doesn't even
factor in fallout you know like people
say we're still like getting radiation
fallout from Nagasaki
I'm so fucked if we were still getting
it fallout would last that long or not
follow-up sorry not you have to worry
about the thousands of nuclear tests
that have happened since that and not
not following fallout was a character of
side effects okay I'm still getting side
effects football was the wrong term
sorry everyone
what do you mean by side effects them
they say that bit one you know when they
do a nuclear test it's not actual like
radioactivity is just the test of the
dispersal program really bombed footage
just of them the mushroom cloud
everything right right but that's not
necessarily like the full nuclear okay I
mean like less potent versions I believe
so they not defeat the point of testing
them well but because it's also just
about the dispersal process okay okay
but they they say that that the effects
of the radiation are still unknown and
there's you know modern-day cancers
grumps like we're still seeing little
bits
okay okay I'm so totally wrong I might
be it's really you know I might know
that happens from time to time you'll
tell me when I'm wrong which few agree
the Trump will mean the end how can you
find not voting irresponsible because I
don't because I'm exaggerating when I
say the nukes are gonna fall you say
that you say that
if there was a nuclear explosion what
kind of animal would you be
I'm well partially right okay oh so too
much knew keep saying Jack is wrong but
what he's trying to say is right they
don't usually test nukes at their full
yield don't wait what do you that's fine
don't you want at least test one at the
full yield let's see if the fucking
works no no because I don't because I
think that's dangerous
what was the one I think they know it's
incredibly dangerous there was one they
tested high in the atmosphere right and
it it fucked like electronics up and
what now cause well it did something to
the Van Allen belts that was oh my god
that's scary
yeah and it took them like years to
recover every didn't some scary shit
happen and I'm trying to remember the
details of the story
yet we're getting to the nuclear testing
portion of previously recorded which
might mean that it's time to wrap up
soon now that we are talking about
radioactive decay just putting that out
there simply too spoopy says I came here
to forget about my fear of my inevitable
demise instead oh sorry wrong stream
revel in it hey blame blame the fucking
US presidential race
right
there's a lot of things to blame
is that Mars rocket ready yet what what
do you much good not gonna last long on
Mars I'll tell you know what I'll take
my chances on Mars
have an adventure before you go
important to starve to death you know
what you'll get to see the Stars man
good to see space you do that every
night actually not even at the night you
just look up when you're outside
no you're sad you're looking at space
you'll see you'll be in space you can't
make out a lot of details when the Sun
is in the sky but you're looking at
space you're gonna be in it man you
idiot you ready no what do you think the
earth is no no not like in space he'll
be like in space man like you are no no
no like in space you know man come on
man
why don't we start work on the biodome
why do we stop ya heaven they just got
done with a big test of the biodome do
that yes I thought think I thought they
kind of considered it a failure and gave
up on it I mean the original one okay
the original one that discovered that
like they were sneaking in food and
stuff Oh was that what happened there
they got hungry it's yes yes no no but
they they just got done with a big test
and then they made they had a like a
documentary film crew it's a fuckin cool
concept right that's the whole thing
yeah that's gonna be a huge part of
intergalactic travel biodome was polish
sure movie wasn't I fucking love
biosphere the biosphere biosphere - what
biosphere - wasn't thing they built yeah
yeah but biodome is a Polish or movie
polish or in a Baldwin so did they build
a biosphere 3 and I didn't hear him on
Billy Baldwin see something wait did you
say they had another one or at least
they just had a biodome sphere whatever
you call them sir
and I like biodome better because it
reminds me of that ex
dad dad I regret my words but no they
just and people just got out and there's
gonna be a documentary film about it and
it was pretty successful yeah yeah some
someone's gonna tell us cuz to make to
make a Mars colony viable that's that's
the shit you need you need you need
biospheres yeah absolutely absolutely
cuz I don't know I don't know that it's
really possible to terraform Mars
there's just too many problems
hell yeah there because I think one
wasn't one of their girlfriends and
biodome Joey Lawrence Adams though then
again I don't know it's great I don't
like Pauly Shore I go watch his movies
Lori petti was in that one G that's
right my girl Lori petti what with the
bio what the BIOS would be enough to
protect you from the radiation on Mars
yeah theoretically yeah okay so no
that's an issue to having a Mars colony
well what the radiation will kill you
because there's no there's no electrical
magnetic magnetic field on Mars wasn't
that part of the Martian I think that
was part of the movie the Martian was
like he had to take meds and ration out
his radiation meds I don't remember that
I know and I don't remember that and I
think they consulted with real like
astrophysicists yeah well that book was
essentially it's where I'm looking that
Brooke was essentially early access he
was writing that and getting feedback
from the people who are reading at his
website as he was writing it oh yeah
he never I don't think ever intended to
sell it did hear the story about how he
ended up selling that book no no that
book he did as a hobby the margins
yeah people wanted to download it for
like the Kindle well you know the you
know ebooks and he couldn't do that
let's put her in the store he had to
charge it apart for it yeah they
wouldn't let me put it on the store
originally was just you can download app
refrain his website oh okay but to have
like the e-reader version or whatever
version that was he had to charge for
and it ended up becoming a smash success
well good for him
rich acting like you know stuff besides
Star Wars and who did 9/11 that's it
that's all you know that's rude but at
least you know two things that's more
than me I'm wrong all the time
apparently except for when I'm kind of
right according to the chat how often am
I the one to bring up star wars star
wars yeah yes
I was never trek like I'm the guy who
brought up the heat death in the
universe infamously one stream ya know
like Trek you're the one yeah yeah I
mean here at least on like best and
worst I'd say it's like maybe you bring
it up 40 percent of the time and no one
else brings it up why is that why don't
you guys bring up Trek more for crying
out loud
we're not the nerds that you are shit
why is prereq so probe from I I have to
assume that's a joke
of course it's a joke he's a big pile of
comics he's a big pile of vomit I mean
that's part of a Twitter conversation I
was tweeting at someone who's who's
complaining about the two parties and
they basically like they were comparing
the two-party system to to a disease
uh-huh and they say you know you you
have to you can't treat the symptoms you
have to treat the disease and I said
well that's true you also need a big
bucket for all the vomit that's like
Trump he's like the vomit
50% of the reason people will vote the
selections there they're really voting
for the Supreme Court 50% of the people
who are going in to vote this election
that's the reason they're going in that
means voting is Supreme Court that needs
to be a hundred percent of the people to
Supreme Court nomination on the table
there's gonna be a lot of people voting
for Trump because they know they've
bought into that yeah no I mean no thing
anybody's enthusiastic about Hillary
though no well maybe some people feel a
few people a few people are probably
enthusiastic about Hillary but yeah most
people most people are looking
big-picture kind of thing which is fine
I think that's fucking that's totally
fair please god damn it look at the big
picture do you want mr. grabber by the
pussy to nominate Supreme Court judges
well rich that's a fair question well
rich if Trump wins Wisconsin by one vote
I know who to come see yeah yeah you
have the Democratic Party for running a
candidate that I can't get behind how
about that
snap tol them tore him up maybe maybe
you don't get real change because people
feeling on my vote doesn't you know
doesn't matter who I know for I can't
you gotta vote for one of these guys
this is the one they put in front of my
face that's what I got a lap up
got a sigh rank of ten this time it's
lupus says don't I got another what are
mr. Tendo
you know what I'll do this properly
that's what I do from word game child UK
says if Trump gets elected yeah
I hope the spectroscope from Howard the
Duck sends me flying to duck world also
from Howard the Duck what alternate
plane of existence would you be sent to
you know what it's been too long since
I've seen Howard the day well
considering the world will end hell the
hell this time as lupus says Mars's
atmosphere was stripped away my solar
winds because it's too small to keep a
liquid core when its course I'm gonna
find lost almost all its magnetic field
which protected it from the sun's
radiation yes yes with Mars you'd have a
hard time terraforming it because a no
magnetic field is probably the most
difficult problem and then certainly not
an easy problem would be the lack of an
atmosphere is very thin okay like even
the guy who wrote the Martian I'm trying
to play it the same Andi something Oh
any scenarios no no that's different guy
different guys he's the motion capture
guy Amy Sedaris no that's Andy Serkis
yeah Andy Sedaris I think is the guy the
brother of Amy Sedaris all right good
luck David Sedaris let's say Viserys
you're right
well fucking who's Anders any weird
Jason sudakis is a comedian no it
doesn't fucking matter because this or
this storm that causes the problem in
the beginning of the movie is it's
physically impossible in Mars if there
were a thunderstorm on Mars that would
feel like a light breeze huh
Gregg Andy Richter there's almost no
atmosphere mars very thin i know there's
too many satirises jack is a drunk i am
not that drunk you could theoretically
import atmosphere for somewhere else too
so it's not so thin in theory I suppose
you can just something like that but I
don't know how the fuck you're gonna
ignite Mars's course don't we have
thousands of we're doing more harm than
good I don't the amount of new she would
probably need the whole planet would be
an irradiated wasteland millennia what
is that from is that from something
worth it ain't a Total Recall
but that wasn't nukes what the core
no no what what was it it's cited
science fiction where they like you have
to nuke a planet and then wait like 200
oh really if you if you completely like
bombard a planet with nuclear radiation
and then wait 200 years or something but
what is that I know I didn't know no
idea someone someone in the chat is
gonna is gonna remember what this is the
core amazeen what's the core I may be
familiar with it oh yeah Elon Musk has
got it let's just all follow it you
almost I have no idea what the core is
so maybe that's not it
chat Kirk or Picard is president totally
Picard Picard of course picard kirk kirk
would just be out Kirk would be Joe
Biden you could be out giving bitches
back rubs
the kirkwood get shit done
he probably hardened his diplomacy he'd
have a lot of gridlock going on curt
kirkwood beam you know what Kirk might
get shit done he'd be like Roosevelt
he'd be like Teddy Roosevelt Kirk would
be like god dammit you're taking my
nominees for the Supreme Court you're
not pushing that off he'd find a way to
to get that through her finds a way hurt
you know a curt kirkwood be a little
smooth talking he's reached across Oz
he's gets it done maybe a little bullet
Kirk would be Bill Clinton I think I'm
changing my mind
I think Kirk but card would keep you out
of any kind of Wars yep and work for the
Social and betterment of Asia he would
he would totally before funding like
like science type of missions in
education but again even though styles
different Kirk would probably be in
favor of such programs would he get
around to him already would he be too
busy hunting bears he'd actually be
pushing those policies for policies
forward while picard would be dicking
around trying to compromise with the
Senate see Kirk would find a way to get
it done yeah you might be right yes Oh
bother
Picard would surrender in the first
episode
now that's a debate I would enjoy
watching yeah characters in curtain four
sister car yeah I just wanted to end on
a close-up of this guy what is happiest
Bill Clinton who's become Abraham
Lincoln
Picard is the theoretical Bernie Sanders
well we'll never know what he'll be like
as a president actual president I gotta
be an actual president Picard would be
more Jimmy Carter yeah you know okay a
little bit of a pushover
oh well ton of social issues maybe a for
a Franklin Roosevelt maybe a Franklin
Roosevelt because because of all of the
the social issues but but you know
Carter and then what if what a car to do
after he left off his fucking puzzles up
build houses in Africa right so yeah we
got we got Kirkham cards yeah president
yeah that that's a great debate what
about the debate from vice presidents
Riker and Spock all right that was some
good television yes
yeah yeah Riker Riker Spock is a debate
I wouldn't I would love to watch agree
agree that's where the real shit show
Riker getting all passionate and spy
finding all the holes in US policy isn't
everything but but of course Spock would
never be able to initiate real policy
because he's so rigid
so Spock wouldn't get anything done it'd
be great
it'd be great smoke wouldn't be as rigid
as you think not as rigid as you think I
don't you know what and I'm not a I'm
not a the original series person so I
all I know is the is the caricature of
Spock so you're probably right
all right I'm all tavern we're ending
this old Spock or reboot Spock oh god oh
god old Spock Oh
reboot Spock would be launching the
nukes
okay hey this is this is the point in
the live stream in which we take a
moment to thank everybody who subscribed
to us during the stream thank you first
of all - leftover beefcake and his
wonderful watcher which is back
functional and looks gorgeous easy to
read thank you
beefcake for the Twatter we have sapota
75 15 welcome post emotional Captain
James May hello Gareth have Larissa's
whoo tie some know a nun no one and I
get it I get it oh that's pretty good ex
a snen Frogner
atomic mousetrap humberto Cabbage Patch
21 months in a row humberto Cabbage
Patch says hello I'll grab them by the
pussy how scary is it how close that is
to fuck my cock yeah we said it was
sarcastic exactly favorite customer says
lol in and
out my bratwurst Grand Moff Cali 23
fucking months in a row hold on I don't
think it likes them okay
Joshua hey so Sierra Oh something's
broken something's broken rich alright
everything's frozen
everything's frozen are we are we still
streaming I don't know I don't know I'm
waiting to find out
I'm sure if we're still coming one we're
gonna close the game see if that works
control-alt-delete Oh everything's
broken I should have I should have
exited game whoa ring yeah we're getting
we're getting some fucked up shit on the
end Mouse is no longer responding to
basic commands and control all deleting
is not working something we're back Rick
are we still frozen there we're still
frozen there or we are frozen
we're losing signal I guess I could
bring up this is hard
well yeah it's fish bus 21 fucking
months in a row banca dog 25 fucking
months in a row what Oh what is it still
working
Oh hold on my head just saw the mouse
well we had the mouse now it's gone how
it's gone every day hopefully we're
streaming it's gonna make it really hard
in the strip yeah because I gonna have
to hit the power button is basically how
we end it yeah
this was the subs exclamation point
emotion point subs
this is launchers table the second
