The J's (part 2)
October 5, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yRpWSny9924

you're not gonna play anything that I
know anyway no it Haidee whatever
whatever you have whatever you have here
is more recent than a Nintendo 64 yeah
I'm not gonna know a game that's all we
need to fight hold your horses we're
gonna change up the game there is you
have somebody just playing something and
no well and I think yeah yeah whatever
that I paid much attention okay all
right that's sure sure so I could get in
the conversation but I don't need to
okay as there's already too much it's
all fine
it'll all fine everything's fine he
already talked about Luke Cage Jack I've
talked a little bit about I know you
were disappointed in everybody was
really disappointed and it's really bad
yeah yeah I've heard they've heard not
great things and you know everything
I've been hearing has been very good
that's what I was hearing - a lot of
positive it's it's it has horrible
pacing it's very very slow it doesn't
necessarily have a thesis or it's not
saying anything okay
the action scenes are boring it's not
saying anything it's a fucking superhero
show well here's what here's what I'm
comparing it to it's a Marvel Netflix
show so you can compare it to daredevil
and you can compare it to Jessica Jones
okay
daredevil has good action scenes Jessica
Jones says something and the page has
neither and Luke Cage has neither
superheroes you haven't seen Jessica
Jones okay I'm not saying that's bad
it's it's a weird complaint for TV show
that was based off of a blaxploitation
turn the origins of the character don't
necessarily matter it okay okay settle
down
actually that was my that was my biggest
complaints is the entire thing has this
score that sounds ripped directly from a
70s blacksploitation movie no really it
cool it it's a great score it's not shot
like a 70s blacksploitation movie the
dialogue isn't like the care
doors aren't like that huh it doesn't
fit in the world and so you keep on
waiting for it to be like a fun like
Black Dynamite or dolomite or like not a
comedy but you keep waiting for it to be
fun hmm okay and it's not really fun
okay say something or be fun or be
action okay you know that would be fun
that would be fun yeah actually would be
fun like daredevil has great action this
does not allocate it does not have good
action and I kept on waiting for it to
be like like you know Jessica Jones is
basically a giant allegory for someone
dealing with being raped threatened and
it's it's fantastic Jessica Jones is a
fantastic show and so I kept on waiting
for it to be about like the
militarization of police or how police
treat black people or anything like they
mentioned stuff about like black kids
you know being afraid of police officers
but there's also like policeman
characters and like they're just like
I've been working and held them for 28
years you know I don't care about black
people oh I guess that's all it doesn't
do it doesn't say anything and there's
not good action I watched a great
documentary about Pablo Escobar oh yeah
I was that talking I've been hearing
something going around about it I was on
a bleak show right nothing at the show
no oh oh so thanks one of those 30 for
30 ESPN documentaries oh yes he funded
the Colombian soccer team I did not that
was about that why would 31 30 they were
a very bad year they're a very good team
they didn't make the World Cup like 28
straight years and then suddenly they
got a huge influx of drug money that
they were laundering and the team became
super great awesome oh interesting that
sounds very cool that was that was the
same team that had the player that got
assassinated after he scored the own
goal and their lies
that's rough yes oh boy okay yeah hardly
they have this the two Escobar's because
the guy got shot was different guy named
Escobar okay no I feel a dynamite which
I loved and I don't think I've been I've
been watching movies actual like why do
you watch stranger things not yet I know
I gotta get to it I know I know it's
it's like I'm sure you've already been
bombarded with people telling you how
great it is and I'm gonna watch it it's
just it's reached that point where it
gets tiresome of hearing people talk
about this the same thing about where
it's just like you have some it's it's
it's it's a time yeah you know a time
commitment where I'm trying to watch
movies and I'm watching I'm trying to
keep up with wrestling which is starting
to get futile they have a paper waivered
pay-per-view every two weeks and say
split the rosters just like this is way
too much fucking way too much to keep up
with which is a bummer
um but between all that just yeah I
haven't like a series and I just haven't
really had time for it but and my
roommate keeps suggesting things yeah
like we watched we watch the
Ghostbusters we make this week also
could have been better
yeah technically yeah there were things
about it that I liked and there were a
lot of things about I didn't like what
did you like I thought the characters
were well done no really do you think
they could pedal Street with each other
not really yeah that's the wrong Kate
McKinnon it's like she's in another
planet I don't think they did anything
interesting with the characters once
they had them know they in but the the
characters are themselves well defined I
think I really enjoyed what's-his-name
the office assistant oh I thought yeah
yeah Chris Worth Chris I say it wrong
every time and I don't remember which
now I don't remember which is right
Hemsworth Hemsworth uh you were saying
Helms I know yes yeah yes Kate McKinnon
had some really
like by herself like that's the thing
though she's like an island in that
movie yeah she's like that that's the
biggest disciplinary between any of them
well doesn't chris hemsworth basically
turn it into a Saturday morning cartoon
the whole world falls apart that
character is so dumb
yeah well he is so broad turns it into
an SNL sketch yeah because I like also
he's like he he is playing it as if he
is on SNL and he had one day of
rehearsal for that role because that's
what it was like that one of the
funniest parts of that movie but I mean
IIIi appreciate the absurdity parts of
his character uh-huh
that's the stuff that I like is the
absurdity in general so it's just kind
of you know things like yeah does he
look better playing the saxophone or
listening to saxophone like that is just
stupid but in a really entertaining way
to me like the Kate McKinnon line where
she's talking to the the NSA dudes you
know they're saying you know how many
violations do just by operating how many
violations per day is like one was it -
it was one and the timing of that like
obviously did not do justice to it cuz
you guys I don't even remember what I
make of that I found very amusing um
yeah I mean there was a lot of other
terrible you know a lot of it was
terrible shit like all the cameos
although he'll Maurice he looks like he
wants to be anywhere oh yeah
almost all the Kami I like Lynn that
when well they're all distracting yeah
yeah yeah the best is annie potts
i thought the best was Sigourney Weaver
oh yeah
like their I wouldn't oh she talks with
Kate McKinnon oh yeah I guess which is
all the way at the end it's like in the
completely yeah in the credits which
line there yeah exactly exactly does
yeah save it till the very end until the
story's done the movies not about any
pots no she's not a very major character
but she gets a hero shot oh yeah they do
like a doll you know nurse yes that's
fair she was in second place all the
mail you know alive people like Harold
Remus couldn't help it in there anyway
um but yeah I mean I was way more
annoyed by Batman vs Superman Wow summer
yeah terrible somebody yell of that
movie
I'm so yeah you tweet about that nose
like I'm surprised you would even watch
well we did it as a hate watch
essentially oh really my guess is a see
with The Witcher like everybody in the
band went over to Chris's house and had
enough on projector and we were the
things we were yelling at so much it was
just like we should are you what is this
this game is called please don't touch
anything okay
I think I'm winning but we have but we
had that we had it projected and we were
yelling so much like we that movies the
biggest we shit we turned the subtitles
on thinking it would make more sense it
made less sense because we were reading
all the dialogue and just like what this
got even dumber now mm-hmm
made the main thing yeah almost nothing
in that movie makes any sense as far as
like dialogue or character motivations
no no my favorite thing was that when we
turned on the subtitles it would tell
you when everybody was grunting Bruce
grunts oh God Clark grunts oh there's
one more Bruce's like doing the the
workout routine oh yeah it's like the
rocky montage there's literally a sub
bill that says Bruce continues to grunt
movies getting way more sexual as we go
on which is not to say we had a bad time
but that movie was it's so Christ
so yeah comparing that to the other most
recent movie I've seen Ghostbusters
remake it's like Ghostbusters came off
pretty good like if you're gonna compare
those movies yes Ghostbusters is better
oh yeah yeah is I guess my that'll be
unofficial could you could you this mute
again it's very distracting music oh I
like it it's kind of that's it it's good
got like a little little bit of an
English thing happening you know I don't
know if the process is gonna continue on
its gonna change a little bit more
it's probably a loop but I figured this
would be a nice game to play while we're
all talking cuz it's called don't please
don't touch anything are you doing
winning so yeah is there any point in
the game where you have to touch
anything
so far no a little voice came on and
that guy said he was gonna take a break
and go the bathroom and please don't
touch anything and I didn't okay so I'm
gonna continue to not touch anything
while we while we talk about random
stuff you're not really following the
instruction though I am there's no
driver well that's a problem that's what
I'm probably not supposed to talk to all
a screwdriver reader but it says grab
please don't touch anything but that's
the name of the game well I've already
like a game first look your job I touch
the picture but apparently I can so you
can't straighten the picture can't touch
a picture yeah that's too bad
so I'm I won okay you're on the winning
you're still that's good that's good
that's what I figured that would just
give us more time okay I'll take that
there's an ending based on your actions
oh great how about you know what I get I
do some music talk sure I last stream I
was mentioning how I've never gotten
into jazz okay mostly because there's so
much jazz and where do you start sure
right and what's going I had my phone or
I do so thank you and so so someone
tweeted at me and they gave you the
right Jess they gave me they said here's
the simple jazz to start with okay tell
me it don't me and see what I got I'll
tell you what we got here and it's Miles
Davis yes kind of blue yes that is like
generally regarded as one one of if not
the finest jazz album of all time
okay great place to start great and you
know what I got it yeah well you know
they sent me a link to the YouTube of
all of it and I listened to it and then
about the record I was like this is this
is great
yeah and so you know listen to it's not
a long album
well he's various sure so is good I was
getting into it
and then it's like well shit where do I
go from here and so literally I googled
I like kind of blue what should I do
next I'm sure there and and there were
there's like a ton of discussion and
some of the most common advice I heard
was find who played on that album sure
and listen to their outlets but I made a
mistake
oh oh no what do I listen I I got a John
Coltrane album which Coltrane album a
Love Supreme
that's a difficult one that's a
difficult a brilliant record but it's
not a toad angling it's it's not kind of
blue no it's a it's a tough blues album
yeah angular yes and I wasn't ready for
it yeah yeah you'll get there yeah it's
it's it's it's jarring at time okay yeah
absolutely
like just like never know they're just
like an alarm clock go on no no I got
one terrible part of it other side of
the Moon oh and you're listening excited
the movement so they oh my
no but it's it's it's can be discordant
and yeah no I would for Coltrane if you
go with like my favorite things okay or
yeah my favorite things are probably
gonna be a good place to sort of blue
train okay is one this was also
recommended but I think I love supreme
came out first or oh I I had a logic
behind going with the Love Supreme
and I'm a that was a mistake yeah so if
you're getting trying to get into jazz
don't go to a Love Supreme
no we get there you're gonna love it
it's such anything I'm not gonna do
anything in the game okay great it's a
beautiful relative I know that's very
you a suggestion in the chat it's very
there's a lot of like you could dig very
far you can see the camera where's the
cam but what's the suggestion um put us
up here since the game yeah I have it so
perfect well where we are you're gonna
move us to the big screens but that's
the point
but that's locked in that's the game
we're playing
anyway you take that what am I gonna do
with it I don't know what anything I
don't know yeah there's a lot there's a
lot of Miles Davis records you wouldn't
necessarily go straight for first off
because they're very they're more
difficult and it is but like there's a
point where basically a Miles Davis got
into Jimi Hendrix and so everything got
really weird and funky really yeah I'm
not familiar yeah late 60s there's the
the point where that kind of started
with an album called bitches brew and
yeah it's it's it's this fusion like all
the way through the early 70s until he
finally had too many of the drugs but
there's like just amazing improv and
like it definitely kind of convicted me
with me as somebody that was into like
metal and because it's loud and it's
fast and it's just like there's a lot of
shit going on but again that's like
that's it's hard to consider that jazz
necessarily but at the same time there's
like John Zorn records that are you know
naked City where it's like yeah that's
jazz sure is a lot of speed metal in
that jazz what yeah that sounds like the
best jazz but that's but that's what
jazz is hard
well genres in general can be you know
our arbitrary immutable and you sure
yeah push jazz a lot of different ways I
mean the way I found Naked City was
through more like more extreme metal I
was just like this could be faster or
better more technical sure and like the
the rhythm section on on another the
drummer and the guitarist the drummer
the guitarist on my favorite Megadeth
album rust and peace are basically jazz
people that like to play metal so it's
very tight and you know very skilled
sure but it's also you know fucking
rocks so if you change i'll talk show we
might get more try
quick I mean but we're playing please
don't touch anything not quite there is
I like it when ya make the make those
stuff it oh that's perfect
yeah perfect yeah there you go it's not
perfect but it looks it'll wait when
Josh puts his arm down it looks perfect
okay good
except for the fact that his microphone
disappears do you know what notice that
microphone stands the black background
but yeah that's absolutely true there
the jazz is there's so much and it's
endless but much yeah it's hard to
figure out where to start but that's you
know I find it I find a comfort in that
to where it's just like yeah there's so
much I'll never run out that's fair this
was always something new to discover
that's fair oh I'm always just looking
for looking for new things which might
not be like new in terms of time no to
you to be new to you absolutely where do
you leave a fridge oh we're never gonna
read them all like way behind doing too
much actual talking yeah it's there yeah
Oh Jess I'm just anonymous wanted to
compliment review series well thank you
we just shot another one tonight it's a
fact 30 Helens agree oh that's other
kids in the hall references I wouldn't
hear about kids in the hall made me
think of Bonnie Python you hear about
teri Jo oh yeah so sad oh he has
dementia it's it's resulting in aphasia
so he can't speak really yeah which is I
mean Terry Jones is you know such a
magician with words mm-hmm
and it's so sad that they he just was on
he was accepting award with us with his
song I didn't watch that I heard about
it and I was
because he's just he's trying he's
starting to talk
yeah just nothing comes out that's it
that's really sad it's really sad but
not a good not a good way to go to
mention least not for your loved ones
yeah yeah but he's still you know with
his family and friends I mean Michael
Palin
I think tweeted something about visiting
him like this week oh yeah I read that
yeah so easily with the best you can
well it's a sad thing I mean that's it's
one of those things where it's just like
well that's that's time that's time
crossing in front of you is just
watching you're watching your heroes die
yeah it's gonna keep happening
if we're lucky you're lucky everyone you
know you get to watch them die I'm not
afraid to stare at the hold card to hold
the hard cold truth and just call it out
sure no you're right you're right
Doctor Doom it up says greetings from
Munich oh great
sorry anonymous I don't know what that
means uh Caucasian Gary I don't know
what that means
maybe I can't read Jack has been
drinking this is beer number two we've
had one sip of it Jesus is very low
tolerance tonight apparently apparently
I did I don't know if Jack and Josh will
ever do a review if we do it will be the
lowest viewed thing in red letter media
history okay here's what you do you take
you to and you talk about like a movie
that everyone wants to hear us talk
about and we'll see what wins out there
you go
you should talk about the Matrix sequels
haha Evil Dead 2 no they admit something
like The Matrix sequels or what's
another big one that everyone wants a
blanket review for this would be
something like that
yeah yeah yeah agreed agreed
thank your hands afresh for saying ass
agree Jurassic Park we did a commentary
track for Jurassic Park but Jack and
Josh didn't do a commentary track oh
that's true double down and then we
could put in a little people would hate
Josh and I talking about it so much that
they were click on the chat Assange
ishtar there you go Jack and Josh talked
about his start here's the thing people
keep since we did that ishtar joke
people keep mentioning that we should do
Ishtar it star is not from what I
understand I haven't seen it from what I
understand it's not a terrible movie
it's a notorious flop and riot it costs
a shitload to make and it didn't make
any money but it's not like like a
notoriously terrible movie right there's
nothing interesting about Ishtar as a
movie it's just fun to make fun of it
agree tacking the clothes made money but
relative to its budget it is the worst
film ever made very profitable Ishtar
might not be that bad didn't make a
problem I didn't make any money
yeah sorry there needs to be a bad movie
that does a shit ton of money or a movie
that cost of shit ton of money that was
bad or a good movie then in other words
you're covering all of the beverages all
of the bases or elephant I am drunk is
apparently what's happening I'm movie I
don't feel like I'm drunk hey have you
seen yoga hosers no clerks review maybe
clerks review maybe yeah we don't want
to do with you
I'm a big fan of clerks I would love to
talk about clerks yoga hosers looks like
the worst thing ever
I dunno end it gamer child UK it goes on
to say I'm it's a passion project for
his daughter
that doesn't okay that's great make a
home movie don't like basically the
whole movie was made because of the one
scene of them in toss his daughter oh
yeah yeah and Johnny Depp's Johnny
Depp's daughter and he had so much fun
did you see that schmaltzy like behind
the scenes like interview with him no I
heard about it it's it's heartbreaking
it's heartwarming breaking we're
basically Kevin Smith said I a long time
ago I just gave up on making movies and
it shows and shows but then I was
directing this one scene with my
daughter and it was like I was making
movies back with my friends again and
that reinvigorated my loved for mega
movies it's like oh that's so sweet I
don't care I don't want to see tusks but
I want to see you that's really sweet
yeah what you should get together with
George Lucas and they can just make
movies for themselves there you go
that's the thing that's the thing about
go if he can do whatever he wants yeah
he gets that Kevin Smith has any
interest in salad unboxing video well
that's a good rich have you seen that
clickbait article with a picture view on
it no oh yeah it's so creepy and I don't
know if you can sue someone over yeah
well how do you even contact whoever
made it
what is this it's not even know how you
would find it's like a clickbait thing
and it says like this this 46 year old
man live no it's like 50 something this
50 year old man lives in his mom's
basement and you'll never guess why and
it's a picture of you from the the star
wars force awakens trailer reaction like
looking at where you are in like the
Star Wars shirt yeah this 50 year old
lives in his mom's basement you'll never
guess why Oh Internet sir of you I I've
seen this all over yeah people who see
if I can find it I'm sure somebody's
posting oh it was crazy I'm not sure you
can
I don't know how you would find out who
even made the ad
yeah what do you sue them for yeah yeah
yeah that's your image yeah let's
trademark your image is trademarks of
red letter media contracts have been
signed
assuming somebody's posted it to her
page I'm sure I'm sure
that's anything yet yeah here it is no
that's not that you can't click on it
yeah oh my god isn't that crazy
but it's like like we have like
discusses the comments on our website
yeah there'll be a couple ads above it
and so it's like one of those type of
it's like you click on it and it says
you to a site that you have to click on
five other things yeah but I don't
yeah I don't know it's so bizarre I'm
gonna guess I'm gonna guess whoever
wrote that as a fan and that was their
idea of a joke sure missus airily know
that video because they are a living
breathing meme machine
I have never I understand I've heard
people say this I have never run across
a rich Evans meme in the wild
no no no it's other people finding them
I'm posting yeah yeah but I've never
worked with myself I am gonna get be
they can't be that prevalent I have run
across them I've seen him yeah there's
the one of you sitting there in the
chair with the the superimposed in the
close-up of your face now and shows a
line I've never seen that outside of
somebody like licking look at they
posted no and you know just the other
day I was talking with some friends of
friends like people I kind of knew
uh-huh and they were bringing up we were
talking about internet stuff and they
brought up did you see that little kid
with the dick the birthday boy sure they
don't know what I do and I was like
that's my friend I see him three times a
week they were so you're everywhere
I have Fame but I don't have the money I
did it backwards yeah
goddamnit I'm sorry goddamn everything
sorry who's Mario Bava that sounds like
a deal making this stuff worth watching
I've only ever seen Bay of blood which
is worth watching mm-hmm but I haven't
seen any of his other movies didn't seem
flex on there anyway I know he's one of
those like I've been making our way
through the full Chi movies yeah
so maybe when I get done with that I'll
watch some sim Baba other than bad blood
I have seen him no I'm with you though I
haven't seen I think I've seen something
they did but it was a later one that
with hmm guys we're not we're not
pressing the button that's the whole
point of the game what happens if you do
press the button I think I guess
probably fun stuff honestly but that's
not the game is please does this like
reverse psychology though I don't know
we're gonna see how far we can take this
the the Jolly red candy like buttons
it's a big button like there's a like a
restart things there your racer button
we're not we're not touching in I just
want to let the chat know that we're not
touching anything because that's the
game but oh well we can't do a review a
day all October because it's already in
like five days into us I was thinking
about that actually that would be have
to be something you'd plan out way ahead
of time
oh god having like a like a quick little
horror movie review every day would be
fun
I know that's what the video game nerd
does but Oh when people think we're
ripping him off to only be suddenly
playing out for next year or they're all
ready to go ahead of time
yeah I have to plan it yeah it's not
like we have to you know wait we talked
over to shoot these things oh yeah
exactly
we added some of that one movie that's
on the coffee table in there oh is that
is that what's happening then in a
couple and a couple weeks possibly that
would be great can't give anything else
away that would be great
don'ts don't say a word yes I know very
little and I want to stay that way
I just noticed we ordered another copy
I'm assuming that was us and not a
coincidence we have multiple copies okay
you guys we can't tell you can't there's
a procedure it's so exciting I'm just
excited somebody sent us a copy of black
shampoo what's yeah oh man way to be
fast one year yeah it was trippy it's
it's supposed to be the the
blaxploitation version of the 70s film
shampoo starring a Warren Beatty Beatty
sure except it just gets really violent
uh had you people off the movie I was
talking about was not a no-brain film oh
no no no it's a new discovery words
we're obviously very excited about
neoprene but not as excited as this also
it's it's I'm so excited about which are
you more excited about we've yeah people
already know about Neal green yeah
nobody literally nobody knows at the
pass yeah it's not nuki we don't have
enough copies of no we need a couple
moves do we got more not more and we
really appreciate that we are so close
own close you guys we did them the
month-long experiment where we work
opening mail right and that turned out
to be a bad idea for a couple reasons
for one nice lady sent us a poster to
sign with money attached for her
daughter's birthday and now we're really
cut into the wire now because it's been
sitting in here for a month no no it's
not till November all right good good
whatever if her daughter's listening
then you just ruin the surprise I don't
say names again what daughter he
mentioned a month and then you also got
eight copies of nuki yeah in the mill
really great buddy yeah we do one or two
more we're really close now we are so
close that's so great shadow elite five
has a question for the bearded guy oh
yes not not rich or Jay the extremely
beard guy extremely very very shadow
really five would like to know how you
started getting involved with the red
letter media Oh a little backstory for
Josh Jay and I were friends I mean I'm
in the Grabowski along with everybody
else make up anything you want right now
yeah factory together yeah well the
thing is no I went on that year-long
Walkabout excursion where I just watered
the earth and then when I came back I
mean I couldn't really I had this like
weird face blindness thing or I couldn't
really recognize people right right but
then I ran into Jay just on the streets
and for some reason I just keyed in on
his face wasn't on the streets there
were somebody walked by the the LARP
session that's where you got the name
wizard right no Jay goes the Jay goes the
halfling for the first time was that
that was at that larvae and I was like
what's LARP and then Jack explained it
to you they wouldn't let you participate
I was really hoping that were just
calling him an ogre I think he would go
showed up every week that was just like
man they were there were swords and I
thought sword all of all my character
did was I thought I was the lazy orc
just went from there okay no you know
how cus yeah yeah I do make it in
friends and talking to people
the short answer for how how did any of
us start working with each other we just
known each other for a while yeah we had
a ditions for the role I held auditions
for friends and this is what you and
this is all
or people with similar interests and
sensibilities naturally kind of meet
people that is funny how that works yeah
I would know if I wouldn't have the
house more let's see here not counting
nuki have you said have you been sent to
many duplicate copies of any film like
like you say is there one you get you
guys get like oh the fucking time what's
theirs what was we're getting copies of
star crash for a while we have a couple
copies of star crash David Hasselhoff
yeah - Caroline Monroe yeah kind of
double doubles on a few things huh
yeah nothing nothing works like Oh
another copy of this one no more baths
oh yeah we have some oh yes that
actually fun fact we'll do a little
actual fun facts I'm ready for when I
went I had to take apart blood debts and
put it in a new case no more baths
because we had it's so we have like four
or five copies of something I don't even
know if it's a movie called no more
baths and we just wear for it like I
don't know I don't think it's famous I
don't think it's like a famous bad movie
but for some reason we ended up with
multiple cause somebody has to have
heard about it it's gotta be some kind
of straining why else would we have
gotten four it's just a weird
coincidence
good day which is it looks like
something that people think they said
I've never even heard of Rob's like I
don't even know where they would have is
it like a wheel thing I don't know if
it's our movie heroes we're not a
hundred percent sure yeah yeah it seems
more like a wheel thing to me but that's
just from the from the side of the table
yeah I don't know here's the real thing
when when rich resized the camera window
yeah you didn't click back into the game
so I don't think it's been counting this
whole time
oh no yes when ruined what hasn't been
counting the game hasn't been counting
our time but the music is still been
going does it doesn't
matter doesn't matter yes no someone
just mentioned dragons strike yeah we
have a lot of copies of something called
dragons strike yeah which i think is
like a VHS game
that's the wherever it is definitely a
wheel thing yeah yeah we have like five
copies of that well there you go okay
yeah that's there you go answer
Hamza Frosch would like to talk for
final sure
assuming we record albums record no
vinyl as I know record album yeah okay
okay specifically what type of player do
you have oh lash want oh God
in terms of want there's a whole lot
like the stealing and we're it's like if
someone's just getting into vinyl like
what do you need
I wouldn't like number one all those
Crossley don't go with the layers do not
those Honorable they sound like ass they
will ruin your records they scratch your
record on what yeah they're yeah they're
made with the cheapest stuff they're
like the most commercially available
like can't you get a bit like some
clothing store carries oh yeah so those
yeah you think the cheapest ones and you
don't want those Jay's over here we just
want to keep looking I have a what was a
fairly cheap audio technics direct drive
turntable not just uh I think I got it
fairly cheap and it was a good deal and
it's fine it's nothing special
I'd love to upgrade this something like
there's a there's a there's a
manufacturer called project from what
Pro - checked which is why they'll just
say project project okay but they make a
nice entry level like really nice
turntable they're not gonna call
themselves amateur jet it sister but the
thing is you can start you can start
playing like you're paying like
thousands and thousands and think like
like turntables that cost as much as a
real nice luxury car
yeah like the real reasons like there
are two reasons that I haven't really
stepped up my turntables yet I've got it
nice like in terms of everything else
the speakers are fine I've got a nice
70s Myron's receiver that sounds
fantastic
ah but number one my uncle
has his old turntable he's wanting to
give me and it's I don't remember the
brain but I remember it being very nice
I haven't seen it for like 15 years they
just waiting you're waiting for him to
finally pull the trigger yeah yeah and
number two I can spend all that money on
records different records so it's hard
for me to upgrade when what I have is
fine it's hard for me to feel like I
need to upgrade that when I could be
spending that money on new variety of
records because I'm just the kind of
person that is always searching for
variety a new thing that's very
practical yeah I stick to what I know
that's fine I avoid new experiences by
the way you know how we needed a record
player for the force awakens review yeah
I know you eventually found one it was
this mine I was looking and I was
looking at the thrift stores I was on my
list of stuff we needed and I couldn't
find one yeah said the thrift store
yesterday looking for just more VCRs
there's one there yeah a day after the
play good review goes up ever know when
their window yeah yeah but yeah yeah
projectors good one Riga is another
really good manufacturer that makes but
like like nice turntable that you can
actually afford hmm you know like in the
in like under 500 bucks
okay kind of range are we gonna be
saying like it's like $20,000 luxury
VCRs in a few years boutique VCR I know
always there every eight heads I know
there was a period where they said they
weren't gonna press anything on vinyl
anymore no that never happened it never
happened I thought it was a period where
they're like vinyls done no it went very
went very underground and smaller all
the major labels said we're not pressing
bomb yeah maybe people were so was there
ever a period where record players were
not being manufactured no okay because
now we're at a point where VCRs are not
being manufactured goods right so I'm
wondering if yeah eventually there will
be some sort of like collectors market
that makes it viable for somebody to
manufacture VCRs and they're really
expensive
they got a hand make all the fucking
this is why we're loading up on VCRs
right now you know we need them for work
no I mean nobody's nobody's come out
with it with a boutique laser this
player yet yeah that didn't have like
quite the impact the VCRs add but it had
the collector cachet I guess there
wasn't as much stuff released on their
Lotus though lasers well not compared to
VHS but there's a ton of stuff there
sure but I mean VHS there's so well
there's so much stuff but there's more
stuff on VHS than there is on DVD yeah
yeah and that's always gonna be the case
every new format there's less and less
stuff released on it yeah we got two
beta tapes in the mill oh really yeah I
only had a player at home but I haven't
tested it yet okay okay you know we
don't need one
well you know we do it is one what was
the movie that we only had on beta that
we wanted well at one point we only had
Megaforce bars and then we have
Megaforce on VHS and DVD yes is the
solution to find a beta player or just
to find a VHS or DVD copy of the if we
or we could do a beta episode that's
anything that's available in beta is
also available on VHS but that's the
stick like we just need a stick for an
episode I mean we wide said the run beta
we don't watch anything of VHS ever we
never destroy the movies that never
happens hard to find
well yeah did I tell you I I ruined the
thrift store Oh VHS economy oh we work
for them for the best of the worst you
know when I went up today oh yeah I went
to the thrift store I bought like a
shopping cart full of tapes okay there's
this gonna be a long way and I took them
back to City and I glue it around only
got me like like six inches high went
back like later that week I bought
another shopping cart I did it I had
another six inches or thermo then I went
to buy a more a week after that they had
doubled the price
twenty-five cents in tape 255th just
like well you just have to go to a
different place we're going to deal with
Half Price Books where it's just like
all the ones they don't want you can
just literally take the boys all of them
they still have the adjustment at first
books I didn't look last time at these
seven all the way in the back yeah they
had the back wall yeah I didn't go that
far last time they're in that area like
I'm extracted by the books they had some
really good books for me yeah we had the
Peter Ivers focus to biography and
heaven everything is fine which is about
Peter Ivers the guy that sang that song
time and his history and unsolved murder
and they had the five hundred plus page
Abba biography I am fucking psyched oh
sure psyched oh it's just yeah
and the mr. show episode guidebook which
is oh okay they have around sure I've
seen this question a couple times so
we'll just answer it for Ishmael do any
of you want to welcome to the basement
I've never heard of it no I'm sure
they're fine people unless it's like
snuff films or something which case
they're horrible people do similar
things see this is why we don't well I
try to act we do things we do yeah
influenced by other people don't want to
watch other yeah people who also watch
bad movies because that might be a bad
movie I have to walk exactly why I don't
watch Mystery Science Theater 3000 yeah
I see I had already watched all the real
science theater before we started the
show so I'm kind of fucked but like I
won't listen to an episode of how did
this get made if I think I should like
unless it something we've already done
or something we'll never do
yeah yeah they tend to do a lot of
larger it's a lot of bit of stuff yeah
that's why I get to listen to it a lot
of stuff we don't do but if it's
something like no and all that trying to
trying to come to it as fresh as
possible yes
although somebody I remember somebody
gave me guff about making the same joke
in space mutiny about how there's the
woman that gets shot and then she's on
the bridge in the next scene look yeah
they make that joke and Mystery Science
Theater because that's not even a joke
it's an observation it's hot was it yeah
that's the joke yeah well people get
weird when we do a movie that's been a
Mystery Science Theater as always those
comments that they did at firsts and
apparently they did it you're not
allowed to also do it sure hope you like
the very next shot yeah that's very nice
right right that's my point
come on no I don't have to press the
button now that's the whole game I am
winning the game and you're welcome it's
probably very fun but the cuttings
happen if you press the button no you
haven't made any more progress that's
the point though right but you clicked
back and there's still no more progress
nothing's happening the game it says
please don't touch anything I am winning
how do you know you're winning because
they want they want you that's what they
want you to think they want y'all I've
been playing this for so long that I
have to of course I have to press
something then you lose that's the game
so you say I don't know hurry that I
don't know the game I don't know how you
know you're winning Jay yes have you
listened to fan pharmacon I have no idea
what that is
so no if not it's dead death industrial
with harsh female vocals so that sounds
like something you would love I thought
was like a transformer the terms of the
like a attractor pharmacon arm akkad go
transform female vocals huh it's on the
same record label as John Carpenter No
but maker volumes about the eraser at
soundcheck reissue - oh I don't know
okay there's a bunch of stuff on that
label they like they go for a lot of
that weird like psyche psychedelic like
modern psychedelic stuff I think some of
the some of its good that I've heard so
it's not so good
like any record label they keep you know
some stuff you like some stuff you don't
like just because they're on the same
record label is not good yeah it's not
like it's fucking touch him go or
discord or something where it's just
like everything is at least worth a
listen right doesn't do that anymore
yeah I know they want me to press the
button or I know they want me not to
press the button and I'm doing a court
if you don't if you don't get a Czechs
doing a bit where we're technically
playing the game but it's an excuse that
Jack is using to just sit and talk with
his friends for your entertainment it's
also like half not a bit because I chose
this game see mostly a bit smelly
appealing to you your sensibilities -
there's only one thing that you
shouldn't do and you're you know you're
doing a good job by not doing exactly
really we're in a game we don't have to
play yeah you should you just put in an
uncharted but I'm chump hump but um jump
oh you're lucky that you're not Frank
because you'd have dr. Forrest are
trying to tell you to push the button
speaking of Mystery Science Theater 3000
when is the new Mystery Science Theater
coming out I don't know I know there I
think they're shooting it now maybe or
they're writing it hmm it's in the works
I want it's next year so everything else
is everything's next year yeah Twin
Peaks mr. Sam that's all that matters um
but I'm excited for it I like I like the
cast I like the idea it's a little weird
that they're having all these really
known people on it like cuz the charm of
the original show is how like cheap it
was yeah you know it's a bunch of
nobodies sudden I have like Patton
Oswalt's and like Felicia Day and all
these people is a little weird but the
thing is apart from Patton and Felicia
like
rest of the people on it are not that
known depending on how into like indie
comedy you are
I know Jonah ray I know Jonah ray I know
Baron Vaughn I can't remember the guy
that's doing crow but I've heard a
little bit of his stand-up and he's good
like Jonah ray at this point is probably
less known for indie comedy than he is
for being Nerdist right well that's kind
of the kind of the same thing I mean
those are in be comedians oh sure but I
think he's less known for his comedy oh
yeah yeah but yeah the difference
between between yeah being like known
for any company being known as intended
comedian comedians are just comedians
that haven't made it big no it's a
different thing okay
it's a different thing okay there are
it's what they used to call alternative
comedy yeah yeah and you can be a
comedian that hasn't made it there what
is the death of an indie comedian what
is the difference uh I need to know
Jerry Seinfeld versus louis c.k they're
both big though yeah Jerry Seinfeld vs.
Patton Oswalt man that's the only song
kind of like the same to me look I mean
they have different styles of comedy
okay I would say is has a more
straightforward stand-up style than most
alternate that's what I mean like they
have us like there's there's a fairly
similar style but there's a different
approach like louis c.k still fills the
fucking Riverside but he's selling his
stuff on his website for cheap and he's
not starring in a sitcom I think you
know I thought you're talking it's so
it'd be like I'm talking to some
publishing your own movie versus all
right that's what I mean Oh John wise
it's all comedy now yeah you can you can
you can delineate it however you want
seems like a fairly arbitrary
distinction like I would say that your
what my foot hit the lap oh oh I would
say that like a good crossover point
would be Brian Regan like he is a very
well-known comedian and he does I've
heard the name pretty well okay fine
whatever it is pretty like pretty normal
calm
but he's also really well respected by
all these although many people so he's
like an interesting sort of crossover
point it's like George Lucas was an
indie filmmaker pretty arbitrary
distinction made Whig budget Hollywood
film okay thx was an indie correctly
yeah well and he will in America here's
the important part
return job well we're not return Empire
Strikes Back was an independently funded
movie
yep that's that yes very important that
it's a movie he made outside of the
standard studio system and that's huge
but I don't think it's necessarily I
don't think there's a comparative comedy
thing well I think we see Kate who was
really famous but apparently Lewis who
stars in his own sitcom right it does
all and like his major Network support
but also does his own stuff it's it's
like Radiohead Radiohead is a giant band
who now sells their own stuff yeah
through their own network with AB system
but they were established beforehand yes
but that's also different because the
music industry collapsed what other
choice do we have
was doing pretty good but at least for
Empire that's an independent movie
strictly speaking out and well but it's
a it's also like one of those exception
that makes the rule the shirt yeah
what's the difference
other than other than level of financial
success what's the difference it's the
it's the approach I know I'm having a
hard time sort of sort of articulating
this releasing something the products
yourself or releasing it through a
company right yeah kind of but
stylistically no we're gonna tell you
most like a stylistic that's that's yeah
we're talk about the exact opposite of
them yeah
it seems like a stupid thing to even
have to make a distinction on well not
have to make a distinction but like like
for example with red letter media yeah
your movie is very like space cop is a
very different movie than
even a similarly budget loan low-budget
movie because you are you will release
your distributed studio wouldn't make a
movie like that boom alright alright oh
why that even if they did it's released
within the confines of the studio so
it's like you are an independent there
okay okay they have it's more about
these system in which it's released yeah
they're yeah I'm sure that was really
excited you say this topic is boring
next question of would oh that's my
tummy next question this football for me
to toss all of us talking about this
shit
Tony versus Ridley Scott go Ridley Tony
mates lock Ridley Scott made some good
Tony make Top Gun oh yeah yeah yeah
really Scott well he made tough and my
ear on the sink so Cerebus is just
asking for thoughts on Tony Scott films
versus be more famous stop okay
Tony Scott made like stupid goofy stuff
yeah he made that weird they really Oh
Domino yeah well they were brothers when
I was dead now but Tony has passed on
Tony the only pass jumped off a bridge
like brain cancer something like that
yeah yeah a few years ago okay not
recently well I mean like it didn't
happen like this morning that's why they
no no it was a couple years ago yeah
probably still pretty insensitive of me
friends or not no yeah no Tony Scott
didn't like Top Gun Beverly Hills Cop
two dads of thunder fuck yeah Thunder
fuck yeah Matt last Boy Scout I mean he
had the mellow yellow car in that one
yeah you know you made like acceptable
like action brainless action stuff
that's Robert Ridley Scott racing yeah
Ridley Scott does you know he did alien
he didn't Blade Runner which I'm
personally not a huge fan of but people
sure like it it's it's certainly a more
interesting movie than Top Gun
hey I'm sorry but it's true
what is your problem with beach
volleyball today that's the question
that's the question
come on it's not so much a problem with
eachother
a problem with val kilmer plane goes I
feel which one died goose okay I only
saw that movie once
oh man there's only a few years ago I
never saw it growing up for some somehow
I never saw it
well goose who's excited for a rival and
set up a record it's real good son sorry
I'm not I'm not mentioning your names
I'm just trying to get a little that's
the one with dancing queen on it I mean
fuck that that's the movie with
what's-her-face and Amy Adam Oh anyway I
don't know a thing about it
yeah I haven't seen the trailer for
Shane right the arrival 1996 1996 via
run they are not very a new one cause
it's called a rival and it's like a this
is a remake or a coincidence it's a coin
it's just another movie with that title
I've never I'm sorry it's it's been
playing in film festivals
yeah and it's supposed to be very good
and it's about aliens coming to Earth
and it's a serious movie it's like an
arthouse alien sci-fi what the fuck fuck
could you call it the arrival though not
be arrived knowing that this arrival I
recall with someone else because there's
slack out there call you know why you
called that because nobody remembers the
arrival of Charlie Sheen about the movie
I haven't seen the trailer it looks
interesting yeah like Amy yeah she's
fine I like aliens as a concept I mean
also movie okay great you're welcome hey
yeah great playing blue estate I know
we're playing please don't touch this
photo so we're not gonna play blue state
I'm very some parent Lee Jackson very
well I am winning I guess
there's still no more nothing else is
happening so we're doing great sure Josh
yeah this question is specifically
towards you okay
thoughts on Kurt Cobain and Courtney
Love it's kind of broad that's the
question what are your thoughts on my
thoughts on Kurt Cobain are generally
positive sure my thoughts are Courtney
Love are generally negative unless
you're talking about her performance in
the People vs Larry Flynt great job in
that yes did she have him whack ladies
meal ticket she wasn't gonna yeah yeah
no no he was fucking depressed you know
unless hypothetically he was talking
about divorce then she'd get half his
shit that's fine yeah she's a greedy
bitch she was all the shit no no if they
got justice to have all the shit if they
got divorced she they still have a kid
like she's still getting good for ya
know it no there's no fucking way it's
no fucking way what do you think about
what do you think about a hole I am doll
Park yeah obviously like I feel like
they could have been a better man than
they were I mean like the drummer was
fantastic they were they fucking things
just because Courtney Love married Kurt
Cobain
no no they existed no there's no they
are known because Courtney Love married
Kurt Cobain that's one of those things
we can't even really think you like who
knows so many fucking bands got big in
the 90s for a minute you know it's one
of those things it's possible to say
garbage garbage from medicine mostly
yeah everybody except the singer who was
Scottish yeah she's probably I'm
strictly speaking the garbage are from
various small towns in Wisconsin yeah
all right but butch vig is from Viroqua
Viroqua Viroqua Wisconsin but yeah that
yeah they were they were Madison do
dudes and Iran sparked studios where a
lot of Records got recorded including
Nirvana records see the right there
what if Courtney were planning to kill
Kurt Cobain Oh an amazing coincidence he
shot himself the morning of the day she
was going to have a dumb fuck ever dude
sense for Courtney to want to kill Kurt
like boy we will this suicidal heroin
addict kill himself
oh gosh it just happened come on come on
you know said he didn't have a gun why
is it oh he lied fucking liar well you
have one but then his friend gave him
one Dylan Carlson so when he wrote the
song he didn't have one so it wasn't a
lie at the time possible all right all
right
also you could have been lying to you
you wanted to tell a story there okay
nice by the way I would that song came
on the radio
what song come as you are which was the
second signal from never mind record
it's pretty low look I've never been
that fund ever smells like teen spirit I
think like even early on first time
first few times okay I think it's a very
interesting song so terrible there's a
lot going on there like basically like
Dave Grohl is doing like a breakbeat
essentially in the chorus which is very
interesting and it's a weird thing to be
in heavy indie rock it's interesting to
think that all the dudes that we're into
hair metal at that point totally love
Nirvana because it's just another loud
band not realizing that they spelled
their doom probably wouldn't make my
like top 10 songs they've done yeah it
smells like teen spirit yeah tell me
something in the way Polly anymore a lot
a better song like sapphire that they
wrote that one day but they perform
nicely not like in terms of studio
albums that kind of goes backwards for
me in terms of how often when I listen
to the euro is still my
my top one okay never mind behind that
and bleach and then I don't listen to
bleach very often yeah
but they put out when they did that
whatever like 20th anniversary I think
I've never mind whatever it was they put
in a box set and there is a CD of the
original mix of never mind like the
original rough mixes with before Andy
Wallace did the mixing and it's very
cool because it's it's still the same
obviously the same performances the
soundtracks but it's it feels like
people performing them as opposed to
like the gloss wrong turn yeah Bradley
so it's it's cool because it kind of
brings back a record that everybody's
really interested or everybody's used to
I was like you've hurt everybody's hurt
never mind over and over again for 20
fuckin years yeah and you get to hear
that record in it differently fun we can
talk about it you know people love this
Chatterley five I'm not going to press
the red button Josh yeah I noticed in an
old best of the worst you were wearing
an H would sure H equal a quid yes who
is your favorite character and are you
keeping up with the new updates oh I am
absolutely keeping up with the new
updates it's so much easier now that
he's doing it just once a week I think
that's also focusing his story skills
because they were a lot it like towards
the end before he took the break there
were a lot of times where this is an
online comic strip by the way never go
what's a call a quit okay about a bunch
of animals that that you know are
sentient and talk and things so like
Zootopia know rich knows it's kind of
hard to explain I know what Zuko it's
just like okay but how got my favorite
that's tough
somewhere between roasted beef who is
the smartest but most depressed cat and
Philippe who is a five year old daughter
that never grows up he's always the
child and he is easily surprised it
comes to web comics sluggy freelance
my familiar I can't explain it I can't
explain it quickly see that's that's the
problem fake wood it's gotten bad and
it's older years it was like pretty it
was like before it's sort of like the
late 90s I think it's been around
forever on a day okay it's one of those
it's kind of been evolving from simple
humor a day to longer and law or story
art and Pete Abrams guy who does it as
big problem right now is he cannot
finish the story
oh he cannot but there are some fun
times that's lucky okay fellas says
element 731 how has the reaction been to
the new planket Vidhan did anyone in the
public reaction surprised you make you
laugh keep up the great work
oh if I haven't seen the visit out to
you and watch this I know earlier I
watched like the first 20 minutes and I
didn't much care for the fact that he
was rebutting people's rebuttal just got
a little bored turn it off that's that's
yeah it seems to be sure it picks up no
that's well here's the thing is there
people that seem to think that it was
just going to be a force awakens review
yeah
and if error was called the force away
no it's not and that's what people say
like you should have called it the force
awakens review it's not called bad it's
the Star Wars awakens review because
it's about everything that happened with
stars so there's some people it's it's
sort of ironic actually because the
biggest complaint is that people want it
to be just like the other plinky reviews
sure which is of course the biggest
complaint about the force awakens it's
just like a new oh you can't really do
that because whatever problems the force
awakens might have it is nowhere near as
bad yeah exactly
it's an okay movie what's more
interesting is Star Wars as a whole and
everything that's happened in the last
few hours with Disney buying it and the
marketing and the the rise of the
prequels aren't that bad articles which
show that was the focus of it some
people just want force awakens worse
than prequels
because because it's kind of like a new
hope so you should just make fun of it
because yeah there's that there's that
argument that like everybody's nostalgic
for the Star Wars original and that's
why the prequels I'm
ever been that big of a Star Wars guy
look I watched him I liked him enough
like they don't they're they don't
they're not a touchstone for me okay
fucking hate the prequels they're so bad
yeah they're so bad right of course it's
just a movie you say fails yeah how is
this even a question whereas the force
awakens yeah I'm gonna watch it about as
much as I watch the originals which is
much no I was I was I was on a podcast I
got asked to be in a podcast we were
trying to think of like love topics I'm
just like yeah and so the guys were like
video game yeah we had a nice podcast I
mean I saw that it recently passed a
million views which is very nice
oh it's doing well that's good it'll
never be Titanic I'm gonna watch it I
just hope it's not Titanic it's not
gonna leave the Internet
it is it's it's gone well because I know
you guys can I borrow a copy do you have
it on a thumb drive we have another VHS
tape I yeah someone wants to know uh
wait did I miss the wrestling
conversation like NXT no we never had it
how Roman reigns is Vince McMahon's
chosen one and how Mauro Ranallo
is the best commentator ever also
character creation in WWE 2k16 please
okay haven't played the video again
probably won't ever mauro is definitely
the best announcer they've ever had he's
a guy that actually came from like not
just wrestling but boxing and things
like that and he makes really weird
references to old things that no one
gets anyway he doesn't give a shit and
people kind of call him I was like yeah
I've been reference to that fuck it
Roman reigns is in a really tough
position like I know they wanted to
point like like push him as the new
golden boy
he's not really good in that character
so they're trying to figure out what to
do with them
NXT is fantastic the old / current
golden John Cena Oh everybody fucking
knows John Cena because he's the face of
the company essentially and he's gonna
remain that way even though he's still
act like he's still wrestling but he's
like the guy that they send out you know
he's the press guy he's the guy that
shows up on The Today Show or Good
Morning America he's the guy that
fucking learned Mandarin when the
company was thinking of investing in
China doesn't everyone hate him not
really okay ironically nothing but love
about John Cena I mean he's great like
just you know Richard get it together
though about that much a man Randy said
hey hey all right
junkyard dog all right god bless I
mentioned more dead wrestlers come on
guys
yeah but the other I think the other
part of that question yeah there's no
writing writing writing writing paper
there's no more Macho Man Randy Savage
and Bobby the brain Heenan can't do it
anymore
no that's the point what's the point
still good storytelling there's lots of
good stuff going on all right lots of
good suck on NXT if you guys probably
know that NXT is kind of the
developmental I've heard about Italy
I've heard about minors yeah okay but
it's way more fun you get to see a lot
of new people coming up and it's always
like there's always good stuff going on
they're getting kind of the cream of the
crop from other indie promotions
okay they're finally getting their shot
also you like getting inner shot equals
getting paid like you get some people
that are just like I'm getting towards
the end of my career I need to make some
monies yeah let me just go over the WWE
finally you know cool which is fine and
they do some good work um but yeah annex
t is a lot of fun I was just watching
last week's episode the other day and
Oscar wanted like two minutes flat which
is kind of a bummer like she didn't get
much of a match but they don't have ask
a is the woman's joking right now she is
a powerhouse she hits people with her
butt like a hip attack but she literally
just runs across the fucking ring and
hits hits American you know her
competitor with is it like a flying
button or like it's a running
just slowly rub it on their face Haley
no no no it's definitely an attack
it's a bot of testing a blood attack
someone gifts oh well yeah like she
hasn't there's nobody around to really
match up with her and it's kind of a
bummer but they're trying to they're
building up the women's NXT roster
because a lot of those women got called
up to the to the man shows okay both of
which are okay but also have the
problems they do a lot of ladies
wrestling these days yeah okay
yeah big thing now the headline match on
Raw this week was Charlotte versus Sasha
I had me one fucking great I haven't
been around like 20 years so yeah does
anyone see a documentary about jake the
snake' yet I still think it's really
really good yeah it's really emotional
and good he is in appleton tonight oh
really do at a stand-up club telling
stories yeah got some buddies that are
there yeah there's some stories but my
opinion of wrestling is that behind the
scenes stories are usually more
entertaining than anything you actually
see on TV sure yeah I don't I don't
necessarily crop with that I gladly
watched like a wrestling documentary
yeah but I you know have I don't have
much interest in like washer like the
most interesting and emotional like
deputy programming I saw this last year
was the documentary about how Seth
Rollins got injured and his path back to
health okay okay and it's fantastic so
yeah I told I know eggs I know exactly
what you mean
but knowing Jack's throwing her bunch
yeah throwing her button of that person
all right and they bit like seriously
the fucking announcers both of them on
integrate you are really good by the way
they're not as good as Morrow with
graves and Tom are both really good and
they seriously try to call that like a
hip attack folder that is that is all of
wrestling is a weakened or not yeah yeah
but left so they used to finish straight
up to the brown
black and that's there you go so that's
probably enough wrestling I mean these
other keep the rest of you guys and
we're never gonna get them all it's fine
it's fine this jag has made from a
nominal progress that looks like you're
near the time are you there's a couple
that I'm scared we're not playing games
anymore because they're not wrestling
doesn't have much to say about that so I
just skipped it well I'll drop one more
wrestling oh my god if anybody out there
on the stream has not watched the final
deletion the final deletion you want to
see that shit it's amazing basically
it's the long boiling terminate terminus
of a rivalry between brothers it's shot
basically like a really bad short film
and it's wonderful why didn't you tell
me I was talking to you like that on the
way down to John Carpenter yeah it's
awesome and it's so ridiculous and
unlike anything else that's happening in
wrestling and it's really fun and I
highly recommend it I there's a sequel
now that I haven't had a chance to watch
yet but the original is just like what
it looks like something that could have
been on best of the worst wrestling so
something that could definitely that's
great yeah where can i oh do be sandwich
just want to say to Josh thanks for
sending my copy of space cop mm-hmm
recently had Freddie Williams sign it
too in hindsight I should have probably
asked for Jack's assignments Williams
got Brady Williams how much money send
it in with how much return postage does
return post no I
because I'm because I'm a nice person I
know you are but that was a not nice
thing we were just excluded from the
group is nothing like they just weren't
thinking about it yeah the signature is
terrible anyway literally just prints
the prints
I'm Jack yeah oh you could you could do
that it's a great signature I've ever
read one time Jack wasn't around I
forged to say so someone out there you
have yeah you have a signature like Jack
that is really a secret
second signature Evans thing where
George Harrison could accurately do all
the other Beatles signatures fucking I'm
printing I'm Jack have you signed
something I really thought it was a joke
early anima days the best of the worst
and it was like a copy of feeding frenzy
or something something I used to like
when people would ask me this like asked
us to sign CDs which my only thought was
somebody would be looking at it like a
decade later me like who the fuck would
wrote all over this thing
no like I couldn't yeah yeah I like I'd
have to like I'd sign it but like stay
in school have a good supper like I
can't fucking really a lot of people
wanted to be fun you want it to be fun
I'm just hoping you didn't like sign
like the you know the mortgage for your
house like that or anything no it works
really power returning you literally
might sell this house to a child I don't
know how to write in cursive anymore
I know nobody named so my signature is
JP squiggle yeah that's it sometimes I
don't even get the piano I don't even
have a yeah mine's JB squiggle yeah yeah
that's all I do I don't even get the
Jay really I crossed the age maybe I'll
dot the eye if you're lucky
gobbledygook yeah I print a nice
I I Hansel they know who's you other
less is rich other than Jack or just
half asses it and princes name is a
unique the most legible signature out of
everyone
yeah even look at the name all the names
and just like a bunch of fucking
squiggles but rich Evans yeah that is
signed by rich Evan all right okay I
know you two and I have no idea if that
was your signature never Mike's a chair
Mike who do I tell to sign this
I don't know somebody scribbled all over
at the end is destroyer I don't know
what shirt it was that I wore in the
most recent free wreck Oh Mike and Jalad
that shirt is brilliant I have the
comments on the video we're about to
show the Damned are mocking Joe yes
that's a great shirt it's on Etsy and
just go to Etsy and look up Darmok and
Jalad
it's a it's a Star Trek The Next
Generation episode I guess that part of
it but what does that actually mean in
context so that was the part that was
the point of the episode but nobody can
decipher their language alien they met
an alien race and their Universal
translators didn't work on their
language right because as it turns out
this is an alien race that speaks only
in metaphor sure
hmm and it took the whole episode for
Captain Picard to figure out that so he
could work together with the sailing
because he was stuck with this alien on
the planet hmm I'm saying like Darmok
and Jalad at Tanagra when the walls
filled with arms wide open or whatever
and Rikers up in the ship about to like
battle this other alien race that they
can't communicate with because both of
their captains are down on the planet
it's a great episode okay
and so I have a shirt that's Captain
Picard playing the guitar and it's
written like a like a fantasy that are
back in July to not grow yeah and I
think it's really funny you go to Etsy
but it was just it was just some near
gibberish that an alien okay so here's
my question then my follow-up question
is when people make references to that
what are they saying
Darmok and Jalad is on the alien planet
is when two warring factions came came
together to work to get
so what are they saying so that we want
to be friends what he was saying was
Darmok and Jalad at Tanagra we should
work together to get out of the
situation Oh which of course you'd only
understand if you like you didn't
understand their ancient story so you
didn't understand the reference all
right okay so that's when people mean
that shit that's what they do I learned
probably just referencing the episode
because it was a fun episode right but
it's happening it happened like one week
it was everywhere don't work Angela yeah
like you girl show me who's worked you
know yeah that's how it works
so yeah go to Etsy that's where I got it
I only ordered they they come in just
the front which is Picard playing a
guitar and it looks like a band bill or
it has a front end back and the back has
all the tour dates with the star dates I
only ordered a front one which is three
dollars cheaper but I guess it should
have had it should have had other cities
they were playing in there were other
worms that they were saying in that
episode yeah Josh yeah I noticed your
asuka shirt yeah the worst what Oscar
that's the lady with the butt attack oh
yeah well great sugars in her but that
shirt is fantastic some of the better
things that WV merch has actually come
up with a lot of times when they're
faced with Japanese person or any kind
of Asian wrestler yeah they just look up
some characters and put them on the
shirt and just like move it like maybe a
Rising Sun that shirt basically looks
like it could be an abstract Godzilla
poster alright and that's why I fucking
love that shirt that's why I bought it
great is that the question oh thanks
Lauren speaking of wrestling talk about
sin Suki not cool oh she's kanaka maole
shouldn't scare Nakamura who is
currently the NXT heavyweight champion
he's so fucking good he's such a charmer
he's basically like she's fantastic he's
got a lot of them we've been playing a
game non-stop
we're winning honestly like he's the
wrestling equivalent of Michael Jackson
plush Freddie Mercury mm-hmm
like that's kind of his style that's
great it's fucking great hmm
he's he's fantastic and there's a really
charming guy and really like surfing oh
he's really excited that he got to move
to Florida yeah okay and you know what
we've caught up it's 10:30
Oh fun why don't we do a thing where we
find all of our subscribers and then
thank all the subscribers because that's
what we usually do Jack we have to what
we you're gonna press the button before
we stop right yeah you got to press the
button before we you'll win we you've
won already I'll press the button okay
we can't but yeah I mean you're right
all right now they know what's gonna
happen what they know what's gonna
happen it's - it's now it's too
predictable
I'm excited if it's too predictable then
you have to press the button before you
stop well or you could touch something
else cuz obviously the joke would be
over precedent and I mean close
afterwards for you press it so now you
have to press it before you stop the
stream yeah sure I want to know I don't
care about anything else I want to know
hold on i dice kipped a couple tips
because we either couldn't answer the
question or other reasons so the
question is once we get done reading the
names are we actually going to hit the
button or are we gonna say we're going
to hit the button and then end the
stream holy fuck
he shot can't heal are you shocked
tonight at all these subscribers Oh -
thanks two things one way we have Josh -
yeah second we have the new lob oh my
god all of these twitch primes the prime
thing
oh how does that work cuz something it's
connected to Amazon Prime
so if you have Amazon Prime yeah now it
cuz Amazon bought which you get free
twitch Prime which entitles you to one a
free subscription Amaya
thank you much and so these love all
these lovely people subscribed to us
that's been to us as they're free
subscribe so it doesn't cost that many
extra money okay but you know it helps
us out yeah that's lovely
that's lovely um the camera is right
where the names are sure yeah yep how's
that that's great how about is is this
even a is this one subscriber as I'm so
sorry about this and then there's some
dashes number two subscribers - - - - -
no it doesn't say like monster just
subscribe it's got a weird message how
about super I know that's not the name
of that person at all space alien super
cocaine says lmao Fork my spork ice bone
badger 26 fucking months in a row Oh hot
sauce Johnson Maddie wheel they don't
want to race not really break code and I
was gonna say animal list prime but it's
animist prime who's subscribed with
twitch pride be a lot of that Oh does it
oh it tells you that okay true new 311
true no 311
the raging gas man
me no all right fine I'll say this one
okay too much new key that's never too
much new not possible not possible
Fred's do folks oh I said they're on one
that's okay that's why you said the
right one sorry
Samba rinse key orange wedgie or wedge
probably he's not wedging it is orange
wedge god damn it
all right so we're going to me this is
the order because this is so weird okay
the Trog man C Smith five five nine nine
dr. Vitt fell spin Palin nine nine nine
nine now the Josh 14:30 sean-o
double d RB infinity are Oboro murmurs
I'm sorry what infinity or Oh Boris that
makes way more sense
Hey Rhapsody carb mark fat jump Mario
fan the noble Eskimo self flapless
fourth grade sounds risky
elf arse 94 morning bus nerf man oh four
five one neon bit uh xx falling Jedi xx
like a fucking hardcore yeah
I'm balling but I don't like emotions
we're getting excited about things a
slinky but dad oh that's unfortunate he
should see a doctor
hell it took Jesus that makes sense at
some phone Hido
paper or non 1/7 ghost host 999 skylight
ways but one czar 42 future but a with
reverse reverse reverse reverse it go
get your protagonist dar she know I'm
track team Aharon the stunt lady what a
black art lady a black mark I don't -
when people could leave a little
comments oh they're just not doing maybe
maybe I'm nervous oh I guess these are
all Twitter's a lot of what rhymes great
Sandman Jack taco - I like taco fucks be
weak see Emma see open Emma see prove
didn't offense oh wait let you guys are
getting the tough ones the toxic hiber
space mr. Alex Reynolds cutter cater
eighty-six taste rim tiger GD j down 79
celery seven Arryn lord o king easy 15
Barbarossa five a three
oh it looks like alright
oh no what
zero future famous person reg 5 8 9 1
Denzel Washington
Richland City general Gore there's an
old fucking reference general Gore the
fancy bring giant robot 0 Sal wait Oh
fellow eight 8 nine 9 reflections Baron
badass one that's good to know which one
he is he's the first cinnamon Jesus nice
l-3 wh
nope l-3 wh cheese camera design shady
burrito Santos
sky lout bow God a mighty math guy furs
Yasu these are all their real names
that's words you are unrequited Wow
sorry sometimes you make words with
letters that was that was actual words
unrequited cipher Zeta ghost of a
unicorn with a cane so to see the
unicorn dr. Krieger
or is it Dre Krieger that could be Dre
Krieger or dr. Krieger there are many
options a double x Devastator the fame
the dude father caldera crusade gavel
draw the gavel trouble robots Autobots
assemble we have to defeat gavel rod who
transforms into a judges gavel your
this is the Autobots to Jack Energon q
Jordan you're in contempt of my fist all
Autobots are out of order
Kurt wr1 as I mean yep
Genghis bTW did you factor man oh
dispatch man oda space yeah well royboy
osteopath it's not Philly boy right you
know what that's a reference no that's
mean pixel punter Jimmy meant awesome
Revere Steve ko2 mr. mr. blank Oh bus
not much wrong bed for this one sweet
cup and cake Green Isis a tragical
Martin who was Dominus magadi Wow Oh
Kryten okay
just quite Kryten he's probably kritch
time there you go Christian - okay
Jaka it's the first game PJ what is that
stiffer 's PJ's dippers one oh there's a
good one
Genghis Borgnine for how long 23 months
holy shitballs
holy shitballs Jon ref sir reps fear
John rupture sure that's it
John rupture Rastas Oh bother 17 months
Kay's 8722 fucking months in a row
almost two years and none of that twitch
prime bullshit and a bullshit to us case
thank you leftover beef tag 23 fucking
months in a row thank you beefcake
boldly they rode monarch 78 look Billy
Billy Bob Billy by Megan 64 Billy Bo
bagging that's a reference to something
yeah what is that
it's I want to say it's I want to say
it's like Bilbo Baggins yeah Billy Bo
beggin sounds familiar and I don't I
know Bilbo Baggins
no I something unrelated to Lord of the
Rings Bob Thornton you know really Bo
Baggins is something I remember from
like high school and I don't know why
okay all right well trust I'll get back
to you on this all right I probably
never will mr. Bronski and simple and
such an all pathetic mmm Olaf
Euler's number beer coaster six Luka
Burroughs Ayres lugubrious six
lugubrious and a tough one all right
game trial UK two months only two months
because two months ago I decided to not
be a cheap bastard love you guys thanks
for being awesome and interacting with
the fans here's so much is one of my
favorite names the spooky Dookie 21
fucking months in a what row says wobbly
wobbly oubli wobbly wobbly psycho soju
beer Meister twenty eighty nine twelve
months this past year went by so fast
it's like one big cutscene okay keep up
the good work the real van for 48 gosh
darn weeks in a row
one small ball one small ball says my
butt is thirsty for pleasure was the
best for you yeah evil kumquats
xeno trope twenty six fucking months in
a row says no sunday stream
understandable but no pictures of
biscuit inexcusable he fronts there was
for every time we don't stream as
penance to the internet I post a picture
of my lovely cat on our Twitter and when
I announced we were not streaming on
Sunday I did post a picture of biscuit
so I'm sorry I know trope you're wrong
when the cat is dead you gonna post
pictures of its corpse I'll have to take
a lot of its course ya know build about
mal yeah yeah you did post a picture huh
I don't think he did we're out here when
I'm you might have to post to make up
for it I don't think you didn't hold on
we're gonna find out so you're at 140
okay well three days ago yeah okay there
was one lane in the chair right biscuit
laying in a chair being adorable like
biscuit do boom so hey Jack I forgot to
tell you yeah we played in Madison two
weeks ago okay the bad that had been at
that bar previously before that the name
of that man yeah I of course I thought
of you there's been you're bitten like
Tom oh sure okay top s hurt typing
typing typing is hard
that's a ranger xt4 boy Marvel oh my god
LaVon LaVon is black vodka I can't I
haven't heard about
like a decade yeah it turns your tongue
all green yeah
legend Longhorn arcticus Rex
Zack is whack more born wob that's a
great man one more blob that's good grab
those 1313 stray cats 72
Alice wait Alex slow OLX slow pull up
land of the gyms all right doctor say us
baby I'm worth it all right
fat prowler two months fat Prowler says
perhaps unsurprisingly effect just one
though yeah
single follower word when did fat become
slang I feel like it's in the last few
years that that's become a thing I want
to say first with you mark really yeah
it was that far back I can't
maybe I'm just not with it maybe by
centrist booty smack crack whoa booty
smack er crap there we go there yes
major rack it's not even a crack crack
uh uh that's mr. smacker rack to you
yeah
dang you don't wanna be booty Det
that's what says like a dare bear 69s a
gritty rotoscope ik oh no tortured
biscuit what are they doing to your kid
Oh Corey barks us Marcus Cory Fargo's
yonder yonder but he solo 56 under super
7 says I have nothing to say
Timothy Yeager dildo Calrissian
2:46
I am dorsal 0 0 then 0 0 0
yeah of the car T Meister mad glenn auto
full well you got it
audio flagyl or no clothes no agile 800
no flagellate er auto fled you later
solace chicken Mick buttocks darts
diva-ness
bruiser ik Draco's TFM I love you sorry
we haven't had a message in a while Joe
drink those TFM says love you guys all
sorts of home oh oh so hello fabulous
far over room perfect yeah
DPS 84 oh my god this just keeps going
yes there's a lot of them red comet
rising because movie they say well my
number that a ver Surrey and a visit
from Josh what a great way to kick off a
hurricane impact look you gotta love
that juicy shit you gotta love it
junk had 1979 dobot exe vice versa man
merchant of cabbage vlog is stopped
fungus time 8x8 angus slugs done eight
times mud run 15 months in a row mud run
wants to know if we've ever farted so
hard you cracked your back
nope no but I want sneeze so hard I hurt
my arm don't ask question no just let
that sit for yeah that's fine Abuk oh no
priests over 818
oh all right Night Elf boom boom Wow
someone's easy I know
babes that elf big oh I just want to see
my not F boobs shower shudders Lucas
Ducas Oh months in a row best year of my
life
the real net boy help the mods have me
trapped message deleted mister Oh God
just keep going huggy snuggle 15 months
lol WTF lmao be wicked KFC nice that's
me
rogue echo 35 I am the nerd master a
gruff mick military man let's thanks for
all the great streams especially this
one with so many of the Bo TW crowd well
this was like best of the worst live but
without watching movies or talking about
movies God nerds
back dr. Slagle tynin oh in Ferris
watching you play V : TM a vampire the
masquerade alright was like recommending
a favor right oh you must be English TV
show to a friend only for them to start
making fun of it in the opening credits
sad and frustrating you're welcome hope
you had fun here's to another month
there's more like recommending a drama
you like to a friend who doesn't like
dramas and then getting mad when they
don't like dramas that was the bed with
vampire the masquerade urban vermin has
something very important that I think I
need to say out loud which is I agree
with Jack about Luke Cage great
soundtrack Waterboro wad-cutters 71
Angela 0:04 oh the hubris of epithelium
up eats pizza tray
twenty fucking months it'll only battle
machine three to two ah midnight sandy
with 12 months stew 91 17 months
reckless twenty four fucking months in a
row ah dick neutral not pro not con dick
neutral he's very plays he plays deeply
that's an old ya dick neutral is an old
strange thing
remember that time I time we lost nope
remember that one time we lost no we
almost Wow sentence Jack I think you
need to tear both eyes out honestly
that's what it feels terrible if I
thought says I love Jay's nasal David
Lynch impression please be him for the
Halloween special dresses get real
fantastic
NAB dosa thing real thing green knave
think oh god no yeah alright then I
fucking revolve in Greenville Shh oh no
thinner green valleys yeah because the
green is part of a separate it's not
thing I'm lookin and I want to say thing
you want to say thing thing Greenville
yeah doesn't make any sense
the dude 1944 21 fucking months in a row
love you guys not up on my meme so
insert your own only child the bolt says
the Milwaukee County Zoo is trending
right now because three siberian tigers
were just born there you guys are gonna
visit them at stream the adorableness
somebody apparently somebody should
throw a two-year-old in their pen trying
to shoot them that's that is then we'll
have memes for months that means no just
about to die yeah the kids are gonna get
shot yeah there's a berry Tigers every
fucking there is
I don't know about that I didn't know
about that no apparently a muscle just
happened to hear me keep up with Zoo
info I'm looking for pictures tomorrow
but beside it I like the Milwaukee zoo
that's fine if I can see those fucking
animals big deal kilo 40 Beau's uka
jerkwad live wants us to know I shaved
my balls for this
well good they'll be extras good log
hugger Pro bleeped and finally last but
not least a dreary and zero said that's
so unexcited lee for the last one I was
excited it's the last one
dreary yeah I thank you thanks for
subscribing we really appreciate you
there's Denny who's the question yeah
jag you're gonna you're gonna do it
click on the screen yeah are you going
to click the button or are you going to
end the stream through maturely oh I
would love to know what about that
restart switch there you've talked so
much about clicking the button that I
think people think we're gonna end the
stream early yeah so I think I should
click the button ok it's so suspense you
try I think you're trying to make up for
the fact that they expected you're
trying to rebuild the expectation that
you're actually going to hit the button
you can't hit the button it's not oh my
god for fucking real wait wait wait no
I'm trying to click the button yeah you
try it really did I really try some like
a thing where you hold Ollie can't touch
anything
I tried there's like the ropes oh you
want it yeah they make the game bigger
now
perfect yeah alright okay okay
yes it's now is not working try
something else
the game froze because we were what
happens if you hit the restart
