Bloob Blorne (part 1)
January 6, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HjdPo-RunKA

wait wait wait wait wait wait did you
have to shut down OBS I shut down OBS I
shut it down - did you shut it down -
did I shut it down shut it down shut it
down this is no signal shit but it's
that's saying and use by another
watching McCallum uncheck and check it
again one moment please
yeah one moment please one moment please
one moment please Oh boning it up
there's a book that I love called the
ear the eye in the arm by Nancy farmer
it's a children's book I mean it's it's
like a young adult book which one the
ear the eye and the arm never heard of
it it's about it's about it's it's set
in the future of Africa and it's about a
detective agency that were like freaks
of nature they grew up in like a nuclear
waste zone and so they have special
gifts and it's about like young kids who
go on an adventure it's great sounds
good it's a book I always read that
helps me get back into reading books if
I might worry if I ever go through a dry
spell and it's like a kids book or it's
like a young adults book
I'll be back live again yeah we're back
alive again you know what else I really
loved is do you ever read any of Gregory
Maguire's books the guy who wrote wicked
no no he wrote one called
egg and spoon which egg like it like the
egg that you eat hmm over my musical get
eggs later yeah and the mean the two
main characters are a couple of girls in
Russia and it's got kind of a funny
Russian sense of you ever do it okay and
they look a lot alike but one of them is
a peasant girl and one of them is a rich
girl and she's on a train and she's on
her way to go get a potential
and okay and they they accidentally
switch identities and so the one girls
trying to get back to the train so she
can go and marry who is she supposed to
marry and she ends up meeting up with
Baba Yaga and so what is Baba Yaga Baba
Yaga is like the Russian Witch of the
North it's like this character I mean
there are also other uses of the word
Baba Yaga but in this case
baba Yaga is is an old Russian witch
woman thing please correct me if I'm a
little bit off but and she lives in a
house on chicken feet and she has her
she has the houses giant chicken yeah
and she eats children and she has these
crazy skulls with light-up eyes on
sticks you know as like a fence or a
palisade around her house
and there's a whole story called Bellus
illa the beautiful and Baba Yaga but
that's not what this is about so you've
got Baba Yaga and she's this funny silly
magical snarky witch figure and she
lives in a house on chicken feet and
then this girl who's a would-be princess
kind of character she's with Baba Yaga
and they're running around through
through Siberia on this house with
chicken feet the said that has sentience
trying to catch up with his train which
is carrying this peasant girl who's
trying to impersonate the girl who's
trying to be a princess because she's
always going to find out hello I'm the
wrong girl don't kill me well so it's
it's just a fun little adventure and
then when they meet up with the you know
with the where the Train finally gets
square it's supposed to be going there's
you know matryoshka dolls and wooden
soldiers come to life and just all kinds
of crazy magic and Baba Yaga is this is
egg and egg and spoon it sounds great I
think the audience is probably supposed
to be middle school I figure I read
enough adult books when I was a kid if I
want to read kids books now in the mix I
will do so so some some nice some young
nice young adult fiction is okay
everyone's know for sure and this I'm
gonna guess it's probably middle school
the intended audience but but it's a
great book and it's a great book for
kids too I mean I can't really imagine
anyone being capable of processing it
and enjoying it and it not being you
know there's no sex in it there's no
great deal of violence it's it's
appropriate for pretty much anybody and
it's a great story the other one I read
not too long ago which is pretty cool
that did I ever mention the night
Gardner rich no the night Gardner is by
his name is the oxy or ocean O'Shea or
something
aux ier is this last name I can't think
of his first name he's got an another
he's got a couple books once called
Peter nimble and the fantastic eyes and
Peter nimble is a blind boy who meets up
with this magical fellow who gives him
three sets of eyes and each set of eyes
does something different but he's not
supposed to try him until he needs them
but this is I believe the second book
that the third book is also about Peter
nimble I think it's not out yet and it's
about this tree and it you you put
forget what you you open it up and on
the in its Hollow and at the end it's
kind of grown into this house but you
open it up and whatever you want most is
in this tree but it kind of gives it to
you in installments so it keeps you
coming and meanwhile it's just kind of
draining your lifeforce
that's about heroin addiction yeah yeah
but it's giving you whatever you
whatever you want whatever you most want
in a bit and yeah it's maybe it's
supposed to be a better for for for junk
but it's also a children's book let it
be a metaphor for junk she's more
well-read than I am
that's for shit sure I go through spurts
sometimes I read more sometimes I read
and I spend more time the internet or
watching stuff does anybody else been
Cat in the Hat
oh yes classic cat in the head I'd like
to hear what kind of stuff people can
spin about what that's a metaphor for or
something the giving tree' takes your
life maybe
who's playing jackets playing I playing
sirens you want to play I'm playing I'm
a through this is so I think last time I
played I was playing that a weird I was
in I was in like the the library right
and I did find the shield which is
useless
yeah the library and right after that
you fight bobble-headed aliens which is
great which you're getting like a little
boss fight and then right after that
boss fight there is immediately another
boss fight nice
are these waffles laughs lers that's a
monster
here we go off Fellini along bit leaves
so green like I don't know a lot more
specifically like Christmas carolers
what you've heard the song right no no I
can't sing very well but the Wonder has
lyrics you know a waffling along
distribution here we go waffling so fair
to be seen love and joy come to you and
Merry Christmas dude what is making you
think of Christmas caroler because
because there was that The Gaslight
there that was surrounded by three
scallop for skeletons and top hats who
looked like they were singing they look
like a group of Christmas carolers what
they were back there somewhere you're a
crazy person
we've already established out you're a
crazy person well yeah because of your
feelings on Mad Max and The Goonies bun
you might be more of a crazy person so
rich agrees with me about The Goonies
yeah but not about hate the goons
I don't hate man Matt's I just still big
deal not wash Ling W a s s W a s s AI Li
ng I think they wast sailing almost you
know they're they're all brats those
Goonies area wasa lers
Patsey somebody even put in foot a
dictionary or a wiki thing for for
Wassily say I learned about waffling
watching the California Raisins
Christmas special where they talked
about what wah sling is all right
California Raisins it was actually
really good it had some raisins in it
but mostly it was it was I'm not gonna
lie to California Christmas raisin
special had some raisins in it that's is
to be expected okay but also had wasa
lers lers it had it was a ver it was
like almost like liquid television you
know it was a bunch of short animated
and you know cartoon and claymation
short videos based on classic Christmas
songs yeah and and it was really nicely
done I don't know why it doesn't get
shown more yeah it had these two
dinosaurs they were kind of the hosts no
I'm not racist toward raisins and in
fact race is coming a number of colors
yellow raisins are you racist or just
ageist yes they're all wrinkled right
out just ages I presume they wet
themselves right
raisin yeah sure we don't know what old
people know Karen yes you can sir first
of all raisins are gross let's just all
agree that raisins are gross cuz they
are I'm gonna be honest with you I've
never had a raisin
because they look rough yeah and I don't
like grapes raisins raisins are alright
but chocolate-covered raisins with dark
chocolate are better
we'll see also the yogurt ones raisins
with shit out of his gray or like
raisins maybe in a cookie that's fine
but raisins by themselves
bullshit reasons are alright they're not
as good as dried cranberries or prune
older days especially dates dates are
good dates and things fuck did you come
you got messed up by a need a sponsor I
didn't know why I didn't see him look oh
he's got like a big fish hook and he's a
fish guy I'm and a fishing feather just
great this game is fucking great all the
time god I'm gonna drink my tiny Miller
Lite rich isn't allergic to everything
he's just allergic to everything that's
healthy fish nuts I never said I was
allergic to raisins this said I've never
had one they look looked at I've never
eaten a raisin bird they're just kind of
sweet and chewy not a gross there's
different weathering yeah but the day's
better I think I never really eaten bugs
raisins are dumb they were a grape at
some point right yes Nick grapes I don't
like that grape flavor
you hate yeah you ain't great what's
time which kind of grape but kind of
like purple drinks no well those are
those are that's like a fake version of
concord grapes which isn't exactly the
totality totality of grapes i mean
there's there's white grapes and red
grapes and black grapes concord grapes
are the wrong thing you never tried a
green grape actually heaven oh I
definitely know my grapes they still
work in a produce department at a
grocery store you've never had a green
grape rich never like what I thought was
the grape flavor apparently I'm wrong
you may or may not like them but I
promise you that a Thompson seedless or
a pearl adder you know other green grape
variety tastes nothing like concord
grape juice inspired beverages or
candies nothing you say I just think
it's weird that as an adult you've never
had like a green grape check chant of
course I'm weird white what do you think
you're here to Shea do remember the time
that I had a salad and you were like you
said you'd never had a cucumber and so I
was like giving you pieces of things out
of my salad saying here try this
and you're like that tastes like water
and I'm like
yeah but it's kind of the texture yeah I
remember those ages ago
oh yeah but I mean you were probably old
enough to vote and you never have a
cucumber old enough to vote like that
cucumbers I don't nobody eats them by
themselves but actually they're really
good with uh I think it's called Tajin
which is like this powder and it's
powder yeah it's powdered it's salt and
chili and lime but it's powdered and
it's not super spicy it's really you
come burn your water
I've heard people do it but I've never
done this just gives you water a little
bit of flavor it's nice yeah it's nice
I've done it with limes but the cucumber
yet cucumber in there is nice yeah
gives you a little flavor not a bad idea
yeah cousin had pickles not overly fond
of them don't like the texture pickles
yeah dick cucumbers are gonna stall town
cucumbers are a great diet food cuz I
mean you know you could like eat them
til you explode and you wouldn't get fed
they're like water and cellulose they
probably have a little bit of sugar in
them somewhere but not enough to write
all about yeah Tajin ism is a brand name
Mexican spice that's just chili pepper
you know page it up
capsaicin you know red chili and lime
and salt cayenne kee auntie
yeah I like pickles especially like you
know like nice Spears or the great big
ones you get it like the Renaissance
Fair they're like the size of your
forearm
what sculpting's yeah rich is the kid
who eats like 18 things he likes
potatoes he likes bread he likes meat
cheese he doesn't really have a sweet
tooth though no that's okay I've got
that I hate sweets just running away
from skulls given the option between
chocolate or cheese I would prefer
cheese 99% of the time oh no chocolate
for sure John you want this ice cream
sundae or do you want this plate of
cheese fries I'll go with the cheese
fries ice cream sundae never
especially if you've got one that has
like strawberry and chocolate and
vanilla together with like a man I'm
thinking like a fucking run or like
caramel or not some of that strawberry
sauce so yeah what kind of cheese rich
what circumstances on cheese fries just
just that just disgusting yellow stuff
that comes in the half gallon can not
nacho cheese though
oh god this is gross yeah this is gross
doc there's a wasp lers where oh yeah I
give him my I gave him a well hatton you
look creepy wha slurs while it around
you can choose what those guys well oh
yeah they totally look like they're
Christmas caroling okay I get it
yeah we're talking doing the thing and
then the talk this guy's going on - all
right a regular sandwich like Munster
Munsters a great cheese you like like
Havarti you like deals later cheese or
like like um cheese with like berry
flavor very briefly like cranberry
there's that cheese with cranberry oh
yeah wine flavored you can get cheese
flavored with all kinds of different
things and almost oh that's good
not a big cheese person not a big cheese
person now those are you know cheeses
more that you eat by themselves
sure American is good but you can't buy
that Kraft process crap you actually
have to go out of your way to find good
actual American clothes isn't really
cheese I'm you know I think they call it
cheese product oil winning flavor oh
it's not it doesn't have any
fermentation going it's a cheese product
yeah it's a cheese flavored product yeah
i mean i think i think they call it like
cheese product or something instead of
instead of having it gonna go over like
normal fermentation they add acid to it
to curdle you know not acid but you know
an acidic yeah you know fruit juice kind
of a thing on a salad some blue cheese
what about what about fad are you like
feta on a gyro I wouldn't like put like
fed on like a club sandwich or something
I don't like gyro meat I do like lamb
but not your roommate yeah I mean you're
a meat is like is like the baloney of
lamb and I like goat I don't know why
goat and lamb are more popular in this
country
goat goat I don't know if I've ever
eaten goat meat and I've eaten a lot of
meats okay
it's got a different all we've heard
goat cheese sure oh it tastes goat goat
cheese tastes like goat meat I mean
there's that that Godinez is the same
okay
I'm with you running away running away
running away from the skulls I think you
just need to charge and get close to
that one yeah I'm trying to get I want
to get close enough to your goat often
is too bony that is annoying but you
know goats not the only thing that's you
know there's some really good fish that
are really bony to if they're not cut
just so I want to get close enough to
the lady to shoot her with my bones yeah
gogoat the main the main drawback is
definitely bone actually you know what I
think I'm gonna do here my plan is this
I'm gonna run up there get that big guy
to come out yeah I know lamb is bring
him out here I just it's hard to
understand why it's not but you're
getting shot at that whole time a lot of
places but she's got region great sure
this run away now or sheep I don't think
running away is working for him well
there you go
how did i lure that big guy yeah I did
here we go all right grant where do he's
neat I love his face mouth look at that
thing Karen oh my god isn't it great
it's just somebody spray-painted him
silver they know monsters these guys
fuck you
I want you to run past like this big
grappling hook you looking thing oh my
god oh my god
rich have you ever eaten protein poutine
booty it's great
I have never it works it actually works
I've heard you know I know it's like
Canada's national dish just about yeah
we're gonna get poutine around here
didn't you have anyway we went to
vanguard is that like the best poutine
you can get I think the only poutine you
can get here around here really yeah
this place alright did you have any yeah
yeah he's good that's like that's where
yeah I'm wondering if I should take her
to get protein yeah go to Vanguard
what's Vanguard it's like a fast food
joint it's a SAS address true it's a
it's a restaurant that specializes in
sausage it was comically loud though
you'd hate eating there it's it's a
little we we went on a weird night it's
I guess you know what every night could
be weird I we're just gonna try I do
want to fight that big fish mark sausage
place that specializes it's oh and you
know what there's sausage there all of
their sausages are amazing I haven't met
that many sausages I didn't like not
that I've tried any of the really
strange ones like you're booking it I
was trying to book it oh there he is
he's over on that side I was attempting
to book it but now I need to fight my
way through this yeah okay I know they
want me just to run pass but it's like
this is my first time fighting these
guys I want to fight them yeah ethnic
foods all over temperate climates
revolve around fermentation one sort or
another it's a great means of
preservation I've never had a filthy
fish or any lutefisk or any of that
stuff but I can see what you're making
words I've never had gorfeins Mick but
you know one time I did try fly actor
Kirk and I never had kimchi there's a
lot of things that are like on my food
bucket list
yeah the sausage restaurant has some
really amazing stuff also right next
door to the sausage restaurant is a
pretty good place thought if you've ever
wanted to have fun
you're gonna need to explain the door
and I don't remember so I can't do it
have you ever had a ramen yes Farah man
it's the Vietnamese version of ramen and
so it's like it's like noodles and meat
in a big bra I thought you just for some
reason we're reluctant to say fuck
no no it's called pho okay um we have a
good place I have never tried fuck it's
it's good it's it's rice noodles instead
of egg noodles and so it's very it's
very filling it's and you know like
especially now that it like the weather
is getting a little colder it's it's
really great on a cold day it's like a
big bowl of pork soup buckwheat noodles
buckwheat noodles no they're pretty good
you usually find him in like
supermarkets and stuff
Karin's bucket list is just gross food
because that's all she hasn't had yet
yeah she's an adventurous eater yeah
generally speaking if somebody says here
try affect my friends father he used to
his parents were from the old country
and he used to give stuff to us and he'd
be like here try this what is it just
try it okay that's the best way to do it
yeah as far as I'm concerned yeah I you
know as long as it doesn't involve like
bodily wastes or dogs I admit you know
in some parts of the world that's normal
but I couldn't do it it's me getting
expert bugs I don't I buzzed it maybe it
depends on how they're if they're ground
up if they're grown up like I was going
to try and flour but I don't know that
I'd want to just chomp down on a cicada
if you if you eat lobster you should not
poopoo eating bugs right Lobster is the
bug of the sea shower or shrimp I had
some shrimp by yesterday actually we
went to El Fuente de know Fuente elf one
day it's well wait wait let's see Fuente
yeah yeah swagger we're gonna find
Mexican they have their there breaded
coconut syrup is so good it's like
shrimp bread and coconut and deep fried
and then they give you the sauce which i
think is probably coconut milk and
pineapple Oh
yeah there Christine cover or not bugs
but they have chitin as exoskeletons
which is usually the main turnoff for
bogs although I'll admit people are a
little squeamish about maggots to which
like them what
well no I'm saying the reason why most
people don't want to eat bugs I think a
lot of it is the chitin is exoskeleton
the crunchy crunchy which is also
something that that crustaceans sure
sure and then I was saying of course
people often don't want to eat meal
worms which are larvae and they don't
really have the hard tightness
exoskeleton charger oh I've had escargot
at least like what it's marinated in its
it's like it tastes like a hard chewy
kind of chewy firm mushroom because I
had it in butter and garlic yeah I've
had escargot I don't know it's
necessarily worth the price for me to
get it again it was I just as soon have
like sauteed mushrooms with the same
taste and a softer consistency but it
wasn't bad I know we're on food
conversation but somebody asked the chat
earlier and I want to answer it said
jacket Richard yeah yeah
I'm mostly a PC guy but I'm dying to try
blood-borne is there is there any other
game on the PlayStation 4 there are you
there are any games the PlayStation 4 to
make it worth it other than blood-borne
my answer is no there really aren't just
blood-borne not there but you can't get
well the PC yeah that you can't also get
on the PC the answer's no but the ps4
has a lot of games that are also on PC
that you can buy for the ps4 that I
think helped even the scales but if you
already have the PC that can play the
games there's no mean this guy's already
a PC gamer so I have my answer is no
you're right and I'm agreeing with you
but I'm just saying like if if you're
looking to play blood-borne and you're
also willing to buy some games that you
would normally buy on the PC on the ps4
is good then it's I still think if you
could have played them on the PC that
doesn't justify it if you could have
played them and you have PC that
could've run it it's tough it's a tough
call
I agree it's a tough call blood-borne is
so fucking good blood-borne is just so
fucking good
eventually what was a Dark Souls came to
PC eventually right oh yeah so you know
there's always the possibility of it
coming to PC later
oh you're in water did you get past that
spark smile I wasn't looking no no this
is where I start okay usually I just
kind of walk right past that ah
all right so food what food i derailed
the conversation for that question
i think we've already talked about most
everything there is if you're done why
did somebody bring one up but yeah
generally I'm willing to try most things
hmm not like raw eyeballs I mean I do
have my I do have and I've never tried
liver but I'd be willing to I've had
gizzards and hearts hearts are chewy
gizzards are kind of gritty almost I've
never had liver but I've had gizzards
yeah I like that
I think liver they're usually talking
about like cow or sheep or something
liver gizzards it's you know mammals
don't have those right and the hard
start was chicken hard I don't I just I
just like the flow of that sentence yeah
I've never had lizard about once I've
eaten gizzards okay you could tempt me
or two with a plaintiff Zamir is
divisive I know people there are people
who love liver and people to debate
liver uh-huh
you know what I love liverwurst it's
it's that like it's like a it's like
well it's it's like a sausage it's like
in a sausage casing but it's like
spreadable so it's like it's like a
sausage like liver cells liver cells
verse does the German works awesome yeah
okay where's just like spreadable liver
paste yeah and it's so fucking good
essentially use that as dog food exactly
no it looks like dog food and it like it
it has the most horrible texture of
anything you would ever eat but it
tastes know that I never
my dog loves it my mother uses it my
mother used to put his pills in and he's
you know we have no trouble at all
getting him to take his pills
oh sure it's there if you don't assemble
the pills into the into the liver Sasha
fast enough you could see the drool
coming out of his mouth but at the floor
uh-huh it's like hurry up and give it to
him so he doesn't get the floor all what
what it's it's my dog's favorite thing
in the world lab lab huh
fuck oh my god liver leaves an odd oily
grittiness on the tongue I don't know if
I'd like that that's what I don't like
about the oiliness kind of thing is what
I don't like about euros not the taste
it's that oiliness I've never had blood
pudding does blood pudding tastes like
blood I mean does it taste like when you
cut your mouth at metallic kind of a cuz
I mean while I've cut my mouth it wasn't
horrible you know but not necessarily
something I would want to have a it was
disagreeable it's kale good it is if you
roast it and turn it into kale chips I'm
a Brussels sprout a liberal I don't like
kale even when you've roasted and turn
into G I hate like kales fucking useless
it tastes very green it's almost like
eating parsley or something which when I
was a kid I was used to eat the parsley
garnish yeah I kind of like parsley and
those kind of green tastes and I like I
like dandelion greens
what pudding sounds like something a
Klingon whinnying yeah blood is in the
color not the taste no I think blood
pudding is made out of blood where did
he go do you think it's bland oh dollar
huh do you know that for sure
pretty sure tastes like coppery meat I'd
be willing to try it I don't know that I
like Graham Russell roasted Brussels
sprouts with our with like raspberry
vinaigrette or balsamic oh oh my god
yeah or even butter and a little lemon
juice I love Brussels sprouts I don't
understand why people
I hate them so much and broccoli too
although I don't like it too much
straight-up raw it needs to be at least
a little bit steamed or something
yeah Brussels sprouts are great just
olive oil salt and pepper in the oven
cut them in cut them into fourths
strips from olive oil put some salt and
pepper on them until until they start to
get black on the outside they're great
oh yeah Brussels sprouts are poisonous
guys is that something oh it's just
cloud coverage in them okay look like
those except or Nova going on in the
background yeah it's a lot like cabbage
it can have a certain bitterness to it
and I think that's probably what turns a
lot of people off but I drink my coffee
black I don't really mind bitterness
even I'll even drink it with no sugar at
the time coffee yeah yeah yeah like if
you're gonna put your like the we ate
always weirds me out when people put
sugar but no cream in their coffee just
sugar in coffee the weird is that if I
put I like I drink my black all the time
I drink it black nearly all the time but
I will
I'll put sugar in it before I put cream
in it so sometimes I'm willing to do
like sugar and not but most the time I
don't put anything in it hey Jack take
that key to the area directly after the
underground corpse pile then find a
staircase that goes down yeah thinking
about about bitterness is it cauliflower
is good too I think the thing about the
bitterness with coffee and Brussels
sprouts is it sounds like there's a
genetic difference a degree of genetic
variation between humans and for some
people bitterness tastes a lot stronger
it's a lot it's very unpleasant and for
other people it's nuts
not so much other people don't mind
possibly like capsaicin you know hot
peppers but it may just be that some
people just think well it's intense I
mean I think about it like I think rich
when he eats hot peppers he's like I
don't like the sensation at all yeah
whereas I'm like to me it's kind of like
taking a hot bath it's like it's just
fine until it isn't but it's good it's
good it's out it's very strange right
I'm putting it
yeah but I don't mind I don't mind the
sensation of hot food until it actually
gets to be intensely painful sure so it
can be pretty hot and I don't mind so
where am I going but I that is scrolled
a long time ago okay the corpse pile I
think I remembered like an area that was
locked off before okay but generally if
there's like a picture of somebody
screaming on the bottle I'm going to
avoid it okay yeah oh yeah I'm okay with
spicy I have a problem because I shaved
my head there's no hair it's a cat the
sweat and so even if I eat something a
little too spicy it's just dripping
everywhere sweat is dripping everywhere
I never thought about that but yeah I
guess you a lot of your hair does absorb
a lot it exactly so I you know I
generally have a problem eating spicy
stuff that doesn't stop me from eating
spicy stuff it just means that I'm uh
I need more napkins than most say I
don't I don't I don't have you know I
forgot hair so I don't have to worry
about that but I find that the the
bothersome thing is that my nose starts
to rot sure and it's not polite to blow
your nose at the table and it's like
it's also not like to have you know
water snack but you know it's mostly
water
you know your your eyes are watering and
it's draining out through your nose
running down your face hey why is he
here let me follow you why does he
follow me I don't know what no idea if
my taste would change an LSD I've never
tried it
why does he follow me what the hell is
that
I kind of love him I thought I hit him
with my Bandera but I didn't though I
there are a bunch of long doors but the
underground key which you have only
unlocks one very important rule okay I
got a beat this guy apparently but I'm
with you take my gun I got wasabi you
like wasabi you know a little bit of
wasabi is nice I'm a huge fan of sushi
Oh of all forms of sushi need a little
wasabi in the in the soy sauce looks
like a staircase that goes up you in the
right spot yeah I think there's a
there's an area right over here
past this doofus it's obvious like a
totally different kind of spicy it's
like spicy in your sinuses and it's
short-lived it's like if you breathe the
wrong for that area he's not damaged
yeah your range is don't one charge to
tax curry oh I definitely like curry
especially green curry Thai green curry
with the made with coconut milk I pretty
much like everything made with coconuts
made with coconut milk we did that
damage hard yeah I'm so sad oh why did
Japan is like horseradishes with green
food coloring yes he has like a hurt
himself weapon I think he is one of
those hurt himself and it becomes more
powerful weapons all right I think I can
get that weapon and I think it's a good
one I think that's the is that the
church staff is it better I never had
real Japanese wasabi I don't think but I
do like the horseradish one and I like
horseradish your Swedish yours uh have
you had your hairy sorry I have heard of
these here sorry these Karen flaming hot
cheetos bad they're definitely better
than the regular cheetos which I'm not a
big cheeto person I like cheese puffs
the big round ones and I like a lot of
cheeto type things but actual cheeto
brand Cheetos not crazy about the hot
ones are better I need more space to
fight this guy I'm gonna see if he'll
follow me into the corpse pile that's my
that's my strats yep that's my man
strats they had I think it was Doritos
they had a habanero Dorito for a while
okay and it was good but it was just too
salty
it was just overpoweringly salty what's
what's your level right now jack
hi it's very high well you know the
flavors settled um I'm just I'm just
curious how hard this is that's all oh
you know what it's not hard I just
haven't figured out his movements yet
but I'm very leveled I'm 112 so it's
like yeah I think I'm over level
for this isn't sconce and this is
Milwaukee walk he's a rule but no no
we're not we're not like in farm country
or anything
my ideal pizza cheese yeah well it
depends I mean there are two kinds of
pizzas that I like and there are two
different kinds I like like the kind of
pizza that beggars makes which is like a
thin crust pizza with cheese if I'm
eating thin crust pizza I like it with
like cheese and mushrooms pineapples and
onions but but I also really like like
Giordano's like the pizza hi my kago
style you see what a pineapple in any
form it's kind of got a sweet sour
things interestingly against the cheese
last thing I want with pizza is sweet he
disappeared he despawned yeah and then I
really like the deep-dish Chicago style
pizza pie you know with the with the
kind of baked in that she's baked into
the crust and then the you know it's
like a it's like a crust is like a dish
and there's cheese in there and then the
sauce is on top those are good too
oh my god I can't even wait pizza does
that have ham on it I'm not a big fan of
ham on pizza I know a lot of people like
it best way oh oh oh yeah that's
something about parrying though I can
only be I tried hitting him and I cannot
hit him I think I have to parry I think
your chairs tried pineapple on penis
right I hate it right now we're having
to several times conversations and it's
freaking me like olives are good at
beets a green olives - you can crowd a
pizza really easy yeah a few toppings
yeah certainly not certainly not
pineapple certainly not fucking Canadian
goddamn bacon pineapple yes Danny and
bacon no keep it simple one or two
toppings well you know there's something
to be said for that it depends on the
kind of cheese cuz I mean on a cheap
pizza the more ingredients the better if
the cheese isn't top-notch then you know
a green onions like me know well it
depends your fuck then your
fuck to begin with no do something else
no it depends it really depends I've had
pizzas that have a whole bunch of
ingredients ingredients and it's really
good green peppers onions mushrooms
Bobby haven't you had it
banana peppers see banana peppers are to
feel sour to me I don't know
I'm pizza banana peppers even jalapeno
they all end up tasting things taste
kind of vinegary
karen is Rich's curmudgeonly internet
persona all an act and in real life is
he just a huge romantic yes him yes
honestly honestly answer he's he's
gotten a certain old man curmudgeon
leanness to him but yes he's almost
romantic yes ma'am I have a sweetheart
sure you are I wouldn't know how to call
myself a hopeless romantic though no but
you're you're devoted yes yeah well
you're sweet you're generous or thought
all these things are very true
all right going in swinging all right
coming it going and parrying again we
can do this I'm not like that I'm not
like that oh they said every time we
stream alone we're precious and adorable
that was PDA know about that PDA
yes braches definitely overrated get up
good it's not horrible but not a big fan
sardines are too salty I really like
herring tentacle Ken herring and pickled
herring Rollmops where they you have the
herring wrapped around you ever have
Rollmops caring wrapped around slices of
pickle with a with a a toothpick holding
it together no I've never had that I do
like sardines like bristling like you
like you like see like can't fish yeah
yeah anything salty like that like
sardines over avocado is sardines over
avocado on a piece of like toast with
olive oil that sounds fantastic they'll
change your life sardines are so salty
but the avocado would Neutron neutralize
that and then you put a little olive oil
on I'm like I'm like a hard roll like a
like a toasted roll salt pepper
it's amazing Jack you got a slow clap I
got a slow clap it from the chat I did
it I did it took me well it took me a
little bit to understand what was
happening I want to see you about
anything wrapped asparagus I want to see
what what I got from him there's a
there's a sushi place over over by me
and we go there sometimes but it's funny
I never get sushi there I mean the sushi
is good don't get me wrong but they have
salmon salmon wraps with like some kind
of a sweet sauce salmon wrapped around
asparagus I usually get that and you
know these are like 2 hors d'oeuvres and
then they have one that's like tempeh
it's like a jalapeño popper but it's
like with with cream cheese and tempeh
and
oh my god somebody's saying no you have
a cool hat oh is that what that sounds
good
most fish is good tunas good Salmons
good we were talking about it mr.
burrito on stream oh god I don't think
we I don't recall
Jack do you recall that story but you
tell me that sir do you not want to talk
about it we can talk about you've
already brought it up I know I know I
used to be a place we used to go to eat
near us
well ages ago was to talk about first
team Chloe look at this building telling
us to talk about that way they went
under
they opened up some place called Tino's
beef and pasta there next they went on
there an other restaurant opened up
there
they went under and then eventually a
place moved in there called mr. burrito
and yeah we went in there guy I ran the
place sweetest guy nice man big guy
where's he from Mexico I think yeah he
had like crappy jobs before I was all
proud he had a job he was really
sociable and and really friendly and he
opened the job with his brothers
you know there's progression with his
brother or his cousin or somebody's name
is Jimmy and he was so friendly hey how
you doing a nice nice man his previous
job I guess he he worked in the backroom
of like a steak house and they would
just stand there and process stuff and
they weren't allowed to talk so he's
standing there all day mr. sociability
free drinks like all the time very nice
man but but I had tried to stay away
from for a while because I was trying to
lose some weight and I hadn't been in
there so and you know I mean the
quesadillas were excellent but in
quesadillas and and rice and generous
portions of very Anna Magdalena
orange-flavored AHA Vito you know to
drink and its square we are talking
about a few calories oh just a few just
a few have been months cuz Kara was on
diet I just hadn't been in there yeah
that's good mr. brito name we want
and he was crying he was literally
crying I said well you guys been it's my
last day closing and this wonderful
sweet bed made us made us dinner like
crying the whole time it was terrible we
wished we hated to see that abdomen we
went there it was like we were always
like the only ones there and it wasn't
that spot is like doomed it's just kind
of by birthing and other guys yeah it's
by itself one side of the street is is
County Forest Preserve the other side
there's not a whole lot you know there's
like a bank and a couple of bullshit
things after that it was another
restaurant that also went out of
business
yeah it was a golden to cash kind of
thing and that closed yeah I don't think
it's anything right now I mean that spot
is just do but so the day I die I will
remember where have you guys been Oh
I mean even if we had come there every
day we couldn't have especially not with
the free drinks yeah but I mean you know
even if I mean it was a nice meal I
think it was like five bucks or six
bucks or something
but even if we spent you know six bucks
a day there every day of the week we
couldn't have single-handedly yeah we
were just about attend to customers
did the tears make the food saltier I I
still feel bad I hope he whoever he is
they let him talk because he is a nice
nice man what do I do here it I don't
know am I not going is why he closed I
think not single I can kill him thank
you fault they're saying it's our fault
rich oh you probably killed this I hope
not
you seemed like he had a nice family he
had his cousin and stuff so at least if
his shop went down you know his extended
family might give him a reason to keep
going and maybe they started another
business or something I don't know
oh there's me started another mr.
burrito and I'm that much nicer area
yeah so much business yeah well we can't
talk to him because we don't know where
he lives there anything he might be
homeless for all we know
oh yeah and we certainly wish him well
look at this weapon
I got his thing you like the blunt
weapons just say if you're if he's
working in the bathroom attendant will
you look him in the eyes rich yeah yeah
welcome I guess
well I didn't know if this is some kind
of a thing that guys aren't even look at
their attendants eyes are there we
didn't purposefully put him out of
business
oh no oh my god
Kanak Nader guest mr. burrito probably
not I think the place is probably open
for about six months now he's master
burrito I hope he is I very much wish
Jimmy well but all I know is is Jimmy I
don't even know what's his last name
mr. burrito or what Jimmy might be short
for whether he's James he will always be
mr. burrito to me you know maybe his
last name is him in a nose or something
you know what Chet I didn't know that
that would kill me lay off that was a
the old one does she know the l2 charge
attack apparently causes frenzy and
everyone including you oh so it killed
me instantly singing frenzy close yeah
and yeah because I have such high
insight
my friend Z's shit cuz that was the cool
hat I got from that guy look at hey he's
a cool-looking hat that is a cool
looking happen I'm just thinking it
might get in the way with your fighting
weight guy you're not playing as granny
GILF oh no I'm still I'm still fo GILF
he's a guy though alright well that's
what I got from him yeah that doesn't
look like a granny it's Ethel man
where's that though there she is
tick you can design your character
alright well I got that now all right
great
oh I guess I should go back and pick up
my boy that goes it's only eight
thousand but still do-do-do-do-do-do
did you so that was just said I go and
kill that guy and get his weapon I mean
that's cool but yeah that's a cool it's
a cool weapon so if we go to that
restaurant and there's like or that that
location and they ever put another
restaurant in there should we just get
out there should we just go there the
first day if you like your food is
excellent you're nice people save
yourselves while you can it's too late
just put a sign on the building before
the next thing movie yeah
don't be way all ye who should rent this
property ha ha ha well there was the
Denny's that that was like three things
that never opened and then it turned
into the pancake house and that's been
there for years that seems to do well
read the description for the hat the
scalp ooh
this is our horrible third beast
indicating that hunter borrowed or
frayed or a healing braid or a braid or
a healing church accession assassin had
killed a compatriot afterward he wore
his allies ohm scalp and hid himself
away deep low in a Cell the trick
provided him with a single soundless
Bell of death to ensure their secrets
would be kept
what's a soundless Bell of death that
was he was just silently ringing it in
his cell so I was okay to kill him it
was okay to kill him because he had
assassinated his friend well that's nice
that's nice so you kill him and then you
just so nice yourself afterwards so now
well you know if I would have read the
description when I first got it I would
have known it was okay to kill him but
now more importantly I'm wearing the
scalp of his friend yay most most
underrated Star Trek film everybody
knows I think that's the motion picture
it's the most underrated Star Trek film
that needs a serious rillette it there's
some quality in there there's some
quality in there you know you know what
all it needs is cut out the bullshit
enterprise masturbation that takes up 30
minutes of the front of the movie it
turn on you know cook some food while
that's going on
right
with a simple chapter skip that movie
gets make some macaroni much better
maybe I'll wait no what are the stats on
this thing
