Grind my Gears (part 3) (mostly multplayer)
October 16, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2FgCRlAIyKc

I don't have no idea how long we were
off for because you know we were both
playing and so we're not you know no one
is checking the chat constantly we check
it often enough so I think we were out
for a little bit sorry there was a big
fire fight fire fight we were fighting
the robots and we're sorry but we're
here we're back now we're back
most likely back up that's right we're
back up everything's back we're here
we're back up great and we're back hi hi
the stream is back we're back we're
still we're you know playing the game an
airplane crashed while you were gone it
crashed into Marcus's barn and he was
really upset with that that's what
happened
yeah check it out see if there's an ammo
box right here you still looking for one
how did you get one oh come on what do I
need one oh there's one there's an ammo
box in there yeah I definitely need one
there's one in the plane
there's not one out here where where
where where in the play the way in the
plane the plane that you are in that's
it
you see it yeah
all right hey you asked me a little
something little something-something
yep all right I'll be open I think I'll
be able to thing though that's right
they won't be able to call him Marcus to
Barnes Phoenix anymore he's now Marcus
one barn Phoenix old Marcus two barns
back to the future reference
it's fun ain't so pretty anymore it's
just no mock is two-box feelings I don't
know why I know it's dumb but I think I
really liked that as a so do you need
ammo are you good I'd love some ammo for
a sniper rifle it'll give you one round
if any do you need any in the machine
gun huh how you looking in the machine
gun oh hey oh there's a long shot right
here okay great
Oh that'd get ya um I'm good in the
machine gun use a few more yeah I got
some long shot bullets now so I'm ready
I'm ready for this next inevitable
firefight drop clods yeah that is a
little faux well these enemies are turbo
these enemies are terrible and that's
the real problem it's not like it's not
like I die I want to fight I want to
fight all I can but it's just that these
enemies are boring shotgun specialist
yeah yeah that's what it is
I'll find me
I'm sure the thing
what a don't fight yeah look at how many
fucking bullets that fucking thing takes
Jesus Christ ah help it help it thank
you
Wow snipers
will
hey there you go
she though robots I want to shoot you
robots
hey head chatting around what's this fun
they explode in a reasonably satisfying
manner are you know I really found a
robot kinda got behind enemy lines
Oh No thank you
yeah I like that unit is retreating
that's funny I was not working oh oh
it's fine know what it's fine
see that was my like I came into some
problems where I couldn't get the
chainsaw the chainsaw either oh oh god
no I don't want the M bar and the long
shot Jesus well Marcus was that when you
do that with your voice well it's gonna
be along see that windmill was gonna be
a little mid mid mid vowel was no oh
shit hates what oh I was kidding
mo going back alright alright oh I can't
fucking sorry let me know you're getting
a mo this time you're look at the ham oh
fucking let me know your ammo
look at where I am oh yeah Oh actually
wait I think it gave it to me I have
like four hundred bullets no and I did
not have four hundred bullets earlier do
you need bullets yep okay here there's a
custom Lancer right here so you can get
bullets back by the way I'm going on
nope I know that we all look alike and
there's nothing really distinctive about
our character models but
oh yeah
do I like Tim Burton's The Nightmare
Before Christmas inside yeah
I'm not I know when it came out there
was a bunch of people who it became
their life yeah and I wasn't that person
it's fun I think it's really fun and
it's really interesting and it's a
really great movie to watch kind of
during Halloween and during Christmas
and especially with the kids the kids
love it because it's gross it's got
worms and songs and you know stop-motion
no no it just doesn't register register
doesn't register which is which is
really tough because like I went I took
them to see Kubo in the theatres and I
was like wasn't that super great and
they're like fun movie that's like no
but you don't understand
so I found a whole bunch of behind the
scenes and what it was a ParaNorman yeah
which was done by the same company like
a-- and i found a bunch of ParaNorman
behind the scenes videos show them how
is that i was like isn't that cool like
these guys are is they're moving like
dolls and that's how they make the movie
they're like so Wow because to them they
don't care about how the movies made
they just want to watch the movies yeah
yeah no isn't that neat how much work
and time and isn't that fun yeah I guess
Oh preciate of brats check that well
that's the thing they're kids brats oh
sorry I triggered that I triggered to go
up that's fine that's fine
I'm so tired I triggered I triggered the
blah
I can only take so many of these fucking
robot waves drop bogs yeah I'm gonna say
the last time I got here is probably
it's probably just that this is what I
started to get my dreams back sure sure
ow
another there we go drop pods can't play
a little bit of the multiplayer
all right I'm kind of getting sick of us
this change it off Jack I need to change
it up yeah you're a treasure watch me
get my ass kicked in the multiplayer
that could be fun because I want to
shoot things I don't want to just run
around with the shotgun up no I actually
have not played the online multiplayer
yet any of the nerves are just this one
just this one oh god someone help Marcus
nothing has changed
oh there you go
oh that's right brother gunship yep yeah
we were hoping for something a different
different exciting
nope
not a good spot
it's Rockets just go right over that
Oh out out out out
everything has to be a comical bullet
sponge I think you called it earlier
rich its padding there really padding
out that playtime buddy
my bluff was called says I bought no
man's sky before I seen your review I
hate myself we're sorry we do all we can
we know we didn't get it out super fast
but you know we do what we can you know
say it's gonna be done got a multiplayer
yeah great boom boom boom this is that's
doing we do this split-screen
let's try blue oh you hit the button I
don't just have to hit a lot yeah yeah
you ever watched Curb Your Enthusiasm
rich I should I haven't I've seen a few
episodes and I think they're very funny
so I haven't had cable in a very long
time I know you can probably you know
when it was first coming out it was like
it was an HBO Kirby enthusiasm what was
that on what is this this is a tech
workload no how did you do benchmark I
must have benchmarks get out of here oh
you do don't pass anything I'm gonna
press stuff sorry I think that was the
problems we were both pricing stuff okay
so we want vs. chord mode how has heard
boat significantly different from what
we were just doing
try and find a match in one of the core
modes so do it wait co-op moans is this
what I want or does that no I think
that's the playing the game okay so we
want social quick play the core core
modes try and find a Guardian match okay
three tips I'm caught up
well what kind of what kind of huh
you know but let me uh we'll restart
that just to make sure I could not find
a match of this the other day what's
Guardian mode uh you keep respawning
until the leader dies one person new
team has designated the leader Oh Oh
trying to kill the enemies leader
they're trying to code your leader okay
great great great this is great let's
see here whoa that's late yeah we won a
few times ever gotten the multi playing
shooters yeah I used to love Guardian
mode multiple gears - oh okay great yeah
we were getting the 60 frames a second
in that benchmark this we're doing we
know it's fine
Larry David is my spirit animal yeah no
I thought it was funny like every
episode I saw I thought it was funny I I
don't like I I think I have that HBO go
now but at the time I didn't have HBO so
I only saw an episode here there and you
know I've never got super into it but
I'm sure it's fine I have no strong
feelings is that a minion behind you you
and Remy fucking you a minion I fucking
hate the minions everyone should hate
the minions if you are a person nothing
about the minions why should I hate them
they're awful their movie is on why are
they awful they are something inserted
into a movie simply because they make
farting noises that the kids will like
okay it's a kids movie so yeah and
here's the thing that you put them in
Despicable Me and they're fine because
you know like we have character
and we have a main story Despicable Me
is not the worst movie ever made it's
not great it's not the worst as far as
like kids movies are concerned and then
you got the minions and then they fart
and they say weird stuff and that's fine
right but then they get their own movie
and it's an entire movie of these little
blobs speaking nonsense and farting and
it's insufferable it's insufferable
nonsense and they're huge minions are
everywhere and I hate them I hate
looking at them I hate thinking about
them they're insufferable has it been
running well in the PC so far years for
no problems then again we have a really
nice PC know for the gaming stuff yes oh
but no problems no problems great
well the Windows Store
David Saviour who save the big range the
Windows Store is the worst thing ever
80 gigabyte download extremely slow
download speed the download would stop
when the computer went into sleep mode
so you couldn't leave the computer
unattended while it's downloading an 80
gigabyte file slowly that was the
important part if your computer went to
sleep it would stop the download the
Windows Store is atrocious
and this game has some only online
bullshit going on mm-hmm
so mom I know the game will the game
will not run if you are not connected to
the Internet and that is bull shit
they owned your game I tried to put a
shortcut yeah seekers forum cuz I wanted
out I wanted to put it on my steam list
get out of the steam as a non steam game
just cuz it's really convenient I got
all the games in one spot even the non
steam ones I tried to make a shortcut I
clicked on the the Exe file for Gears of
War 4 it says you do not have access to
this file you are not authorized what
fucking computer and I pray for the day
when you mean I'm not authorized
J kiddo it's 82 gigabytes for the game
Gears of War was an 80 gig download so
that the DRM for this is sickening
it's absolutely sickening the reason
we're still using Microsoft in 2016 is
because all the old games are on Windows
and if we want to sensibly switch to
Linux which we should you you you need
to define like a perfect fucking Windows
emulator or or just you know something
like wine which is what you use on a Mac
to run a Windows program which is
basically like a shell to house a single
program but that doesn't work great for
games because the games is so resource
intensive you can't like run a game
through another up matchmaking timed out
oh no try again no wait now it's sending
cancel requests so now we have to wait
for it to cancel the thing it told me
it's consoling how new is this game I
mean less than a week this game has been
out for less than a week can we
officially call the Windows 10 store
experiment a smashing failure look at
that if that's true jam jam boring ski
97% of quantum breaks PC sales were on
Steam and it's only been on Steam for a
few weeks versus seven months on the
Windows Store I believe it wine for
older games older window games is
perfect what about not so older games
what about games you just bought now
you're to go supply every omen what
about them yeah probably won't work
sending cancel request rich okay I'm
trying to go back okay and it won't let
me go back because it's sending the
cancel request the only game the only
the only the only mode I can get a game
on is the fucking social node which is
game modes I don't want to play what is
it at the time just random you vote I do
next
I know no one's playing it online on the
PC because no one uses the wind tends to
her right right no one should it's
terrible and the DRM like you should
known this on PC you should known this
just can you let me back out of this
menu now I know it look great this is
great this is terrible rich I just want
to go back no you can't me wait no no no
I can't go back I bet I can go to the
storm of course you can go to the store
then you can buy stuff of course oh I
got to the store just fine
oh look you want Bryce buy some crates
sending cancel request it was insane
we it stopped looking for a game at five
minutes oh and so now it's been two and
a half minutes just to cancel the thing
it told us it had to cancel right oh I
didn't cancel you know what happened the
game said after five minutes we stopped
looking for a game the game cancelled
and it's taking two and a half minutes
for the game to cancel this this is that
this is this is right up there with
unacceptable software yeah yeah
absolutely twitchplayspokemon once GPU
passed through in the in virtual
machines work reliably and consistently
for gaming that's when Linux because it
was a thing because that's all wine is
is the pass through a box you know
to play to do window stuff like on a Mac
and it does the same on on Linux but if
there is a genuine pass-through so your
your your graphics card and your ram is
unobstructed to get to the game then you
could actually game on a Linux machine
I don't unstick it's not like the game
isn't fun I mean the game is well
basically it's just like yours of war
only with shitty characters yeah I've
never had a cancel take this long this
is this is unacceptable rich this is on
can I cancel the canceled your right
trip wait well no because then it'll
take extra long because then it have to
cancel the cancel request cancelling
cancellation you cannot cancel the
cancel as you as you have not first
canceled the requests I'm not familiar
with computer is what makes Linux so
great Linux is free and they're not
gonna do the kind of bullshit that
windows will with like the Microsoft
Store Linux is not the greatest it's
free though it's Linux is unlimited
potential it's unshackled it's
unshackled but that also means it
doesn't have a ton of support sure sure
and so that's the downsides is and like
we're talking about if you want to play
a game you want to do one in any age you
want to be your own man
right that's the question and but a lot
of the things you want to use you kind
of need a nanny yeah and so why does
that keep happening that's you and so a
lot of the things you want to use on a
computer you need the name let's let's
let's just close the game just X the
game what are they seeing now I don't
know you seen the desktop great great so
that was our experiment in multiplayer
Gears of War
that's great we're gonna try again yeah
oh yeah yeah go for a little longer
switching from Windows to Linux for
gaming is like switching from mouse and
keyboard to gamepad because you want to
play shooters right and I think that's
what we're saying
Linux can't be run into the ground by
malicious companies that's true and like
what we're seeing in Windows 10 by the
way like you open up the Start menu in
Windows 10 and you see goddamn
advertisements and that's unacceptable
to me you won't see that in Linux but
also like I probably wouldn't be able to
run my editing software in Linux you
know so there's a there's a there's a
balance the master I am planning on
Singh Shin Godzilla I'll probably wait
till it comes to video-on-demand because
just because I probably but I love the
Godzilla movies and and I will probably
see shim Godzilla I love the old
Godzilla movies social quick play great
let's do it
identifying potential opponents so this
is the first option this is the most
generic this is quickly yeah this is
quick play let's see how long it takes
here we go so you a quick play this
should be considerably shorter they
should be yeah
while usually that's truth Orvis if
something is free you are the product
with linux that is not true Linux is
open-source they want they want the user
base it's al it's like Facebook is free
and and you the Facebook user are the
product that Facebook is selling to
advertisers Linux is not the same thing
it's a little bit different but
generally that is the role mi are we
gonna play more spooky games I don't
know
rich doesn't seem to like us playing
spooky games and I don't care that much
to hold on to it so maybe ever get
closer you know you still get to choose
I think you want to play this sneaky
game right
eh something kooky it's in my safe wish
list so oh good good so why does this
take so long I have no idea it takes on
because there's not a lot of people
playing assumably or or there's just
some crap software going on I don't know
I can't imagine it's a ghost town this
game came out this week even though the
Windows Store is crap I I think if I try
to do this on my xbox get a game like
that yeah this is this is a gamepad yeah
this is a console shooter yeah everyone
who's playing this is buying this on a
console no one bought it on Windows 10
and that's how we get this waiting two
minutes to get into a game play five
nights at freddys we did I can't be the
only one who played the previous Gears
games because you had to play them on a
console and it didn't really much care
for the gamepad I can't be the only one
our gummy thank you hey you're cheb
origami yes yeah I know you wanted to
play that one so I'm on xbox and it's
not working either oh well there you go
the stream may be over before we can
even you know do a multiplayer match I
don't think it's gonna happen at this
point I think I'm okay going to like
11:30 but yeah you know we'll see rich
they're saying they like the beard yeah
you get the boots back their beards back
you look good with a beard I shaved it
off I kind of regretted it yeah so you
look good with a beard why can't they do
what rocket League doesn't let
cross-play happen because Microsoft do
not want hundreds of thousands of whiny
fucking Xbox players bitching and
moaning because they got pwned by people
using a mouse and keyboard yep
it's not fair they can a it's no any by
the way it's really true they like to
use tools that are more appropriate for
the job and and cheating this is why
when we were talking about something
like overwatch which is on PC and on
consoles they they balance those games
differently like for example they had to
hugely nerf the automatic turret chore
bjørn's automatic turret in the console
version because it automatically aims at
stuff and people were having a trouble
taking it down and so but that nerf
didn't happen on PC because people can
hit it but they're aware of that and
they're aware of the different tools
that people use to play the games and so
yeah you can't you can't have for a
shooter you can't have a shooter in
which aiming is important cross-platform
mouse and keyboard blows and
third-person shooters kind of moron are
you booger come on man we're not going
down this road again that's just the
dumbest thing I've ever heard
we're not we
we've we've already been through this
the perspective changes your ability to
aim a mouse is always more accurate than
a joystick
always
I remember playing tf2 on xbox in some
classes were borderline unplayable due
to them
Oh matchmaking error please try again
later ok sending cancel right now here
don't touch anything
oh maybe we cancel two requests too many
times last time so we're gonna try it
again we're gonna try it a hold what
we're just gonna put this down right
here
son of a bitch sending cancel request ok
gears was built from the ground up for a
controller but you still was built from
the ground up for the controller in mind
yes it was they made the game slower so
that the the less the the worst accuracy
didn't matter as much right which means
it's pretty playable with a controller
it's still not worse with a mouse yeah
right
you can still shoot more accurately with
a mouse God God
god dammit look at this sending cancer
aggressive shit rich can you believe
this
please make this a YouTube highlight
it's just the key it's just the cancel
request trying to find a game this is
social mode this is like the most
generic one this is the first one yeah
like oh I want to try out the online
I'll just try social mode like that's
the first one it's it's terrible I've
heard good things about the account yes
the Ben Affleck movie I've heard good
things
bong play online whoo booger x9 it you
you dumbass
you fucking dumbass you know I can't
play against people on the Xbox because
they don't want people on the Xbox
getting destroyed by people with a mouse
also apparently booger we can't play
anyway because it won't let us play and
also we can't cancel wanting to play
booger we love all of our fans yeah
except for you because you are a dumbass
but listen booger I've been known you
know what rich let's try to be
sympathetic the booger I've been where
you are I've been in that stage where
you say like a controller is better and
it like for shooters one day you're
gonna find that it's not and and and
you're gonna feel silly about this but
you can get there I believe that you can
get there I believe in you man or girl I
believe in you booger I think I think
everything is gonna be fine
if Highlander aka if a game has a
crosshair in the center of the screen
mouse and keyboard Trump's gamepad
whatever the mouse the mouse will always
trump and and by the way this is
something gears multiplayer is all about
rolling which blows on WASD and what way
does that blow on WASD I can't hit the
button droll
but rich how rich how could you possibly
hit the button to roll I don't know I
have so many options when it comes to
buttons and I could bind it to any one
of them I mean how could possibly how
could ice how could I do that
I just don't know how you could possibly
hit the wrong button you could you
couldn't roll at a 92 degree angle as
opposed to just a 90 degree angle
listen booger you tried you're right
you're reaching buddy you're really
reaching just probably right now is the
best time just to give it up because you
know it's fine it's a everything's gonna
be fine a joy Mouse
what's a joy Mouse
I like the controller diehards are so
desperate to hold on to that the analog
for like strafing like like that's a big
fucking deal when you're playing a
shooter but but rich booger in with a
joystick you could move in eight
directions because it's not like you
could press up and left to move
diagonally on the keyboard his argument
for the superiority
yes superiority yes of the gamepad yes
is that cheap ass rolling and
close-range shotgun crap which you only
have to use it because you don't have a
mouse to aim with a Rilke or because
you're a talentless fucking hack who
sucks at the game by the way we've been
officially sending our cancel request
for longer than they searched for a game
yeah just putting that out there
it gave up searching for game after 5
minutes has not given up and sending
that cancel request though bugger we're
done with you sorry
it would have been interesting to play
some online analog movement assholes
Tony right that's just don't even that'd
be like like I need a new car yeah and
you know this uh you know this is 2014
it's only got a few thousand miles on a
really good price you know but I could
buy that 1990 Ford Escort it has heated
seats I mean but the 2014 you know sedan
it new but seats it drives really good
but doesn't it heated seats the 1990
Ford Escort that's got you know uh
250,000 miles that heated seats Jack oh
god it did it oh shit oh shit oh my god
we cancelled okay great let's try this
trip right now a mouse isn't working
your mouse am i okay oh my god oh my god
oh no cancel cancel what do you do
yes cancel so fuck I it's gonna take
forever to cancel surgery I don't know
what okay there oh my god social game
play okay here we go no now I'm
convinced burger is just a troll what it
was a fun conversation before I know he
was a troll yeah and I like this period
yeah yeah yeah that's just troubling
right now it's fun
so what do you try it but I think we got
into match alright
loading map shit are you playing I'm
playing I'm worried we're gonna give it
a try
okay let's do this
do I have to nope no okay they do
something I hate they have like all of
the wacky like skins yeah blow guns
multi paint
that's so fucking distracting and it
just makes you stand out like a sore
goddamn thumb alright
it makes the game ugly as hell to look
at which is kind of a jerk yes sometimes
I don't I have a very low tolerance for
fools
I will not suffer fools what are you
doing
winning oh my god jack money that was
great that was great they don't expect
it shit jump over the fucking fence can
I not cut down fairly you can't jump
over the fucking place whoops shit I saw
that coming
you're looking at patrol this game he
wasn't paying attention I'm gonna
chainsaws ass
oh I thought I could get it third one
what's wrong Wow yes right in the chat
do-do-do-do-do-do-do oh okay I guess I
got to stop doing that I guess I asked
that pen chains out people so we're
going on full full shotgun I'm curious
about something
yeah well I have control with the mouse
yeah okay yeah you can just take over
with mouse and keyboard anything I just
curious if they go you do both at once
Oh torque bow
I want to talk though
I'm all do suppose it would work if you
moves you navigated my life and mmm
poorly poorly probably I would assume
poorly yep
we lost or we didn't do enough soon huh
give it up a little too soon I thought
we lost it certainly on the cusp of
losing oh sure it's three to six
effectively or three verses 6 to pursue
56
he's gonna come right over here you got
that kind of range that fucker nope
rolling rolling do it that's fine
I'm very little experience very fine
yeah yeah you know what I think I lost
cuz that smooth analog movement no okay
I'm moving you mouse and you Mouse and
rich can you zoom in
all I can do is aim shoot okay well yeah
that's fine tell me where you want to go
nice reload wonder what my keys don't
work now that's weird
nice well I wasn't really me well you
helped who there's the thing you want do
you want it
grab him no you don't want it no I don't
want it fuck it
okay fuck it let's stay with our friend
over here
teamwork much as six it gives it all the
running up to them yeah
where's all the bad guys I just
I was lucky
I think someone was trying to change our
ass no not that one oh fuck what's going
on with your face yeah why don't you why
are these all ba
you have to redo your rebounds for
online multiplayer apparently apparently
yeah okay
now rage can do it oh no it's all me all
rich I mean it
I'll be honest we we kind of did better
when we working together second try
again that's fine look I'm garbage at
these things I really have no sure I
talked about this purity of keyboard
mouse I don't talk about the superiority
of me
oh come on rich Ryan yet no no the
Halloween special we did not shoot with
max oh that's bad guy
oh there you go there you go yeah you
have to get it like fully revved up
before before it'll chainsaw someone you
see him he said it yeah
fYI I was half joking I love my look but
I'm alone moving that's obviously
superior I understand that but it's a
extremely minor advantage when it comes
to shooters you're far better off at the
mouse the trade-off is a it's a
no-brainer
oh yeah for superior aim for a straight
type movement you're trianing you know a
directions for for but for aiming you're
you're gonna goddamn Mouse yeah yeah and
then there's stuff like the my little
nunchuck II thing which I brought if we
want to use more bindings right I wish
you'd brought that up earlier sup double
use that I did I did I didn't I had it
with button yeah you're right that's
where you get a little nunchuck II thing
and then you get and then you get the
best of both fucking worlds then you get
eight movement directions yeah yeah a
couple a cup of flappers and it bows to
him it's great
and I like I've seen someone like her
and I know Rich's talked about that like
hybrid in like half of a controller and
a mouse but then you got it's too
weighty then you got this big chunk of
weight with you you know I think you
need the noon giant you need the noon
Chuck afk that's a great sign great sign
feel good about this well PlayStation VR
is selling well will it last
how will there be any games I've heard
are there any games I've heard the
Batman VR thing is interesting what is
it good right it's all about the games
always is
nicely done rich thank you
sneekybeeky oh sorry chan I'm sorry
about that we'll see what we can do
about that
Oh sir Chen tried to gift me a game that
I already had
oh and and they kind of like let her buy
it even though I already had the game
and now she's trying to get a refund and
they're denying her the refund I'm very
sorry sir um where are they dying here
from Steam
yeah has she used the game no I thought
the new policy was to refund everything
yeah what the fuck I don't know I don't
know the particulars I'm sorry to hear
that sir
I'm glad you're getting behind him
there's no one to get behind oh yeah
there there are there yeah I saw someone
over there was getting hurt go go
chainsaw some boots oh that person
apparently didn't see you
oh he's a full control how about that
guy he looks like he's a bad guy but I
guess he's been well I'm on the bad guy
team oh but I meant sorry I mean he
looked like a good guy but he's a robot
that's who he is
those perfect
that was perfect
oh I see that guy's down I'll go I'll go
chainsaw
boom boom
starting off before all right
at least two of them up there and I know
to you versus what is not good ads
that's right oh he's like three of them
up there
gimme gimme gimme gimme good work good
work teamwork nice distract him while
the teammate gets goes in for the flank
super flank
yeah go chainsaw some boat hello
nice nice rip surprise James up oh no no
no no didn't didn't happen like me
flanked you that's right that's right hi
rich and Jack Jack if Mike and J
approached you to star in a mailman
Tommy spinoff series would you say yes I
suppose it would really depend on what
the series is about if say if it was a
mailman Tommy spinoff series reviewing
anime I would probably say no do you
mean like just a series of shorts
starring mailman
Tommy absolutely absolutely that'd be
fun I miss my man Tommy they should have
been yeah
should Oh what oh come on
but maybe mailman Tommy will come back
we'll see
three versus three rich yeah three
versus three and uh we don't know if
mailman Tommy is dead a mailman is dead
and it was not specifically stated
whether or not it was mailman Tommy oh
shit nice excellent nice save
now where's the last human come here
Hume on
ah a solid win I'm fine with that so
Owen all right one more set do I play no
you got it
okay you get the groove you're right
you're right I don't think many people
would like a mailman
Tommy series mostly because that mailman
Tommy's got a fucking attitude I've got
an attitude problem ma'am I can't
believe you guys are doing well sorry
for not believing lol yes Megan well
that was the joke yours I can tell at
least half the maps are from the old
games oh yeah yeah yes those were all
different characters named branch they
were all played by me but every ridge
who's died on half in the bag with one
exception I think has been a different
character yes all they just also happen
to be named rich rich he's a pretty
common one of one of them the comic book
I'm his first death was a hallucination
oh yeah yeah I don't even know if he
died the second time I think he's still
out there what I'm not playing I'll tell
us a little story about the comic rough
rich Evans character Jerry
now if you press J fast you like the
vibe faster I don't like did you
bump the blood nice nice and the friend
was there for the head for the help what
are we here I want to be here yeah that
wasn't good cover nice
oh that's what they were doing the host
sneaky bastards I like looking that then
they're like oh shit
right I was different wrong but I was
reloading Oh shooting that was just a
fuckup
that was a fuckup it was a fuckup they
happen I'm not proud of it
I mean the Brady Bunch was just on a
bunch I don't know if I ever like
watched the Brady Bunch but you know it
was on and you watch an episode here
there
who's the funniest Marilyn off camera I
got a hit to break it we're all very
much like we are off camera as we are on
we're the same people the exact same
people like the best of the worst
discussions it's not like scripted jokes
right that's us being us for an hour
mm-hmm so whoever you find the funniest
say on best of the worst
that's probably who would be the
funniest to you in real life
don't rock Ron cover you wouldn't have
helped you had the grenade wow you just
stuck to the wrong wall though yeah
so you just done that rules of us were
someone on the team has to die before I
could be brought in okay they open
I don't know where any of the shit is
Jack was that J playing JJ Abrams and
the rlm Star Wars no that was that was
famous actor Tim Higgins that was Tim
Higgins who sit around here there You've
the the guy he played the hipster with
the in the hipster episodes he actually
played one of the goons one of George
Lucas's goons in the very first episode
of half in the bag yeah also are tender
and space cop in addition to moon maro
bartender de mer and space cop also in
my shorts he's pooping mpi
now he is in the hey pass me a beer
videos all around great guy Timothy
Higgins prereq Tim exactly the guy who I
had a a a emote for so long who's no
longer an emot-- that was Tim
oh did you get him I got a hit from
behind oh you didn't you didn't kill him
so that's horseshit yeah no he's not the
gay bartender the gay the gay bartender
who's certainly gay is what's his name
he was in the dude bro that was named oh
I feel so bad he was so fun to work with
that was like the only time I ever met
him so I don't feel bad but he was a
nice guy
he was one of the dude bros the other
dude bro you got so many new subs you go
that's right I haven't checked recently
whether or not we can get an emote back
because we have so many new subs because
of the twitch we might we might have
enough now too
I will check I will double-check
what
did you get him I don't think so what
was that I guess I did get him look what
the fuck was it
hipster Tim is the next emote I'll see
I'll see death to the monster mountain
you did it rich you help fugly I vaguely
did it you didn't hurt no you didn't
hurt your team he I saw you had like two
points so you know I don't do the
multiplayer much right here
I remember chakra be here with sparklers
as the next emo I had a beer emote for a
while we had to get rid of that one too
I think or do we still have the beer
Ramone be remodel I think I got rid of
Tim and I got rid of the beer in order
to give us Jane Mike let's see here
nope we no longer have the beer you know
oh wow that's quick that was a fast
round one more I'm in fun okay do it
rich if you're having fun do it do it do
it Shaq what would use what oh what Oh
average what do you think about the rise
of eSports and competitive gaming have
you enjoyed watching it that's great
great um I did just cuz you know I'm
just curious about it i watch like umm
csgo sure didn't care for it too much
but I watched rocket League yeah eSports
I thought was fun great fucking amazing
how good they are at that shit well and
here's the thing and I think a lot of
people who watch football like
professional football at one point in
their life played football yeah either
you know little like high school
football younger football and so they
because they know exactly what's going
on they get an appreciation of it and I
think it's the same for eSports or if
you play csgo even yeah just play it at
you know a couple hours a week you're
gonna watch competitive csgo and really
get into it and because you know what's
happening in rocket League I think
you're more into that
so which is which is great you know like
it's so that being said I'm not sure if
we're ever going to see eSports being
see eSports be as big a thing as regular
sports just because it's more niche you
know well thank you Angela Lee Zima zero
yes thank you welcome Thank You angel
may angel Mesa yeah I guess it is angel
Mesa yeah it's gonna angel maze but nope
nope that is not that thing
not not videogames or niche in for sorry
and yes I can see how you would
misunderstand what I was saying I would
because there are so many different
games that could be eSports it's broken
up too much where it's like football
there's only one football there's the
NFL right but with video games you can
watch rocket League
you can watch csgo you can watch over
watch you can watch tf2 you can watch
this game you can watch that game and
each game has their own niche within the
already niche of eSports you know what
I'm saying so there's just so there's so
many options eSports might be big but
we're never going to have the big one
you know like
you got a bullet through
haha yeah teamwork teamwork right you
don't know and i believe like esports is
becoming a large thing and i bet if you
like tallied the viewership of all of
esports it would be larger than
something like the NFL yeah but because
there are so many ways to break it up
it's never gonna have that big movement
but does it need that but if you put it
on TV what would happen esports if you
put it on TV what on TV I don't know
that's a good question it was on ESPN is
it still on ESPN I don't know they did
like a street fighter tournament or
something I don't know
would people care because they can
already watch it online that's the
question if you put it on TV they
putting it on TV means people who were
watching it can still watch it and
they're not able to comment on the
screen like they usually can so it's
actually like putting on TV with might
be a disservice to their viewership
I'm pretty good about myself right now
good there's a major overwatch
tournament on TBS oh sure now like it's
big eSports is big and you know there's
also nothing grounding eSports to a
geography if you're born in a city that
has a sports team you're gonna like that
sports team by default not the same with
eSports and so I think there are some
things that are gonna hold it back but
it's doing great and it's that's great I
love watching overwatch competitive it
gives me some ideas sometimes some some
sports people only watch with our home
team is doing well they're in the
playoffs right right
it'll care about the sport otherwise
I've been playing a little bit of the
overwatch Halloween event not too much
I've been playing this a lot recently so
I haven't been playing overwatch but uh
I do actually I need to play overwatch a
little bit more because I need to get an
outfit and you know I need a few more
glue traits so I can get a neat outfit I
want that Anna Halloween outfit I want
that on a Halloween outfit because it's
badass the National yeah the nationality
thing in sports gets intense for
national sports gets super intense
nice right didn't even didn't even see
it coming
you could change out his butt shotgun
out yeah I didn't want what happened
that one time to happen again
she don't start of fuck around though my
weapons that I hit the wrong button yeah
whoa
oh you helped I helped a lot you helped
a lot oh no you got a little achievement
that said you helped
in the board and upon winning
Eugene's out his body for the wind kill
rich congratu-fucking-lations that was
fun that's always fun that's how you win
a match right there all right let's wrap
it up that's a good place now
I just might phone just told me it's
time to go to bed I'm not lying
okay I'm with you I'm with you boom so
you agree that analog movement is
superior to during gears as high
precision aiming isn't so a lot of that
scrolled up so but here's noticing
basically basically what Booker's is
saying here is you agree that analog
movement is superior so why be
condescending assholes analog movement
is superior not by enough to get worked
up over I don't think it's superior by
enough to make a difference I think when
it comes to strafing even in a game like
gears the broad general directions you
can do a WASD perfectly adequate right
and just what you get with the mouse is
so much better the the analog stick the
advantage of aiming with a mouse over a
joystick is so much greater than the
disadvantage gain ear you know lessened
by the WASD versus analog so Booker
settle down bulgur was big perfectly
polite yes we're where our subs at yo
boom I'm just
Windows 10 and with their xbox bullshit
I don't want any kind of like you know
email address information or shit like
that probably I guess we're just lying
logged in with you yeah that's fine them
still people know what it is that's fine
you're right no you're not not in the
but that guy probably right
it's like who I'm the last guy standing
I hope I don't get into the bun and then
here comes rich okay oh yeah time and so
this is the point in the stream in which
we thank all of our subscribers everyone
who subscribed to us during this dream
like I may exist double zero I baines's
double zero zero says five months
pronouncing my name wrong lol take my
benign money you idiots and that was a
bond Oh a lot thought dr. Harry Lime you
guys are always entertaining things for
the laughs mister shy smile 24 fucking
months in a row Mario Mario 4228 fucking
months in a row Mario Mario says if
twenty months is fucking what happens at
thirty marriage a baby once I promise
when we're done reading the names I will
thank you for reminding me I will tell
you the kind of book guy story okay oh
that's right that's right
also bring back three rec beer I will
I'll check into that Marmara Lord bail
bond nineteen months in a row please
play the 7th guest this month telegin
twenty six fucking months in a row
confused child seven Justin harm and
twenty eight fucking months in a row sup
white beach 25 fucking once in a row
chef Abel yeah
grumbles J kid
Oh 813 months in a row first go Jones 26
months in a row
how many months fuckin twenty six
fucking months in a row
lost in Technicolor 27 fucking months in
a row subscribe to you longer than my
longest relationship kind of sad really
gonna find the right one something yeah
sure yeah sure what pantaloons Shaddam
Freud sad afraid up Shaddam Freud er I
think it's just shot afraid
I think it's not afraid of time but that
shadow shadow Adam you know Shaddam
hurled through haas actual house I think
in that house it's a German house house
I have words as a reader words purple
space bazooka 21 months in a row fucking
months in a row Jack how many months
fucking monster 21 fucking their lives
in a row oh I'm sorry I got the syntax
just perfect for you now verbal space
bazooka says hey guys thanks while the
hard work and general shenanigans glad
to be a part of this hat fraud you
recycle party who brought the unicycles
to the party probably the clowns oh I
forgot we'll talk about clone they get a
bad miss Halloween I get a bad rap we'll
talk about clown oh we're gonna talk
about clowns just this guy you know 22
fucking months in a row two more months
and then I'm seriously going to consider
trying to stand up like jack is always
saying that's true bring it to older
trust me yeah trust me
Dukey 69 Jolly nihilist
Lisa moist clam Lisa moist clam I like
that yeah pumpkin shoe three duck gently
uh-huh
baby Slayer one five six twenty five
fucking months in a row baby Slayer one
five six says thanks for all the fun you
hack frauds space jag 2084 space Texas
I just like to remind everyone of the
existence of pie
that's pie the dish by the dessert dish
not the mathematical maybe he meant
mathematical number but he knew he knew
intellectually that it was gonna be
typed out and then if he wrote like 3.14
he didn't know how to use the keyboard
to make a pie symbol I don't I'm gonna
make the pie symbol pi is P I is it oh
okay I'm when I think a pie I don't
think API I think of the two lines with
the whoop do up on top sure sure sure
the the two lines with the move down
yeah or didn't or did you say 3.1 maybe
he thought we were too dumb know what a
pie nope I was suppose they'll spell it
out like the food though there's a man
who knows pie
hey hey space Jack way to be a jerk more
like space jerk 2084 you know what I'm
saying
some O's lamb whoa
some Oh slam some zero slam or could
just be some old fence Li rip sumo slam
yeah maybe soo mostly sumo slammers what
they intended better I thought it would
you know what for some reason my mind
went exactly to a play on Son of Sam I
don't know why my mind went there so I
thought it was sumo slam a play on Son
of Sam stick my brain Freddie - yeah AHS
Mike twenty-one fucking months in a row
thanks for all the good times guys and
thanks for that whore rich got me only
one leg and a gamey arm but she
got the job done Cheers well rich that's
kids you give them with all your heart
don't really need the leg honestly yeah
honestly are Miller 14 months in a row
our Miller says hi lakyn 15 months in a
row
lakyn 47 months in a row crabby uncle
Abby Zhen Zhen Yu Zhen will Zhen Yu air
it's French
listen you yield and by the way we just
got a notification if we don't read your
name we're very sorry
while OBS crashed and we had to restart
three viewers Reece absque ribe Douai
litt crashed and had to restart I think
those listed above though I guess the
one flag izinski
one flask at Lynn flak ocinski says
9-1-1 was an inside joke whoa Wow
deep what's going down
9-1-1 is a joke in my town top ramens 20
fucking months in a row Top Ramen says
thanks for the new best of the worst
thanks rich they just said PLTW thanks
for the new bo t dibs w Laurel W be to
the tee dubs you catch that newbie to
the tee dubs he had dog
it was fresh off the hook for tizzy
shizzi but mine is e actually a
legitimate throat Claire okay grant
friend make some out of weird Joker
point great MC Lucas 28 fucking months
in a row MC Lucas's 28th fucking months
of crashes and technical fuck-ups over a
sub anyway I was trying to say about
Resident Evil that the rookie tank
controls are now option
so there's less bullshit that's nice
also if you have ps+ and it's free you
fox yeah I wasn't it wasn't really the
controls though I mean I'm the guy who
likes megaman legends and that that is
the ultimate controls like a tag game
Mega Man Legends is the worst I'm just
not a survival horror guy that's just
the worst megaman legends awesome it's
so oh yeah yeah like cuz I could play it
on my Vita it's like oh yeah this might
be found on my Vita ah I wanna I want to
say it was in development before Mario
64 is it old it's like one of the early
3d games
oh Jesus Christ it shows oh yeah and by
the way before I see some people there
is a new best of the worst that went up
today if you have not checked your
YouTube there is a new best of the worst
go watch best of the worst aah machine
gun funk machine gun funk Erebus and
aether that's a fun one old-school fool
joyfully sad joyfully sad says the cult
Rey runs the whole grain that's a gears
thing okay okay I don't remember a
specific quote about whole grain but who
knows dick v dick offense no no DK Finn
okay
deke 15 because there's two FS DK fibbin
alright great
sure now I'm 18 months in a row VX 1 3 5
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate how I was gonna say and
nobody else oh wait yeah you have a
comic book story now I'm build it up too
much okay but just a bit of trivia yeah
the the spider-man episode where I was
the kind of book shop owner yeah and
Mike and Jay shut me at the end of the
episode we're talking about possibly
bringing that character back later so I
had the idea I don't think we actually
did it though we brought me I think we
brought me back the same
anyway but I had the idea to film that
two different ways where one was just
them shooting me with like a toy gun
well I'm just sitting there like I'm
fine and they're just like delusional
right and that was it I mean it wasn't
it wasn't super huge was just a little
little fun thing but that's what they
ended up doing that's what we ended up
doing but I wanted to film it that day
because I knew like a year later or two
years when the amazing spider-man 2
would come out we would take that old
footage of them not killing me and do
the flashback wait but did you end up
filming that later or then or did we or
did you did we read maybe we did use
maybe we did actually film it I thought
we didn't film that for some reason but
maybe it isn't yeah we were gonna use at
a different time I think we might have
actually ended up reusing that for the
amazing spider-man 2 but I was gonna
come back sooner I just didn't oh sure
sure I guess they still had the footage
when they brought me back for the
amazing spider-man 2
so I started take that back I guess we
did use that footage I thought that I
was thinking that never got used yeah
because I was gonna come back I was
gonna be George Lucas's henchmen yeah
have a bookstore character in the
episode when George Lucas showed up for
the VCR stealing plot yeah but we never
did it that way that character didn't
come back then mm-hmm
like I said it's not super exciting it
was just we planned a flashback like
well in advance that that is shocking
knowing how you three usually what I put
the seat of our pants everything you had
to see to your pants oh that's great
that's actually great news
what a waste of time yeah I know you
know what you people can go suck
