Blundertale (More Undertale Part 1)
January 13, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nF5tzxYRem8

okay let's go yeah where's the the
controllers on the floor
Freddie oh and then you're the undertale
guy I was playing a lot of who's your
daddy
okay I'll be right here I'm gonna have
that every one time I just want to touch
the trackpad so it doesn't fall asleep
are we potentially watching the end of
prereq no no we if we make it big you're
watching the beginning of pre-write
we're just gonna be able by a larger
fucking TV on our end yep and I'm gonna
give less fucks about what I say far
less fucks will be given it'll be it'll
be kind of amazing really we'll do the
stream so it won't be sitting in like
luxury chairs and we'll have like suits
on and like a monocle yes I'll have a
monocle and you'll have like the top hat
okay what can I have a tiny top hat yes
I'll give you a tiny top hat if you have
you have well we'll be 1.3 billion
dollars you want to give away half of it
but but you know you I guess you'll only
be able to afford the smaller fancy dogs
who invest it properly what this isn't
working like I can move this but I can't
trace it's not work
I hope both my front USB ports aren't
fucked
yeah be Just Peachy and we would buy
some sick-ass gaming rigs yes
know what I would have I would have a
liquid nitrogen cooled PC just because
just because let's reset the game again
can we close undertale it should have
think it already closed it no makeup
it's it's we I think we have to restart
I think it's I don't know here we go
everything's fine
Planeta okay we're ready
it all Tonto
okay dr. Loe has worked before press to
or enter
well you might have confused to bite
okay apparently I just need to get
through the menu okay wait didn't we
beat this person already did we not say
we say play
I thought we beat this person he did did
we not say after this for some reason
was just like the last thing we did I
don't think so do you remember how to do
this oh yeah I think this was one of the
last things we did and I think I did it
okay
there take this the controller's not
working so I don't or maybe it is I
don't know
undyne attacks
oh they say we never beat her youface
there many times I've lost oh oh is that
what happened earlier we didn't win we
quit yeah I believe that
she went like this rich she shook her
hand a Jew
Laroy
they're saying try to run away if you
can
how do we do that we hit back from the
buttons just not work with the buttons
oh I pressed B maybe just a doesn't work
maybe just the buttons are all mixed and
messed up you have to literally run away
into the cave
well I have no background there's no
back button
I hit that hit a you did that yeah so a
is back how do we see them today
it's better can you go back oh sorry I
hit B instinctively
we might die that was a big trouble yeah
be be is is forward you're about to make
a burger for lunch any recommendations
as to what I should put on it I'm always
a big fan of a toasted bun with with
mayo for a burger for a burger toasted
bun it's their light mayo on it what
what I never having a burger because I
can't stand these things on a burger
this is why I usually order plain
because it's just easier yeah then
having it done right can't stand mustard
obviously everyone knows I can't stand
let's definitely don't like it on a bird
yeah yeah
ketchup belongs nowhere near cheese I
could be that I could be with you that
I'm never gains and cheese just
sickening and I don't like pickles or
relish I don't like the texture real
pickles I don't want to burn though I
like to know no get away from me keep it
away from me
Junaid is lettuce tomato mayo grilled
onions and possibly bacon
sure he's making a burger at home so I'm
just trying to get some grilled onions
grilled onions are fucking great fucking
great
we've just seen a burger Mayo salt
pepper boom that's it for me how are we
running oh I'm just gonna die
Oh bother saying last time we played
this you are at your wits end and ask
the chat what to do and they said flee
over and over so just keep trying to run
away no cheese real quick
cheese goes without saying that just
that's just a given
oh and you know what I just like you
know meat meat mayo bun toasted bun
toast your bun two patties two slices of
cheese some grilled onions some mayo
some lettuce and some tomatoes you have
to be red to flee oh okay great
exactly yeah chi Chi's kind of just
happens with a burger
I like Mayo I'm a big fan of mail mail
goes good on a lot of things here's
here's the secret of cheeseburgers the
most underrated ingredient the
cheeseburger is the bunt don't go cheap
on the bun don't go to the store and buy
just the cheapest possible bleached
white hamburger buns right buy yourself
a nice kaiser roll or if you're really
if you really feeling fancy the best
thing get some good French bread it's
probably not gonna be grocery store but
like you're a big French bread and all
shit any french bread any fresh bread
that won't get hard is a piece of shit
crusty you need that crutch yep like
Panera Bread or somewhere like that or a
real bakery I'll get some French bread
yeah and then you you cut that like you
would a sub sandwich really smaller and
you make it like a hamburger bottom yeah
that is the best bun you could have
what's a nice man he's talking he's
talking you listen and toasted I like I
like to toast it you know I adds extra
crunch it soaks up that juice for you
it's better to go cheaper with the
hamburger patty than it is with the
bunny now you're talking crazy no it's
not cows it's all County
you know it's all cow Marion I'm just
saying in level I'm saying just level of
importance if you could have a high
quality super lean sirloin patty and
like a White Castle bun see there's your
problem
your or you get the French bread and it
cheaper me you don't want the super lean
sirloin patty yeah I know you want your
6040 fat to meat ratio people make that
mistake
they think they think leader equals
better oh no it's the feather of Demeter
Laver when you leaner meat equals drier
yeah you got to find that balance
because if you get too fat it's just
gonna be sloppy and look this dusting
60-some you have some percentage that's
not super lean yeah I'm telling you six
sixty forty forty percent fat sixty
that's a lot of fat that's no that's the
ratio that you will find in the best
burgers I don't know if you can even
find something that fat at grocery store
that is a lot of fat that's perfectly
forty percent but I'm the fat stole a
good thing in this
it's normal 80/20 80/20 some nice Chuck
sixty-forty is just ridiculous you can't
find that make it happen make it happen
80/20 is the norm really 80/20 is the
norm go 70/30 then I like fat like fat
things enjoy fat food in the mouth
I'm saying that that bun is gonna give
you a huge upgrade in burger quality oh
absolutely absolutely
now I mean I it's quite possible I'm
wrong about the 60/40 thing everyone
seems to think I'm alone oh no oh good
you're right now
well okay
6040 is what they list as cause of death
oh and I could be wrong I could it's
better it's been a while cuz that you
know I don't need that much ground beef
anymore you said I used to have burgers
more often
jack is wronger about 60/40 than the
annuity versus lump sum watts settle
down
obviously we would get professional help
right away and obviously it just doesn't
matter because we're not gonna win and
that's the most important part dude dude
dude dude - thanks Dante for hosting
lump lump sum and veggie burger dick
neutral get out of here the veggie
burger you know what I do like to do
there are some tasty veggie burgers I
like to put a veggie burger on top of a
regular burger yeah cuz like that veggie
burgers usually have a lot of unique
flavors to put it on top of a regular
burger and then you got yourself
something I got it yeah soon as I can
yeah you guys have any guilty no no I
want to flee do you have any guilty
pleasure of fast food places obviously
what's considered a guilty pleasure or
something you're embarrassed about
something you know that's bad for you
which is all fast well I don't live
anywhere near it anymore either of these
plate there's two places that are just
okay Mickey zeros okay yeah back in the
south suburbs channel in oh fucking
great nobody know I always get the euros
there they just great burgers - uh-huh
is juicy as hell the Finn Patties but
they don't doubled up on him - but she
thinks cheese is great fucking hamburger
okay she's murdered and known as pizza
her Nana's n o n na okay
Oh God you used to be like $2.50 you got
a slice that was like a quarter of a
fucking pizza at a free drink
I thought that was the shit
you now read I mean I am a forever
sucker for McDonald's breakfast I love
McDonald's breakfast with a very real
passion whoa
but Taco Bell I mean I also love taco
bell I love a lot of food which is why
for a long time I had a weight problem
so that's the real thing
but now it's just out you know whatever
what I do have stay determined when I do
eat terribly now it's it's usually pizza
I love pizza
classic slice here in Milwaukee the best
beach ever there's this place near me
that has pork fries which is a a bucket
of french fries and on top of those
french fries is barbecued pulled pork
and on top of that is like this cheese
thing it's not even a sauce it's thicker
than a sauce and on top of that is bacon
and jalapenos and it's one of the most
delicious things ever it's an appetizer
it's meant to be like shared between
five people and I just ordered that and
eat that for dinner because it's too
delicious
I remember I remember we got a we have
to she has to swipe at us and then
that'll turn our heart red and then we
can run away and we started talking I
got distracted right
oh no and I'm telling the chat that
pulled pork booty it's kind of like both
a pulled pork routine yes and it's
amazing it's amazing if they told you
that you could only claim your lottery
winnings if you ate everything on the
menu at Pizza Hut in 24 hours would you
do it yeah I made a 1 duh of course
unless it was like under are you are you
allowed to throw up cuz it's my you know
I might not be physically possible
no I'd do it and I think I could do it
too
Pizza used to be my like pizza of choice
until I moved into a neighborhood that
had decent pizza places there we go you
got you got you here you got it
I remember as soon as you run away
fuckin run go go go nice nice nice okay
do I know what is AMA beats up menu now
I have not been to Pizza Hut in so long
because I live in a neighborhood with
three good pizza places
broom juice as drink choice I like you
know so I had this thing when my
children were babies yeah something that
was very important to me was trying all
of the baby food with them as we were
feeding them baby food you know if
you're gonna eat this all I want to know
what it tastes like - and obviously
grown up some babies tastebuds are very
different but it's just like what does
strained peas taste like oh yeah gross
but something I actually really enjoyed
was mashed prunes
like baby food Mashburn's like if they
would need it I just would because it
was so sweet it was great
so mashed prunes I give it a thumbs up
remember I said now run and just run
again yeah
and nice okay you know I don't think we
have any heal items and I'll actually
check if you have any items oh you have
a bandage
ain't 40% fat my beef and I eat mashed
prunes right just one of those things
there's some really gross stuff baby
food wise by the way it sucks to be a
baby yeah they don't have the taste buds
that I know that they don't have
anything they can't they can't form
coherent bodies they shit their pants it
says oh it's not everything about it
just sounds awful yeah being a baby
I really hope there isn't reincarnation
yeah oh oh
people are saying the pie oh you're
right it is the Powerball time it is the
time for the power ball's you get you
get that ready I'm getting that ready
I'm refreshing the page right now we'll
see if we won a billion dollars the
answer is no spoiler the answer's no
as you can imagine the page is having
some trouble loading I wonder I wonder
if anyone is checking this page right
now hmm like you know everyone in the
world winning number is one two three
four with the Powerball as six I hope
not because I jokingly want to do that I
mean you kind of have to write
I might have made it otherwise yeah but
as it is
okay
now the first five can be in any order
but do they have to be in the right
order our community I don't know these
things
yeah I can be in any order I never play
the lottery because I know statistics oh
yeah I know math it's a dumb you never
ever play them I know math literally we
only played because someone gave us the
money to play and said please play come
on Powerball dot-com 1.5 billion yes
it's absolutely hiring I thought it was
yeah I'm nine hundred and thirty million
cash value that ain't nothing that ain't
nothing to bargain
ding-ding-ding
hola we're checking ladder numbers
we're loitering
okay just in winning Powerball numbers
are 4 8 19 27 34 with the Powerball of
10 so far we have no power balls out of
10 so we didn't win the jackpot no
matter what let's see if we want
anything my guess is we won nothing and
that's you know what we should be ok
with it it's my money damn it it's my
money all of it was your money I don't
think we want anything and I think we
want anything oh my god we won nothing
as it turns out we did what a twist
what a what a shocking twist this is
both shocking and surprising here's the
thing though
for like a buck we got to talk about
what we were going to do with the money
back for a few hours that's true
for a buck that's true we had some nice
back-and-forth we had a little nudity
versus catch some discussion that was
great yeah that was you know what that
was great times oh shit oh that's okay
did you make it in the cave no no
because I'm just talking no correct
thing to do is diet
and try again okay because I made zero
progress in all of that I'm so sorry we
got two numbers there does that give us
anything
no the the least amount with no
Powerball is three out of five if you
get three out of five numbers you get
seven dollars Oh
so that's what I'm looking for now oh I
got one here that's two out of five but
no Powerball so that doesn't help us
yeah
come on I want this one to do because
they give it to you in like a miracle
order rich just kill her they're saying
just kill her yep I mean you don't have
to listen to them no I'm not going to
you don't have to
you could dude frequently when possible
except in FTL
I tend to take pacifist options in games
yeah that's fair oh and other people are
saying don't kill her I mean we've been
playing this whole thing pacifist yeah
so I say continue pacifism we didn't we
didn't win shit I don't have to pay
attention to what's going on and ignore
everything else here's a Power Ball card
we didn't we didn't waste your cash
value zero 1/100 of a cent cash value
negative negative I guess we have to
continue on with our with our lives as
they are
oh how sad
what's four out of five if you get four
out of five yeah you get $100 but if you
get four out of five with the Powerball
it's 50,000
Wow that's pretty nice and if you get
five out of five with no power balls you
get a million dollars independent of
what the jackpot is yep and then five
out of five with the Powerball is the
jackpot yeah well there you go
well there you go
we'll sign them and sell them on eBay
for 50 bucks there you go
now you're talking
what do they usually know if somebody
wanted well in their computer system I
can only imagine Maine Owens right right
when do they announce it they probably
want to be verified double-check some
stuff this time I ran soon enough great
basically we just wait for like the news
outlets to start freaking out it's in
Tennessee the winner was Osama bin Laden
what it's not the real Osama bin Laden
just a really unfortunate
here's the thing what if it was the real
Osama bin Laden do they give him 1.5
billion dollars he's a criminal they say
you have to come here to collect it in
person literally the entirety of
Powerball has all been a giant has been
a decade-long ruse in order to catch
terrorists I love it
love it
oh damn
someone won nine hundred dollars from
the lotto great congratulations my
friend spent around two hundred and
eighty dollars and made 82 oh man the
lottery is full scam
suckers any sort of gambling the the
deck is stacked against you it's it's a
it's a terrible thing gambling at all
it's your year it's more worth your time
to not give your money to Institute's
like that obviously this we haven't all
fun we got a little entertainment out of
it gambling not good for you nice
days in lire says I want $50,000
congratulations great what are you doing
here still go collect oh wait did you
win fifty thousand does now or just like
years ago either way congratulations
one in 292 point two million that is the
odds of winning Oh God that was crazy
I hate this fight yep
Oh Drazen said oh you want it on fear
factor oh cool I think fear factors that
you have better odds and fear factor
than in the lottery I think about one
playing this game and he weren't you
want to kill her I want to get health
items okay is there a shop around yeah
back it might be a shop how can I not go
yeah he got caught on the British for
some reason er he see whatever it is it
got caught up on the bridge whatever we
are whatever we are right we did funny
voices what no one's been talking I know
so I know once someone is that oh oh you
have to go back through this bullshit
maze thing
oh wait I did fight whoops
yeah I never understood that about fear
factor like the whole eating gross
things you know cuz that was usually the
thing as like a some sort of feat of
strength eating gross things and then
you know another feat of strength right
yeah so the evening gross things to me
that being all enough and stuff like
you'd see someone eat like a couple
bites of a horse penis and then give up
just like what listen once you have one
bite of a horse penis you're kind of all
in there's no uh needing that bite of
horses just keep eating the rest of the
horse penis you know yeah
you've signed up for this okay oh you're
playing oh wow how did that happen oh so
it's just the a and B mixed up is that
to attempt I don't planning on having a
stream Fredro that dragon cancer and
everyone just cries for four hours oh I
know I've heard I've heard heartbreaking
things about that game federal taxes
forty percent you take home about five
hundred and fifty million from the 1.5
billion if you took the lump sum no no
well you sure cuz if you took the lump
sum you're actually taking home nine
hundred and thirty
government taxes then fed then fit then
taxes yeah
they still say that if you invest that
wisely you would get riches just on his
period what am i doing that you don't
like today what am I doing wrong I got
frustrated in a fight and undertale I
had fun playing uh who's your daddy
because I'm not bouncing off the walls
tonight apparently not but see that's
the thing like you'd only have 550
million that's my thing you only have
listen rich has been busy all day
packing up space cop stuff
Tiberius Kirk says then you pay taxes on
the income you make from your
investments so you're paying taxes twice
on that shit while the annuity is
tax-free income right but I'm not a
young man anymore that's net makes it
even better
it means it's definitely gonna last you
the rest of your life yeah but it's not
just about me I got babies to worry
about I imagine they'd have to give you
the rest or someone that can't be right
I believe that is correct that can't be
right
I believe that is correct I don't know
so that nine hundred million isn't with
tax already deducted no no that's why
you don't take the lump sum you can
double fucked
you're not you're not looking to go help
oceans you're looking to stick this one
out no that's fine that's fine
trainer you just see what happens
I have no problem with that except they
think the game is just too hard which it
isn't when did I ever call the game too
hard I wanted to get a more and more
health potions because I'm having
trouble with her attacks because we keep
losing to her so we were hoping Wow
everyone's just everyone's just catty
everyone's you know why because they
didn't win the Powerball they everyone
just discovered that they didn't win the
Powerball so what are we talking about
that's super exciting Jack our ball did
you have you read Batman versus an
economist or ever is you two just came
out yeah it's pretty good maybe I'll
look into it what it's done in a trade
paperback yeah that's a good idea
it's pretty good I'll tell you who are
they fighting in issue 2 also like
they're fighting Batman
so like the turtles the shredder and the
foot Master Splinter are in Gotham City
and Batman is trying to figure out
what's going on has he met the Turtles
yet and what was his reaction he met
them briefly and they fought for a
little bit in issue 2 which was awesome
how did that work out right I'm not
saying and shredder is tossing the
penguin around like he know which is
great well yeah he's great
what you cut work what kind of nobody is
that I guess it's no continuity oh yeah
this is just in my turtles world the
ship the shredder got the tech
decapitated a long time ago
and I want to fight
Undine
okay Jesus Christ heal guys we have one
heal item and I use it this is why we're
having trouble what are the other items
you have try healing good let's see what
we have here okay tough glove Astro food
maybe Trent Oh your HP was maxed out
you just need to figure out how to make
her swipe at you this controller is also
to blam use the arrow keys the keyboard
do I think I actually want that okay ten
flags that fax that only heals like one
HP or something ridiculous there right
oh yeah
pleading with her now I don't want to
fight but nothing happened
but I'm determined to nice
come on
too easy yeah here text too easy wait
you're making her speed up yeah you're
the one who's having trouble with it
you're making your speed up well I'm I'm
trying to make her do something so she
so she flicks me with her spear you know
I want to fight but I think heaven
well that was predictable
dammit that was predictable damn it how
do you get her to stop and swipe the
other thing you have to just keep doing
her fighting her again and again and
again I always plead challenge makes her
speed up yeah but I think that also
makes her swipe at you faster Hey you
keep doing you keep doing that I just
have to wait no matter what oh okay I
don't know how this game works I don't
know about this game can't blame him for
fried something he was trying to figure
the game out it's a valiant effort you
know why because we're losing trying to
figure the game out because we're losing
stood on a one predicts no progress from
this point that's fair
by the way Rich's hair is getting
desperate wow that's nice well it's also
on the green screen it probably looks
worse than it does in real life you've
been working all day
I'll just keep pleading that I want to
fight
too bad
read I wanna fight
now I fight
rich your hair is fine don't listen yes
my hair hasn't been fine for years now I
started losing at my early 20s it's just
life is cruel sometimes you you know you
know you at leas pull off the bald mark
because your head isn't round you'll
have to make a decision one day rich see
like I've been pleading with her for so
long and nothing's happened I have very
few options you know you know I can't go
bald you know that regardless of me look
grab regardless of that what do we do on
camera for both ball for both well that
would look weird yes well you know what
people would turn on our show and they
would think what is this if something to
do with a cult ha ha ha ha we could wear
matching outfits then - that would be
awesome
would they be like silver with some kind
of just goofy ass logo yeah this is
what's happening this is exactly what's
happening oh no I didn't want to take oh
I'm sorry you didn't
I accidentally attack
okay I don't want to fight
okay
which you have to start wearing glasses
for what I don't need them it's not like
I'm a contact guide
I just never needed live good eyes and
just shit hair and I'd like to look
normal not like a sex pervert with with
the balding and glasses and me in my
face uh-huh I would look like a sex
pervert you ever see that rich Evans and
Valentin I would look like that it's a
night for me Jack it's not for me
all right I have some healing items okay
Astro food my HP is maxed out
and I want to fight
people are trying to make feel better
still commenting about be losing weight
lose weight actually you know what's
problem with that us right now
winner hey Tammy I can't leave the
exercising I've been doing to lose
weight I'm kind of fun it's actually
very difficult to ride your bike in the
snow
yes so I am going to probably gain
weight for two or three months you got
to cut back on the calorie yeah I got a
good now you got to concentrate on a
diet good work this is the keyboard as
you can tell way more up on it
I want to fight
it smells like sushi okay
come on come on I want to fight stop
fighting me I'm sorry it's so fucking
fast I know it's so fucking fast kid
subjecting yourself to the cold to
increase his calorie burn dreads true
that's true
no we got you got a now and now we gotta
concentrate on diet fiber high fiber low
calorie high protein no carbs cut out
the sugar cut out the sugar cut out cut
out the snacks I think rich needs a
bowler hat I don't think that would work
for me probably not you know what I
would look like a jerk I would look like
a smug jerk
I think I told the story once like like
10 15 years ago at the store mm-hmm I
saw this fedora which I think
technically might actually be like a
trilby I'm not sure what the difference
is but I got the short brim yeah this is
before hipsters were thing so that I'll
be kind of need like I bought it and I
put it on within the mirror when I got
home and I'm like oh I look like an
asshole
and I never wore it after that yeah this
is my first thought I've looked in the
mirror oh I look like an asshole you
know those have I mean they're kind of
there are girls there they're very
popular and I have no idea why they're
popular they serve no purpose because
the brim isn't wide enough to give you
in shade well why do people wear them
back in the day to be finishing me no
you know we're just fashion thing
fashions of weird
I'll never understand it
see if do this a lot
Hey I moved out of the way of that sure
you jerk yeah swipe it me again that's
fine okay oh man an atheist wearing a
hat is like a horrible statement I don't
sure whatever cuz like a this yeah like
they're fine but you get one of those
guys in a hat fuck what remember
remember Jack outspoken atheist are
assholes
but missionaries are God's soldiers true
they're also no limit soldiers I wanna
fight
that's right
then I don't want to fight
rich say kylo Ren Mei please kylo Ren
make her goodness hello and mate it was
like Tarzan talk word storm for Brooke
his shield kylo Ren make in case Jedi
show up all right I mean it's very good
when was the fight choreographer for
space Scott yes he was we did that when
he was out here for the that's the worst
yeah
and he was great he was great at it all
right face cop mostly shoots at things
but there is one scene that's with some
punching and kicking
let me go back
a controller and just hit the the a
button I don't know how to do it on here
that's why I was fuckin up a bunch of
earlier do it on the controller okay
I got this rich I totally got this rich
why don't you love me how do you know I
don't that's a fair question that's a
fair question that is a fair answer yeah
Sallah Blake says please don't fuck up
jack
I am really trying not to
I don't know where to look to find that
do you have that up on here or such a
stone oh I'm one three finger three
fingers fight between okay okay
and I don't know if we missed this one
save drew said please fucking heal god
dammit this this would never go that way
okay anonymous is Congrats on this space
cop guys
I started making movies myself but it's
incredibly hard yes it is
mad respect how do you keep up the good
mood in such a stressing job sometimes I
want to jump off the window yes
sometimes you want to jump out of the
window that's there's sometimes you
can't keep up the good mood and
sometimes you have to just work your way
through the slog mmm it's been it's been
six months and I'm still doing this and
in progress it's so slow
is he hitting at yeah you know there are
good days in there bad days you know the
so the question is like how do you get
through the bad day to the good day
and I think the answer is insanity
gumption sure very impressed very very
impressed how do I get back to the three
in this white belly
