Darkborne 3: Souls of the Blood (part 2)
April 18, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pFoKyb09nsM

hands down my favorite wrestling
personality Bobby the brain Heenan hmm
and I never got any of it into any of
the later WWE stuff I never really saw
much of the rock or stone cold
mmm I've no opinion there something's
happening here something is going to
happen here rich has to read what
ultimate warrior said about Bobby Heenan
and how he deserved cancer warrior is a
fucking idiot it was an idiot when he
was in wrestling there's an idiot
afterwards he's just an idiot nice ok ok
ok we're gonna get the old sword out
this is this is kind of a sword
situation here that tree has testicles
just putting that out there and he is
walking his testicles
to award me
so I'm gonna hit him in the testicles
and okay yep yeah I mean I guess I
didn't know what to expect
I'll wait till after this battle to read
those donations just a subject fully
concentrate
what
No
I don't know
great
don't sit on me he said him you can only
hit him in the testicles I'm not judging
look at it and you can only hit him in
the testicles or it doesn't count this
is um the IIE approve is I guess what
I'm saying Jack I think you should go
full dominatrix and use the whip it's
not equipped I'm gonna hit him in the
testicles with my big dumb club fuck
fuck fuck end it
Wow Wow
loner Archon says speaking of wrestling
you still do have WWE 2k16 on Steam rich
the plan with wrestling games is to wait
till Josh was free first stream Josh
likes wrestling yeah Josh watches MIT
wrestling now so that's a someday
sorry Shen says tip of the day for
Richard check and mr. guy manly guy men
heart emoji thing not sure what to put
here today um here's towards the NX fund
question mark syrup oh sure the the
unannounced the earthy yet to be
revealed next to Nintendo console oh
yeah yeah already so much so much for
seeing the new Zelda on the Wii U so
much for that tired and sad says hey
rich what do you think save more lives
zack snyder's new permits zack snyder's
Snooper man I was gonna say Snooper man
because I'm weirdo zack snyder's
Superman or Gareth Edwards Godzilla I'm
sorry say that you saved more lives
Superman or Godzilla
probably technically Superman yeah
no no 100% technic because in Man of
Steel Zod wanted to kill all humans
yeah so technically the question is who
had more collateral damage doing it I
think that's a legitimate question
that's a really good question and
Godzilla
I missed they were like in the process
of evacuating weren't they yeah they
make they make a big deal in those
movies about like evacuating the
citizens okay that's like that classic
shot of all the people running away like
get out of here Godzilla's coming to
town like they make a big deal out of
getting the civilians out in the old
Godzilla movies so Superman probably
killed more people in the process of
being a hero oh you're behind me
and there's a problem when you're
comparing Superman to Godzilla and
you're not sure I'm sure with the bigger
hero is well you know one's a horrible
monster and one's a radioactive lizard
that was that I mean everyone saw that
joke come with mile away but I still did
it
maybe that club sucks check I know it
does suck but I love it
he just wants to hit somebody in the
balls with a club let the man hit
somebody in the balls
well I'll switch to the sword when I get
to the tree nuts first okay this beers
got to kill those guys and then I hide
here and then more guys coming this
booze killed those guys tired sad says
has your opinion about a comedian ever
changed when you find out about their
politics like say a Dennis Miller
comedian just has to be funny yeah as
long as you're funny Dennis like Dennis
Miller always had an unusual stick to me
he was I think he was really good I
think it worked for Weekend Update
okay yeah this way this works for
Weekend Update but like his stand-up
never quite gelled right with me and
then you find out he's a unless your
politics are I support Hitler I don't I
don't think being on the opposite end of
the political spectrum from me makes you
a horrible person right
god this club sucks but it
almost
surprise there's not a shortcut there
might be a shortcut and maybe I missed
it I don't think I went this way what I
know it's time to stand up but I'm
running fuck
can't run there fuck the monsters Rob
bear Trump says speaking of guns Allah
and either of you seen the trailer for
the new Japanese Godzilla movie from the
original studio Toho looks interesting
question mark have not seen it can't
comment oh yeah that looks fun looks
like a lot of fun you know I still I
have not seen the Bryan Cranston
Godzilla so what we're gonna deal that
they have with with with Toho with if
Toho can still make Godzilla movies fall
it was a universal I don't know who's
making the new I know and pay attention
to things because whatever right I find
that interesting
that's how I was making one yeah III
just don't think they care like yeah
sure make you guys are you gonna pay us
money great we're still gonna make our
Godzilla movies Warner Brothers okay
nonnamous says force awakens is about an
escape black slave who in the end get
slashed across his back by his former
slave master what do they call that
explain a film plot badly I like that I
like that that's really funny the and
then I think the important thing to take
away from that though is that he stood
up to his former master that's right he
got struck down for it but he wasn't
willing to be the slave that's right
there's a lesson
your party measures and says give those
ashes you picked up to the shopkeeper
and Firelink shrine yeah I see that
mr. swag the shrine hand made him will
prepare new items and I was that's what
I was looking at because I just picked
up something and I wonder what it does
okay
all right let's move on obviously I'm
not gonna win against tree nuts over
here but we're gonna try okay are they
well I'd die if I go over there probably
I won't
I won't just looking for a shortcut
it's gotta be a shortcut can cash us
what's your name FN 287 your name is
Toby that's kind of sure my name is Finn
you are fn-2187 my name is Finn you are
technically though it's what's-his-face
the pilot guy what's the foot what's his
freakin to pole vote
Poe Dameron just chooses to rename him
yeah but he's okay with it
oh okay he doesn't just arbitrarily and
he asked him know Kunta Kinte your name
is your name is Finn now okay no no he
didn't say he he said he said I'm gonna
call you Finn is that okay
did he yep okay is that he said is that
okay is that all right with in he's like
Finn all right yeah I'm cool with Finn
so then somebody was conscious of that
hopefully
what hey well oh that's a new one that's
a new one oh so no I know it's available
now for home watching I haven't bothered
to watch because I don't I really don't
care that much right
I have I just watched it recently that's
why I know the important thing is yeah
when does ash vs. Evil Dead easy to stop
that's the important thing that's what
I'm hyped about right I don't know are
they getting a second season they've
renewed it before the first season
started airing okay so I would assume
yes I didn't hear that
and to put away my club because it's a
shit damage I need to find I need to
find a shortcut
ash vs. boring Oh blow it out your ass I
just don't like how it ended I think it
had a lot of strengths going for it but
you know weak in some areas and overall
there's fine I can't say I'm like pining
for new ones though you know I know Lee
Majors is gonna be able to do season so
the million dollar man is playing Ash's
father really yeah that's funny Ted
Rama's gonna be in him that's been
confirmed
this guy is a rock this guy uses a big
ol pot he's a big pot you know what I
think that's probably better than the
song got shot I like that well I have
very little health and I'm just hoping
to find and that was a fine use of
throwing assuring me Jack I I approve oh
I got an Estus flask from him I think
yeah you just get those randomly
hello a musician oh oh okay okay okay
okay up there
yeah yeah turn says says tired and sad
says rich the Masters of the Universe
commentary track is great so do you
still feel raise and Mary Sue and does
Jack still think she isn't did you ever
say she was made to because I'm pretty
sure you said you don't want to champion
that that's just right no no no she
wasn't
I said she wasn't to Mary Sue at first I
was like oh there's a couple things that
don't quite jell right I built I think
both of our consensus was it doesn't
matter in the Star Wars universe because
there's wizards I think that was our
general consensus but my consensus is
and I haven't rewatched the movie to
analyze whether or not she was
definitely a Mary Sue I think she kind
of is and I don't really care I think I
think the context of a action-adventure
film with black and white morality
probably not the most important thing
might not really met her if she's a Mary
Sue
yeah it doesn't matter that is I think
all of her talents are all of her
talents except for one there is no the
one and we we went through this on
stream there is no direct way that she
knows about controlling people's mind
with the force everything else there is
a clear link shown in the movie why she
has these talents right and of course
she's a space wizard so they're all
they're all elevated because of space
wizard free except for controlling
people's mind that comes out of nowhere
but she has that little back and forth
with kylo Ren where she starts learning
stuff about kylo Ren when he's trying to
probe into her mind and she probes back
so yeah she might have seen today but it
doesn't show it look Luke learned
everything he needs to know about being
a Jedi like like you spent a day with
Yoda yep he had a day trip on Dagobah
then he left early to go have a
lightsaber fight with Darth Vader mm-hmm
and he learned absolutely everything and
no one said a word Finn who is a a
janitorial stormtrooper yet somehow
manages to like fire guns in a starship
with amazing accuracy nobody says
anything about Finn I'm assuming he had
some military training huh he was he was
probably never the best of his class but
I presume Finn had some ability they
they literally have a line in the movie
where Finn and Poe like were posed like
do you know how to fire these guns or do
you know how to fire blasters or can you
fire these and and Finn goes only
blasters you know why he's never fired
the big cannon sure yeah sure and but
but he does a really good job at finding
it I get my point is no one mentions
that so there there might be some there
might be some inherent sexism in calling
way I'm air you see I think a lot of the
bitching about her being a Mary Sue yeah
I think people really want to hate the
movie yeah
there's a lot of people I mean
I'm totally neutral I mean I do not give
a shit if it's great I or horrible like
I had no real stake in the matter before
seeing the movie uh-huh
I you know I I it was terrible that'll
be that'd be great from our perspective
ha ha ha ha that would be actually yeah
and I thought the end result was just
kind of it's alright it's okay yeah I
really like it I really like it still
I've seen some people will Chad ask you
know a Mary Sue it's kind of just a
character who's perfect at everything
they do yeah and all of the other
characters like them very much they're
introduced to do a pre-existing universe
it's something that exists mostly I
think it like fan works it started off
as a fan fiction term we're like the the
example that I read is like you you
write yourself into the Harry Potter
universe and all of a sudden you're the
best wizard and Harry Potter and
Hermione and Ron Weasley love you
immediately after meeting you and you're
their best friend and you're also the
best wizard and the best at everything
yeah
so if Rey is a Mary Shue Mary Sue I
don't think she's an extreme case no
but b-dog oxygen says she isn't very
good at having a family that gives a
shit about octo Jay for the win
great that's great
wouldn't that sort of make you young
anakin to marry soon he just knows how
to fix shit yeah yeah yeah he's a very
soon well and see that's that's where
some of the MarySue backlash is coming
against and and I I can see it'll be
rats is you know this Mary Sue thing
came up i I think there is some sexism
involved in this because no one has ever
said this about any other movie and all
of a sudden we have we have a strong
female protagonist I don't think it's
sexism I think it's the strong opinions
one way or the other thoughts Star Wars
I think it's both there's some people
who are looking for reasons to hate this
movie because it be either through
bitterness or because it didn't live up
to expectations it wasn't as
mind-blowing as they wanted it to be and
they're looking for a reason to say why
it was shit in their minds and that
could be I think that's a part of it I
just got a new thing she's got a new
thing I guess I'll get rid of the club
is this a fist oh fuck yeah oh fuck yeah
look at this rich just punching bitches
now we're talking now we are
motherfucking talking
it's locked oh I'm gonna put your rat
Chadd regards your SP about Star Trek
and scrolled up so I can't read the
specific wording I'm hoping the new show
will be good I still don't know much
about what they're gonna do I've heard
they're gonna do some weird anthology
thing I know if that's just rumor that
sounds kind of silly every season is
gonna be like a its own thing oh yeah
you said that I like I and we talked
about big wreck I don't know I don't
know as far as the movie Star Trek
beyond I'm not really excited at all
that's a nice wrap big big right running
away oh yeah with your health you should
definitely run away can I burn the rat
with fire cuz I really want to burn the
rat with fire Poe Dameron is way more of
a Mary Sue I gotta say when that came
out I at one point I described Poe as a
good character uh-huh I'm gonna I'm
gonna clarify and tone that down a bit
okay I wish I didn't use that wording
good character yeah he's not a good
character he's barely a character at all
he's the best fighter who is likable
just for the one scene where he was
helpless against kylo Ren he was he was
an underdog when he's getting his brain
probe and that instantly made him kind
of likable in my book but now he's not
an especially good character one way or
the other he's he's barely a character
at all he shows up and he flies his ship
yep so that's that's something I regret
that that wording oh okay I did not know
you calls him a good character you know
he's he's likable he's great he's
likable just for that scene he's at the
whims of a magic wielding monster and I
love I love the the escape sequence with
him and Finn and you know like he's just
so excitable it's great it's fun you
know what the whole it's a fun movie
giant okay what did I get from the giant
rat I got a ring but just just that
power imbalance in that one scene
instantly made him somebody you could
easily root for
okay I guess I can do some bleed
resistance
was i bleeding before I mean what's he
in like like half a percent of the movie
oh really
right
it's cute cute movie he's got maybe
generously maybe three minutes of screen
time where he's not flying a ship
shooting things that you use basically
he's basically just in the very early
parts of the movie I'm trying to he's in
the very early he's a little he's in the
then he just shows up to be the guy
who's shooting at things and then he's
shooting at things he's got a like a
tiny little scene in the in the room in
the room you know a scene in the room oh
oh good good I found a shortcut great
rhyme Vader twelve TSA's rich curious
about the new preacher show and hearing
you praised it I read all the comics
love them not excited about the show
anymore
yeah I'm not I'm not excited either of
that one that one trailer I saw for it
left me the opposite of hyped it seemed
like we're hitting things wrong right if
he just hangs around that town as the
preacher for the whole series well fuck
that right that's that preacher you
gotta keep the budget got to keep the
budget tired and sad says what are your
thoughts on why Kevin Smith is now hated
by the fans oh wait we got it we had a
stand-up thing awhile ago
I'm gonna finish reading the how do you
feel about him being hated by the fans
though what fans the fans okay oh it's a
shame and it's also good I I don't pay
enough attention to Kevin Smith to
really know what's going on with people
hating him or not hating them I I don't
know if you're talking about WB fans
since he he's a huge
DC person and he he said he doesn't like
the the prequels there the the Batman vs
Superman sometimes some somebody's in
the spotlight long enough you just get
tired of that that might be part of it
too but don't stop watching previously
recorded Tim salmon says Jack did you
ever check out the nest puzzle game Fire
and Ice also can't characters sometimes
be naturally good at something without a
setup doesn't that make their um it
doesn't that make up their characters to
bed yeah but when Barry soo is good at
everything and loved by everyone and in
a stupid action adventure film I'm not
sure it's a deal-breaker either so
whatever
we'll be back in two minutes I'm gonna
turn around look at guy manly
okay and we have balance to the universe
we stood up to do something healthy and
I got a beer so a little bout a little a
little healthy and a little unhealthy
who does she have the best ball sex she
has the best ball sack turn our stand up
timer back on great
stand up timer back on she's a neo brain
I want to say if it's a guy they call it
a berry Lou but I don't know if that is
true I cannot I can neither confirm nor
deny that it is called a berry Lou what
is this thing
what are you there's a nightmare fog but
I can't go through it
but it doesn't matter it doesn't matter
it's a movie with space wizards hey
neat oh I need to have extra night
shower to reinforce my cool ass fist we
ghetto a Gary Stu says fruit by the
magician it's called the Gary Stu if it
is a man
I personally rich and I have a couple
hours into Dark Souls 3 I still prefer
blood-borne I like the weapons
I like the combat a little bit better I
like the switching from the different
weapon things I like the John the trick
weapon the trick weapons I like the gun
the guns really cool yeah and I like the
world overall better I will say that
yeah I like the world overall better
this is fine and you know it's it's a
from software game you know exactly what
you're getting into
it's fine it didn't draw me in like
blood-borne through man and and maybe
and made a problem part of that's
probably just because blood-borne was my
you know it's my first you always love
you first
that's what they say and because it was
my first from software game it's fucking
with me a little bit good bolts
I could buy boots from her how much is
bullets rich how does your coveting ass
cub hating ass feel that the Cubs are
winning and the White Sox are losing
last I heard both teams are doing pretty
good Sox were like 5 and 2 and the Cubs
were five and one last I heard that was
just a few days ago oh so you're just
wrong it's ok I guess that kind of makes
you a dickhead
dickhead
tired and sad says hey rich I should
have added that Kevin Smith has spent
the last couple weeks backtracking and
saying that he actually really liked
Batman and Superman because it featured
parademons look Kevin Smith is a fanboy
and he's gonna have dumb opinions
because something has his favorite logo
on it deal with it does that mean he's a
terrible person no and you'd be
entertaining though I gotta say his
friend Jason Mewes is just a piece of
shit
yeah yeah I saw them both speak
somewhere once okay and Kevin Muse is
just an unlikable dirtbag Jason Mewes
Jason Mewes Jason Mewes unlikable
dirtbag no I know he had he had issues
with substance abuse and an unlikable
dirtbag that's all I know
we can join a covenant rich do we want
to join the warrior of sunlight or the
way of blue you're just gonna nuke this
game then this isn't my game yeah so you
do whatever the fuck you want in
charcoal or a dark spirit threatens them
a blue spirit will grant them assistance
and help them root out the invader I
know nothing I know nothing about
nothing I'm not I'm not invested enough
in Kevin Smith to care whether or not he
like Batman vs Superman Chet you would
like Batman vs Superman even I don't
like it that's just my opinion it's true
but if you like it I'm not gonna hate
you you go ahead and like it like what
you want you go ahead and you can like
fire watch you you can hate stardew
valley yeah you can do these things and
we can be friends we can still be
friends this is I just wanted this glove
and even like the Cubs whoa no I feel
sorry for you because it's been over a
hundred years since they've done
anything worth talking about the Cubs oh
man rich the only thing that Cubs have
done noteworthy in the last 100 years is
they ruin one of their fans lives when
they blamed him after they lost a
playoff game that's the most noteworthy
thing that's happened to the Cubs in the
last 100 years is that really true yeah
Steve Bartman okay there was a foul ball
head the Cubs player caught it it could
have been out but see Bart was like in
the front row on the fall side what
about a fall ball Rachelle's glove
caught the ball okay what about an out
it wasn't an hour so the inning was
still alive
and then even though the other team
still had to get five more hits to score
enough points to win everyone started
pointing the finger there's one fan in
the stands who caught one fall ball that
shouldn't have mattered the Cubs should
have gotten the next out because one of
their players led an easy ground ball go
leg through their legs and even though
the Cubs failed hard the blame got
shifted to this fan had to leave town he
lives in a different City now was a huge
Cubs fan possibly still is that was what
I was first starting then to get into
baseball and that's part of the reason
why I hate the Cubs okay I think that's
fair rich just called runs points fan
card revoked
that's what I would have called them I
know they're called runs Jesus Christ
Jesus Christ Jesus hi Jesus Mary hold a
Saints and Auto prefer flagon on one
side of town you had two Cubs who were a
very good team that kept losing what it
really mattered and they like to blame
other people and other people on the
team and fans and I know one one week
when they weren't doing good is because
they didn't have a left-handed batting
product practice pitcher that got blamed
once for why they were doing bad on the
other side of town he had the white sox
who had a team that wasn't expected to
do anything it wasn't expected to win
they were expected to fail hard and they
kept winning games they eventually won a
World Series that was really fun here
nice watch likable people winning games
with a manager I had a lot of
personality yeah that sounds like a
great idea that sounds like a lot of fun
like I could have got a Cubs fan but the
Cubs shot themselves in the fucking foot
like they always do because of the
fucking Cubs finding ways to lose since
1918 make the weight no good no 1907
Jesus Christ what a bunch of fucking
losers this there's this there's this
one seat in Wrigley Field they still
sell tickets for right okay that's a
chair and in front of the chair like
right here is a steel beam that's about
two feet wide I've seen it okay they
sell that seat to people because the
Cubs are a horrible organization
Oh dick blood I just want to punch him I
know like I'm not doing great with this
glove but I just want to
burn that undead bone shard I have visit
several I'm working out the pairing so I
just have this glove and I just want to
punch people with it okay dr. Gunther
hooter hacker says hey guys I was gonna
buy the witness in Battlefront thanks
very much for saving me some money
here's your 12% hey Battlefront leftover
beefcake says here's five dollars from a
prereq fanboy I will slavishly buy
anything with your logo on it alright
well we're gonna be coming out with a
new Ferrari next next month right
absolutely the prereq branded Ferrari
how do I feel about Moneyball it's a fun
book if you love baseball statistics it
really is if your nerd it's a it's a
great book dark souls fan forever
soz for crying out loud guys just give
me the controller already and let me do
this you're not having fun correctly I
feel personally obligated to show you
how to enjoy this game lol fuck my cock
like he says that as I that was perfect
timing oh yeah this is this is a dumb
weapon but I you know I love it I got my
crossbow okay okay okay it's time to get
serious
mmm we gotta go take a treat rich do you
want to play tonight do you wanna play
right now I'm fine okay are you done huh
are you done I mean I can be done I'm
fine I don't I don't have to keep
playing I just don't want to hog good
the control I'm fine cuz obviously I can
play this when I get home and we don't
know if you can yet you know here's the
thing okay right yeah if I can't then
it's just gonna be depressing cuz I'll
have a taste of it that's true if I can
if the patch did work then I'll be able
to play it whenever it doesn't matter
anyway so okay fail fail
going up against tree nuts and I'm
failing against the rats rich ass
professional movie critic actor artist
and game critic and intrapreneur all
these things what can you what can you
tell the young people of the day who
want to make their dreams come true
don't even don't even bother trying it's
just just find that the first safe job
you could find and just stick with the
grind until you're old enough to retire
which really at this rate it'll be like
75 before you can collect Social
Security because you know I am really
extremely lucky I mean extremely lucky
and it's just it's just it's just
foolish to pursue your dreams because
the odds of you making it they're
astronomical you're going to feel most
likely most likely you're gonna fail
it's better I've never tried is what I'm
saying you appreciate that one extra
year where you can you know barely save
a few extra hundred dollars you'll need
that later on when things get really bad
it's good advice on unflinchingly as far
as reaching your dreams goes I've
usually found that that that advice
never needs to be given for those who
are really going for it because you know
you're that type of person and you know
if you're that type person who is
willing to sacrifice stuff and that
sacrifice might just be your time it
might be your money it might be your
sanity it could be a lot of things
because you have to you need a you need
an edge in order to make it in the
entertainment world and sometimes that
edge is just your ability to keep going
and you know whether or not you're that
kind of person and if you are you
fucking you're fucking doing it already
and if you're not you know just having
fun hobby don't worry about it don't
worry about it we have dog we have dog
come here dog
have seventy-eights is rich nice yep 78
max rich what are your thoughts and
Steven Hawkings planned to within the
next 20 years Patel a tiny cell phone
size craft Alpha Centauri via a and
laser beam you seem like you really hate
this idea Jack you really don't like the
Alpha Centauri plan
yeah that sounds terrible the the gat
the gun the guy with the the guy with
the big pot through the pot at me yeah
and I thought he could just smash it he
threw it at me and it startled me how do
I feel about the plan he's gonna wait so
what's what explain the plan they plan
to send a really tiny thing out to the
nearest star oh that's good idea and do
you understand how far away that is and
the tiny thing can can send in for me I
get back it took a ship ten years to get
the fucking Pluto right and that's
comically far away but but stars are
insanely comically far away and they
think this thing can travel faster
because it's really small and with the
type of repulsion they'd want to use
they can get some pretty good speeds on
it sure I think it would still take an
insanely long time to get there but yeah
but doable
um what's insanely long hundred years I
don't know I don't know how long this
thing is actually supposed to take to
get there I think he wants to be able to
launch it in the next twenty years but
I'm not sure what the travel time would
be probably insane but you got to start
somewhere if we're gonna explore the
galaxy absolutely that's my thoughts on
I don't know what kind of information
this thing is gonna send back I'd be far
personally I'd be far more interested in
seeing pictures of planets from another
solar system that would that would be
exciting as hell
I gotta imagine the starch is gonna be
yeah the parents son looks pedal of the
Sun
and I don't even know if they plan on
getting pictures back from this Oh cuz I
think I think I'm light speed weather
information this thing sends back once
it gets there is probably gonna take 28
years I forget how far is Alpha Centauri
is like 28 light-years that might even
be way too close I'm not sure but I
guess it's a positive thing you got to
start somewhere and I guess you got to
start small oh yeah if his plan is like
oh you know it'll take a thousand years
for this thing to air you know I'm so
I'm so fun yeah you know I don't think a
thousand years five hundred years to get
there and then five hundred years to
send the information back to us saying
okay if we do that now than a thousand
years that'll happen okay it's only four
light years well I'm sorry I wasn't sure
how far Alpha Centauri not everyone is
like correcting me but but nothing can
travel at the speed of light
okay it takes you four years then to get
the information back from the probe but
that probe is not gonna be moving at
light speed how longs it take the probe
to get down that's the important
question after it's launched how long
does it take this thing to get there I'm
not sure I'm really not sure how fast
they think they can get this tiny little
craft and what I'm saying what I'm
saying is even if it takes a hundred
years to get there and then you know
they'll send up it'll take five years to
send it back right I think twenty
percent of lights be there not bad Lizza
but this is what it's like okay it's a
hundred years to get there and then in a
hundred years we'll have her in 105
years we'll have we'll know something
about this that's a positive that's
incredibly far away that's a great thing
and do you have to do it now so that in
a hundred years we have that information
so yes do it as fast as you can
I thought the 20 years is like when they
planned to launch before that we could
develop this technology to the play we
can get this there that fast oh wait are
they saying 20 years well if it's 20
percent the speed of light that's four
light years away it would take five
times four for it to get there oh my god
20 years to get there what four years to
get information back hey hey what are
you doing here what do you have never
been here before big fat lady she moves
she has never been there before she does
not belong there
Luke 72 dumb uses what is the plan for
the 420 stream I'm voting for Jack to
dress like a clown again but this time
just smoke weed instead of slide whistle
um I'm not sure I'm not a pothead like
at all I don't think you are these days
and I gotta say I wouldn't appreciate
the secondhand smoke
No so there are no plans for those of
you who have not who have not heard Jack
used to be a pothead stories Jack did
used to be a pothead but that was me I
mean we're getting close to 20 years ago
at this point everyone thinks I am
because I'm I'm just now I'm just
naturally weird you are you're very
weird and you know what logic and your
eyes are red and closed all I stopped
doing pot because it made me insanely
paranoid I was no longer having fun
while smoking pot I would spend all day
I we rented me my friends rented a house
and my room was in the basement and I
spent all day in the basement playing
video games and I would not hang out
with anyone because I was so paranoid of
leaving the basement because what if the
cops see me smoking pot in my living
room yeah like that's where my mind went
and it became incredibly not fun for me
so I have not smoked pot in a very very
exceedingly long time and I'm very okay
with that have I ever experimented with
with pot or any kind of drugs odd not
once however one time to celebrate a job
I carried it always went up CB drunk
uh-huh so once I got drunk for her
technically twice because the first time
she made the mistake of getting drunk
too she got drunk faster than I did and
she didn't appreciate any of it so
far as drugs I never I never felt a
desire to I'm horribly uncomfortable the
idea of anything fucking with my breath
very uncomfortable with that thought in
general yeah and I think that's fair
hot I don't really have any issues with
I figure if alcohols gonna be legal hot
probably should be there's no I can't
think of any good reason it shouldn't be
mmm
but I I don't know why the fuck anybody
does anything else them a leg length
anything like cocaine heroin why why the
fuck would you want to do something
that's gonna get you hooked and fuck
your wife off why would you want to do
that I don't get it yeah the experience
the the high it's that's literally what
every single bad thing is about it's
about the high the high is is worth the
consequence and you know I've never done
coke but I hear amazing thing the people
that I know who do coke because they
speak very highly on
you know I've experimented with a few
different drugs and you know what people
do not not since my adulting years have
I done so
so yeah for 4/20 we'll just we'll play a
game and we'll talk about games and
movies and shit how about that how about
that will be our plan for 420 is will do
the exact same thing we always do also
even when I was a pothead I hated 420
yep just like nowadays I hate the st.
Patrick's Day where everyone decides
it's a great idea to get fucked up all
day and it's just like listen you're
gonna get drunk get drunk you don't need
a day to get drunk like you don't need a
special occasion to get tried to do that
don't make a big deal out of it don't be
an asshole about it
oh it's 4:20 so we we get so we're gonna
get high today what did we do yesterday
we got high why because that's what we
do you don't need a special day no but
like we're gonna get high like all day
that's what we do every day trifle
Lucinda genex at least once it changes
your brain for the better for good I
don't believe that Scripture I've done
he'll loosen hallucinogenics a couple
times it does change your brain forever
really it does that's what they say
that's what they say just sounds
terrifying yeah yeah it is my plan my
epic plan of running away is not working
out very well
does that man is chasing me what is that
what is that what is that
but it's that thing I want to talk to
that thing
the Ravus says if you guys ever stream
the game room world if not I'd be
curious to see you truck to see you try
it out sometime it's a lot of fun
I've never streamed or played from world
don't know much about it
casual horse HOA ROC says hey guys you
have any thoughts on the new 755
megapixel light row light field camera
yes sent you a copy of Royal space force
just in case do you know what the light
drone camera I'm not the camera guy
around here I'm just the the schmucky
friend who is shove it on camera because
he's weird okay that's all I am Jack do
you know anything about this yes okay
the the I believe I'm gonna say I
believe the light row camera is the
special camera where you can take a
picture right let's say you take a
picture of a flower on your lawn yeah
and your house is in the background and
what normally happens with that is you
take a picture the flower and the flower
is beautifully and in focus and your
house behind you is all out of focus
glory depth of field you take this
camera with the light row and then it
gathers all the information for all
focal depths oh you can change the focus
after the phone I can change focus in
posts that sounds nice it's it's this
amazing technology and no one knows
quite what to do with it yet it's and it
only works for still photos it does oh
oh one less useful for us
let's useful for us oh no but everyone's
paying attention to it because like if
someone can get it to work for video
it's gonna change how you shoot video no
it's just pointing camera nothing
matters it's our you know hopefully
that's the thing you're talking about
light Road change the focus so you can
refocus your shitty photo in a different
focus
well it's interesting and and actually
like very there's some they have some
like fun web things where you can like
that well they have pictures and you can
click on the different things in the
some things are going to differ foe
because it's neat it's this neat
technology and no one knows what to do
with it yet it would be great for
consumer cameras because you know they
can you know just take a picture boom
take picture immediately the only
problem is consumers don't generally
like futzing with software later they
just want you know to press a button and
so then they're trying to figure out how
to get it to work with apps and you know
I'd like to make it easier but it's
really really fascinating but you get a
picture of grandmas not a focus so just
tweet that shit press a button
absolutely that's it's interesting just
from a technology point of view yeah
they can do that tired and sad says has
Jack seemed the Walking Dead finale and
do you think there are dangers when
comic book films on TV or TV shows
become too loyal to their source
materials I have not seen The Walking
Dead finale
mostly because I heard rumors that it
was really disappointing and I've been
kind of like falling out of favor with
Walking Dead and like I just haven't
cared yeah it's like I have it it's
waiting for me to watch and both me and
Lisa are just like it's it's kind of
gotten stale I'm walking dead again we
had a couple good seasons it's one of
those things that's weird because I'd
probably love it but I've never gotten
into the London I've never gone away to
watch more than they watch the first
three episodes two episodes pilot is
great pilots pilot is amazing again I
didn't keep watching the show and it's
weird that I didn't do that and like the
first season is pretty good this is the
proud the real problem is it's hard to
recommend it because the second season
sucks so much but then after the second
season it really picks up and you get
you get like two three really solid
seasons and now it's starting to get
stale again do you think there's a
problem with something sticking too
close to the source material mmm I'm
getting hoarse yes there is a problem
the problem is if if sticking close to
the source material does not mesh well
with the medium that it's being played
through comic books are different than
television shows regular books are
different than movies there's no way
that you can be a hundred
faithful to the source material because
it's a different medium Sin City shows
otherwise Sin City is the exactly like
the comic book Sin City and I love every
goddamn frame Sin City is the exception
that makes the rule because it's very
hard to point to movies that work so
beautifully that sticks so close to the
source material right sure how many
stick that close to the source material
though
how do you know right I wasn't paying
attention to anything this guy said I
suppose it's a danger if you're not
familiar with the original you'll hear
spoilers but fuck you it's like it's
it's all fine I I'm just like the
walking dead has this whole it's the
it's the hugely popular show and so like
there's the Walking Dead and then right
after The Walking Dead
there's a talk show called the talking
dead where they talk about the episode
and now they have fear The Walking Dead
and it's the there's just got it's
gotten too much I don't this guy said
stuff to me and I wasn't paying
attention
nice picture oh babe that's us No oh
here's them just thinking that goes well
along with it
dream sign sent us a link with a picture
apparently just sketched of us because
I'm wearing this shirt yeah hey Jack and
rich thanks for the entertainment but as
models you are total hacks oh it's it's
yeah we're not good models hello well
work hello well work my cock yeah okay
hello yeah yeah yeah lol yeah I get it
hello well for my cock
casual horse says they claimed the new
light roll camera light row cinema does
video with up to 300 frames per second
and then it can change both the focus
and to a certain degree the position of
the camera that's the Michelin Man the
light row it's it's interesting
technology and like here's the thing
I've for me it would be great like when
Rich and I shoot there's nobody watching
the camera and I have had a couple times
where either myself or rich have been
slightly out of focus because you know
we focus and then like oh we maybe we
move in our chair before we start
talking where we Vince and I've had to
like fix it in post and it never quite
looks right and I've been unhappy with
it I never once where we didn't have a
good tripod and you had something rigged
up with a camera was taped to some kind
of pole and throughout the episode the
camera just slowly starts like slippin
down into the right because that was the
same night that Jay and Mike were
shooting the Halloween best of the worst
yep and so they took all the trash what
are you tape it to it was like a monopod
tapes to a chair a stick tape to a chair
is a stick tape to a chair to the camera
and then the tendon the tape just kept
slowly bending throughout the whole
episode terrible terrible terrible so
there there are instances where like to
me it's like oh if there is a video
where I don't need to worry about
focus I can just choose that later fuck
you know like I'm in it I'm in it talk
to onion night again okay bold caps oh I
know today like that and then this thing
when I first came in here something was
going up okay so they gave you a hint
huh so they gave you a hint yes see like
boom oh wait was I supposed to tell him
yeah no I think you're fine okay
it would be great if I could get the
thing to stop firing at me it sold over
name list so yeah wait I'm gonna go tell
him just in case I was supposed to tell
him that I figured it out
Congrats you're smarter than an onion
hey where'd he go he did his job oh he
did his job that's my guess all right
fuck it you know you're supposed to go
down so he can go up what crazy no I
want to go up I want to fight the thing
do I want to fight oh look at that
oh that's exactly like the the
bloodborne thing the big tall guys made
different face oh he talks Oh
make peace that's interesting oh wow
that was easy
guess you're not gonna fight that thing
Jack unless you want to hit him in the
ankle anyway that's fucking fucking Jack
you're a loose cannon with nothing left
to lose you don't care you know you know
you don't obey the rules you know the
streets Jack sometimes the rules don't
apply on the streets what is that look
at that down there well you move it away
it's like that thing that's a thing it's
got fire it's a tail and a big ax thing
it's like a dragoon it's like one of
those crystal things be far earlier
vaguely no I don't know
or the one crystal thing so this is the
dickhead that keeps throwing the Spears
that almost killed me
well he probably won't now who did you
make please oh well great I did it I
Picard admire out of that situation a
little so fuck you guys who told me I
shouldn't do that that was absolutely
the right option
yay for Federation values what happened
if this were Janeway she would have she
would have taken the branch turned
around and killed him anyway because he
was in her way he was in her way to get
to the board or something read the
description of the branch okay I will
you know what I will read the
description of the branch
I got a young white branch yo nerds do
you want the details on how to stay
friends with the big guy sure sure
by the way I already have a young white
branch
there's a halfway landing on the
elevator to jump off to Oh
because in Japanese onion is slang for
useless or poor Oh becomes look at this
so so a branch of a white birch received
from a giant apparently as a token of
friendship becomes something that blends
into the surrounding consumed with use
maybe you have to use that good friend
no hit okay wait so never lose that
special branch okay is that oh that's
the key is somebody saying that yes yes
never lose that special branch okay I'm
gonna see if I can find this Penner
there's a Ledge I can jump on yeah yeah
that's the same guy says never lose that
special branch okay
for this the way oh oh I see it oh I
don't think it I don't think I can't
make that oh oh there it is okay I see
it I see it I can make that I can make
that perfect spectacular - I got this I
got this rich uh fucking boom boom
Shakalaka who's humming oh that's
fucking Onion Knight I kind of love on
your knight can I kick him off cuz you
know what I kind of like my giant friend
and I'd rather be friends with the Giant
no that's probably survivable what's
down there is there anything else up
here okay question that's my favorite
new move in this game is the boot look
at this boot you can just boot people
and new I mean new to me because that
move is not in blood-borne and it might
be another Dark Souls games but I love
the boot the chat is saying you're a
dick by the way I am he wanted to kill
my giant friend he's fine ultimately
Onion Knight wanted to kill the monster
who's my friend now we helped him down
to the roof he was having trouble and
now and now he's asking for help anyway
so he's fine Onion Knight is 5
I caught croc talking some okay I'm done
I'm done talking to you on your name
hold on search for clues
search for treasures say he wants to
kill the fire monster down there yes yes
I've figured that out and I will go kill
the fire monster for him so we will
remain friends I will no longer boot him
how about that I will I will try not to
to kick him anymore
get him on your night
Oh oh my god he moved walk on to him I
think he walked on just keep attacking
his legs man my stamina boom onion man
made an excellent distraction I just
gonna sit down I'll sit down with you
toast definitely toast okay hold on it's
the first we gotta get rid of that I
have an idea yeah here's what I want
mm-hmm
Jack how many onions will you eat on the
stream for a hundred bucks 100 bucks
zero I mean they're fucking gross zero
onions chat so that'll cost you a
hundred bucks because he didn't need any
onions so come on are you ready let us
toast with onion man I removed the HUD
yeah has to make a pretty picture take a
screenshot it's great Jesse great keep a
nuts that are more centered no not
really because of how you are yeah
you're centered yeah but you know what
the fighters in the background I'm a
tower look at that that's great
yeah that's a great one
yeah better better clip there we go
great now we got a screen shot wait do I
have to do this facing him I assume he
wants to toast right I know why do you
assume that no thing want you to talk to
him again
so I I'm just toasting him okay now talk
oh is that true mr. trans male hold on
if you said HUD to Otto it turns off
unless you're in battle okay that sounds
like a great idea
then look then you get out it's so
pretty
you don't get that distracting yeah that
great Hudson never bothered me it's
always valuable information yeah and I
see no reason not to have it cuz what if
your help well what if your help slow
and not really paying attention then you
rush into battle anyway oh god I only
have a sliver of health left you're
absolutely right
rich is absolutely right hug back on but
you do want no I wanted to turn it out
for the picture okay that was the only
thing that was really important to me
those were the chances you stays I'm
held as low I don't know I don't know
okay let's go see what's over here we
just fought a big fire monster didn't
see that you know what I did not see
that coming because I've completely
forgotten about the giant tree monster
that I actually went to go fight do you
remember that do you ever wonder what I
fight a tree monster I don't know I do
not it was a with big testicles remember
and I failed and then I went this way
and a whole different thing happened to
a large club is this different than my
other large club
let's find out it's a little bit larger
who it is so this is bigger this is a
reinforced Club this is a large Club
which I don't have the strength yet to
wield but you you better believe that
I'm gonna fucking use that club beat the
shit out of people with it with my big
dumb Club you're gonna have the shield
button to bring the HUD upper but I
won't
I won't bring the HUD up if I'm not
thinking about it yep and then rich is
totally right I'll be low on health and
I'll just you know be like how loud it
out he do not thinking about it and die
which you know I guess usually happens
in the game but then I'll feel dumb
people like the onion if they want you
to keep talking dude he's napping I'm
reading the things I read the things I'm
denied I'm not telling you that I'm
telling that you have like let them
onion nap this is my job maybe he gives
you maybe he gives you the ultimate
sword if you talk to him one more time
there maybe he doesn't
you guys just we just want the onion in
them either case totally worth it
totally worth it oh oh I got another one
I gotta say I'm not gonna hit him I
already booted him and I said I wasn't
gonna boot him anymore
you guys got mad at me when I booted him
can I see that I can use the club
two-handed
it's he's snoring okay
Jack knows he can use the large club if
he two hands it I'm gonna do that right
now
what was there was there an issue before
with your nothing I thought it said I
couldn't use it it's a big X on it
unable to use this item effectively
well it says effectively that's big
blunt Jack waffle never saw one like
that thing oh that's great that's
beautiful Oh Oh what oh you did
something
did he use flasks how does it power up
oh fuck yeah I use blue ah ah fuck is
good recharge overtime or something I
don't believe or is it blue just
obnoxious no remember there was a
different blue vial I don't want to have
to worry about juggling blue vials and
filling up on blue uh I think I would
just avoid blue weapons nope
which one of you is a bad guy all of you
that just seems like a pain in the ass
I'm sure one of you is gonna drop down
right so look at this you remember these
guys yeah remember these guys yeah and
then over here oh there's a bobble over
there rich well there's that one is
gonna be it's just gonna be one the
other ones are all darker but there's
one that's got lighter skin like the
ones that attacked you had before so
he's gonna crap down I think it just
gonna be the one or not or not I'm wrong
okay maybe just shadows there they all
look the same
whatever's wrong some of them look like
every weapon has a blue magic power you
can pretty safely beat the whole game
without every years ago oh right oh yeah
remember we discovered that earlier oh
here we go down here we discovered that
earlier when um when uh when I have that
other shield that big jump Club I love
big dumb Club Jack hit died gone what
are you doing what's happening is Jack
going to play the game till he beats it
he probably doesn't know this point that
is an accurate statement I do not know
at this point obviously I'm having fun
with it tonight uh it's got enough it's
it's drawing me and eventually combats
good onion man was awesome I you know
onion man saved it for me Oh who did who
did
oh my god this is the hand of a verb
game you're bambam I'm Captain Caveman
motherfucker
oh look at it look at how blood-borne
this is with the people sitting in
chairs looking out it's great oh look at
you look at you trying to hide oh crush
club whoa be wary of out I hate these
things
so you're fond of blunt weapons
yes I'm you should you should play this
on for 2000 made above the pot joke it
was a fine joke and I don't uh somebody
made some kind of fret from being a
that's fine let's find you well it's
further get the crate I know who that
was
yeah I'm not not trying to take credit
for that chat scrolled up and trying to
find out who who made that reference
they didn't bring up the 420 they just
said it was made this is gonna crack
about it being a blunt weapon and
whatnot oh damn it
fucking around fucking around not paying
attention
it's not a club it's a carrot it does
the kind of look like a carrot okay
here's the inspirational Lord Gooch says
why is Jack hitting zombie dogs with a
massive blunt okay nice oh oh it's you
guys do I need to switch for my massive
blunt now goddamn God Emperor nerd says
rich have tried the Master of Orion
remake it's okay doesn't have the charm
the original Dead Eye I lost all
interest in the Master of Orion remake
when I heard it had real-time battles
and that's not what I want my Master of
Orion real-time battles and star lanes
which darling like like roads in the
galaxy as opposed to going to whatever
star you're in range of mmm this star
connects to that star like
constellations for some reason you can
only go on that route oh that's weird
like constellations corpse lot says for
her marriage what a joker her 420 yeah
yeah that's pretty much my opinion of
potty humor all of it Oh potty um yeah
it's it's very strange because like when
you're oh wait oh never never has there
been a rat behind me never has there
ever when when you are a pothead pot
humor seems like the most wonderful
thing in the world and I cannot explain
what it is never but I was never but so
sure no but what I'm saying is like and
now that I don't smoke it anymore I'd
like I don't get pot jokes and I don't
find them funny but when you are a
pothead it's the bee's knees man pot
jokes
which is there anything for your
childhood that you liked and are
embarrassed about it now I think all the
embarrassing things i like that i was a
child i still like now so spider-man is
not my spider-man 2 different so yeah
chata saying you're too encumbered oh
right great
great I forgot fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
maybe they won't come in here if I run
really fast
oh he came in here
Sarah SH star says nice Dodge rich that
was amazing I know how I did that that
amazing dodge that was a pretty great
desert brief this Matt I'm just I'm just
so good at this game
I think I need to lose the club for now
the club is fun the club is big and dumb
but I have to lose it for the time being
not talking about the game lol what that
does if I dodge something I wasn't
consciously dodging anything the
embarrassing childhood thing oh yeah
maybe not really a dodge if you still
like the stupid things used to like no
and it's not a Dodge when you answer the
question directly
G Jojo was great yeah I mean I I never
want to be a joke
oh the cartoon sucks comic books that
looks great
Duke is an idiot Duke sucks
Duke was a minor character at best in
the comics he may have appeared in like
five issues ever or something weird
oh the onion Knights gun my oniony
friend is no more
okay now I need to find all my souls cuz
I had a really good number of souls
that's a good idea
let's stand up everybody let's stand up
it is time to do the stand up we're
gonna find my souls and then nice good
we've been playing Dark Souls now for
about 12 hours
oh stand up
his older
he's gonna do while we stand up
okay great
who got to find my soul's gotta find my
soul's had a lot of souls I'm going to
be relatively upset if I lose my souls
are they over here maybe doggies fuck
you dog
I just gotta get my songs range do you I
do you know I had a lot of them I think
I can sell the old sneaking around
running away running away or anyway
running away they're asking you for you
feel at least fight the tree testis
thing again I don't know no I don't
think I'm prepared for the trees okay
I don't think I will do what I actually
am here's the here's the bad part is I
don't think I can get up I don't think I
can get back up I think I might need to
go through these things
so what I'm saying you missed a chest -
no I believe that
okay this is where I started you would
just know I'll find that chest I'll find
it all don't you worry about it
thank scream just got into room
yeah it's probably running low on juice
on battery juice
are you done having fun with the club
the club is really great against some
enemies and not good at all against
other enemies for example if you feel
like dodging it's not gonna work very
well because it's a very heavy item and
my strength isn't up by one if I can
ditch my other items let's see what
happens if I ditch the crossbow and
ditch the sword and only have the club
did something else hold on shield it's
the shields arrows ditch the arrows I
should probably let's see how my role is
now weight ratio is 69% okay oh yeah
okay now we're done now we're doing good
boom you need to say Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam
Bam did I got my souls back that's all
that it's really important
you don't you don't think you can get
back up to that tree well I cuz hitting
that thing in the crotch for the child
club that's got some comedy value
instant comedy value Jack chest in there
is their trust in their miss the chest
again well I'm trying to deal with I'm
trying to deal with use a homeward bone
just come up a few times what I don't
know what it does how am I supposed to
know great I did I did homeward bone mr.
Chester would you I'm fuck fuck fuck
fuck
Oh that'll take you to the I'm assuming
that'll take you to the the fire but now
you lost your souls now I gotta grab my
souls again okay here we go
do we do have the torch run right yeah
you don't know what a homeward bone does
we played this game for literally went
seven hours no yep me only a few haven't
that was shared with jag
he's been playing entirely since we
stream started so no I don't know what a
homeward bone does we we know
blood-borne we know of all the
blood-borne terms I'm very much a rookie
so I can only assume it's like the the
mass yeah fuck the hunters mask
a hunter's mask running running running
running running running running running
it was in the other Dark Souls 2 which
we haven't really played much of I think
we have like a couple hours into Dark
Souls 1 as we have a stream into Dark
Souls 1 and a stream into Dark Souls 2
yep yep another guy was chasing me so I
just wanted to oh man that I am so
incredibly lucky rich I instinctively
thought I had my health potion on and I
was in the elevator shaft and I threw a
fireball but luckily just as I threw it
the shaft opened up and the fireball did
not kill me I am the luckiest Dark Souls
3 player ever to exist all right now Bam
Bam Bam Bam
they rich do any gaming on Linux
no I don't have Linux installed I mean
I'd like not to have to deal with
Windows but everything comes out in
Windows yep I was kind of hoping that
the whole steam OS thing would catch on
the steam boxes yeah that would that
would that would probably encourage more
people to develop games for Linux too
because that basically ran on Linux yes
but I don't think that's gonna catch on
I was kind of doomed from the start
so yeah yeah right so is what it is is
what it is is it is what it is I'm sorry
a droid quantum break that's currently
only on fucking Windows 10
I don't want Windows 10 you would rather
get an Xbox one I'm that's well I don't
want to play quantum break with a
gamepad either right so damned if you do
damned if you don't
hmm that was good as some of the stuff
sounds I got a feeling quantum breaks
gonna end up being mediocre okay okay
action would shed platforming and a lot
of talking
fuck are my all my arrows I have like a
Zil I bought like a hundred volts use
the steam controller I don't
particularly like that very much
that's for shooters it's maybe a little
a little a little tiny bit better I
think that a regular game pad for
shooters specifically but here's gamepad
gamepad steam controller keyboard mouse
trust me rich you don't want to play
quantum break alright
I hyped up to me somewhere a lot of fun
stuff you can do power is time that
thing has a glioma Bop on it and then
before we started playing Dark Souls
today I was just looking at videos in
YouTube I'm thinking oh this looks kind
of like tennis standard so the time
stuff looks kind of neat you friend up
and punch that guy in the face that's
kind of neat yeah hey every other
third-person shooter well look at this
crap looking platforming oh god the
platforming look so much like crap I
mission 1 get souls mission to see if I
can find that that uh that treasure
chest
it means by the dogs
the reason I haven't switched over to
Windows 10 is because I've already got a
ton a metric ton of shit installed on my
Windows 7 system here and it's a pain in
the ass as it is to get old ship to run
in newer operating systems I don't I
know if I'll be able to get some older
shit even working on Windows 10 and I
haven't done it because it's a pain in
the ass but a lot of people tell me it's
a bad operating system what is bad about
Windows 10 cuz I don't know
two hands jack two hands was there not
using Neil Breen is's rich and Jack
actor River Phoenix told stories about
growing up in the in the notorious cult
children of God where he and his sister
were allegedly abused this coat later
produced the music video SOS ah yeah
well I guess you're hidden because you
said ah I heard that after the fact but
we had no idea what the fuck SOS was
when we did the episode we didn't find
out there were a horrible child abusing
cults until later oh I see it
okay so I open the chest and then all
the monsters come out yep yep yep shit
should not have done that should not
have done that you're using one hand on
areum there you go
that was a great tyranny sir Shrek says
child abusing cult the Catholics you
mean yep zing
okay okay so now it should be outside I
see it already
you run away you can't be you can't act
surprised about that
SOS video being from a cult no because
fundamentalist Christians believe some
weird-ass shit yeah we just thought it
was a vaguely religious video they mock
evolution uh-huh that's that's a common
thing I never heard about the barcode
thing before you and my dad try to
explain that that's also a common thing
the living in the woods is a bit weird
yeah but that just made them seem
slightly more extreme the end times are
coming common Christian thing
what ah got him and also yes none of it
was in English my souls I'm on top of
the world yes at the time we had we had
no idea that was part of the family
international the children or what her
whatever the fuck they call themselves
these days didn't know was that right
we've actually got another video in
there about specifically I didn't watch
the video but the title of it has
something you're like 666 the mark of
the beast they're like a picture of a
barcode on it or something oh really
so we've got something like that on our
wall somewhere oh man oh man oh man sit
down there but I don't believe them okay
so what do I have in my inventory now
say I got bones returned to last bonfire
rested at or to shrine that sounds like
a good thing old human bone with several
hole why don't you level up and then
just give give the monster thing one way
oh well that's I'm you know because we
remember and varn there were two masks
one returns you to the shrine but you
lose all your blood echoes and one
returns of this friend with your blood
echoes does it say anything one way or
the other about losing echoes that's
what I'm looking at well everyone's
saying use the homeward bone ones I'm
assuming that one's fine
yeah I can use I got the treasure I got
the truck oh wait there's a where's the
other treasure though there's another
treasure over here and I kind of want to
get it but we're gonna have like 50
minutes get your souls back everything's
good that's what's gonna happen then
rich with the with the bone you keep
your shit okay that's mr. Schine okay
that's okay thank you mister try smile I
do want that treasure I do want it oh
it's one of these one of these like
platforming yeah okay it was all funny
so I guess all the fucking songs he
couldn't take goodbye a shit then come
back her later he could do that
I'll planets my plants might run and run
and jump some of the sign yeah yeah I
don't with how little health I have and
I take off all your gear I'm not I don't
know I'm no nope nope nope nope nope
nope nope no gonna be smart this is like
two levels worth of shit here faulty
wires TV says it's good treasure but I
don't think he can live right and I
think I have like a couple levels worth
of echoes you can get that carry
capacity up then see not be constantly
worried about the club but yeah but with
the club I don't need anything else you
know I want my strength up because that
that pairs well with the club sure it's
just gonna make everything fucking die
maybe turn mine Durance up a little bit
wait you have a ring of sacrifice you
might I don't know what he fucking has
I'm talking to you guys right yeah we're
just gonna murder people only people
saying what the fuck it's a five feet
drop under the planks yeah I'm not
somebody else saying the fall down which
is exaggerated in these games
the chata sits there being split this
civil war yep three wrecks Civil War
that's how it begins team jump versus
team don't jump what team Spidey on it's
not like they're protesting the Dark
Souls Registration Act
Hugh's weapon what could infuse it with
a fire gem meat repair weapon do I need
to repair anything no ok great
Spidey should switch sides when he did
in the comic all right now we will go
fight a giant tree dick
well tree testicles I don't I did not
see a tree dick perhaps the tree is the
dick I mean he is a dick because he's
fighting me
ok all right we will smash some tree
testicles and then we will call it an
evening maybe they're just some
mind-controlling mushrooms that are
growing on the tree controlling the rest
of the tree Jack thought about that
that's why they're the weak spot I like
it no I'd much rather be hitting three
testicles it's clearly tree testicles
burn that bone what burn bone ash what I
don't know things here's here's the
thing that when you have to assume we
know nothing about the game so when you
say burn bone ash we go what if you
write a complete sentence that says if
they burn the bone ash this will happen
then we will understand you you know
like bone ash Loretta I have a Loretta's
bone you you have to understand we just
don't know what you're talking about
what's a bone ash this thing the nose
the skull pine resin pine Rennell junk
he says Ridge burned the undead bone
shard and the menu of Firelink shrine
wats I can't do anything I can't do
anything
I'm completely hopeless
well we have a floppy hat the gloves let
the pants okay all right all right you
burned the bone ash and Firelink shrine
bonfire I don't have a bone ash also
everybody I want you to look at my
inventory flask flash ember Karen's
always complain about my bony ash I have
a bone shard is that it oh okay
burn in shrine bonfire to increase Estes
recovery okay okay by the way it is a
bone shard not bone ash just putting
that out there
I wanna oh no I'm gonna put that out
there y'all be dicks
did did read all this all this grief
over this bone ash that's not as she's a
bone shard and someone said ash and
that's what caught on blood and oh my
god oh god use the bone my God's bone
ass we're not we're not playing Dark
Souls right jack never have we're having
fun the wrong way no also I forgot where
the tree is
where's the tree tip oh that's right the
tree testicle oh wait the guy wanted to
throw the things at me anymore
also I'm going the wrong way for the
tree testicle rich what I don't know
where the treatable was yeah still
blaming you
fuck big rat big rat hi tree testicles
this way and the guy won't throw Spears
at me anymore because we're friends but
I do need to be this guy which I can do
Jack you were going the right way just
don't crush across the stone bridge
literally doesn't matter which way he
goes I'm hearing and we're again I'm
gonna go flipping information right now
I don't know what the truth is that's
the truth this is like last night all
over again I don't know what's going on
I guess I thought this way we might be
faster is it I have oh you know it
actually might not be because now that
now that the bad man is not throwing the
is not throwing the sphere's I have to
fight these guys but I have my biggest
club but I'm gonna die anyway
this is insanity everything is insanity
rich ok used to it wait what
Heath is still throwing spears do you
have to use that item what item the the
bridge no they said not to use it to
remain friends with them I don't know
you know what it doesn't matter all
right here we go
here we go three testicles here it is
rich what was last night you'll find out
in good time rich and I for some reason
could not stream last night i wonder
what that reason could be there's a
reason that we're streaming on a Monday
night I got 10% battery okay well all
I'm gonna do is hit this tree in the
nuts that's literally all we're waiting
for is for me to hit this tree in the
nuts
with the strength boost of the magic
these guys go down on one fucking hit
there is tree nuts
not not the wheel exactly oh oh oh God
Oh Oh God
how are you supposed to fight tree nuts
over your health is fine your health is
fine is there a charge attack yeah he's
gonna he's gonna bounce Oh
heal heal heal ill I miss them I can't
believe I missed his nuts pours goblet
says remove skeleton yep of course I
don't I don't think you're gonna pull
this one off jack nope oh oh oh that
just looks brutal tree nuts got me again
I did worse with my junk and buttbounce
I kind of love that just bouncing on us
but that I mean that hurt me physically
that's dark so that's great that's
beautiful tree I was tree bag day
underscore that's great James this is
dream sign so some guys will pay top
dollar for that kind of treatment
damn you tree nuts
Luke 72w says this is just for
delivering on tree nuts you incredible
failure no it's started nice and there
nothing kind of mean well we failed
again stress well yeah you have to say
that
yeah we will have a nice nice parting
toast ending while we thank our
subscribers what do you think I believe
like most of it I think it's fine it's
fine
I prefer blood-borne but pretty early in
this you still need that isn't the tour
on there you're totally right you don't
need that at him yeah you're totally
right
I'll click on I can you scroll the mouse
wheel oh yeah okay just back up myself
okay okay we're still streaming okay so
we have these are all of our subscribers
everyone who has recibir streaming
jiggle our
jyggalag 35g I'm saying jyggalag cuz
I've been saying gee Jack jyggalag 35
you're right you're right
mister bibs mister shy smile 18 months
in a row
mister grape first of all that's three
misters in a row miss ribs
our viewers are all proper gentlemen I
love it I love it
Rob Vader 12 lady dinning no was it
cause I'm Muslim
you got it cuz of awesomeness my name is
Tate T CLP 999 my team months in a row
ere been very man Grand Moff Kelly 18
months in a row Grethe make a military
don't gruff licorice and shreddies 19
months in a row bougie bitch would you
bet think of it
shark spear 18 months in a row HAP logo
wrath comically small skeleton unn
powerful raindrop 19 months in a row mr.
Glenn who isn't in the the mr. block I
get up in the air
mister quench 17 months in a row dream
sign crunky peep Quinn ox
I don't want my pinky today I'm Mr evil
dr. evil what happens whatever Honda 79
stray lost idiot like that tabari HK 15
months in a row no she said G shot sir
GS hots or just the shots I like a shots
good shots that sounds like Yiddish yeah
shuts oh you get jobs oh yeah we know
he's full of piss and gunshots nineteen
months in a row top ramens 14 buzz in a
row
well Kim's with a clown
15 months in a row
Krieger 7 8 3 19 months in a row
Tim sevens vast Roya 15 Jacqueline I'm
sorry say that again
Jacqueline one more thing Jacqueline
Jacqueline Jacqueline that's just you
that flows very nice out of your mouth
hole nasty flat corpse a lot M see Lucas
22 fucking months in a row handsome Rob
vapor sauce or vapors Oh vapor first of
all I'm way wrong so it's vapor space or
vapors pace I think it's probably vapor
space
I like vapors pace 25 but certain it's
certainly not vapor sauce no there's no
sauce in there anyway
yeah you know I think you need to get
out of here I think you need to get out
of here still stealthily what you need
is casual voice thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it it's
true we really do thank you guys so much
for coming out we appreciate it we
really appreciate it we really do and
we'll see you on Wednesday
happy trails happy Wednesday
