Rocket LeagueButt()()
June 29, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WdNy6jU9FmA

we're streaming oh we are streamers
sweet oh my God we're back okay that
thing we were talking about forget about
don't talk about that porno anymore
people saying us are we back are we
really
hey they're back acknowledging no video
though there's no video yeah there's no
video yet there will be but he's
spending an obscene amount of money
trying to cover his bald spot in that
film was that an urban legend I think
that was what is this oh that was
Waterworld there was oh and also a
Hudson Hawk with uh what's willis what
about that movie uh he hired ILM I guess
he was balding this is absolutely 100%
true and he hired ILM and it was super
expensive and this is when like computer
graphics weren't like a big thing in
movies sure and they had to digitally
paint in his bald spot actors are
fucking nuts yeah I remember we worked
on a I didn't personally work on it we
were trying to film with Ben Stiller
like it was the Walter Mitty film or
something oh yeah yeah and they were
yeah and there were scenes in the movie
I think he was fighting a shark or
something that's - you didn't realize
his hairline or yves rossy a bald spot
or something like that and you want to
do this I'm Ben Stiller yeah he wanted
this to fix his hair cuz he directed
that be me as well yeah we said oh did
he direct that mm-hm no he's directed
good things why would you direct that
then again he directed Zoolander 2 as
well yep apparently is an a-hole
yeah he wanted his uh his hair fixed and
then we we couldn't he just cut the
shots really mm-hm Wow allegedly
allegedly allegedly it's very important
that we say allegedly
April's ready game you're interested in
that I would have on a PC obviously I
don't have smash I don't know I could
play I could try rocket League I've
never played it before it's fairly
simple candy corn
Pond kid how was your pumpkin beer was I
good it was delicious
yeah that taste that tasted really good
isn't Ben Stiller Star Trek fan you know
we were talking about that right would
the the name of Mugatu and Zoolander and
now that's a Star Trek reference yeah
we're talking about that the other day I
remember uh have you ever seen the Ben
Stiller show from the 90s long I saw
when it aired yeah I did super being
funny it was funny at the time yeah I
bought the you came out of DVD that's
where like Janeane Garofalo Bob Odenkirk
Andy Dick was on it I think David Cross
got some yeah all those guys he did a
Star Trek thing on that he was like
Captain Kirk pitted us you guys are like
animals engage do you even know what it
means to feel I've not played this in
months at this point so hear me awful I
have never played this game or if
someone is asking if we're gonna let no
no is it play I'd much rather watch
we're gonna what let viewers play you've
done that before right now what's let
April's get used to this hugging all
right trigger is gas right trigger on
the top okay I think they have a reverse
or Prague I spent a while since I quite
actually don't remember yeah be it
should be your rocket boost and I think
X is jumping yeah okay huh and it's
really simple you just try and knock the
ball under the other team's net soccer
no how do we know which net is mine
they should have lights around the net I
guess that would be red that is orange
and blue are the two no I guess yeah
yeah there are those blues you want
knocking in the blue is this like the
kind of Mad Max yeah this is the Mad Max
inspired map that's pretty good sir all
these people were playing against are
they like these are all people online oh
yeah I haven't seen this man max level
yeah I was I don't think less than you
were here when we're playing there's
nothing they had this they've been
adding Maps oh okay yeah
like I know for the holidays there was
like an ice rink oh that's cool
den bub says J and rich can you name all
ten Canadian provinces and 3 territories
bonus points for capitals know I grew up
no I could not okay Nova Scotia
that's one port-au-prince no no except
trying to name the cap Ontario yeah
Quebec yeah North there's three
territories so that's confusing Northern
Territories that's there's actually the
northwestern Northwest Territories god
dammit that's that's all I can do I'm
sorry I'm sure I could probably name
like tends to freeze Columbia Oh in the
States
yeah how many states do you know racist
is there 50 yes 50 okay yes are 50 so
there's California yes Minnesota you
said that no April said that oh well
yeah there's Florida there's new year
yes there is you're already doing much
better than I did with the prophets yes
there's Virginia Duke wait North and
South Carolina
yes are they - yes one each Northam self
Maine Maine mean there is there is
Arizona Tejas Texas Tejas - um there is
oh hi oh man there's a lot of states oh
my god sorry
that's fine I'm accidentally contacted
Siri Siri well you know when you're
missing
wait hold on wait there's my particular
yes Johnson surrealist all 50 states she
won't do it she'll do whatever I tell
her to do whatever was if you say
something brewed to Siri like was he
saved she sometimes says something Siri
fuck you
well I never well there you go
Niki get to the point where you could
harass her I think if you keep comparing
it to Hal from 2001 she I think she
actually threatened to like oh fuck call
those that's great something whatever it
was like don't let me report you to the
whenever something something I said oh
wait that was your goal nothing other
teams nevermind that was all fucking
yeah cerise say all 50 states sir you
idiot Easter shit sir you idiot
you brought this on yourself Siri you
brought this on yourself Siri it's just
like Oh fun with Siri yeah if only she
nobody said Hawaii and I've got nobody I
guess I mean you since I've seen him
Illinois Connecticut New Hampshire
Island Maryland geez there's too many
Wyoming too many yes there's like at
least 40 washes like 40 or 41 of them
right at least 40 ones there something
like 41 states right yeah Washington
Oregon the one to Portland Portland I
was thinking about that Idaho nice
potatoes nice potatoes that you that
Eddie Wisconsin is cheese and beer from
what I can tell from Milwaukee it's
mostly beer in Indiana's corn mm-hmm
there used to be ads someone actually
playing this more than corn like they
had like an image problem yeah they had
a corn image ad for a sad truth portal
cake there is not more than corn India
yeah it's just not there the cake is a
lie can you get the chat back on this
screen sorry no everything's fucked
did you play Portal on the stream wait
is that just disappearing like a full
screen there's that oh it is I think
maybe if you just move yeah uh what was
that about portal have you ever played
it yeah do you play on the stream you
played portal 2 thing I played on that
once we played a little bit of portal 2
co-op uh portal 2 is amazing the
campaign is so good
stay on that screen you know what a
probably work cuz I don't care if it is
or not or don't know what I'm talking
about
okay Oh everything's fucked J 2016
everything Susan everything is always
fucked portal 2 I was actually
Jane Collin name all the counties in
Scotland oh my no if Jim was here he
checks in the chat
Jim is actually Scottish previously
recorded live we played portal 2 to test
the steam controller yeah co-op for a
bit Jay Colin ever seen Outland yes
that's a Peter Hyams movie with Sean
Connery oh I've never seen that I think
it's great Jim hates it yeah that was
one of my like favorite kind of
childhood movies it was great yeah it's
kind of like it took a sci-fi remake of
High Noon Peter Hyams did the relic and
end-of-days did he do a Bill and Ted
movie no thanks I think it was somebody
else days isn't too great yeah Peter
Hyams he was his own cinematographer you
do is shoot his own movies I kind of
liked end of days when I saw him the
theater that's the only time I've ever
seen it
I remember the doesn't seem Ronald
Schwarzenegger is like beating up an old
woman I don't know if she's possessed by
a demon or something but they're like in
a living room and he's just like beating
the shit out of her
throws her through through a glass like
coffee table yeah that was like
behind-the-scenes footage
Peter I think I killed that woman I'm
gonna cover this up yeah outlined I
think is it's it's pretty cool I like
the way it's shot and it's just that
cool it has a kind of the production
design is very cool it's kind of like
Haley and Britt gritty and lived in and
kind of gross check it out
anonymous says hey J do you read no no
no if you if so they didn't really work
I was gonna try and make it like I
didn't know what like I can't read it
because I wasn't funny if I said do you
read and then I don't understand I don't
think it would work if so if so you
should read American Psycho I love the
movie but the book makes it look like a
fucking Disney production to make me
feel genuinely nauseous yes I've read
the book I've heard the movies would you
say better no it's um I need like the
movie more than the book but the book is
pretty gnarly there's a scene with is it
a mouse oh jeez arrest yeah yeah I'm
like there's a piece in the book with a
rat that's pretty horrifying I used to
work at a library all through high
school and the good thing was I was very
corrupt so I could like kind of reserve
books for myself yeah and it was like
American Psycho it's like everybody
wants it something I'm gonna get it for
myself first
go into the computer attacked the
computer and then just put my name ahead
of everything is like delivered to me so
I got to read all of these books like
before you know and that was anybody
else yeah because you're a prick I was
like okay we got all these new books put
them on the shelf I'm like okay and I
just put them in my locker and take them
home and read them first
and that was one of the first books I I
read there it was like oh my god this is
horrifying anonymous says please tell
Jack that this new overlay used tonight
is perfect thanks dear Jack's been
experimenting with an overlay I know I
was here for one of them anyway the
ugliest thing ever go over to Collin is
there any Tim Hortons in Milwaukee no no
but no they aren't here I've seen two
Bank of Montreal's yeah the BMO
buildings it's yeah they're BMO's very
very strange didn't Tim Hortons I think
got bought out by like an American
there's there some in New York
apparently Tim Hortons yeah yeah but
it's called like Tim Hortons Bake Shop
and it's a little different than the
ones at home
recruit more pimps for you says J
thoughts on the films of Terrence Malick
I've got money to waste so I'm going to
pick your brain on criteria movies
directors tonight no no also at a house
is Native American for friend hence
sexist okay oh I haven't seen a whole
lot of Terrence Malick I've seen
Badlands which I liked a lot
what other Terrence Mann in C Tree of
Life
okay that movie was terrible III know
people are really that's really divisive
like weird new world the new world like
the Pocahontas one with yeah I haven't
seen lion I don't know if I've seen a
Terrence Malick movie other than
Badlands but I really liked Badlands
what was the war one remind yeah yeah
that when Sharon rate Terrence Malick is
a blind spot for me true romance was
like a total ripoff remake of Badlands
yeah same soundtrack oh yeah I've only
seen true romance once I love that
ticket to transformers 6 Terrence
Malick's transformers 6 I remember my
mom telling me my mom is in BC and Oh
for fuck's sake I think hangs out with a
lot of like old ladies and they they
went to the movie theater there and they
saw Tree of Life and it actually had a
sign you have to like imagine before
morning yeah there was a warning sign it
was like you know pretty much like you
can get your money back this movie is
really really boring Victoria where she
lives is all old retired British ladies
and like British man and stuff like that
so it's like she goes to movies with her
75 year old friends and then they saw
the tree of life and I think they all
got their money back afterwards imagine
it's all like very cheap Scottish people
why not give the transformer series to
Terrence Malick I'll be great more more
weirdo arthouse filmmakers need to be
given mainstream properties wide-eyed 40
minutes of like wheats blowing just like
narration from Optimus Prime I want to
see Nicolas Winding ruff and make a
Batman movie why not yeah isn't he
producing the remake of Maniac Cop yeah
he's a big Maniac Cop fan it's crazy
good which I don't like the original
mania cop all that much maniac up to is
great and he's actually on the
commentary track for the blu-ray is he
really yeah it's it's a bit lost egg the
director and Nicolas Winding Ruffin but
it's never mentioned on the commentary
why Nicolas Winding Ruffin is there so
if you don't know you're just like why
is that guy a movies Robert zidar and
all of them erm yeah he's a maniac Bruce
Campbell Bruce Campbell's in the first
two okay yeah how many are there three
there's three the third one is not that
great well they're fourth mm no no the
second one is like a perfect b-movie
though I thought that was one of those
they kept milking and milking and
milking no they did a third one and it
kind of got fucked over when they were
making it so they stopped
Neil Breen's transformers would be
fuck that would be amazing did you see
the newest transformers with marquee
work no absolutely I think I watch like
ya I can't get through those movies I
think I watched like 20 minutes of it
the only one I've seen completely is the
first one yeah well no I guess we kind
of watched the first three all at the
same time but you can totally say that
was brilliant you can't really I can't
really say I was incredible it's almost
like we had an editing template yeah
alright yeah it was so interesting to
see when things like lined up and
he's hear a fart sound yes you did was
that have no idea he's in the game right
can't be that he keeps - too low I love
the TV I love the same cop series very
much speed yeah
chard is it you yeah yeah they're
actually showing love people are talking
about Neal Breen but they're showing him
pass through in Toronto I think in July
this month next month yeah they've been
trying to get Neal Breen to come up but
apparently it's not going so much it's
not going so well yeah he thought his
movie was too serious for the theater
it's the Royal cinema we usually do like
I don't know we watch like bad movies
and or just odd movies they show regular
movies there too though yeah but just
the ones that Peter hosts I mean are
like kind of weird movies that you kind
of you know laugh at good bad movies I
think he thought that was definitely not
a neoprene movie no these artists - yeah
I think he just got the feeling that
they'd be making fun of his movie or
something like that you should never
have his movies played in any theater
ever if he's concerned about that yeah
showing he seems like he just does not
understand what god bless him for that I
know I know that's what makes him
special
that's why I said I hope he doesn't get
spoiled like kind of Tommy Wiseau and
then yeah I hope demmick what's his name
whatever yeah the guy who directed
Birdemic yeah his twitter is amazing
it's just very he doesn't it's quite
funny quite know how to use Twitter
Wow I love how these belt through wrong
in the title I don't get it I am here is
artistic implications Act I didn't you
see did you stay for papal findings on
the movie dicks no okay
I can't I'm not watching any of those
until yeah we've watching for the
showers oh okay okay
weddings is really good the blue blaze
hey guys with so many recent games and
movies that focus entirely on visual
quality and effects what are some great
movies and games that look like shit
pass throughs a recent great movies look
like shit no no I really liked the movie
tangerine I wouldn't say it looks like
shit but it was shot on oh it looks
amazing yeah I mean you can tell it's
video like it has a different look to it
but I wouldn't say it's bad but that's
the closest thing I can think of yeah I
don't know games that look like shit are
still good um I don't there's any recent
ones but like you know even those like
for the time yeah you know what the
funny thing is I remember when half-life
was coming out like the very first one I
was on the quake 1 Engine 1 quake 2 was
the thing yeah and I remember my friend
was like oh man this is gonna be such an
amazing game I've heard all these things
about it and I kept watching the
trailers and like God the graphics are
terrible they were very dated at the
time like when it came out and I was not
into what I was seeing like in the
trailer yeah my god this game is gonna
suck and then when it came out it was
like to the states like one of my
favorite games and I just love the
half-life series but that was one of
those things where it's just like the
gameplay and the story and the time I
came out I never played half-life long
because it's time to come out I don't
think I had a computer that was up to 3d
games at that point oh I see I can't
member one that was it was like early
90s or mid 90s mid nineties probably
yeah I guess yeah I guess with this
question I'm thinking a more recent
things but
I think it is mean in general what are
some great movies and games that look
like shit um I mean clerks clerks looks
pretty crappy I never never never liked
never liked clerks no I saw it I would
say about ten years ago for the first
time oh really yeah I think you had to
have seen it at that I think so yeah it
kind of captured something did not like
it for the era but yeah um the early
John Waters movies look pretty terrible
and they're some of the funniest things
ever
Eitan Diller I don't know if I would say
they're good movies no half-life was 98
99 okay
how would you see the trailer for that
new Kevin Smith movie the yoga losers Oh
God
and I'm a defender of tusk I actually
kind of like tusk tusk was like I think
the best movie yet it had a weird like
yeah I don't give a fuck anymore
attitude that I kind of appreciated it
really goes off the rails though like it
that's kind of what I liked about it
though it just really felt like all
those Johnny Depp scenes well the Johnny
did about haribol in it he's the worst
part unwatchable and I and he's in the
yoga hosers too which is unfortunate god
damn it um everything aside from him
like like the fact that Michael parks
takes his performance so serious
oh yes well he's a great actor is what
makes it kind of great but yeah yeah so
as someone that actually defends Tuscan
I know a lot of people hate that movie
yoga hosers looks like the worst thing
yeah starting like Kevin Smith's
daughter and Johnny Depp's daughter
takes place in Canada so there's lots of
bad Canadian jokes yeah
well that's this whole thing tusk was
Canada damn it now he's just doing
everything in Canada and make it worse
laziest easiest jokes like Johnny Depp
is playing some like make fun of
Canadians but it's like bad jokes it's
like the Johnny Depp's playing like a
french-canadian cop and it's like you
don't know anything about like Quebec or
Montreal it's like this is some sucky
some Parisian and he's wearing a beret
anonymous so this has anyone seen the
movie under the skin I recently watched
it and it was dot dot dot interesting I
really liked I love under the skin it's
actually one of my favorite movies of
like the last decade it's it finds that
perfect balance that I like in a movie
where it's abstract but there's still a
story that you can you know to kind of
tie everything together
yeah for me it didn't have like a the
strongest narrative but I think it was
like I think it's I think it's perfect
music I have the soundtrack it's great I
like the yeah the thing that they were
just yeah she's just driving around and
talked
can you real people for always really
interesting no it's it's a sad movie - I
mean it's about this alien that's tries
to understand humanity and realizes that
she can like it's sad I like that movie
a lot but yeah I love the I love the
tone and the look of it all I love that
yeah when the visuals in like the the
music kind of like very very well and it
just had this awesome vibe to it yeah
that's what I have a I didn't know if it
existed yep I have under the skin I have
the which I have all these things that
are just like weird ambience and
shrieking noises vinyl movies do that
it's sad I like it a lot J Bowman it's a
very huge story about a character that
isn't human
Starman so he said I think star man's
quite an underrated carpenter film oh
yeah that's how I've never seen it it's
good I've only seen it once maybe twice
when I was really little it's very
different for John Carpenter yeah it
seems like a kind of all right I am
going to open this up to anybody who
wants to join I'm creating private
private room
the name is prereq our lowercase
one-word P re re C and passwords gonna
be one two three four so anybody who
owns rectally can join in
all right so remember star man was like
kid it was like a kind of big hit wasn't
it yeah that was sort of John Carpenter
trying to make up for like an extreme
because the thing was such a mean Alien
movie and it came out right around the
same time as et oh that's right yeah so
he followed it up with star man this
really sort of gentle alien film I've
never seen star man should I
yes it's good I think that's the only
thing it's the only Carpenter film I
haven't seen have you seen memoirs of an
Invisible Man
yeah I saw it in the theater that's the
the least John Carpenter movie oh my god
that's not John Carpenter I didn't know
it was John Carpenter I believe it was
just sort of like a work-for-hire kind
of thing yeah where he's just like
alright I'll do this Chevy Chase Chevy
Chase I haven't seen it since I was a
little kid I remember thinking it was
okay I just remember he was weird
maybe he just wanted to do a film that
had an Invisible Man effect did I don't
know I don't know why there are the
effects of the time were kind of cool
but it was yeah like I was it really
boring
Sam Neil's the villain in it so that's
the first time oh yeah that's right John
Carver Narelle of Sam Neill and then he
worked for them again on in the mouth of
and us there's Daryl Hannah
is there a Hannah in it doesn't she I
don't remember
wonderful jims forgotten about the
stream or he's just like I got so tired
you just went to bed exhausted it's been
an exhausting week Amy yes everybody
everyone in this room oh my god you
gotta be kidding me nap like we get up
for breakfast we drag ourselves out get
some breakfast at the hotel and then go
back to bed and we nap for another two
or three hours before getting up again
and I can nap again we've we have gotten
some shit done we've gotten a lot done
it's like every day that first night was
just like man we packed so much in the
first night oh yeah the whole first day
like oh that's right yeah I thought I
was thinking of like filming stuff but
oh no it's not necessarily filming but
he did the tube I remember last year was
the worst like I've never been so tired
I just look at myself like in though
there's also some space cops effect
we're going on dad yeah yeah it was the
two times before that but I remember
just last year like when I even look at
myself and like the best of the worst
like video my oh my god and so tired and
I gently look super tight yeah I felt it
like I was just like every night we'd be
doing something I couldn't be wrong but
I think that best of the worst with
films gonna be a classic yeah as far as
what we had to work with and what we
came up with yeah I think I think it
might be good I don't know but the well
the other one maybe with some editing
okay editing magic you know why cuz well
you never know until you like trim all
the empty silence crap out
we got weird we got things to show we
fine uh gay for J says what are your
guys as thoughts on the Trailer Park
Boys
that's a Canadian thing right it is cos
like east coasts like Nova Scotia I
think for Halifax yeah seen half of one
episode I think I've seen like a half a
season the first season was on Netflix
most of it I can't remember how many
seasons there were there were a lot and
then a bunch it just recently came back
on Netflix I haven't seen the most
recent one but the one before that I
think I the first of the new like
Netflix seasons I watched and yeah it's
really funny yeah it was kind of it's
like one of this I think is funny yeah
it's like all right it's good
I never yeah it's pretty dumb and I
wouldn't go to my way to watch it that
was Ellen Page you got started on it oh
that's right you much I had no idea
early Ellen Page speaking of early Ellen
page which is referring to something
yeah yeah that's like something you
would make up yeah it's like yeah the
title sounds like a joke
that's a stay tuned that would be like
yeah something I'm like mr. Show or
something if they had to list a bun 20
movies yeah yeah come on would be
something you guys would make up
fuck off ghost Oh anonymous says have
you seen have any of you seen bone
tomahawk oh no I haven't
Jim Jim and I were talking to a bone
tomahawk because I thought that movie
was fantastic oh he has more it's a
Western horror movie starring Kurt
Russell and contains one of the most
grotesque death scenes I've seen in a
while yeah put anything in green for
green inferno to shame yes there is a
moment in that movie that is one of the
most shocking things I've seen and it's
hard to shock me wait but it's the way
it was executed and where it comes in
the story it's in May
it's funny he mentioned screen inferno
because Jim watched green inferno and
then said bone Tom Hawk was everything
that
yeah I thought green inferno would be
yeah I don't know how Eli Roth keeps
getting high I think he's knock-knock
garbage is one of the most hilariously
bad movies is terrible and it's almost
exclusively because of Keanu Reeves
performance is bad it's so bad in ages
he was into two westerns in this last
year bone tomahawk and he still got it
so he's sorry I just haven't seen it is
he's still great he doesn't need to work
anymore and I think he's more about I
know what do I feel like doing yeah yeah
oh yeah he's reached that point where
you can do that King Goldie Hawn have a
cottage in Ontario oh really well they
still together
listen Hollywood a couple would have not
gotten to baby ever get married they
would be other for decades that's
interesting and yet yeah it was a great
photo I have of him it was like I sent
it to April it was like him it looks
like he's outside of his cottage he's
wearing a t-shirt that says Canada he's
got a big Goblet of wine and smoking
like outside of his front door I'm like
hey it's Kurt Russell
he's so cool I hope recruit more pimps
for you is back with more pretentious
stuff
I'm joking because oh yeah I think the
word pretentious is way overused but
anyone ever see Pierre Allah for lift
for all the time I recently fell in love
with that in the Seventh Seal so I'm
looking for a beautiful dark twisted
foreign Criterion type movies also JVC
neon demon I've not seen the M demon
I love the Seventh Seal but I have not
seen Pierre Lafleur oh yeah Kurt
Russell's and guardians of the galaxy -
oh yeah he's gonna be like which is
exciting that's great I wasn't gonna be
the dad or something he's dead yeah
that's the that's the theory but it
hasn't been confirmed it would make
sense yeah that would be awesome
curl so god damn it he's great he
elevates everything that he's
in trouble I wish that John Carpenter
would do that lie but I don't think he's
been doing that song oh really
yeah he doesn't want to sing it wants to
play his keyboard yeah that's true I
guess we could just sample it on the
keyboard like a guest artist I've seen
like a photo on YouTube and I think it
was one of the John Carpenter concerts
that he's touring we're doing now and I
think it's just the laziest fucking
thing
no there's video of it is totally into
it I saw one clip and it just seemed
like he had the keyboard going I could
swear it was just like playing Auto yeah
and it was one of those as much as I
like his music and repetitive shirt oh
yeah yeah whatever he cracks John Carper
ya know it's catchy stuff though and his
original songs for the loss seems albums
he's been doing or great but no at for
all the reports I've heard it shows that
he's done already is that he's totally
into it and he feels like it like a
rejuvenated musician okay so I thought
one clip and that was what I'm basing
the Sun so I mean he's not jumping
around the stage but he's into what he's
playing I even heard a report that he
danced a little bit at one of his shows
so reports that he danced is dead but
mud birthday John capital Dead's rich
why do you hate John Carpenter hope Joe
carpenter hashtag rich hates everything
somebody somebody said rich say you can
be critical of things she's the word
hate hey oh no are they like sampling
that or something
was he dancing because he was possessed
might not be something if an artist like
someone that's been around for decades
that's well lights and has done work
that people admire well maybe something
if they just got possessed by a demon Oh
makes you so damn sure this hasn't
happened it's true
oh wait somebody's saying oh as Mike is
saying Colin have you seen waken fright
yes he's asking you because he asked me
constantly yes I haven't watched it and
I've been telling everyone to see this
movie it's so good it came on Netflix
and I work at a place and one of the
directors there is like Jesus Christ my
favorite movie is this movie called wake
in fright movie Australian movie and he
said you can't find it but it's on
YouTube it's never been released no Tom
blu-ray just came out of livery yeah so
I just found it on Netflix one day and
watched it it is fucking amazing it's
horrifying horrifying
it's got John Donald Pleasance is in it
and I later found out it's a Canadian
director and he directed weekend at
Bernie's oh really
first one though not the second one I
don't know if he did the second one but
yeah
fantastic movie oh my god is just oh
it's so uncomfortable to watch
Ted conscious Oh God yeah it's just one
of those God like I never want to watch
it again but it's just so good that
describes the type of movies I like oh
man you can watch them with someone else
to say they say that was good I never
want to see it again yeah
if you had to pick one which one would
you watch Halloween six or Jason goes to
hell I've never seen can anyone answer
that other than me I saw both of those
in the theater which was way too young
six Halloween six is the one with Paul
Rudd and the magic and the magics well
that's in the the original the producers
caught they call it really he saves the
day with magic stones
it's so stupid um I would rather watch
Jason goes to hell because Halloween 6
sucks
who's the Halloween where they did the
CG mask for some that's some h2o okay
cuz it was like constant a constant
struggle no one could decide what they
wanted the masks to look like yeah so
there's multiple different masks in that
movie really and there's one shot where
they they did a CG mask because and it
looks terrible like it looks awful in
the movie the company I was working at
at the time was bidding on those shots
oh really dude this mask is like I'm so
confused
why are they doing CG for a rubberband
why are they doing CG masks yeah they're
all the movie the mask keeps changing
and nobody can explain to me why they
were doing a CG mask yeah like they're
like well he wants to be kind of like
dirtier and and it's negative ducts it
stands out so much in the movie it's an
alright movie h2o I think it's okay this
is the one more
what scream came back for Jimmy Lee
Curtis okay back yeah yeah it's not bad
that ignore the last thing three it's
basically Halloween one and two and then
it ignores the rosio is cool no I'm not
cool EO is
Busta Rhymes sing Halloween resurrection
I mean huge racist Halloween Halloween
resurrection is all oh okay okay
that one's terrible Oh God
LL Cool J was deep blue sea all right
yeah right around the same time is Paul
the resurrection right all those rappers
I can't keep I see I see when he's cool
something cool II cool Nick dog I see
make it cool cool HR Pufnstuf then we
have in Toronto we have snow he's super
cool because snow the rapper famous for
Informer nobody in their chat remembers
cuz they were all fetuses yeah cuz you
know there's lots of snow in Toronto
also maybe does some some cocaine yes a
song called legal about how women there
of legal age so he makes a fun legal
tender in it it's terrible now we've got
now we've got Drake yeah that's all we
got that's enough den bub says Jay do
you have any favorite film noir no Dark
City would that be considered film noir
oh yeah okay say so so I'm definitely
gonna say dark is that like classic film
noir or is that a movie that is a Vokoun
old film noir yeah I think film noir is
like you'd have to go way back that's
the exactly and I'm not like some
Maltese phone yeah I'm not well-versed
enough on that to release asleep
T Carlisle for says hey guys leave all
your work goes curious if any of you
were fans of any anthology series like
Twilight Zone Outer Limits Tales from
the Crypt etc Twilight's was great and
if you had any favorite episodes yeah I
love this while its own and I love tales
from the crypts Twilight Zone was before
my time but I watched it a lot as a kid
and then Tales from the Crypt I grew up
with I can't pick a favorite I've got
the Olympic Pigman episode oh yeah it's
a classic Twilight Zone is my favorite
anthology series of all yeah mine just
for nostalgic reasons as Tales from the
Crypt I grew up with that it was so it
was so much like harder edge than
Twilight Zone was it really it had a
punny hose yeah I was like the shittiest
puns dear they're redoing it
yeah I'm night Shyamalan he's just
producing it if they don't have the
Crypt Keeper if it's just a new end I
don't think you know that they're
calling tales from the cold it's like
why I heard that he's not gonna be in it
see that that's like a waste I hope it's
like the host it's like it's M night
Shyamalan doing the Crypt Keeper one of
my favorite tales from the crypts is I
think was called T V terrors it was the
lead and it was Morton Downey jr. the
famous loudmouth talk-show hosts and he
goes into a supposedly haunted house
with his crew and and spooky things
start to happen that's a good episode
John Carpenter's body bags yeah I have
that on blu-ray I don't remember the
quality I just remember him doing it um
it's okay it was shot originally it was
supposed to be like a pilot for a series
yeah and at some point they just decided
they didn't want to do the series so
just released it as like a an anthology
movie it's alright
was it like I thought it was long like
Showtime was a serious short briefly it
was on Shore time just as a like a made
for show Tom wasn't he yeah so what was
it it's it's it's well in its current
form it's an anthology movie but it was
it was three directed by John Carpenter
directed the first two the third one was
directed by Toby Hubert okay and Toby
Huber one stars Mark Hamill real and
it's the darkest one it's really dark
he gets like this I in plants like he's
a baseball player yeah and I think he
gets in a car crash and so his eye gets
fucked up so the implants a new eye and
it turns out to be the eye of like a
serial killer yeah yeah
I always happens but it's really like
the first two were sort of playful and
fun and then that one gets like really
dark so like John Carpenter was gonna
like produce the series or something
yeah oh yeah a host of presenters died
he hosted it yeah he produced it and he
hosted it he was like a Crypt Keeper
type host kind of looks like this Crypt
Keeper but they put him in like this
old-age makeup and he was in like oh
they put him in old age man yeah well
that's not needed this was like 27 years
ago like he looked like mr. burns yeah
although he quit smoking like a year ago
yeah which is almost like wait wait yeah
whatever
no body bags is okay he's like lung
tumors have tumors yeah I loved was
talking to you about the Twilight Zone
maybe recently but it was all Richard
Matheson wrote a lot of them he was like
Stephen King's writing Idol yeah who
wrote I am Legend right yeah which is
one of my favorite books of all time
okay so if he saw a good Twilight Zone
episode it's probably because Richard
Matheson wrote it or Rod Serling
speaking one of them so we gonna change
smokers first the blue blaze says I
wrote a script for a short movie but
don't know who's here Oh Jim's here he's
in the chat hey hi Jim Jim you're a
short movie but don't know anybody who
either wants to or is able to work with
me on making it what do I do
make it yourself it'll be terrible and
then keep making movies until they start
to suck less and then eventually you'll
make something good that's that's it
for people who pick up on that yeah also
have you seen have also have you seen
John wick I think it's a great action
movie oh yeah I'm wick is really
surprisingly good I loved it I was I was
really surprised by that movie I love
the hotel I love the kind of world yeah
that's really subtle world building
going on there was like almost like it
could be like a TV show
like there's different characters yeah
well now they're doing a sequel yeah
which I don't know I don't know we'll
see I just love the simplicity of that
movie I love like the little you know
you're not allowed to fight one another
in the hotel and yeah they're kind of
token the gold like coins with their
broom that they pay for I thought that
was terrific such good movie I love it
it's all cuz of a puppy the puppy gets
killed yeah anonymous says Jay I know he
saw enemy so I was wondering you know if
you saw any of that directors other
films specifically prisoners and Sicario
also do you know this director is doing
the new Blade Runner film yes I know
he's doing Blade Runner Danny Bill move
I have not seen prisoners
I saw Sicario which is a good movie but
I didn't personally connect with it just
because I didn't care about the subject
matter but it's really well made and
really well acted I think he's
french-canadian yeah cuz enemy was shot
in Toronto right yes yeah it takes place
in Toronto yeah yeah and it really
showcases all the ugly architecture
making fun of it was the ugliest city
section that they had yeah so as a joke
I remember I was working on space cop I
actually built I think it was one of the
buildings that he goes to I took it from
your episode where it was like a flyover
and it was like this sort of tribe
three-prong
like oh yeah right no they're everywhere
yeah and they really showcase it in that
movie
it's like Mike was saying ugly Toronto
wasn't I actually built one in 3d in the
back of space cop is like a fuck you
like you never actually saw enemy did
you know I have a seen a
watch it well it was on iTunes and now
you can only it's only for purchase you
can't rent it I'm pretty sure it's on
that hard drive I gave you oh really I
think so it might it might be on my
other one didn't that I ripped from the
blu-ray that I bought
wait Marc Maron interviews John
Carpenter tomorrow oh well that's
interesting that could be good yeah
that's Jim saying that Oh Marc Maron
does amazing interviews Oh that'd be
great
Toronto yeah octave J Toronto uh a
Ference as rich yeah I love your XCOM to
stream it made me buy the game yeah
which is at a pretty good discount now
thanks to the steeped us the steam
summer sale
40% off now on Stan I can't wait to miss
I can't wait to miss from two feet away
with my Rangers Thord I don't know what
that means you'll miss a close shot a
high percentage shot
Frisco Jones says hi J here's two bucks
to hear you talk about the Tales from
the Crypt episode carrion death with
Twin Peaks his own Kyle MacLachlan
probably my favorite episode um I don't
remember that one
oh no that the one in the desert when
he's like handcuffed to a cop or
something I don't remember any
individual Tales from the Crypt except
for the homicidal Santa Claus well
that's that's one of the best ones is
carrion death that might be the one in
the desert in which case I barely
remember it I'm so sorry
Frisco Jones does he cut his hand off I
don't know someone cuts their hand off I
think it's like a like a if I'm thinking
to the right episode of like a chicken
kind of thing with a hand saying weird
no I think it's like a cop and comic
logons like a like a thug that he's
arrested and they're handcuffed together
and they get stranded in the desert or
something and then the cop dies so it's
it's comical are all his dead body I I'm
I have no idea if this is correct or not
when gallagher walked out of a marc
maron interviews that was someone saying
like well there's only well actually
there's two gallagher yes i was gonna
say there's only one it's his brother oh
really
yeah it was there was gallagher and then
gallagher - which was his brother who
looks exactly like him that kind of took
over the shtick i don't know if anyone's
confirmed that I'm right about this
Tales from the Crypt episode or not
rich what happened to the overlay I
don't have it on today give it another
shot
I said I'd like let Jack redesign it
make a little bit smaller and we'll see
what happens I owned Jack try he's gonna
hold on it for some reason
what's the Overlook say you gotta be
optimistic no it's got an email
previously recorded just went live
plummet late ah damn unreliable but I'm
techni I wonder what they're with your
plane you get it right away but your
phone has to to give you emails right
away yeah if it's not been summer
shandi's Jim is saying oh my god spotted
cow right now we're drinking fuel cafe
Stout brewed with coffee and I'm
drinking a fixed-gear American red I PA
I had a summer Shandy this afternoon it
was a grapefruit Radler which is very
similar if anybody has not been to
Milwaukee the beer is amazing here
which is perfect me because I don't
drink yeah it's place to go if you're
not alcoholic oh this is the worst place
to come I think I think get your
questions and now I think two more
matches and then that's about good yeah
sounds about right
two more matches yeah I hate to hate
IPAs yeah mr. glitch I really like the
left hand milk stout but you can't get
those at home those are very good
Liberty Village Jim and I used to in
heap Jim and I used to work in Liberty
Village at visual effects company there
John yeah
Jim just said that confirmed conferring
for not life mr. Berger I'm a missing
one nope mr. Berger 69 says rich yeah I
bought hand of fate because of the
prereqs dream and review and I'm
wondering if you ever beat it
I will eventually I end up lying a lot
of shit I'm very close to the end I'm
just gonna just sit down and play for
the rest of the fucking game basically
okay he says I like the game until the
last three bosses which were total
garbage
oh my god so I don't know if you got I
think I'm think I'm down to the last two
bosses okay Oh is Jim leaving he said
okay bye all you folks have a good sleep
see you later Jim my job I'll see you
this weekend I won't
yeah take the piercing take that up to
tree
my rich Jim missing thanks again be
spelled it wrong Jim confirm for drunk
unacceptable somebody really wants you
to talk about quake rich what do you
want me to say about it are you gonna
play quake champions
not much of a multiplayer guy and that's
like a multiplayer focused ones probably
not it's too much I can't stand
multiplayer games multiplayer only ME ME
unlike online well just like um what's
that mech one no the one that came out
for Xbox one Oh Titan titanfall and like
sort of Star Wars battlefield all that
sort of thing it's almost like you know
they make the engine they make the
graphics they make the settings and
locations and stuff like that it's like
yeah we'd have to make a game yeah yeah
yeah whatever
multiplayer only that's how they want
they just like that multiplayer yeah
true the single-player they hate the
multiplayer I know just like we did
wouldn't the hell did that become a
thing it's like multiplayer only it's
like the laziest that's since game
development was taken over by larger
corporations you know it just seems so
fucking lazy oh my god we just got a
bunch of tips in a row here whoa
Michael Cody CA says dear mr. fraud any
plans to play another do s game or doom
wad you fucks do si look at another dos
game boss boss
that's what do s stance or yeah but you
don't see the u.s. you say das right I
don't know these things
there's no media plans to specifically
play a DOS game it'll just happen will
be can I bet a dust game in a while as
far as Doom one's yeah I've been
thinking about it I'm thinking about
looking up one of the best dooms single
you know
singleplayer what are the best dude
wants and maybe play some of those doing
ones like doing levels do mods user made
for Bill Holt says Colin please tell us
a favorite Canadian drinking story which
I don't know how that's different than
any other drinking story you say a lot
tell us the drinking story that is
exclusively Canadian there is no story I
don't understand I don't tell a lot of
personal stories you tell them about the
pickle bag shots I don't think you guys
have those years free take what a Jamis
I can tell you Brian chaser oh yeah yeah
actually is really good if you like
pickle I hate pickles I did go to the I
worked on the movie spawn unfortunately
oh my god yeah yeah and then they had
the premiere in Toronto and did you do
the mouth of the devil no at the
premiere it was like Todd McFarlane came
and then Marilyn Manson and his band set
behind us and they were all in costume I
guess they were playing in Toronto like
the next night or something like that
and they did music for the movie yeah
and they were there sitting and they
were all eating like little gummy bears
and then the effects supervisors
grandmother was there and they they were
very nice and they kept passing down the
gummi bears to her but they were all
like in this like horrifying makeup like
85 years old nice young men and then we
went to the after party and then I got
to meet Todd McFarlane who talked a lot
he loves himself does he loves douchey
and person he was fine but man oh man
like he did an intro on the stage before
the movie and goddamnit he didn't
stop talking you just seems like one of
the most unlikable people yeah yeah it
was fun I just went up and shook his
hand and you know who really likes Todd
McFarlane dad making you cares
I remember he told me he turned what
it's actually a very ugly drawing style
yeah that's true yeah it's made a lot of
money
heaps myths vitamins eyes big now I get
to be a millionaire he wait he's too big
he keeps talking about spawn - yeah
no not sponsor just making a new movie
right make it a new spawn but I remember
it was really funny when the the weekend
the movie was released they had to
review in the local newspaper and I
think they had like an interview with
Todd McFarlane and he was like slamming
the movie like before didn't even come
out he was like god sake yeah whatever
it's like this movie is like 60% of like
you know what I wanted to do is like the
next one no double blood it's like come
out you what a fucking terrible movie
and I remember having to were sitting in
front of all the producers and stuff
like that and we had to talk to them
after the movie you're just like goes
great walked away i think the producer
from our effects companies like yeah it
was terrible though and he just turned
to me he's like what the fuck he's
supposed to say it's like oh my god so
so bad and then we went to the
after-party and it was like old Marilyn
Manson and his friends and then Harland
Williams showed up the comedian oh he's
Canadian right he's Canadian yeah and he
was so drunk and I think why was he
there just cuz he's friends with the
effects supervisor Steve Williams okay
and he was so drunk bass spaz yeah and I
just seen up periscope
it just came out I think like a few
months before and I kept getting down
periscope
is it damn famous guy I think so okay I
kept getting him to do the dolphin
sounds he would do
dolphin oh yeah he was so so drunk that
he just kept doing them well that's a
great story
there you go I don't know if it's
specifically Canada but whatever well
Arlene Williams Canadian didn't happen
in Canada it's true kannada con recruit
more pimps for you he's back uh uh hello
last one no more pretentious movies just
saw ski from new york and big trouble
where do I go from here with John
Carpenter also Steve Howe from yes
should be the new Creek Cryptkeeper look
him up I don't know oh no the thing oh
yeah Oh manning is and then they live
but the thing is probably his best movie
on a technical level it's not my
personal favorite but it's a great movie
is your favorite big trouble my personal
favorite is escape from New York okay
for me it's Victor I know it's not as
best movie but it's my personality it's
the thing I think the thing is the thing
is just like a perfect movie yeah so
well made everything about it is like
perfectly executed I think big trouble
is more fun to watch oh sure yeah it's a
different type of movie definitely uh
and I like Christine a lot too that
one's about everyone forgets about
Christmas
that's so weird it's miner John
Carpenter but it's good that's what I'm
the remake pile when I get around to
that eventually
any probably yeah well that's like looks
like a Stephen King it's based on a
Stephen King book yeah so Carpenter is
not gonna get any money for that one man
oh yeah Richard Bachman Backman that's
right and I also really like Prince of
Darkness I love the music in that movie
oh yeah the atmosphere of it kinda like
a sense of dread yeah it just has a
constant dread in the mouth of the man
they're all good I'm a I'm a John
Carpenter apologist even as later movies
I like elements of except for ghosts of
Mars oh Jesus Christ
that's horrible this time it's lupus
says hey guys Colin so hey guys and
Colin I guess
love see how guys there are doubting
April's womanhood love love seeing you
guys on best of the worst the one with
the osteoporosis dance is still one of
my favorites all hail Canada now is very
funny
yeah I obviously they're all bones now I
couldn't like that was that was genuine
laughter this you saw in that in that
video and Mike Mike was on a roll that
night yeah when he gets a few beers now
there's something to be said for Eloise
cold dead no okay laughing I have to
explain that I've gotten a lot of flack
different things oh well first of all
everyone thinks I'm a racist because of
low blow you know him driving his car
bad I said Oh cuz he's Chinese well joy
here's the thing jokes are real I was
doing a joke as the producer of the
movie going contacts doesn't matter yes
whatever anyway always call thing you
have to understand it's like that whole
day was there were movies that we landed
on or videos that we land on that we
didn't show yeah because that whole day
was just a day of misery and when that
came up really tired we're really tired
I have to understand how tired and like
we'd been drinking and yeah why don't
you give your fan perspective of being
on yeah it's it's very weird so okay
like and then by the time you said that
Jay just said it out loud with no
warning and it was one of those
situations it's like of course she's
dead because every other thing in this
day is fucking miserable and I just
laughed
oh yeah is this one of those things just
lap happier than we're doing especially
Wheel episodes yeah it's maybe lost on
people a little bit cuz they're not
there you have to realize like you're
sitting there you you lose your mind a
little bit every time we do one of these
and that was like the second day in a
row because I think we shot the and this
is one day this isn't like segmented
yeah yeah this is it's
long day it's very grueling and that day
particularly was miserable the computer
video oh god that was that one rich yeah
oh you know what Oh tell you I'm doing
behind the scenes about that print call
something I haven't mentioned before oh
my god the the Chinese prank call yeah
out of that was me like ever since the
airplane I'm like oh god this phone call
thing is gonna come up again I'm just
gonna fall for the game as I'm talking
about a story now this is this phone
call thing oh god that was hit Mike's
gonna hand me the phone again and the
pressures gonna be on for me to perform
oh shit what am I gonna do and then it
happened and then somehow I came up with
the Don Wilson bed magic and then the
pressure was really on oh now we're just
now I'm gonna be the fucking phone call
guy so the back of my head I was
thinking you know what I'm just gonna
take this one yes really I thought he
would edit that out never have to worry
about it
oh my god we're getting way behind here
uh Sara Chen says darn it I wanted to
play around at rocket league with y'all
but the room filled up quick I'm sorry
there's always more rocket League the
blue blaze says last question are there
any games or movies that you think
someone is wrong for liking or disliking
also rich if you still if you're still
trying sodas would you like some Boylan
bottling company soda from New York City
you shouldn't feel bad for liking
anything except for maybe Birth of a
Nation but that still has a historical
context that Sweet Home Alabama with
Reese Witherspoon know the song oh
karaoke classic no I mean in defensive a
governor wasn't let a black child go to
school is that what the songs about I it
was in it's like a response to a
response I think God like Neil Young
yeah it was something yeah they said
talk like that about Alabama and that's
how Sweet Home Alabama was written it
was in response to Southern Man which is
critical of you know racism that's right
Neil Young said something in interest
they were like southern man don't get
him around women hands yeah or something
like that and then sweet Alabama's no
you go Gibran no really young at least
the the response song was like fuck you
fuck me said oh yeah in general like
what you like we might jokingly say
you're wrong but but you're not really
who cares yeah the key is to not give a
shit what anybody thinks ever well this
is the whole thing about this Batman V
Superman whatever like you know oh well
the people that redsetter yeah the
people that are like to actively
defending that movie or like Psychopaths
well like the movie but why gets so
angry it just seems like insecurity it's
totally that in that angry that doesn't
like your precious Batman movie well
it's like they've invested so much of
themselves in a thing yeah like a movie
it's like people fight PC versus Mac or
Xbox vs ps4 right and it's like Marvel
vs. DC movies like you have no
self-worth
it's like the only thing you know don't
let the the entertainment or the art
that you like and consume exactly who
you are
it's like PC Xbox who cares but as a DC
fan I like and I have to yeah it's like
never mind that it's a good movie or bad
movie this says Star Wars I like it I
happen like Han don't you ever talk
badly about sir rules
and that's kind of pathetic I just I
just yeah like what you like I hate that
bullshit Michael Cote CA says this cost
me another $2 you better play alien
Vendetta
or I'll just be disappointed and still
watch okay is that like a sequel to
alien isolation I don't even know no
laughing at any chance we'll see rainbow
the clown show up as a monster in our
LMS next Phil you could make a movie out
of some sort of evil well no they just
made this boy Wow
Eli Roth presents Eli Roth it was it was
yeah it was okay actually it wasn't
great it's essentially the fly you can
touch the fly with looks like whatever
soon as I see as I draw from like fuck
yeah yeah I want to see this groovy ash
says hey J what did you think of
carpenters episode of Masters of Horror
cigarette burns um it was okay I don't
have a lot to say about it I've only
seen it once and it was all right it was
better than his second one which was I
don't even know what is called but it
was like a demon attacking a Planned
Parenthood yeah I it was really terrible
I think Ron Perlman was in a of course
let me guess he was the demon no no he
might not even be wasn't the handsome
lead I could be wrong about an evil guy
in it but I think he might have been in
it he spent like his 80% of his career
in makeup yeah he doesn't need me
Oh gagarin 99 somebody said it was
called pro-choice oka gar p9 unites us
in wheel the worst ten you asked do you
think the how to trick women into
sleeping with you through hypnosis video
is more or less sleazy than this
compared to show off how to be it cool
at parties which is it well this it's
strictly win with obviously I don't
remember us
even comparing the two if we it's
marketing itself as one thing but it's
really another oh maybe well no the the
hypnosis one is the worst thing ever
so that wins I've seen so many
disgusting things it's true it's amazing
that these things exist oh yeah and the
idea that someone made it 20 30 years
ago and they know it was out of their
life and it was likable back then yeah
hey let's rape a woman who's unconscious
like anybody ever thought that was
acceptable pretty sure that video was
even sleazy and it has the real net boy
says please ask Colin and/or April there
I think they mean opinion of the film
strange brew with Bob and Doug from sctv
I saw that when it came out I took me to
see it I loved it
those characters are funny I don't think
that movie I agree works as a movie yeah
I think it just yeah it's like we're on
the single I kind of grew up with SCTV
you know I just like watch it all the
time I did I would tape it every time it
came on and had a big tape and I'd love
that
sctv was fantastic I like that see TV a
lot so it was a big deal
I was watching have you ever heard
either the Bob & Doug albums they have a
couple albums no there's a song that
they play every year oh is that like a
thing video I think they were long days
of Kristen like yeah something they
still do or something they replay it's
kind of like how the song gets played
earlier because they were their album it
was like it was a huge hit
yeah it became a huge hit they were like
my least favorite characters on SCTV
oh really yeah they were just I found
them really boring but yeah I don't know
I like them we watch shows it's a fine
TV bits yeah they're great show
I swear my mom came over this Christmas
and I was watching no well we're not
that far behind we're like three behind
okay mister glitch hi all just curious
how long does the best the worst episode
typically take to make from beginning to
end
well shooting is an all-day thing we say
we're gonna start at noon and then Mike
shows up - I know and then you know we
dick around for at least half an hour
just sticking around talking and then we
don't always have the movies picked out
advanced sometimes we sometimes we take
in movies we try to a lot of the times
so we get started around 2:30 2:45 yeah
and then you got you know a lot of this
depends on movie likely 90 minutes to
watch film yeah sometimes we need to
decompress after each movie sometimes
and then you got another 90-minute film
yeah maybe lunch so like half an hour of
that one other two-hour movie yeah and
then then you get set up maybe an hour
or set up to you know record get lights
mics tested and everything yeah and then
you do an hour to two hours worth of
talking yes so it's a full day it's a
long day and then editing is the most
complicated thing but is okay so I've
always wanted to know this like how do
you so you know you were Mike you've got
to watch all three movies with everybody
then you've got to watch all the movies
you've got to watch everybody watching
the movies yep again yep - no we're Club
site then you gotta watch the movies -
put clips from yeah well by that point
you don't need to watch the movies again
you're really three scroll through the
footage of it and then you've got to
watch the discussion yep and then sift
through that well you have to cut the
video for the discussion you know
between cameras then you also have to
cut the audio because if you have all
four tracks it's like an echo nightmare
so you have to mix the sound it's it's a
complicated thing it sounds like a lot
of work the the last one the dangerous
man episode was the most time-consuming
one I've ever edited so like from
beginning to end like say how long um
at best a week I'll say Wow sometimes
longer but the shooting of it is always
done in a day
it's the editing that takes up the most
time I can't it's it's yeah it's fun
though it can be fun that's the thing
like people don't realize like how long
yeah this takes and it's like oh my god
all the footage you have to sift through
fine like nuggets yeah but that's my
favorite part anyway is that adenine so
you know you find ways to make things
funny that maybe weren't when you shot
it yeah there's so many options snuke
seven says Colin how sore was your face
from laughing after the best of the
worst
osteoporosis video ever have you ever
laughed that hard before no I haven't
yeah we were like again like we're
talking about like being slap-happy and
stuff like that and that was that was a
long one I think well first of all we
were very drunk by that point Mike gets
drunk he is very very very funny and
yeah that was oh my god I've never lost
so as soon as the they're all they're
nothing but bones oh my god and he was
just coming and going was this joke
after joke after joke and I just
couldn't stop laughing it was so funny
mainly because like it was so horrible
we were laughing at like the old ladies
well that's another slap-happy element
it comes into play yeah your mind is not
in its normal state doing something so
horrible itself becomes funny becomes
funny exactly yeah you're not
necessarily laughing at these like
horrible things yo my god I can't
believe like like Mike or Jesse or
somebody's like said that they're all
good yeah um this time it's lupus says I
disagree that the hypnosis tape is worse
than the revenge tape
the hypnosis tape will not work but
there are still legit things that the
revenge tape covers oh yeah I can
actually ruin people's lives like having
your neighbor deported if your neighbor
is the minority they're a member of the
minority of the minority weren't they
saying like something like they're doing
so soft a car almost got the point where
is like sever their black lash yeah push
gas that ruins the engine like yes an
asshole move now yeah it's it's pretty
despicable I am alright that's caught up
all right good
all right I'm going to read and let's
see if I have any names we got cut off
at some point when doom crashed oh and I
hear somebody lost some people and I
apologize for that but I'm gonna read
every name I have here ehh he curses
aids people who subscribe to sky dandy
21 fucking months in a row they say uh
21 months of not knowing how to cancel
this is VG 64 and they say terrence
malick more like hack frog omgscoots see
cars i'll Carly Carly Carlile link it
before T Carlo says I guess I'm supposed
to let free Rick no it's my nine-month
anniversary my subscription is a fully
formed fetus G RIF 18 months in a row
hum tardy
has researched grammars no that's free
subscribe for three months in a row and
then so that's just the name oh god
that's really it's really confusing to
read has 16 months in a row no the name
is heads right am i reading a real worst
yeah it's just a missing name because it
may but no I don't know because I'm
tardy we said for three months she says
has though it justice has are you
subscribed but the other what do they
say there's no name oh that's really
weird I think it maybe got cut off or or
it's some kind of technical glitch or
just anonymous maybe you can do this
anonymously no I don't know yeah that's
interesting I they say I love wearing
pants
JJ cheek er and they say eggs Wilkins
the clown seventeen months in a row die
Glocke fifteen months in a row no fear
no Envy sixteen months in a row they say
what am I doing with my life
it's a very good question yeah joyful
sad and Ivan lease streams thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it and
no joke today you have
