Overwatch, but not XCOM related (part 1)
August 31, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=akIoOFvE048

now well then you know you're gonna get
up to grab a beer after starting cuz I
kind of think that's funnier is me like
starting the stream and then getting up
but I just want confirmation that we are
streaming first and and then and then we
will we'll get up and get a beer
are we streaming maybe
nice nice but no great the watch of the
over watching begins welcome everybody
welcome streaming from Jax tiny computer
that is not overheating it's tiny
computer that is overcompensating that
is overcompensating with with giant
heaters but it's not overheating and
hopefully nothing will melt today so I'm
gonna I'm gonna go get a beverage and
then I'll be holding right now I can
smell the burning plastic do you think I
mean that's probably just a Lego holding
up the graphics card did you send can
you show that you got to tweet out that
painted I did I did tweet out that Pig
brilliant Jack has fixed his drooping
video card by jamming a Lego under the
corner he jammed a Lego under the corner
of his video card and yeah works I guess
total - Lego melts the Lego melts and
he's gonna have kind of all all kinds of
problems
rattling sound the Lego just got sucked
into the CPU cooler
yes leftover beefcake that is a definite
possibility definite definite
possibility is she
you should glue that Lego to the bottom
of the case Jack
you're gonna have a rogue Lego just
roaming around your PC it won't be good
won't be good oh my god we just got dark
yeah I'm looking for an actual solution
right now I don't think there is an
official solution no there's not an
official solution what I'm hoping to
find is like a nice I mean lucky good
yours is really low to the ground right
you could just jam a Lego under there
I've seen people online they've used
like chopsticks these pun titles are not
funny that's not true those pun titles
are great those pun titles are great I
should have just built my case out of
Legos that would've been great but no
and everyone told me I didn't need to
worry about the drooping right you don't
need to worry about the drooping the
cards droop but it wasn't just the
drooping because there was also all of
those cords I mean because it's such a
small case cords why we're pushing down
plus you've got the window inside your
case then it just looks ugly it looks
trashy that's the thing you know
drooping video card I would just think
about it every time so just it's a
little wedge Lego piece yeah oh well
then that it's still trashy well that's
why I'm looking for like something that
won't melt and that won't sync up heats
that I can put under there that will
look nice I just want something that
will look a nice what is it why is this
going anonymous says rich complains
about tired printable comments on rlm
videos rich ends Jack PC builds dream
and most right predictable way possible
somebody has a sore ass because I called
out the comment section a really sore
asshole yeah yeah I'm sorry by the way
what we
we came we put the stream back on that
wasn't we did the stream we did we I I
was thinking about leaving it but we did
put the stream back on to show everyone
the boot sequence it was functioning it
took me a long time to figure everything
out before we start playing I'm gonna
wait for people to if people want to add
me on battlenet hold on what's my what's
my thing again held on I'll type it in
again it's Harlech number one eight
seven four if you want to add me on
battlenet to play overwatch with me you
can do that while I tell a couple of
things that I did mess up that I'd
totally messed up the the power button
does not light up Oh
so one of those very tiny little pins
probably got a negative a positive and a
negative reversed probably there's you
be labeled there's no fixing it now
finishing me label you might just have
to switch them it's behind the heatsink
it's behind the giant heatsink
there will be no fixing no there will be
absolutely
oh yes hold on you're right sorry sorry
sorry there will be absolutely no fixing
of the Thank You did it did it talk
casinos I did not see any tweets of a
video we were featured in did you see I
did become because if you remember that
moment in the PC building stream in
which I almost knocked over my expensive
new computer right after ironically you
said Jesus help us right after you said
Jesus help us I almost fell over and
knocked over my computer and then the
camera fell down my mic fell down it was
a it was a lovely disaster after
that happened that got featured in a top
10 twitch fails of the week so rich
we're kind of famous name that we are
kind of famous now she's rich goes jesus
take the wheel off fuck and every
everything went to shit so thanks rich
for jinxing us they're great
hi I'm just yeah waiting a little bit so
the other the other weird thing and
people who have similar graphics cards
to me can let me know my my gtx 1070 has
three big fans on it and maybe just two
big fans i forget and when i first
loaded it up those fans were not
spinning and of course i wasn't playing
any games yet so it wasn't too worried
about it and then i was talking with
someone on something about this and they
they gave me a a monitoring program and
a fan program now those fans will only
spin if i run that program which just
starts up automatically when i start my
computer and it monitors everything so
it's not the biggest deal yeah but i'm
just wondering if something is a little
messed up that seems weird to me where
it's like I need to run this program in
order for the fans on my graphics cards
to run and I haven't I haven't like
turned off the program and then started
a game because I'm just too nervous it's
it's it's not really a problem I guess
is what I'm saying it's just not a
problem I mean there's a chance I don't
know your car already the documentation
maybe without that program it would just
start spinning once it detected the card
getting hot enough I don't know well I
see a mr. clicked is saying by default
the fan should only spin if the card
gets yeah so I'm thinking so yeah
probably just I wasn't pushing it which
is good because I don't want to push it
I mean that's kind of program to have it
run all the time
you want like if you're overclocking it
right right renegade area bacteria yeah
it's not Erica cuz it's a case I wanted
to say Erica whatever mild dyslexia
undiagnosed mild dyslexia I might have
really wanted to say Erica akira
renegade Akira hey guys what is your
favorite Tim Burton movie and why is it
Ed Wood by the way but hand of fate on
your recommendation and I'm loving it
mmm pleasure my rooster hand if it's a
great game well that was like oh that's
like a part time reading of lol
pleasures yeah oh well pleasure my
rooster and al pleasure my rooster
part-time part-time but let the take
they use part time Doyle eight seven one
says Jack how are you finding the PC
compared to your consoles I mean
obviously it's amazing I'm loving it
Beetlejuice for the records Beetlejuice
but go on is your oh um yeah yeah you
know what that's just the easy answer is
great but it's Beetlejuice and there's a
lot of good Tim Burton movies but
Beetlejuice is the correct answer the PC
experience has been wonderful so far
overwatch looks fantastic playing
overwatch with a mouse and keyboard
means that I can actually shoot stuff
and you know obviously I'm still like
getting used to it so I'm you're
probably gonna see me sucking a lot
tonight which I don't care about because
I'm gonna be having fun I've been
playing Deus Ex the new deus ex game and
they had one of those like in-game
stress tests I can't play them out of
order you can it's a prequel force of
this on me well not know though the
other one was they come out with two
ones in recent years this one in the
chronologically is not last in the
current in the chronological order
they've been out for years rich I can't
help it that you've never played them
before just start playing this one it
doesn't matter you know what it doesn't
matter
all right let's start a game I got
enough friends now
thanks battlenet friends all right how
do we start how do we start a game with
all y'all well you you figure that out
okay I'm gonna say and say and cephalo
pathetic says jack bitch no the pc build
was maybe the most compelling live event
i have seen in a while
tension and when the camera fell over I
nearly had a heart attack
Captain Black Adder says hey Jack yeah
how's that beard coming along what do
you think I do I said I shaved my head
and I trimmed up down here you probably
it's probably not you can't see it on a
camera oh good people are joining great
people are joining iced I joined I
started a game so it looks like people
are joining and you can join reverse
sideburns when you don't have hair on
top of your head in your honor beard how
you work that you just have to you have
to pick a spot yeah that's all I did was
I picked a spot to like a taper or
anything I just picked the stop start
shaving all right and you know what
luckily I have glasses I'm not joining
your group guys okay there we go now we
can start boom because I don't know what
joining your group means probably means
you stay together for a while oh that
might be I don't know alright let's get
started
oh my God look at this you guys are way
better like the more that's the Reaper
I'm gonna be Reaper this time cuz rich
likes how it looks but I see these
people with stars under their names that
I gotta say that is a completely badass
visual yeah yeah
Reapers great I approve of Reaper great
gave me silks though no I'm not hey I'm
not what nah oh yeah but he's terrible
to play with no no every I'm not joining
anyone's group I don't know what that
means
Jack doesn't know what a group means I
don't need it because I don't play but
Jack deaf
okay so here's here's what we got here
Reaper has two shotguns which is great
and look what he does to reload it just
has more she just has more shotguns
which is my favorite thing
and then Reaper can also teleport like
this yep so this isn't just stylized
it's also whimsical it's also a little
whimsical and then Reaper can also go
into Wraith form which means he's
invulnerable and moves a little faster
it doesn't last very long and people
usually pay attention to you or like
right when you come out of Wraith form
so it's MyID weaker when you come out no
no you're not weaker it's just just
people know so it's my job I'm gonna try
to sneak up behind people with Reaper
which actually is not the best class to
play with when you're screaming because
now everyone can see where I am
hi I get out here and out out out out
you die I didn't die Wraith form for the
wind up fuck fuck yeah no no everyone's
gonna go after me now go team go
Oh got out of there well what the fuck
was that things going on things going on
you're going to sneak up on people who
are watching your stream right that
seems unwise
oh I realized afterwards that I probably
made a bad call
somebody's busy playing they're probably
only listening problems mystery probably
I kind of hope they pay attention right
cuz this is late too right yeah yeah
those are tell yourself Phil look behind
them look like they're fine you can
actually be behind them oh I know
everyone's gonna unload their ultimate
on me and it'll be fine but you know
what I don't care cuz I'm having fun
playing it and I'm more importantly I
need the practice with mouse and
keyboard the real ban says he fell off
did you guys hear the reports of
multiple clones trying to lure children
into the woods in South Carolina I might
have seen something on that yes it's
true clown bigotry affirmed accept I'll
accept more friend requests in a second
jag is not playing on a controller jack
is using a mouse okay I'm using a mouse
and a keyboard I'm getting out of my
controller comfort zone yeah he is
learning mouse and keyboard
are you a there no no I mean it's
starting to feel comfortable yeah and
now I just have to aim you know like
every once in a while like if I get in a
really tense situation and I start
freaking out my my arms will no longer
listen to the rest of my live to my
brain so
Hey oh oh and CI and I still like my
ultimate just came up which would have
been great to use there but I didn't I
don't have the muscle memory yet of what
button does what I spin around and shoot
everybody around me okay it's pretty
cool you know it's pretty it's pretty
badass just playing maybe yeah you can
try I mean I I will not be preventing
him from playing I won't have any idea
what Jax keybinds are it'll be it'll be
terrible it's pretty sad absolutely
terrible but that's fine shit
shit running away where is everybody
where is everybody
see how bad at aiming I am oh come on I
was just about to use my so I'm still
getting good at aiming but I'm now
significantly more comfortable with
mouse and keyboard so I'll get there I
believe in me you know I believe in the
power of me favorite Gene Wilder movie
oh yeah cuz Gene Wilder passed away that
is true I have to be Blazing Saddles
a lot of people walk up well it's almost
like every Gene Wilder movie I have a
soft spot for his uh what was the blind
and deaf movie oh man right or see no
evil hear no evil I forget what the
order is but and it's kind of hokey but
I think it's fun no no that's a fun
concept the blind man teaming up with a
deaf man yeah to figure offices to
figure out the crime or they were
implicated to the crimes in it oh I
think that was a really did it yeah I
think they come out from here so I'm
gonna try to sneak up on someone yep hi
okay haunted honeymoon yeah but we're
talking best it's really Willy Wonka or
blazing seven
I got to diva gotcha this big target
right really I mean hey I'd say she's a
tank I took her down I took down the
tank at least divas fun because she has
that mech suit and if you destroy the
mech suit she pops out yeah and then you
can fight it as like a tiny girl it's
fun this is a fun game
ooh Young Frankenstein Oh roll rolling
say hey Blazing Saddles sure but I'll
put Young Frankenstein over Willy Wonka
I didn't grow up with Willy Wonka though
mm-hmm no that wasn't our generation it
was out obviously at the time I was
young but I hadn't really seen it but it
was a kid BUP boom TNG after dark says
good evil and sigh what is your favorite
spot on the best of the worst couch and
why it doesn't matter they're all fine
something next to a table if you got a
few next to that end table like in
between the two in the loveseat or the
couch but then that end yes but drinks
down right there that's nice I
definitely prefer to be straight on to
the TV yeah just because then you don't
have to strain your neck they'll pay
attention you'll notice that mic is
always somewhere near the Ottoman he's
gotta have he's gonna put his feet up
Mike you know what I'll be a healer I'll
be a healer this round
I love mercy we're at
everything looks very sexy everything is
very sexy and I'm not just talking about
her curves you build a nice machine as
well I'm saying and it's running smooth
as I was saying I did the Deus Ex stress
test and you know they they throw all
like volumetric lighting at you they
throw a particle effects at you and then
they give you like an average frame rate
and and I was averaging at at high
settings I was averaging over 59 frames
a second and I'm very very happy about
that
all right so mercy as the healer she can
either heal someone or give them a
damage boost like that yeah and then she
can also I have to figure out how to do
this she can fly to people I don't think
you're playing with viewers ah yeah I
think we are how about hello I should be
playing with yours yeah there's
gobbledygook sagt Oh Jay we're playing
we're playing with you were playing
against I don't know doesn't matter
what you know we don't need you so the
white bars of their health yeah I see
you like the white in the yellow yeah
that's their health and and some people
get like shields and shit what's the
yellow those are lights like armor there
are some characters that can drop little
armored packets so do we care about
Justice League dark Jack Justice League
dark I have no idea what that is how
about that sounds like some kind of
hardcore evil just that's just what we
need no that's just what we need
whoa yes the DC EU needs more dark she
really needs more Dark Reign yeah you
know that's that's my one criticism of
DC movies right now is they're just not
dark enough it's not bad bad versus
Superman it was so happy he was so
disgustingly happy what are you talking
this shit up a little bit can Superman
crush Lois Lane's head that's what we're
really pretty good he just gets tired of
his shit yeah shit shit don't you dare
aim that fuck you are you fucker
yeah fucker you aimed that wheel at me
that was not nice that was not nice
whose kill cam is this a vanya I didn't
appreciate that Justice League dark is a
team movie with supernatural DC
characters in it such as Constantine
Deadman is a tenor some yellow devil
character okay alright great good is
that a good thing maybe
shit Constantine swap things dead man
yeah you know what I guess that could be
kind of fun
Jack I'm supposed to ask you what your
favorite map is in this game oh that's a
good question I like a lot of maps I
like by any of the people you need to
heal right well I'm working on it but
that's why I have my fly cuz I can go
like this already
Betty please do it do it god damn it I
did it why didn't you do it sooner cuz I
cuz I couldn't someone died someone died
that was a ghost you weren't there
Kyle they dicks what God with a good
time so you didn't heal better yourself
I couldn't get there fast enough rich I
couldn't get there fast enough
oh but we got it we got the objective so
we win so everything's fine
does the owner have absolutely zero
attacks no she does I can go
she has like a little pea shooter but
it's not much yeah it's not much it's
there if you need it it's there if you
need it I got you
whoa oh my god isn't that great can you
fly over that no we're gonna fly if you
can't fly I can only fly two people I
can fly two people what are the persons
on the other side of that that's it's a
great question oh it's a legitimate
question well demand answers damn it
well I know I can't I mean I can't get
there Naama says hello Roach and jag
column drag rock why don't you have a
super cool hair like Mack Landis neck
lands maxilla it is yep yeah rock why
don't you have that what is rock is it
no rock is Rick just does the surface
than our yeah we're like Jack I guess
but I assumed that be you I think the
answer to both those it's because we're
losing our hair I just get I've lost ya
I've given up already
yeah they're on your head it grows yeah
I have you I have you oh fuck yeah fuck
yeah it was a story behind this hair was
oh it was when he was he was thinking
about whether or not he was gonna get
his TV show produced and if he got it
produced he would have he said he was he
was going to dye his hair weird colors
and he did he got the Dirk Gently show
produced but there was there was gently
yeah he's doing Dirk gently's holistic
detective agency with Elijah Wood I
think huh and and he was waiting to see
if it got greenlit and it got greenlit
while he was here Dirk Dirk Gently is
the other series of books by Douglas
Adams
who also did Hitchhiker's Guide to the
galaxy and Dirk Gently is great which
was books radio TV show Hitchhiker's
Guide to the galaxy was everything that
was in every conceivable medium oh I'm
sure I can't even hit radio I mean it
started there but fuck hey don't leave
me don't leave me you can get the Dirk
gently's holistic detective agency audio
book read by uh I lost the author's name
already
what's the author's name yeah oh fuck he
did do things before he died yes well
I'm saying you can get that audiobook
yeah and that's exciting that's how I've
read the audiobook or I listened to the
audiobook and and that's how I played
that's how I watched listened I'm
playing right now if we heard of the new
YouTube thing with controversial content
no what is the new YouTube thing with
controversial contact nope we don't know
what do you think we are professional
youtubers get get right out of that do
we see a resurgence of first person
shooters without regenerating health no
possibly maybe nice hard to predict the
future trends Evan flow mm-hmm
videos are getting demonetised if
they're deemed offensive oh really
well there goes our career they're
deemed offensive offensive right you did
any better definitions for that shit
offensive to whom yeah
what sort of offense
maybe I'm offended by Disney Ryan
because the you know the way they've
they've abused copyright law cabaret law
and they need a public domain they're
they're they're ruining of public domain
I find Disney videos offensive sure can
this so does that mean every Disney
video no longer monetize who gets to
complain to decide that's a great
question
oh no you died run away oh god I took
one with me at least I took one with me
take that my name is tape take that
well the wording is vague so the person
in charge can decide what he finds
offensive I just wonder if there's like
a general consensus if there's like a
vote system or you know I didn't how
does it work is an appropriate question
so the tyranny of the masses of a slight
majority of people doesn't like the F
word no video that has the F word can be
monetized right that's the you know I
don't know maybe it's a bad idea it
sounds to me like kind of a bad idea but
we don't get you know YouTube can do
whatever it wants because YouTube's a
private business it's probably based on
complaints against a video I'm sure all
I'm sure I shouldn't be able to just
shit on ideas you don't like like that
mm-hmm I mean I'm with him I mean I'm
with you I don't know
oh also by the way same rules with with
this and rocket League if you've played
a couple matches bow out let someone
else join in don't need to take them
well I'm gonna take a moment here and
alt tab over to I have some friend
requests pending boom and boom and boom
just accepted some friend requests these
so ooh you know what illios I like
illios so hop out if you've been on for
a little bit because I'm gonna start the
next map
how does switch to spectate and I don't
know I don't know so about set a problem
that there is no major competition to
YouTube is that a problem yes yes yes
that is a problem because of stuff like
this yes it's it sounds like more and
more people are looking for I can see
every fucking character design I've seen
in this as badass I think great like
look at this ready and do you see he's
got like a metal hand yeah this one is
one of my favorites who I'm gonna be um
who else is bad as he gets his cool
robot he's got a bird I'm gonna be I'm
gonna be Farah because I like fair and
Farah and Elias works great
it sounds like people are looking for an
alternative but how can you defeat
Google Google has well all the resources
how much they shoot themselves in the
foot my guy this guy look at junker and
he's got a peg leg soldier 76 he's great
if they shoot them in the selves they
shoot this is the foot hard enough sure
for anybody who makes interesting
content is gonna go to something else
yeah right it's something else existed
mmm I think people would follow so you
would have competition oh sure
Jiminy Cricket prick bastard says who is
the biggest prick regarding copyright
claims on the rlm Channel I'll tell us
about the struggle to keep the original
music in the RO TS review and Wyatt
eventually failed I don't know much
about like those details I don't ask
about the YouTube's blanket what's been
claimed today I say funny things on
camera
uh-huh I don't know what gets flagged
more often than others and I don't I
know I know there were issues with the
music I I don't know what kind of
hassles they specifically went through
changing it I know they just altered the
video I think yeah music it never came
up as I just never asked about it hey
hey Farrah is hard to control with with
a keyboard yeah because she flies and
you have to hold down a thing to fly and
then you have to hold down the spacebar
while using WASD and that is a new
sensation for me yeah in general I need
to let you know but I still like her
yes Jack is flying on his new PC I am
and you know what it works great it does
look great you did well you did well
did you have any issues and installing
operating systems or anything with that
I'll go fairly smooth that all went
fairly smooth I'm trying to oh shit shit
shit shit fuck operating system went
smooth it was a little tough actually
just to get a bootable Drive cuz I don't
have a CD a CD drive on it and I only
have Mac's at home and so creating the
bootable thumb drive on my Mac end was a
bit of a pain and and then just kind of
double-checking that I have all the
drivers and and spending a good few
hours you know just kind of making sure
I didn't fuck up too badly oh man like I
am in this game Farrah is not a good
call for me right now push H to change
here oh I'm gonna change here oh we need
someone else who can we be here oh can
be Emily be here no classic Bastion
classic Bastion we're gonna classic
Bastion we're gonna lose it so it
doesn't matter mama says hey rich this
game is beneath you and we all know it
please tell Jack well watch also
super-soak to hang out next week no idea
who did
whose hang out with who next week we're
hanging out with someone next week not
that I know
okay okay not that I know I'm about to
learn the hard way about bastion on PC
what is it about bastion on PC I don't
know nothing about nothing people I'm
unaware of I have no honestly I am
legitly unaware of anybody coming to
visit the studio so yeah in this game
like there are heroes and there are not
heroes and it doesn't really matter
who's who at any given moment because
you know it's a game surprise that was
sent in by Gary Busey he'll be in your
home in a few days
oh god no not Gary Busey in the walls
not Gary Busey
beefcake that watcher is running I have
the Twitter on my computer thank you for
resending me that link everything should
be running normal on my computer
hopefully like the stream looks the same
to you guys the only thing that actually
will look a little I haven't talked to
junior Mike a few days I just never run
and I haven't run into him yeah because
I came in like late the other day just
work on stuff at night yeah it was busy
in the afternoons I haven't seen them in
a few days maybe maybe something has
been planned and I don't know about it
well that wasn't Colin or Jim or
anything well they were they were up
here recently so write me that hmm more
likely it's just somebody just someone
fucking fine yeah but I could be out of
the loop on something big
you could be it could be get away from
me back back back back
okay I don't know
legend Maine says 1 1 what is your
battle tag so I can add you Oh someone
tell him I bet with a Harlech number
some numbers I like some numbers har
lack some number doesn't fill you in on
details the chat will let you know -
what are you guys going to review for
the next game I want to do the Deus Ex
I've already started playing it I've
already started playing it rich we're
doing it you know why cuz I've been
playing it's too late for that you've
had you've had me I can't just jump
ahead and miss you've had 12 half the
things you've had 12 years to play all
these games and now we're doing this one
there's nothing I can do about that 3
keep up the good work 4 Firewatch was
good rich it's ok it's ok for people to
have different opinions Chad put put
lunch in Main Street Firewatch is an all
right game if you don't like games that
is an all right game it was there wasn't
a good length I like this donor and
myself I liked walking around I like
tille I liked a lot of that game
anonymous says regarding Google which
basically owns the Internet
how the ever-loving fuck have they not
had a sherman antitrust suit brought
against them because we don't care about
such things in our society let the
corporation's do what they want well a
troll as they see fit and also Google's
kind of just too necessary
think about one person use Google all
the time for everything
Google's one of the oh oh so many friend
requests money money owns the government
I don't care what party you root before
they own both the parties will accept
and accept ok I accepted all of your
requests let's see what's next
okay like the they are they like the
cock brothers the Koch brothers how do
you pronounce the fucking name
I see it and print all of them coke I've
always heard it coke they don't they
don't they don't give a shit if Trump or
Hillary wins they owned both of them
they owned both of them it's kind of
true but he's gonna do what they want to
do anyway because I'm sure they see
things the same way
I'm not we're not getting into politics
oh but that brings up something I want
to talk about well let's not talk about
politics and I'm gonna talk about
something that's not talked about but
your things well we have a chance to
think about rich yeah um someone wrote
an article about I don't want to be I'll
be yeah and you know what you know what
I like I like Lucio someone wrote an
article about people who have patreon
z-- yeah and they called it they called
it liberal welfare okay that's what they
referred to patreon as and and these
people who have patreon z-- have cause
you know like feminists feminist
frequency right and they have these
causes and they get people to pay for
their causes and in the article they
said there are notable right-wingers on
patreon like red letter media okay
and my first thought was movie reviews
game reviews nothing political
whatsoever
yeah and he and he mentioned someone
else to like red letter media and some
other guy and then the other guy said
hey I you don't know anything about me
and I declined to be interviewed why are
you mentioning my name in this yeah and
so I reached out to this guy on Twitter
and I was just like where did you get
this information that red letter media
is right-wing and any shockingly enough
he never got back to me and I just
thought it was the crazy situation
because it's movie reviews and we do
video game reviews and we talk about bad
movies
and none of that is political whatsoever
ghostbusters that was its I don't care
if that's Buster's political it's I
would not consider rlm to be
right-wingers or left-wingers no wingers
you're gonna get diverse opinions within
of wheat you absolutely will get diverse
opinions but it's non the content that
is produced here is not political yeah
so so it was shocking to me that he
would he would make that call because
you know you guys didn't like go because
we didn't like Ghostbusters right yeah I
thought it was weird I thought it was a
very strange call and everyone like
people were commenting on the article
just being like what the hell are you
talking about no with this other guy to
this other guy's apparently not a right
winger and and so I just thought it was
very very strange that anyone would
think that anything we do here is
political at all I would have the same
reaction if someone said noted liberals
you know our alum
so I thought it was weird weird enough
to mention who's firing in what whole
damn it damn it damn it anonymous says
hey sorry for being cryptid what I said
I was excited to hang out Mike and Jay
must not have told you hate to spoil it
free video for your fans
but I'm Tobey Maguire visiting for the
force awakens plugin folks tell me bug
why because he has some things to say
about the force awakens
I'm sorry Toby but I don't know if you
had anything to do with the force
awakens gob Luke says rich rich mankind
divided has a good long recap but human
Revolution on easy slash story mode
wouldn't take long could make a great
solo stream and check could watch
Robocop 3 rich Robocop 3 well you say
that like it's a selling point Robocop 3
rich we are not doing a great job here
team I blame myself got some of up fuck
flick-flick you on flick no I'm not I'm
dying horrible and embarrassing deaths
live on stream get on with the flick get
on with the flick
hey rich are you a big PC hardware guy
if so are you looking for to AMD's in
I'm not here's the thing I'm not money
isn't flowing out of my ass and four
digits right yeah I can't afford to be a
super hardcore hardware guy no I
appreciate pcs and I appreciate hardware
and the nice new video card mm-hmm I
haven't ever really had the ability just
willy-nilly you'll is the newest
greatest thing I'm gonna buy that first
thing when it comes out right I was able
to justify a nice PC for prerequisites
business expense until there are every
piece of hardware I've bought out of out
of necessity has been like one step or
two below like the latest and greatest
yeah I think the betting I didn't get
this year's big video card my god last
year is moderately good one it's a lot
of RAM but it's not the fastest ran some
kinda bombers from behind I've had to
make compromises right right this is a
fucking cheap case that was always the
big one well cheapest fucking case you
can find of course people make cases out
of cardboard boxes now rich just for the
shit of it
xico says aha so your great wing gun nut
plays have been revealed the truth must
be told
happy to be able to watch you guys have
a good time and just fuck just because
I'm a gun nut doesn't mean I'm a
right-wing gun nuts usually I guess the
usual that does go together wait you
mean you mean you don't have to like
pick a side and agree to the entire
ideology of the side you don't have to
pick a side that's you crazy you can
look at an individual issue and judge it
as an individual issue that's weird
wow I know that's an insane and sensible
thought it's it's very strange rich it's
very very strange I did see that junk at
uh everybody's been sending us a Humble
Bundle has all the Sierra games and all
the Sierra games are on Steam now
actually that makes me wonder I already
had I've had them for years it does make
me wonder if they've recently like made
a wave to make them easier to play I got
got the leaves i've got like all the
Leisure Suit Larry games we've got all
of the quest for glory games and all the
Space Quest games I've got all the
King's Quest games hmm oh yeah no I just
wonder if like something happened
recently all the police quest game that
makes them easier to play I click on
them and they start I don't know
this is Torbjorn I'm gonna be Torbjorn
I like Torbjorn I've even got I've even
got which one was the was a king's quest
eight or nine the weird one that was
like a 3d hack and slash game cool where
do I stand on willow I have not seen
willow since it was a brand new film
obviously it doesn't stick with me I
mean you're wrong but no since I haven't
seen it was a when I was kid I I can't I
can't give you a firm opinion on the
willows well as a great movie but what
are you doing me what are you doing what
hey what are you doing what are you
doing what are you doing
spamming spamming Spanish Spanish man
being spamming that's my only strategy
right now spam the shit
differentiated reflected and informed
opinion stances on things this is the
internet we can't allow this it's crazy
I know s-stop it Reaper you fuck it's
all it's like we're all different people
you know and we want different things
that's all what well in like I said that
was my real point with the whole
right-wing thing is it's like what
nothing I could have done there nothing
I could have done about that man on a
mission man on a mission
son of a bitch not killing it here rich
I mean I'll bring up things I feel like
talking about on the stream is that I
don't give no fucks yeah yeah in general
rather de media does avoid it of course
it's a place where everybody can come
just to us watch we're just watching bad
movies
talk about regular movies talking about
videogames but that's what we do here
notable right-wingers what Adam wants to
know how he can join in he or she
they've been looking forward to this oh
you just have to be my friend on
battlenet see but what you're saying is
that you were not their friend
apparently not and you don't care about
that person apparently not okay
none of them how does it how does one
become your friend you you have to you
have to type in my name which is har
lack and then some numbers at which I
don't remember at the moment but I'm
sure the chat will remember for me and
then and you say ad friend and type in
Harlech and the number sign and then
four numbers and then you can become a
friend and then you join I don't know
how you joined game I I just
people are joined and I'm playing that
is all the extent of my knowledge yes
everybody can come here and talk about
Dom DeLuise armpit babies exactly we
don't we're not prejudiced like fucking
hell what happened did you boat up no
they blow it up they've been blowing it
up is very long I know what a piece of
shit well yeah I'm trying to up fucking
isn't your room see right don't know
someone else and they just there it's
they have a much better team than we
have right now if I can get it to level
2 I can use my super dupe and I'm not
nope I'm okay yep it's just not gonna
happen Bridge it's just not gonna happen
I have my super dupe and I'd love to use
it
and it's down again Stef fucking down
again there we go fucking hell maybe
just pick a shady character or I'm
terrible at the game right now which is
more likely oh and I haven't been giving
out armor I've been I've been slacking
in my duties as you're born rich yeah
well you ever put together a Raspberry
Pi retro console on Steam then how do I
donate to your GOG they sell the FM the
FM towns version of Zack McCracken and
the alien mine vendors and it looks on
fleek I mean you know what I'm not even
sure how you give two on GOG I'll look
into it well then we'll talk about it
next stream I don't know I don't know I
don't even know I can't even I can't
even tell you what like my username is I
don't know I don't give a shit about the
social aspects yes
I'd buy games from them right I'm sure
there's a way usually there is a way as
far as the Raspberry Pi I was know what
Jack's whole computer thing I was
looking at computer parts yeah recently
watch cheaper than I thought computer
parts the Raspberry Pi oh yeah yeah 35
bucks yeah those are crazy for just
simple gaming machines and whatnot I
kind of do want to hollow out an old NES
no turn into a Raspberry Pi sure that'd
be bad ass in the nerdiest way possible
but that would be badass I'm thinking
about it actually is the answer
I'd have to find a way to file out like
a hole for the input/output on the back
of the nest and have it looked nice cuz
it should look nice so you can you get
yourself a little dremel a little
sandpaper and and and how to wire
controllers in like would you want to
try and like I you could probably do
some kind of funky shit or you can use
the old NES ports or would you be better
off like taking that out and putting
some USB jacks right right right I don't
know a lot of questions a lot of
questions you'd probably just want USB
jackson you can get those USB retro
controllers you know hmm and we lose
lassparri probably three set up is on
Amazon is $70 with the cases stuff yeah
but if I'm building this out of an S I
wouldn't need the case well I think that
maybe it comes with like an old nest
case maybe that's a doubt that maybe
that's what they're saying right I doubt
that's an official thing that they sell
on Amazon for the best case we want to
let rich plain out okay the one that's
what I read was the governor goes okay
so I have no idea whatsoever everything
is standard WASD space to jump that's
what I have so you know shoot the only
buttons you'll need to know is this
front button here yeah and this button
here and then press down on the wheel is
your ultimate wheel is ultimate what is
this it'll tell you on there like that's
one special than the other button is the
other special and just shoot the thing
all right shoot the thing that's all I
need to know I just start and it starts
is that what happens yeah oh you know
what I like watch point your Gibraltar
people are asking about my favorite man
I mean I like all the maps I prefer I do
prefer um king of the hill maps control
the territory maps but Gibraltar is fun
what's a character the soldier 76 he's a
ninja
he shoots throwing stars and he has a
sword he can deflect bullets he's a
little bit of a harder character you
probably wanna start with the guy with
the blue facemask and the red eyes or
the ninja or you might start with a
ninja
so he his regular click is shoot stars
shoot stars is deflect bullets is the
left or the I'm sorry the right button
the right front button not not right
click out see and then any bold that
comes at you you'll deflect it for a
little bit and then if you press the
that has a cool-down okay and then the
other front button does a little slash
forward like that what does that even do
it moved you a far forward and slash
your sword
alright we just go shoot the things
what's going you're waiting 27 seconds
to attack and then there's gonna be a
little card outside that you need to
stand next to input jump huh how do I
draw the spacebar like you jump in
everything well I don't write dedicated
to the just following people yeah so
there's gonna be a little card out there
that you have to stand next to portion
and you just shoot anyone that's glowing
red see they have a red outline around
them on the other team uh-huh shoot the
red shoot the red guys shoot the red
that's it you got you're doing great
already and that that little oh nice to
flex you did you deflected bullets oh
but you almost got him I almost got you
almost god I didn't get him you didn't
get
you're doing great
yeah well your team your team's pushing
the cart so you know what they got
something's happening whoa nice nice /e
you might have killed them I don't think
so but you might have whoa watch out for
that big dragon someone uh-oh what
happened
someone shot a giant dragon at you
dragon Z dragons
everybody gets what's called an ultimate
move it's like your superpower and your
brother who's the archer the bow and
arrow guy shoots a magic dragon at you
hey you killed someone that's great you
wait to that meter at the bottom is a
hundred percent and then you press the
middle mouse button
that's how you do that what is open he
just uses his his magic sword and then
you just slice people with your magic
sword another dragon and they shot
another dragon into okay I'm probably a
disgrace to my team right well you know
yeah but it's your first time playing
and they don't care oh you have your
alternate I'm not used your button right
press down in the middle what do it
what's a good time to do it
as soon as you come out the door next
time hit the middle mouse button and
then just regular triggers is slice
people up oh really
yeah okay wait so wait till you see bad
guys though
wait till you see him and now got him
oh nice dodge and well you know what you
caused some damage there rich you caused
some damage that's the important part is
that you're causing damage let's see
here anonymous says oh do we have any
thoughts on tour do you know tour is the
dark web no that's all I know about it
and I don't know how accurate that is to
call the dark web but it's like a way
you can browse the web without anyone
tracing anything you just stand near and
that's all you have to do is stand here
I have no thoughts on tour I don't care
which do you prefer alien or aliens
I prefer alien and I think rich prefers
aliens
I like the horror movie in space and
yeah yeah yes it does rich tour is where
you spend your bitcoins I'm sure I know
I know almost nothing about tour I've
seen some news articles and then passed
out halfway through because I lost
interest
bunch of Messiah says hey guys got a
question for you that Josh fellow is
always built as the wizard is that what
even is that some sort of weird and
oblique mic shit love reference thanks
in advance
that's just his nickname he's apparently
very wizardry I don't even I don't think
there is a story behind it I think he's
just called the wizard he does know many
things
john josh is a musical wizard savant
savant sure as far as music knowledge is
concerned absolutely Josh knows many
things about music so maybe that's where
it comes from
I don't know well only child says hey
guys I am dealing with some girl issues
right now which means I'm currently
watching your stream drunk and sad
thanks for keeping me company tonight
it's lol why won't anyone fuck my cock
I'm sorry only child rich and I we ain't
lady experts so there's not a lot we can
help lol why won't anyone fuck my cock
problem baby
maybe maybe stop saying lol
wait all right well that sucks well yeah
all right change your oh you got a
little he'll he'll be a little simpler
what's he do apparently you can't you
can't use him oh now you can yeah now he
just shoots basically and then the other
one is is missiles they're specials if
you press the right front button you
drop down a thing that heals you and
your teammates which is very nice and
his other one makes you run faster but
you know you don't really need that
right now oh yeah he just got you know
just simple machine gun you might want
to drop down your Healey yep lower left
okay
lower left I don't know what I'm doing
that's all right you don't really need
to is that you know
Sara Chen says you definitely need to
call them females they love that mmm I
gotta get me some females no I'm saying
you know I'm saying it's all right not
everyone is uh unit 603 and it says Jake
I just had to buy a laptop I hate for
work so like for work too
well I think the laptop he hates the
laptop but he has to have it for work so
loved the build stream also people gift
you those adventure games because we
want to see you play them Zach who he
isn't normal seconds okay then you want
one of those people which people to see
the pink hair the monkey yeah be one of
those people they they're the tanks it
was a good tank B diva the one way to
the left that one that's who you want to
be you don't have to reload anything
shit it's over we lost Oh next time be
diva alright divas nice and easy I
should have had you be diva right from
the get-go look I think peak was talking
to us
divas great you don't need to reload his
diva and she has a shield
I love Ryan Hart I love I I feel like a
lot all these characters are incredibly
well-balanced and they've managed to
balance someone with a hammer in a
first-person shooter you know and I
think like to me that is a that is a
feat so divas nice and easy right
Zach McCracken I've heard of Zach
McCracken right I know people want us to
play the adventure games and sometimes
we will and sometimes we won't
yeah be Devo all right
she's fun
I'm part of her stick part of her
characteristic is she's like a gamer
she's she's like a livestream gamer from
Korea
let me she live streams Wars right well
I like to her it's just a big game so
it's great rich should just be Bastion
he's not quite ready for Bastion yet
he's the robot
he's the Reuben okay so if you press
regular click that's just machine guns
if you press right click that's shields
okay and you can basically use shields
it at any time
and if you press the left little button
you get you get like a jet boost and you
can knock people over
that's basically it
then you just need you to shoot two
people hello pit o heat rich doesn't
know how to say hello back no idea what
I'm doing here he doesn't know how to
say hello back peek hold on see and now
I'm go to hell oh there you go alright
here to go
what is this - what see that like yeah
that's your shield well it stops things
for meeting you yeah often there it has
it has a refresh rate it has a small
refresh rate but oh here comes Reinhardt
I like this I see what everyone else is
doing they're giving you a lot of heat
and that's okay you're still you still
like that
now shoot see Devo get my robot back you
have to you have to fight so after your
robot dies you get to jump around just
as diva and okay and you just you just
want to shoot everyone you can because
the more people you shoot the faster you
can get your robot back you can do it
rich I believe in you
anonymous says how seriously does Mike
take ghosts believes in them but he
enjoys the he just enjoys the would you
call it yeah he likes see you likes
thinks it's fun yeah that was dead you
are not well now you is oh no now you're
you know what rich sometimes your last
your last thing a little bit longer
anything well yeah well again it's all
about balance worse no well not not now
you go up there oh oh oh good you have
your super turn around turn around that
door okay okay so when you are right
around a big group of people hit the
middle mouse button alright and and it
makes your it makes her sued go nuclear
all right now no oh
how'd it get over there okay now hit the
middle mouse button again what because
then your suit comes back down oh oh
Reinhardt was smart knew Reinhardt was
Martin
oh hey Collins here hi Colin hey Colin
welcome to the craziness uh like diva
you know she has her shields and of
course she has her like kind of second
form and so she's kind of weak but she
also doesn't need to reload and so she's
referred to a lot as like a clean up
hero where really you just want to spray
everyone in hopes that you get the
people with low health and you know
clean them up you know kill them yeah a
better question Jiminy Cricket prick
bastard says how seriously does Mike
takes coasts yeah whoo going sniper huh
okay so regularly it's a machine gun you
can just use it as a machine gun or you
can hold down right click and scope it
the ants it like see that the big light
shield yeah that is an actual shield you
know yeah do you see how its cracking if
you hit it enough you can get through it
we should have a battle
yeah yeah yeah I'm sorry rich that's
fine I'm sorry
why is richer sniper sniper because he
felt like playing his widow that's all
try Winston less aiming needed yeah
Winston might be a good one it won't be
a monkey
but I just I like that there's a little
get into the mecha animation it's all
it's all adorable it's all adorable and
bright and everything nice
their first with sound effects I think
what why shouldn't I try what's going on
he's just he's just playing he's just
playing man
this is Rich's first time playing
overwatch and he's having you know maybe
a good time I don't know
he sings always just feel like a
clusterfuck to me though it's a little
bit of a clusterfuck eventually you kind
of figure out the the rules of the
clusterfuck and more importantly you
figure out your place in the clusterfuck
okay okay and once you understand your
place everyone to know a lot like rocket
League where you'll find that good game
where everyone works together and you
might win or you might lose but at least
it's a well-fought battle it's less of a
clusterfuck
you know anonymous says when Rich said
he has the best he has the best ball
sack was that created in editing it
sounded weird no Reaper yeah
nice I come from the shadows yep just a
couple shotguns okay so if you if you
pray yep so that's you're in invincible
form and then see there that's that's
your teleport and you can teleport up
down you know like you'll see obviously
where where your thing goes yeah his
ultimate thing is he just spins around
and shoots they like it that you said hi
to them
the roadog love road hog
big fat guy with a meat hook that's what
i'll he is and they gonna throw his meat
hook at people alright
nothing nothing nothing yeah nothing for
him yeah what some people who does
something for you know like everyone has
kind of different things also keep in
mind something you might not be aware is
they can see where you're gonna teleport
yeah
and it you know takes a little bit to
kind of refresh and everything so that's
one of those things that you kind of
want to use when no one's looking secret
teleport
Reever yeah he's really good at getting
behind the other team and kind of like
sneaking up but in it I think Richards
doing a fine job Richard's doing a fine
job let him figure it out you doing
great no I'm not don't say I'm doing
great what I'm not doing great that's
just dishonest no well you're awful rich
you're playing the game wasn't doing
great you're doing great at playing the
game technically you're playing I'm
doing terrible at playing the game poop
dick my PC is running wonderfully and
yes I love it like here like push it up
there
you can like teleport up that window get
into the fray no I don't I don't want to
get you do not want to get Oh your
banker
why am i back mercy revived you know I
know you don't want to get in the fray
well he's got shotgun do you think that
would be a free kind of thing you want
to sneak up on people that's your thing
all right you want to get behind people
and because if you can get a couple
quick shots of them you can kill a lot
of people no there's no invisibility
with you even in Wraith form stop lying
I'm trying I'm trying to give them rich
a little confidence boost
I can't yeah you can I just got a hammer
right
but so far so good with my PC I've been
monitoring the heats while playing games
on high graphical settings and so far I
don't have anything over I I haven't had
anything over 52 degrees so I don't
really think there there's anything to
worry about
run away and you have your ultimate so
if you can kind of get right in the
middle of them and quickly press that
middle mouse button that would be the
thing to do there's a little window to
the well that a century that a century
we've just been playing quick play game
mode nothing spectacular yeah 50 degrees
Celsius centigrade
did I say centigrade Celsius 50 degrees
Celsius so it's been running incredibly
smoothly and you know playing this on
high graphical settings and playing Deus
Ex on high graphical settings has been a
kind of a ton of fun and I think it's
working I think it's going to be a
functioning PC yeah and unfortunately
your character can't do a whole lot
about that unless you can sneak up on it
which I don't think you can
you know kind of different heroes have
different actually oh it's taken care of
it's taken care of
you can get in there
Oh got him
oh you kind of use that as a sweet Dodge
move I know that wasn't intentional
but it worked out to be a sweet Dodge
move
almost well you you helped yeah you
helped kill him
Oh freezy lady you cannot shoot that
thing you get aside that wall of a
shooting that thing but you was too late
you were already dead and I knew you
were dead
could I have teleported away from it uh
no not in time you teleport take school
alright that time but that's all right
anonymous says hey Jack can't help but
notice that rich is quite a seventh at
this game probably meant to say
excellent a clinic of riches virtuoso
hand-eye coordination I feel as if rich
is unzipping
the world as if it were his own fly oh
good you did it your team did it you got
one thing and now there's a cool down
time with the teleport well now it's in
little numbers show up there
that's a good guys yeah down there go to
your right and then actually you can
teleport over there yeah do that that'll
get you behind people don't tell anybody
so now everyone's gonna be kind of over
there to your right yeah okay do that'll
kind of force them to hang out over
there yep nice well that's alright they
were they were holding people in the
courtyard and so you forced them back to
their point so that helped that helps
Jiminy Cricket prick bastard says would
a real AI try to immediately kill all
humans or would they just replicate and
spread everywhere and try to hide like
malware I guess it depends on what they
were taught you know artificial
intelligence still needs some sort of
training yeah go way over that nice now
go up those stairs and right there he's
okay alright well it's he had some armor
and it's alright well he kind of saw you
but danielle from SL says hey how's it
going ha ha ha have a nice day okay
great that's what you had that's that's
what you had that's what that just yeah
I want to say hey
oh yeah oh so much for the ultimate you
had very little health rich and he
killed you whilst you were doing your
ultimate he you know there there's fun
to be had in this game the most
dangerous game is Vanner it's not that
way not that way and they like the
challenge of playing against real people
and they like the teamwork whilst whilst
is a word hard
no Kenny one be my lover
I guess well we'll turn off that
function next time weekend
oh I mean that was nice teamwork on
their part I think they also might be
ganging up on you because they know
you're rich you to bread this stupid
thing or Jupitus thing no no it's it's
the natural progression from user basis
turning to ad blocking software and they
still want to get revenue to creators
they're they're trying they're trying to
find ways to make sure that creators get
paid for the content that they make you
want that that was an up you know up
he's like help there's like hell
that's all right I'll take it I can take
a bank what do you have any thoughts on
YouTube bread rich no it's a thing what
a surprise indeed what is bashing play
game
Bastion play the game what the the robot
the robot guy very often gets the play
of the game okay that's a that's a thing
in the overwatch community he's just he
has a mode in which he can kill a lot of
people okay you can you can either be
the walking around robot or you can be a
robot where you can't move but you get a
minigun that does incredible amount of
damage and so if you can catch just the
right group of people walking by and
they don't know you're there you can mow
them down in seconds
okay seconds you know like for example I
don't fund to be Anna I'm gonna be
handsome
whispers how do we in this chat volume
voice chat and mic volume well that's
mine does chat volume where else right
above my climbing voice yeah I am
turn that all the way down great okay
I would be hands-off he's a bow and
arrow sniper that we you know I I was
looking at a breakdown of our YouTube ad
of revenue recently just because every
once in a while I like to check that out
and you know we've we've made money from
YouTube bread people who have YouTube
bread watch our videos it's not a very
large amount but you know it's it's
there so people are using it seems like
you guys are doing more weirdo tips than
you used to oh you have a theory as to
why it comes and goes
always been weird on tips yeah mr. happy
granny says got a week off works and now
I can watch them prereq get some gyro
friendly streams going you hacks oh I
know keep up the good work with your
right-wing Trump supporting my whatever
wait where'd you go so I think your team
is always blue yeah the bad guys are
always in red yeah the bad guys
this mind of mine says just wondering if
you guys are going to try out the Turing
test it's a new pile of game from Square
Enix if it sucks I don't want to pay for
it I added you on the net my handle is
Nicolas oh yeah and you know I've
forgotten too I've forgotten to check on
on new friends recently so I will do
that after this game I will add more
friends on the battlenet apparently you
will be defeated so easily because we're
being defeated
shit someone's oh fuck fuck fuck fuck
so I guess you want to be behind the guy
with the shield that's usually the thing
yes Jack what graphics card did you put
in your new PC the geforce gtx 1070 you
go you go is that it made my evo you
heard it here EVGA are there are there
different ones i thought giving i
thought that would be enough information
not really
that's not a no no the geforce gtx 1070
is not enough information for people can
make oh really yeah oh well shit I
didn't know that case is gonna have
their version of the t-shirt
a VGA yeah even I have the EVGA GeForce
GTX 1070 and it's been it's been rockin
it's been rocking I know you know some
people wanted me to bump up to the 1080
and that was just a price jump I wasn't
willing to go to just because I was
already jumping up prices because of my
case and the stuff that needed to fit
into my case oh wait
friends I've been Fringe know collecting
data I am NOT still playing Pokemon go I
have yet to delete it from my phone did
that that upset about the changes I just
no decisions I'm not upset it's just it
hasn't been a priority to me it hasn't
been fun has it gotten old it's well
it's gotten worse and so it's just not
fun it's like they've changed so many
things I can you guys come in now are
they like watching there all right
that's fine tell them what to do oh you
don't have to all right well start fuck
it fuck it join when you can we got it
love the stream as always yep can you
please play on ps4 next time so I can
play nope if you're going to have rich
play though he should be luci oh very
good starter character Oh offense plus
agility was Lucy oh so Lucy oh is this
guy here yeah and he's a healer
he's a healing class yeah he has a
decent weapon but also just people being
around him heals them so that's very
nice yeah yeah lucio is fun who do we
want to be let's be junk rad junk rads
fun need them numbers after harlech you
don't remember what they were
it's so dumb it's like fort one need
them numbers after harlech it is harlech
number 1874 Harlock number 187 for split
atom come on in oh is it
nunim says hey J Andrade will you two
please relay your total combined
knowledge of any topic of your choosing
no what is our total declined knowledge
of Archie's I'm trying to think of
something I know very little about what
this goes quick okay sir so what don't
you know a lot about quantum mechanics
Schrodinger's cat principle sure sure
all I know about one what do you know
about Schrodinger's cat is the cat can
is in both states of existence and
non-existence because neither can be
proven or disproven yes and because of
that because of quantum uncertainty
there are there are things that like
like the multiverse right like isn't one
of the things is is if you push against
a wall for long enough eventually you
might phase through that law because
because there's no nothing proving that
you can't
if you you put a cat an actual box no
that had a 50-50 chance of killing the
cat is it is it still true that it
either or is the case until you open the
box or is that cat definitely dead when
you're not on the quantum level right
when you know there's there's a
soundproof box though because you can
certainly hear that cat like bumping
around but it's not just about whether
or not the cat is dead
the Schrodinger's cat is about whether
or not the cat exists well the analogy
though is whether or not the cat's dead
what analogy the Schroeder's kept the
analogy that names the Schrodinger's cat
thing the uncertainty principle is you
could put a cat in a box there's
something in the box it's like with
poison as a 50/50 chance of going off
and killing the cat 50/50 you don't know
what it's gonna be but the box is closed
and you don't know what's going on in
the box hmm
the schrödinger's cat the principle is
that the cat is both until you open the
box
I thought I thought a shorter neck
analogy I don't show here's cat until
you open it there's not been decided
it's either/or I thought it had to do
with whether or not the cat exists no oh
man I've been with an eye apparently I
just don't know
they knows that was everything Jack knew
about Schrodinger's cat wish apparently
not much apparently not much much there
you go I was doing so well there for a
while
yeah I wasn't dying at all well the gut
says rich do you ever go to brewers or
any other MLB games ever been to a Star
Wars fan night one year the San
Francisco Giants gave away a Death Star
baseball mmm how much do you think it's
worth it's probably not worth very much
because they probably had it cheaply
made for their fan night thing but I've
never gone to a Star Wars fan night but
I have been to a few Brewers games
because you can get tickets to the cheap
mm-hmm I don't have it especially strong
connection to the Brewers I just don't
care about them cheap baseball
nobody cares about the Brewers and get
Brewers tickets for bucks nobody cares
about the Brewers that is a true
statement rich nobody cares about the
Brewers somebody else know the name of
your computer case that'll look really
cool oh oh that's actually something I
wanted to bring up is so I have the Lian
Li PC q10 case and I figured out with
the help of some helpful helpers why I
was having issues with my heatsink
fitting in the case if everyone
remembers the PC build we had to move
the case fan to the outside of the case
in order to get the giant heatsink to
fit and I had yeah when my guy dies he
drops bombs with him so if anyone has
around him they you know they get blowed
up to but no one was around me but like
I seem like he blew up when he killed
you the wheel well that wasn't a guy
that was just his wheel that was just
his wheel righty then oh that was just a
week so you know I don't turn into a
wheel look see it's like my wheel oh now
you can control this wheel Walker while
you're just standing there
see ya that's what's very dangerous well
that's the UH that's the balance okay so
in any case when I went to PC part part
picker I put in my case the Lian Li PC
q10 and I put in everything in PC part
picker said it would fit but apparently
the I put in PC q10 when in actuality my
case was the PC q10 SW or whatever okay
okay so the part that I put into PC part
picker was the bare-bones didn't include
the fan version whereas mine was the
part was the one with the fan so that's
what happened with that situation yes
Jack went to PC oh fuck I was if I went
to fart
fart fart park picker in any case my
case is wonderful and I love it and I
love looking at it I loved seeing the
little window that shows you all the
things and I'm very I'm very happy with
my case it was very easy to bring here
I'd like easy to carry because it shows
from all and I love it
DC dick licker yes he's playing on the
new PC right now and he's right here I
have my mouse and keyboard right here I
have my mouse and keyboard right here
I'm still very new you can see I are my
where's my ranking I think I'm only rank
5 or 6 because I just started playing on
the PC this was the first game I
downloaded on the PC and I'm still
getting used to playing in general with
a mouse and keyboard you know what I'm
gonna be road hog that's a great idea
Daniel from SL says hey I forgot to
mention be fun to force Mike to play
video games on stream mm-hmm that would
be fun
I would watch every single day yeah
thank you yep totally gonna happen Mike
Mike is a lot like a cat huh you cannot
force him to do anything he doesn't want
to do it's not gonna happen it's not
gonna happen we we are aware that you
all want Mike to be on the stream I'm
sure even Mike is aware that you guys
want him to be on stream it's just not
gonna happen that's something you need
to be you need to understand that have
that in your heart have that in your
brain that it's just not gonna happen
none of us says fuck DC online play
Rayman Origins you fucked my Rayman
Origins
up before playing even character play
it's not free is it Karen or Karen she
could be an animal what animal would you
do lol f my seat I would be a human if I
could be any animal uh yeah yeah we're a
pretty good animal Lou
what would I do carry pay tuk Wow god
damnit Katy Perry nice Katy Carrie you
know I wouldn't maybe not Patti Carrie
Carrie Patti
even Carrie baby baby oh yeah and of
course it's not up to us like obviously
we'd have to woo my wife lost in
technicolor says hey guys if any of you
seen the nice guys yet it's pretty damn
fun movie that's Shane black sure news
how to make sure knows how to make buddy
conflicts yes yes he does I have not
I've still have yet to see it Jay has
seen it and says it's spectacular and I
believe it and I'm very much looking
forward to seeing it but I have not seen
it yet
if you could somehow make a stream that
you have to pay to watch with Mike you
make so much money $10 to watch 300
people $3,000
sure I mean it's very true it's still
not gonna happen
light beat says what's up with all the
weird tips by the way my wiener is
stinky and slimy and GUI also poop
smells were there
great not helping I think that was the
point
whoa what was that
so how are you over watching right now
I'm actually doing fairly well road hog
is a nice has a nice character too
and I just said that and now I'm gonna
mess up road hog is a nice easy
character fuck and now meth just fucking
up eternally rich for mine Jack that
road hog can heal lol I I did I have
been I know thank you
I think it's time we all acknowledge the
truth yes even though we all want to see
Mike on stream Wow even if he did come
on there will be so many goddamn tips
more nuts than riches skills you do know
that this is the absolute first time
I've ever even touched this game is the
first time I ever even thought about
touching this game
cap cap cap cap
they know rich they know they know they
just like pushing them buttons yeah it's
fun to push their buttons rich have you
played pillars of eternity no okay yes I
saw that a couple times and yes that I
don't like it might be an art as I have
no idea
remember what it took rich three hours
to be the easiest Dark Souls through
boss hey hey remember when I'd be dead
rising by spitting the end boss to death
did you remember that shit I remember it
fuck what what
cat demon
gosh darn it gosh darn it
busting that says busty nuts are you
turbo nerds turbo nerds going to be at
PAX also did you know that ants are the
only animals aside from humans to
practice slavery and gardening whoo
another early I know they did that
though okay it will capture like rival
ant larvae raise them your mind now
don't know that's every species or just
some of them neat and then they said no
go mold
they grow fungus knowledge is power
yeah and no plans to go to pax nope
nope y'all might want to play with
people of the same level huh you all
might want to play with people of the
same level yeah but we're not we're not
uh we're not doing that right now we're
playing with we're playing with people
from the chat there's gonna be different
levels and we just kind of have to hope
it stuff balances it might not every
time oh yeah
well and you know me I Howard you
started with mouse and keyboard yeah
so it's like not only am i relatively
low level but you know you can't get me
in time oh I had to reload I could have
had her but I had to reload I'm still
working on it I'm still working on this
whole mouse and keyboard situation rich
you should play the game better
well it's dead it's laying right now so
well I mean you know I'm just in general
Donovan says could you ask Mike how much
one person would half the tip to get him
to show up 30 minutes there might be
some Richard douche here with money to
waste
what non you know yeah what non-human
animal would you be
lol fuck my P no I wouldn't wanna be any
goddamn animal I'd rather I'd rather be
fucking dead I don't want to be a fuckin
animal
why is that such a common question why
are there so many people that want to be
animals
yeah how do you like it I don't know
something to talk about I guess I would
I would I would probably lie there all
day and not be able to communicate with
anybody in any meaningful way and you
wouldn't have the consciousness to like
make these kind of abstract thoughts
anyway so it's like the whole the whole
it's much shorter life span the whole
case the whole experience is kind of
mood because like you wouldn't be able
to like reflect on your life as this
animal you know suffer from horrible
diseases about having any understanding
of what a doctor even was everything
about being an apple just sounds awful
right yeah I agree
I agree but the fun of the question is
the reason for answering not the answer
it's it's about the journey rich it's
about the journey
fuck that journey then teleportation
technology there would be no journeys
true dat true dat Anonymous's yep
why didn't you roll dawg that's what
everyone wants to know should I roll
should I roll boom man's friend says hey
fellas I really enjoying the stream over
watch looks hella fun I haven't given it
a second thought until now the new best
of the worst was great
I now have Dom DeLuise haunting my
nightmares
I thought that was a really fine best of
the worst really fun best the worst it's
a fine tangent it's the finest tangent
that has ever been tangent to maybe it
could have been it could have been the
finest tangent to ever beat Ange ended
oh I like Dorado to Toronto's a good map
everybody swapping out if you play a
couple games you swap out that's how
we're doing it
