Halcyon.... nope FTL. (part 1)
November 6, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JN-41C9XxII

it's on to add it I to add it all over
the place it's on it's dune we in Canada
its woman we are very close to being on
time rich yes we are two minutes late
for the stream and I feel really great
about that that's fine everything's
great everything's friggin great we are
super on top of things it big oh wait
did we update the name of the game
knowing oh I'm so sorry for everyone who
got the email where were 90 percent on
top o like 95 percent on top of it rich
gosh darnit halcyon six six six six man
I feel terrible
we were we were really we were really
close to being on top of it and update
update and we're updated great alright
grace some people keep telling us we
need to play I am this is a this is a
game that apparently is very much like a
mash-up of FTL and XCOM that's how it
was pitched to us rich mmhmm yeah
woah it's also very loud yeah
it's a loud game is it is it
it's about half of us global or hey Edie
it's too rich we forgot something else
did you see what we were yeah oh man we
wanted to start on time we tried we
tried that was our downfall was caring
our downfall was caring another awful
indie game it could be a good indie game
we don't know we don't know what kind of
game is gonna be and I'll be fine it'll
be fine this is a this is you know I see
people saying this is gonna be a jak
game this is I think a rich game this is
a strategy game I don't I don't normal
difficulty and main campaign start well
you're on commander difficulty that's
just right in the middle okay
that's right in the friggin little your
that's the normal okay that's fine look
you're supposed to start with it's the
normal I'm sorry
great boohoo caring great hi everybody
welcome welcome so rich you watched the
baseballs on Wednesday a little bit you
guys a little bit of baseball I know
that the Cubs have one okay and and
people assumed that you were gonna be
really you were gonna care a lot about
that I don't care at all great perfect I
think that's perfect
why should I care I'm not a Cubs fan
because you're not a Cubs fan people do
care that I wear a white sox head even
though I've been wearing a White Sox hat
on camera since we've been doing things
on camera yeah it's been in my rotation
of hats but I don't know ma'am traitor
to Zeke says more seriously oh wait
sorry rich Jack aren't you supposed to
have played every game in existence by
now especially the ones I like
if not you can start with Donna for two
and heroes 3 better get going traitor
thanks to try to diss each more
seriously what have you been up to what
games have you been playing have you had
a good week I have an excellent sc2
blizzcon finals how hard did Jay screw
you over with the best of the worst
editing that's a lot of questions rich
how you been have you been going through
feaf you've been wanting to play thief
you know why it's just I got distracted
this is fucking you had a plan I know I
did you had up no I did fuck it
oh no the plan was to do an episode but
you were getting like seasick from thief
i got motion sick with thief and and i
did download and then Gears of War 4
made me want to play vanquish like big
time so my plan is just whatever yeah
where Micra where Microsoft bashers and
sony fanboys apparently apparently is
that really true
come a few comments because we're are
sony fanboys because we you know we were
so kind to uncharted 4 and the order
right we're very kind to those games you
know what well they pay those were
they paid us so much money to be kind to
those games you see it's that's my real
me like it's not the Microsoft wind 10
store sucks it's it's it's it's not that
Gears of War 4 is a bland Gears of War
game oh we also hate all third person
shooters we have an irrational hatred of
third-person shooters though we spent
the majority of that episode talking
about a great third-person shooter
vanquish which is like one of my
favorite games of all time oh and it's
the third-person shooter oh and I like
gears 1 & 2 & and we spent a lot of that
ups was saying how much we loved Gears
of War 1 but no we hate out there and
and they're much more there they're much
deeper games third-person shooters than
those platformers we loved so much oh
sure when when was the last time I even
talked about a platform right we've I
want to say on the show in general we've
only reviewed one platform or guacamelee
that's it like a brawler platform right
in my mind that's that's 90% brawler
right but I'm saying that's the only one
we've ever done on the show I don't
understand people and how they can be so
willfully stupid willfully yeah yeah I
don't think you can accidentally be that
stupid
you think they have to try for ever you
have to try to be that stupid
by the way then congratulations there
they're working at it they're working at
it but so I after my first run of
playing thief I got really bad motion
sickness and I was very confusing that
because I play a ton of first-person
games and I looked into it and
apparently some people had a problem
with the thief game because of the older
textures and because you couldn't change
the field of view the chat told me about
TF or T fix and did you get the HD Monty
I got the HD Monty fix and I spent the
past few days trying different times a
day like dark out light outs different
textures different fields of views and I
got motion sick every single time okay
can't explain it but I get motion sick
when I play thief for some reason right
you overestimate people immensely which
is funny because I have a saying that I
have never underestimate the power of
incompetence
you just can't underestimate stupid
stupid always finds new ways to be
stupid Oh a traitor disease s truth we
did Sonic we did shovel knight and we
did mighty number 9 and guacamelee we've
done four did we love those games no I
think we had well guacamelee we love
which I it's a it's it's at least as
much brawler and in my mind the brawler
elements are much more fun than the
platforming element a sonic we hated and
mighty number 9 we hate it overall yeah
so but we love platformers rich we love
them I just don't I don't get it it's
great I can't get drunk and play thief
that would make my motion sickness worse
this is like I'm not paying attention to
the story this is a bad time to get into
a story I'm gonna regret this because
this violates my don't like playing
things for the first time on stream roll
yeah
it's like we did the the zombie night
terror game yeah went really well right
it's cuz I played that for like hours
the night before then I got I had you
play it though I'm forgetting one zombie
night terror the black and white zombie
one but you were the control Humpy's oh
I scouted that game out though I know
what I was gonna do listen this is what
we're trying if it doesn't work it
doesn't work we could play something
else
but so unfortunately thief we're not
gonna we have to figure out a different
classic game to do a look-back
episode on we have an idea that could be
funny excuse me you are excused
so wait what was the what was the rest
of that was so what game have I been
playing recently i've been i've been
playing overwatch because that's what i
play when i ever i have any free time i
play overwatch and I love overwatch and
I played a low boy on Wednesday for my
solo stream and I've really enjoyed Out
Boy that's exactly a jack on the game
and what was the last part of that well
no Jay did not so this is this is Jay
RPG style combat
now this is not X comes this is JRPG
style I'm gonna hate this oh well then
we got to find a new game this is JRPG
style combat abort now huh I might abort
now do it do it rich
taking turns on either side of the
screen whacking things yep oh no oh no
no there's my I'm in the mood for okay
what are you in the mood for FTL fuck it
Wow alright going old school I'm going
on school alright they that's fine rich
gets to choose what game because I had a
solo stream Wednesday so that's the
richest call sip nope after I had the
bad feelings that's fine I saw things on
either side of the screen taking turns
whacking each other and I just screamed
JRPG combat which I can't stand and FTL
great and its first time playing it on
stream I had lots of I was getting lots
of bad vibes we're just going to say no
: faster than light Boop
okay great so best of the worst
J did not screw drunk Jack over on best
source I actually thought he screwed the
discussion over no I think I felt like
we every time I made a point it was like
edited out and gone I felt like we've
never teased or the times I made the
smaug's looked over when I when I when I
when I was catching Janne Josh and the
little contradictions all that ice all
that is gone I still feel like we made a
decent argument okay he did cut it
because we did repeat ourselves a lot
okay so it's true J did cut out a ton
well he cut out a lot of back and forth
word
Josh were like but what about this this
doesn't make sense and then either
richer I would be like no that made
perfect sense because of this in this
and this
I love he edited the fuck out of that he
did he did but it is also you know it's
got a flow it's got a flow all right all
right got a flow rich I did love the
chops yes I loved the chops
hold on Rich's logging the scheme still
but like you know an example of that
would be when that when they were anyway
no so he did not screw me over too bad
it he kept in the final joke the Linda
Hamilton joke which obviously is the way
it needed to end and I'm ok with that
actually I've got well it actually had I
think I have a feel on nod god I should
have just oh it's fine everything's fine
everything's fine oh yeah I don't forget
to change the playing in the overlap
if there was a vampire movie best of the
worst would you both refuse to watch it
no one that would be awesome that would
be awesome
I like vampire movies there's some good
ones there's some good ones it's it's
certainly not any of the N rice ones
right near dark I've frequently talked
about my love for near dark and Fright
Night didn't I do a whole thing about
how I love to blade and blade to people
hear what they want to hear what they
want to hear I mean it's fine everything
you know what everything is fine
TC Brady 133 says any news on hash tag
project Hornet you fucks
spaceball fucking sucks ass I also don't
care about baseball the update on
project Hornet is we have some helpers
now yeah and they have both said that
they are okay with us mentioning who our
helpers are and you will know them as Oh
bother and Mario Mario we had actually a
little Skype call before the stream
today to begin working on some stuff
some Mario Mario and Oh bother our on
the hashtag project Hornet team and
we're moving forward we're not ready to
tell you what project Hornet is yet
because of my mouth to nothing because
it could be a huge failure could or well
most likely but failure is always an
option rich always it's frequently an
option free it's you know but I'm
excited I'm excited to see what happens
and
our chattin bulls have infiltrated so in
any case we're moving forward we're not
moving super fast mostly because rich
and I don't really know what we're doing
and that's why wouldn't he did someone
else's help
what ship we going with what do you got
not many right now on this installation
you know what either either standard or
engineer is what I'm gonna say maybe do
engineer all right
all right let's try it
that's right you know what I like that
it is I that that's that's what project
corner it is it's a specialty baby
stroller for live-streaming outdoors
that's what we're trying to make there
unto us around to us that's why we need
help by the way that whole set up that's
what happens when we do something on our
own we're really good with like duct
taping things together but anything
anything else yeah we need if we don't
mind it falling apart yes it's fine yeah
oh yeah chat lottery we got the to watch
uh pick a random jitter oh you need 200
that's what's wrong all right check all
of them yeah everyone did I absolutely
are asked fun new ropa new Robo is on
the crew this person we're luckily we
have the Twitter and the tamatar means
that we can choose people randomly and a
Michelle 87 a Michelle 87 you're on the
crew
and now for this one sub sub level
similar project Hornet is just rich and
I'm Mike and J are not involved in
project Hornet star Horrible's are
Horrible's this is just something that
we're working on and you know alright
playing on normal and oh yeah we're
gonna start do you guys have to do it
for free or making sure people are
problematic again what do what for free
Hannah I think they're talking about the
mods are mods do do it for free they ma
they moderate you for free what else we
got it what's going on anonymous no no
this is what rich wrong again even
though you're not wrong I'm best the
worst rich said guns aren't sold in
California malls when they were in the
80s and still are today see the Dick's
Sporting Goods and enclosed mall at Los
Cerritos Center in LA sells rifles etc
in fact I think what rich said is I'm
not sure if they are sold in malls like
wasn't that our hey we weren't sure we
weren't I wasn't making a like a 100
percent deklerk of I know this more than
I've ever known anything in my life
writer just having a discussion on gun
stores and malls because at least at
least realm where III am and where I
grew up I didn't really see gun stores
in malls and it's certainly not
specialty gun stores that only sold guns
right
like peck and pause in the movie was not
a thing I have ever seen
no I feel like that we were all just
like our guns sold in malls I don't know
if that might have been the sarcasm
Anonymous but whatever I'm rich she says
just Alec six before Star Trek question
of the day yeah what is your favorite
Star Trek joke outside of Star Trek
example Captain Pike giving one beep
congratulate to Farnsworth in Futurama
I do have some sort of Star Trek no this
isn't something I sit around thinking
about okay great I'm sorry
I'm very very sorry oh and Tiberius Kirk
says low serotonin Atum all oh we're not
talking about a strip mall here we're
not talking about like storefronts we're
talking about outside and enclosed mall
are there gun stores I have never seen
one and I grew up in a rural area
fucking missiles fucking missiles ship
ship right LOL fukka my cock says
serious question have you considered
suing the US government for stealing the
best of the worst concept for this
year's election anonymous says I've hey
hack frauds I am just able to catch the
beginning of his stream due to daylight
savings time how about another euro
stream sug mean cook you know we keep
talking about that yeah eventually
laughs and like I said the the the
biggest problem with that is usually
rich rich is a sleeper inner definitely
and so it's it's just usually hard for
us to schedule anything too early but
yes we will keep that in mind when we
think about streaming rich I'm so happy
you decided to play FTL I am too in
other news I started watching Deep Space
9 based off of what you said and kinda I
really liked it the cast has great
chemistry and the writing is fantastic
okay good
also hi jack I'm glad you enjoyed Deep
Space nine it's a fine show Rich's work
hours are whatever the hell he feels
like in it and it doesn't matter as long
as he gets shit done yeah
gets shit done
if I need to build a new background for
best of the worst or something weird it
doesn't matter if I do that at 8 a.m. or
8 p.m. as long as it's done by the time
we need it right it's that's it's the
it's the hard part and the good part of
working for yourself or you know working
in a in a loose environment here is uh
you get to control your own hours and
some people can't handle that
responsibility that awesome
responsibility it is an awesome
responsibility because you know like you
can you can put things off until last
minute if you know you'll get them done
but some people have a hard time
adjusting to being their own boss hi man
hi me hi mine says how's it going
it's fine yeah pretty good pretty good
my my my boogers are finally starting to
clear up
oh yeah yeah I've been I've been nothing
but a mucus pile for the past like two
weeks
Karen securin smother is going to come
visit oh oh I think it's gotta be
spic-and-span oh Jesus yeah I'm so sorry
no it's fine an extended visitor just
like they were too I guess I don't know
she doesn't have a job she just stay as
long as she freakin wants finally no
she's gonna say I'm moving in oh my god
how terrifying how terrifying
keep hitting the exact systems I need
them not to hit this isn't good I hate
the ship you read well this arm yeah
that's fine great where are we anonymous
says our alum studios has so much crap
in it yes does where did it come from
you people keep sending it to us you
wouldn't believe the mail we get in a
month I saw the pile I believe it is it
stuff you've accumulated over the years
or shit people sent you shit people sent
us most of it right and to keep me well
and you know it's always tough and I've
run into the same thing at home where
it's like you know let's say you buy a
costume for one shoot yeah it's not like
you then throw it away you you hold onto
it because what you could use it for
another shoot and so you need kind of a
backlog of props and costumes and it all
adds up and then add to that all the
crap you people send here which is great
I think mostly the stuff they see though
is the stuff in the background for best
of the worst right right and most of
that stuff that's been incentive like
the stuff although all the movies yeah
yeah all the movies all the little
trinkets and and they're great all the
little trinkets are fantastic but it
adds up like someone sent us a magazine
what is it someone sent this like a
movie magazine that had Supergirl on the
cover after we did the Supergirl episode
it's just like we're never gonna like
leaf through it but it's NEETs it's a
neat old movie magazine with Supergirl
on the cover and just crap I love it
it's creep so Karen's father Karen's
father is a Cubs fan that's right I
remember you saying that and she what
she went down to visit recently to watch
you know the World Series well dad you
know Game seven he's gonna want to watch
that she went down to watch it with him
cup fans are so battered and abused he
did not watch the game lifelong Cubs fan
refused to watch the game in case they
lost I can only assume but his whole
life but what his whole life it's been
that long
yeah but like he would hear about it
whether they won or lost afterwards you
know you watched the postgame after they
won he turned it on that makes no sense
to me that makes all the sense in the
world because he's used to being pissed
on yeah but wouldn't you like know
wouldn't you want to even if they lost
wouldn't you want to see if you're a
baseball fan wouldn't you want to see
the battle I don't I don't think you
understand Cubs culture I don't
understand which is is I mean you know
this year is obviously the Oh a weird
exception but it's it's snatching defeat
out of the jaws of victory there's like
the infamous collapse in 1969 they're
like up by like 20 games then like last
month they ended up in like last place
oh they did so bad
the whole Steve Bartman incident they
got that the gleason you know I'm
thankful now the goat thing is gone I
don't have to hear about that fucking
goat anymore but there was the whole
goat thing it was like a cult of failure
and he just expected them to lose and he
refused to watch I did everything I've
known about sports people contradicts
that you know cuz Cubs apparently had a
different button Jack do you understand
how sports games work they're stressful
experience but I've always felt that
that was Jack's never had a rooting
interest in a sport no never I've never
I've never he doesn't understand about
any outcome but from what I know about
say like watching movies is you want to
go through the experience and so I would
assume that win or lose you would want
to be there to experience the highs and
lows with your team right no not when
your lows are so low and so frequent I
think I think the attitude has been
done that sure sure oh let's see here
game child UK Jack thoughts on owl boy I
had a I thought our boy was great if you
were at the stream on my solo stream on
Wednesday it's it's a gorgeous game
interesting levels some some good so
many fucking missile launchers Jesus
Christ
some good boss battles I didn't you know
obviously because I was streaming I
didn't have a ton of time to get into
the story but I like the general concept
of the story which is like you are
you're kind of an outcast yeah in the
owl Society on society and in like the
bird Society and like no one likes you
and everyone's like you fuck up owl boy
you suck and so it's like I kind of I
kind of like that like okay I gotta
prove myself and that's that was fun
buddy I had a lot of fun without boy and
I definitely recommend playing it if you
like those kind of old-school nests
action games
let's see here also last stream before
the election calling it Hillary wins and
Wisconsin blue pen blue Ohio red
Colorado blue Virginia blue Florida I
don't know gedevan is one word HRC 2016
we usually go blue
Wisconsin usually goes blue for
presidential elections I can only assume
that would happen again
well what they're just making
predictions from asking us what we think
no they're just making predictions okay
I can do that I don't know whatever if
you had to make a prediction if we're
gonna open those floodgates rich
I think Hillary's gonna win yeah it's
just a prediction I just I don't like
either of them I'm on the book saying
that you oh yeah you've been even though
there's a lot of fear of Donald Trump
yeah I know there's been a ton of early
voting already and early vote numbers
are very positive for Hillary your time
I heard I heard the opposite oh really
yeah no I like people who have already
voted I've heard the the early voters
it's like record low no no it's in fact
more people have early voted in Florida
okay like voted in another state last
year in the real election because
they're afraid of Donald Trump yes yeah
and and the the number of what was it it
was like the number of Latino voters is
up like 2,000 percent or something like
that so yeah I I also think she's going
to win I'm not sure if I'm using any
sort of science or just hope but it's
the science of fear it's the science of
fear and hope the numbers mostly fear
like if you read five what is it five
thirty eight.com 358 someone will know
the exact website there they're usually
pretty what do you call it when you when
you don't have allegiance to anyone
partisan okay yep and
neutral they're usually pretty neutral
and just looking at the polls and their
forecasts it has Hillary up and so 538
thank you
nate silver that nate silver guy thank
you
fucking yeah like i reading one of their
one of their like one of their biggest
things is you know on the electoral
college and they just broke down the
math like if Trump loses these three
states he can't win you know based on
what states have been historically blue
and historically red and right now he's
on par to lose two of them and Hillary
needs to win these states and there's a
lot of math that I just don't understand
it Electoral College that's weird you
know it's adds a layer it adds a whole
layer the founding fathers were scared
of democracy that's you laughs you
laughs I don't know because I well the
electoral colleges and founding fathers
is it I think that came around later I
don't think so knows anyone know that I
don't know
I think like at one point the Electoral
College made sense
it just doesn't necessarily apply to to
modern times one of those things like
like why voting is always on a Tuesday
it was to prevent the people from making
too dumb a choices and there's a
fail-safe against that you think I don't
think that that's the reasoning like it
I like it they don't do the popular vote
for a reason because everyone wants to
run with scissors but it's not a good
idea the tyranny of the masses Jack
that's here any of the masses I like
that that's the thing I didn't make that
up no no I thought I thought that was
you that's a good quote and only let the
electoral college was set up by by the
founding fathers and only land owning
men could choose their electorate land
owning men so rich you couldn't choose
your own your own electorate
mm-hm you're not elaine venom you're a
renter but slaves were worth what is it
refit three-fifths so what have you
didn't own land but you had a slave I'm
sure there's some more calculated math
involved okay okay people don't want the
popular vote because of things like
brexit yeah that's that's the kind of
shit they were trying to prevent with
the electoral college you know where i
like i laugh also cuz i'm scared
2016 is the year democracy was proved
wrong we're watching for watching the
death of democracy between brexit and
the 2016 US presidential race this is
the death of democracy history history
will study this year oh yeah they will
and say yeah this is this is when they
decided to try the benevolent dictator
thing again and and that's how we ended
up with World War three four and five it
was it was a hectic couple of decades
but we made it through
it's predatory capitalism being exposed
okay okay if it comes down to it
democracy and capitalism honestly which
one do you think is gonna get the axe
first who's in control the people with
the money I think it's not gonna say you
know yeah you know what democracy thing
isn't working I III think that that that
GE needs to handle it I think it's a
little more greater than maybe I think I
think that's obviously like cynical and
but I also think that's unrealistic okay
because in order for capitalism to work
they need people to buy their stuff so
the facade is really important
rich you just contradicted yourself to
be fair I'm just throwing out ideas
right now I'm not I'm not throwing out a
concrete philosophy and how the world
works I'm just I'm exploring they're
exploring yeah like I I think it's a lot
more complicated man because like I said
in in order in order for like the big
money to win I remembered what I was
doing okay mmm say we need a subscriber
oh we got these t CL p mmmm 9t c LP t CL
p TC l p9 you're on the crew whether you
like it or not democracy is dead you
have no say in the matter
you've just been drafted motherfucker
this is this is this is the space Navy
Jack they've been conscripted
oh nice hey you know what speaking of
all this politics huh Jiminy Cricket
prick bastard says why all the dislike
for Hillary in 2012 her approval was 66%
all I get is a general fog of bad ass -
public or private position don't forget
in 2008 Obama said I am not in favor of
gay marriage
I mean what was all that I'd miss half
of that Oh Jim wild I hate for Hillary
his bait is basically the thing because
she seems slimy and dystonic honest she
seems less like a person who wants to
help the people and more like a queen
who was taking her rightful place that's
the attitude I get from her I don't get
queen ant I get this entitled I get this
this vibe from her it's my turn now and
I've been waiting for this for 20 years
and I put up with bill but now it's my
turn
no that's the vibe I get from Hillary I
don't get that I I get I get a power
persona like I get that she wants to be
in power but I don't I don't get the
entitled okay I've never gotten that
vibe from her what was the gay marriage
portion of that I think the gay marriage
portion of that was Obama was in the tip
read it like what it's a os2 public
versus private position don't forget in
2008 Obama said I am not in favor of gay
marriage and so that was not playing the
politics game is the majority of the
populace was against it right they were
they were lying politicians not a lying
not lying the politicians Hillary and
this is a reason why I did not vote for
her in the Democratic primaries Hillary
is a good Democratic soldier she will
follow the Democrats she will control
the Democrats and browbeat them into
going her way now she will she thinks
she's in charge of the demoscene
what I'm saying is she will follow the
policies outlined by the Democrats all
right and she all right is part of
controlling that policy but she will go
on and that's why I like Bernie cuz he
was he was pulling he was pulling his
own weight yeah you don't have to go
into e mode only mode we've got it we've
got an election days away politics are
going to come up six-hour thing that
happened there the thing that happens
and we're adults and we need to deal
with it we can deal with it we are
mature enough
sorry beefcake and sorry cinnamon that
this is what what we're dealing with
tonight it's gonna come up if somebody
now is being like insulting yeah I hate
you Lib Tarbes or are you Republicans
are all months then should ban that
person yep bana for the night banned
them for the night
absolutely like that's I think that
sensible like we're not we're not here
to tell you how to vote we're just we're
doing exactly what we always do which is
just chatting but if something rich Evan
says is changing your political
worldview maybe maybe you just haven't
thought about your worldview enough
right yeah see like tyranny Soros Rex
that's the kind of stuff you can ban
people for saying go Cubs go - that's a
banna below Finn's tyranny Soros Rex
saying stuff like that will get you
banned for the night let's not be idiots
what we're saying is be mature that's my
that's my warning for you and for
everyone else we're not accepting even
jokes cuz remember it's hard to read
sarcasm I like turtles there we go I
like turtles to go bucks go whatever
bucks is the basketball nobody even
nobody up here even knows that that
Milwaukee has a basketball team no well
they only they only knew when all of a
sudden they wanted a new stadium and
then they said yeah we'll get the
taxpayers to pay for it go to a random
person on the street and ask them how
they feel about the bucks this year yeah
and see if they don't shoot you a
confused look okay I'm not I'm not
kidding I know oh I know listen I know
that's why it's one of those things
where it's like yeah well but we want a
new stadium we're gonna have a brand new
bucks Center yeah yeah that's gonna
happen that's gonna happen yeah
beefcakes says he would prefer us talk
about Ghostbusters 2016 why why beefcake
why he's I think he's being fucked okay
ding beep don't cut beefcake has a tough
job with politics right now rich how
long would you say it takes you to open
up a package after it arrives a package
like if someone sends you a package how
well is it secured people send us shit
are you ok all the time yeah we get in
care packages of shitty VHS tapes just
great we can use that kind of stuff yeah
but it's like kind of funny to me
because she got these 30 year old like
like set tapes like how do you how to
play the flute you know there's a box
full of crap like that but nobody cares
about oh god do they wrap it secure
they take the packaging tape and there's
like three layers and it's like I wanted
you to rip it open on her hands but
there's there's no way it's probably
they have secured these old shitty
disintegrating phages s tapes too well
and I need a box cutter so it takes you
like all day it's open takes me all day
unless I have a box cutter right well
you should carry a box cutter my legs it
might go over the Senate like a bubble
wrap which is an acceptable way to send
a shitty old VHS tapes just shove it in
a bubble wrap thing there and and close
it just rip that right open I don't want
to destroy my precious shit right Germer
take a right
all right let's see here anonymous says
Gul Dukat did nothing wrong
does that mean anything to you arguably
he's golda caught was a smartly written
villain okay
and that it was there was a lot of gray
area when it came to gold Akkad okay
and was he from Deep Space nine okay he
was the major antagonist okay in the
show for the most part and at some point
they the writers thought oh my God he's
too likable and then they started
writing him like a cartoon villain and
oh no you had something much better yeah
he doesn't need to just be pure evil oh
well did he kind of get rekt or did they
eventually redeem us it's been a long
time since I watched the show so I don't
really remember now I think it ended
badly for him as being ridden he became
the new Satan maybe if I remember the
ending of that show right yes all right
I saw it rich has not seen it yet no I
saw it and overall for Doctor Strange I
enjoyed it I really enjoyed it I thought
it had some really minor
characterization problems one in
particular which maybe I'll talk about
later if I can think of a way to not get
too spoilery with it but over it like
the visuals were really great the
soundtrack be the score lunch at
mantastic shadow saying that gold Akkad
before the show started was in charge of
concentration camps
what made gold got interesting was that
they wrote in rationalizations for it on
his part he didn't see himself as the
villain he he saw himself as suppressing
dissidents well those are the best
villains is the bill that the villains
who you know who see their own world
view correct Wow
but in any case I thought I thought was
very good I actually I got really lucky
this weekend my my mom took my boys for
a night and so Lisa and I got to go
out and have dinner without children and
see a movie without children and that's
always a treat and we went to go see dr.
strange great score really fun visuals
and out of like one of the one of my
favorite endings to almost any Marvel
movie I haven't seen it don't spoil I'm
not spoiling it just just saying
and of course Benedict Cumberbatch it's
great it is weird to hear him with an
American accent I almost wish they just
made Doctor Strange British because
Benedict Cumberbatch Cumberbatch I'm
just so used to him being British bad
you know it's weird I'm sorry he's
Sherlock you know I'm I'm so I'm sorry
you should be rich you should be
yes Len yes absolutely
Layne flack ocinski so like I said I
won't get to spoiler but overall I liked
it I know I was getting it a little back
and forth with someone on Twitter today
because they were complaining about the
fight scenes in Doctor Strange and they
didn't think that fighting was
appropriate for Doctor Strange because
it's all about magic and whatnot and I
liked like fist fighting like they would
like have like they would make like
magic weapons and yeah there were some
fighting you need to make the action you
need to want it's an action movie so you
need to have action in it and you need
to make that action relatable and
kinetic it's the issue with Doctor
Strange right how do you make it he
doesn't feel like an action hero Doctor
Strange is like the best supporting
character ever when it comes to the
Marvel Universe
oh he's a he's a he's an all-star
utility player yeah he's the he's the
Sixth Man of the Year like like your
your you're writing for for spider-man
yeah and you know you're sick of
fighting the animal-themed criminal that
I want do story where was
spider-man has to stop the the demon
from performing the ritual and that
feels out of place in spider-man's world
I team up with Doctor Strange yep
Fantastic Four I've been going on a lot
of weird science adventures uh what if
what do we do a story where sue gets
possessed by spirits now is that a place
Oh we'll have a team-up with Doctor
Strange yeah yeah but you also need to
have some action in your action movie
and I thought I don't have to be an
action movie huh didn't have to be an
action movie as far as what people going
to see a Marvel movie expect good okay
but I thought they did it very well and
that's not like it that wasn't a major
part of the movie the action sequences
weren't a major part of the movie a lot
of good science II stuff over overall
about very good I'd say you know above
ant-man level as far as like Guardians
level like overall less fun than
guardians but a much better much better
ending
but guardians has Chris Pratt and it
sounds like how do you get more fun than
Chris Pratt and I mean he's great the
Innoko guardians are seeing anywhere Ian
sucks you and I both agree on this yeah
but anyway I recommend it doc Doctor
Strange what is this
you fixed the prereq logo fun to that I
will save that and thank you anonymous
earthy for the image of previously
recorded having fun wrong since 2016
let's see here Godfather 42 is the rlm
media empire employing any of you full
time or do you still have other jobs to
make ends meet and then played by rlm
full-time
yep rich J Mike jack has other things
that he does but it's similar things he
also does editing in videos yep I
produce other videos if these days
though it is mostly rlm and prereq yeah
that is taking up a lot more of my time
than in the past obviously mmm as we
grow as a channel and as you know this
as we get more these incomes I get to do
this more and more but I still do take
jobs as a freelance video producer human
crew member or do I just want the scrap
how many do you have do you have enough
to run each of the things that they need
to run their ng is they're not great
fighters but then again neither are the
humans they're just kind of average you
know it's like to me it's always it's
always better to have an extra crew
person
do you have teleporters are you looking
to get teleporters ya them fuckin thanks
crap take the scrap and that's the chat
once but of course they're gonna want
somebody else to be named for that I've
already seen the lend wants you to take
it at the scrap that's right I'm only a
part-time hack here at our own I'm
taking the scrap take this crap kill so
yeah I still take work on like creating
commercial videos and you should you
should offered me a fucking mantis
resultant now you die
yeah our our team enriches day job is
working for our level yeah I'm the only
one that has other jobs but my other
jobs are producing videos so it's a very
similar one I need hacking
yeah hacking or hacking is great I need
to take down the fucking shields hacking
anion I just need to go all in on this
drone thing
agreed you got the drunk ship do it
anonymous says rich Jack a strange
request but would rich say I am Jack
Packard and Jack say I'm rich Evans why
how what what way are you planning to
edit this it's too strange and request
okay I don't trust it
I guess I said it while I read it so
I've read my I did my part alright here
I refuse
oh also actually that reminds me rich we
have a listener who is a comic book
artist okay a professional comic book
artist nice and who made us something
Oh earner true and who tried to put us
in a in a real life comic book okay I'm
gonna show you a picture right now
unfortunately they they had to remove us
from their real life comic book because
their suits didn't want us to sue in
case we were unhappy alright our
depiction alright so we didn't make the
final cut but they tried and I thought
it was a really great panel they did say
I could tweet it out oh I gotta find the
tweet now
oh my god some what just happened since
I tweeted that out gosh darn it it's
really cool
trust me you're gonna love it if I can
find it oh that's great that great
that's great what was that gonna be in I
was gonna be in an issue of Archer and
Armstrong which is a valiant comic yeah
yeah I actually read and so you totally
would have caught it I totally would
have caught it Mike Norton who who is a
listener tried to sneak rich and I into
an issue of Archer and Armstrong which
by the way and I've talked about this
before so this is unprompted by almost
being in it is a great comic is around
like I really enjoy it's valiant and
I've been really I've been super into
valiant lately and so I was it's time to
stand up is it remember when standing
was the thing I will I'll stand up all
that's fine it's all it's all fine
stretch it out y'all doing this wrong
and I'm back I get a drone and feel all
fine connected for oh I we did it early
that was 56 minutes thank you Oh No
so in any case they tried to take us in
I did give him permission
I said you hereby have written eyes
consent to put us in an issue as long as
you don't have us saying anything weird
okay saying anything well you know like
I don't I don't want like a little like
a like us to be like I don't know Nazi
simple it depends on where we are - yeah
so but it now obviously just in there
like a scene at a furry convention you
know you know which is by the way
exactly
think what their lawyers afraid of right
now right no we just don't do it but I'm
in the case I thought it was cute I
thought it was cute Anonymous's Jack I
don't think you get how fans of sports
teams work I don't anonymous he's not a
sports guy I'm not a sports guy it makes
sense why he doesn't get it when they
win the game
we did it we're great when they lose a
game they blew it they suck mm-hmm um
voted Trump inspired by rich as a big fu
to rich and fu - wait wait I vote for
Trump is an fu to me no voted
I think anonymous said they voted for
Trump inspired by rich as a big fu okay
whatever I don't think there's an fu to
you I think that yeah yeah sarcastic
voting right which is great that's
exactly how you want to vote for a
president it's where we're at it's where
we're at let's deal with a jack we deal
with a Jack where we're at we have a a
s'more a clearly more sane option
clearly more sane
Jiminy Cricket prick bastard even if the
arse
keep the oh the Republicans keep the
house they're fucked tea partiers won't
pass budgets Clinton would sign the few
same Republicans left get dem voters to
avoid the shutdown then their own base
primaries then their own base primaries
them lol yeah it's gonna be interesting
it's gonna be real interesting I know
like the the big the the real fun thing
is the shake-up that's gonna happen in
the FBI because you know once again last
week we had more like FBI's like hey we
might be reopening this whole email case
because we got more emails to go through
you know just to kind of poke and then
today they issued a statement gun nope
still not pressing any charges she
didn't definitely didn't do anything
wrong so it's like why why poke because
he's been poking he's been poking at the
bad Hillary so you know when she becomes
president yeah I was pokin back why
would they want to charge her when she's
probably almost certainly gonna be the
next president because you know you
don't want to make those enemies there's
political reasons for not charging her
with anything well no but he was hoping
to say he his hope was to say he was
reopening the case to sway voters away
from her okay is what they're saying but
now it looks like it's not working so
he's trying to step back no nope still
no charges still no charges because when
she gets into power she's gonna poke
back she's gonna poke right back let's
see here
half Matt half cat says even if Trump
gets elected we have two other branches
to have checks and balances the
executive branch actually has little
power beyond executive orders which only
apply to the executive branch and and
that is true we do have checks and
balances the problem is as far as I see
it Trump as the figurehead of the nation
is uh well it's all about the Supreme
Court nominees that's the other problem
I think that's another huge problem
people are voting this election for the
Supreme Court yep yeah that's that's
fair super fair all right and
disciplined that it says oh just
executive order it's it's it's all right
the crazy thing to me is I keep like do
these things ever target the fuckin
weapon room god I hate drones the crazy
thing for me is like I keep seeing like
articles on undecided voters and it's
very hard for me to imagine someone who
hasn't made up their mind yet of course
of course they got the drone room I
don't hit their fuckin weapons from once
and they instantly hit the drone room
which is the only offense I have that's
bullshit
siren I'm sorry which no you're not no
ma'am fucking bastard and they don't
really care Oh mr. pewdie pants the fact
that they haven't had hearings on any of
Obama's Supreme Court like that's
bullshit what is with that it was kick
in their own nuts absolute horseshit is
what that is they're they're hungry
they're they're are open I agree they're
that is what the president is and they
are supposed to do and there they are
and and they're like they're not even
trying to hide the fact that now we're
gonna we're watching the death of
democracy gee a fresh to says hey you
guys I think at this point we go
where I think at this point we can all
agree that Bill Hicks was right goat boy
I don't necessarily know what that means
do you know that mean oh great great
some sort of Asian lettering name says
can we please fucking stop can we please
stop fucking talking about politics
maybe a little bit who knows we'll see
what the the next comment has say oh
it's about politics I'm sorry
Asian looking lettering name we we are
two days away from our elections for
president we you can't avoid it and we
just can't we just can't
once elections are over we will probably
stop talking about it this is a big deal
right now
and rich and I are talking about it and
you know we're remaining pretty civil I
think and you know if you yep if you can
to deal with it then you might want to
not want to listen today but we know
it's going to come up and I'm very sorry
if that if you don't like that game
child UK says do you think Russ
Feingold's will win Senate in Wisconsin
I hope so I'd love for Dems to retake
Senate so Hillary can get her cabinet
and Supreme Court nominations through my
state's open seat will be read
Russ has a chance Nora so normally my am
i incorrect in saying that Obama had the
Congress in his pocket when he got first
got elected you are incorrect yeah he
had a he had Republican from the start
yeah from the start okay okay and I
think he had a Republican House and
Senate I have to start okay
Russ has a chance so normally Wisconsin
is a very strange state where we usually
go Democrat in presidential races but
conservative in in local races and
usually that's a turnout issue is we
have a much higher turnout for
presidential races this year we know
we're gonna die and I just don't care oh
I hit the ship okay I hate the ship
oh they lost the house in 2010 is that
what it is in 2010 dr. Logan so he had
two years what did he do amazing things
in his presidency yeah wasn't winning
well the Democrats had the house in the
Senate and presidency did did the world
change I mean did the world change
throughout his presidency yes in those
months in those years that probably set
up a lot of things that throughout a guy
said what happened I don't know what did
Obama care get pushed through was that
in that time or is that after the fact I
have no strong recollection for
Obamacare was that during was that
Obamacare was that during that period I
passed out so I'm just wondering I'm
wondering and that's what they're saying
I'm curious okay they got rid of Don't
Ask Don't Tell yeah they they dealt with
the financial crisis they're saying yeah
you did along I don't forget that
overall through his presidency
you know John jobs are up average wages
are up you know more people have health
insurance now than ever before or like
we're generally broke a like we're cool
as a country number wise
Michelle again I'm but she wasn't last
wrong service yep a 135 sorry Chen
already got in and jyggalag 35 did you
Corinne yep great is that - geez
anything is how are the jeez
how are the G's in this name - geez okay
I'm not stumping for him I'm just I'm
just putting out putting out facts
average wages are up jobs are up
yes our national debt is also up but
numbers have us generally doing all
right
her options are entitled or crazy I
don't see it titled that's just me
I do yeah I do I and you know what even
if it is entitled if those are our two
options I think there's a clear winner
of those two in any case yes but I'm
still abstaining the vote because I
can't get behind either of them and by
the way that is absolutely your right
yep and we've gone through that it is
rich is right to do that
where was that I would have to do Oh
so anyway - to finish up the Feingold we
were going to have a large voter turnout
for the presidential election so it's
very possible that if we go Democrat for
Hilary we will also go Democrat for
Feingold he was he was very popular here
Wow which is stupid they're not evenly
bad I never said they're evenly bad I
said I refuse to play the lesser of two
evils game and if you don't like that
I'm sorry but that's just not what I'm
gonna do he what what he literally said
20 seconds ago was he cannot get behind
either candidate he
not saying they are equally bad or
equally anything he cannot get behind
either of them and it is his right to
just not vote that's not the call I
would make that's not the call a lot of
people would make a lot of people you
know want to go third party a lot of
people you know want to enter the lesser
of two evils is there is the third party
even gonna be on the ballot though in
Wisconsin I don't think there are if
they are maybe I don't know I don't I
don't I gotta say though other than just
a vote for protest right Jule Styne no
not qualified Gary Johnson horribly not
qualified right oh right and I'm with it
I know some people are doing that I
think it's a bad idea to do that we need
we need we need a strong third party but
we need a strong third party hadn't we
know no third parties need a base we
need third parties in Congress we need
third parties and Senate we need third
parties in in local fields that's how
you can get them third third parties
only pop up once every four years during
presidential races and that's not good
enough is is it possible even to get a
third a strong third party in this
country if because we talked about this
before we have and the chat brought up
Ross Perot yes when the 90s was he was
in the he was in the damn debates he was
he was a fair number of votes he was he
was all he was a a self-funded
millionaire how come that never became a
viable third party you know I didn't
have a base what about the people who
voted for him what do you mean he did
what do you mean he didn't have a base
so like a party is what one man is not a
party yeah I know that I know that and
so but you got to start somewhere you
have to start somewhere and that's why
we need to think smaller for third
parties we need to think Congress we
need to think Senate we need to think
fucking chair people in in your in your
City Hall council York City Hall council
people right you need colleagues who
will go to bat for you if we start third
parties on a smaller scale we can build
them up because he took votes from the
other guys
that is generally considered a bad thing
for the election yes more choices for
the voters is a bad thing what a
horribly awful point of view I disagree
with you sir I disagree with you that's
the reason I do think that's the reason
though that the third parties have not
been allowed into the debates well you
know there there was there strong
evidence that say that's why that's why
you know Clinton got in is because of
Ross Perot yeah and that's why it didn't
double you did so well is because of
who's the Green Party candidate in 2008
er Nader is because Nader got involved
and that's how that's how we ended up
with HW bush is is the we're already
fucked this is Ross Perot also did have
like he just he had a persona man people
knew who that guy was he was crazy he
was the good kind of crazy
who else is crazy and running for
president no he was fun crazy
he wasn't scary crazy he was fun crazy
right he was like he was like grandpa
got into the moonshine crazy not like
grandpa wants to get the rope crazy
grandpa doesn't want to get the rope
grandpa wants attention good grandpa
wants attention from the people getting
over grandpa wants wants the ego fed
yeah in any case I agree we need more
parties the you know here's the other
problem is like the Democrats and the
Republicans have platforms right yeah
that people can latch onto and so you
need a third party with a strong
platform and that takes people and that
takes money and that takes fucking you
need it you need someone who's in charge
of marketing that shit well will it
happen in this country in the next
century in our lifetime yeah even the
next century that's a really scary
question cuz I think the answer is no
yeah
but you know what maybe like tea party
has been has been pretty big right tea
party has done very well yeah but
they're up there part of the Republican
there I think they don't think of
themselves that way Tea Party has been
very strong as far as like a possible
blob that can splinter off into its own
thing
before perot the closest thing we got
was the bull moose party yeah who knows
that was a very different time
oh no and that by the way I understand I
understand that the Tea Party is not an
official party but it is a group of
Republicans with a similar idea and I
know there's no oxygen where we I
couldn't take down my shields it was
calculated as calculated I knew the what
what I just said to rich was it is a
group of Republicans with a base of
ideas that could splinter off sure its
own party so what we're seeing what
could happen and you know with the
popularity of someone like Bernie
Sanders in the primaries we could
equally see a splinter of liberals kind
of moving left of center as Hillary
moves more center-right it's possible I
don't think it's likely are we watching
the beginning of the end of the world
are we we watching the beginning of a
nuclear war with Russia
no and must I point out that the Cubs
just won the World Series the end times
Jack are upon us I don't I don't believe
in these kind of superstitions so no
don't go curses they're meaningless now
the whole world's going topsy-turvy the
Cubs the Cubs win the World Series
nothing makes sense anymore the sign of
the end times
no no I think we're fine everything's
gonna be fine alright where are we where
were we uh her NZ says here's ten
dollars funding for a Leatherman for a
box opener also what about third parties
yes they can we're good okay well
luckily we just we just discussed about
we don't have to read discuss it it's
fine just Alec 64 says since my last
Star Trek question of the day was a bust
here's another one what do you think of
the various Enterprise designs
I personally love the work of MP walk
version II looks like hot trash nd is
too flowy flowing all right so what was
it again I'm a shooting airship the ship
design for which the weight of which
what do you like for which compared to
what to what he says I personally love
MP walk versions he looks like hot trash
D is too flowing NP walk
what's MP 1 MP w ok versions Oh Oh
motion picture Wrath of Khan of course
of course yes that is the best version
of the enterprise that's a picture of a
guy the motion even the motion picture I
had a nicer paint job I believe it I've
read about this it wasn't as obvious
when you watch the film just cuz of the
way it had to be lit but supposedly when
you just saw that thing like painted in
a room as they made it it's got all
these like like subtle colors it's got
like this pearl kind of greens and blues
and reds on the different panels ok when
you see in the movie because it's it's
so many lit mentalizing the ship is
completely dark you don't see any of
that supposing when you saw that ship in
person as it was originally painted the
fucking beautiful okay I I have been so
tempted to buy that 100 dollar model of
the the motion picture slash Wrath of
Khan Enterprise and just make it I've
been so tempted to do that never I never
have I don't trust myself to do a good
job on it
sure the man that ship is beautiful
sweet Radek rich and I have both we've
talked about Star Trek beyond before but
we both liked it yeah yeah beams good
peons very fun it's a fun movie I think
it's it's out of the the new tracks it's
my favorite and it's it finally was
finally just a fun movie to watch and it
wasn't too crazy with the old-school
Star Trek references and it was just fun
little yeah as far as far as that chest
bringing of that version of the
enterprise a little bit a little bit
cartoony for my taste I don't like the
giant warp nacelles I got a big bold
thing like your new Trek version yeah
yeah it's new you know it's new
it's Galassi the best Enterprise is the
motion capture
yeah beyond fun movie okay all right
great oh fuck
great great dr. Harry Lime says I'll be
doing a live YouTube stream channel B
pto a on election night
it's prereqs faults for showing me how
building a pc and OBS aren't beyond an
idiot's grass yeah just like the
presidency boom boom well great have fun
streaming I know um yes Tiberius I know
what's called the refit Enterprise I
imagine most people listening to the
stream would be confused if I said my
favorite Enterprise was the refit right
ooh
beefcake is calling the new ones the
Apple Store Enterprise that's them not a
bad name for I will say this I I will
defend the ones defend the lens flares
yeah yeah everything everything in that
movie felt shiny and new and that's that
Star Trek it's the glorious future that
has been saved by technology yes like
it's appropriate Star Trek the Star Trek
just had too many of them I loved it
visually I loved it I like the light
Rich's Pro lens flare yeah I wouldn't
work in Star Wars it would have been a
horrible idea there but in Star Trek
yeah loved it loved it it's great shiny
new and hope that's that Star Trek Star
Trek's hope for the future
it made sense I thought they could have
toned it down just like yeah like
fucking fucking 20% crank that shit up
to 11 what a fucking sadly I do like the
look of the enterprise-e you feel like a
heathen sounds risky you are a heathen
the enterprise-e is just dogshit
I don't know which one he is so that's
all I got
I am if I even if I sell them in missile
launcher I am I'm to scraps away to
scraps from what the ion blasts you
can't get it I can't get it I'm sorry
there's nothing else I can I'm not
selling that right I just bought that
look I mean if you want the ion blast
oh not as much as it's scrap recovery
arm okay that would be insane to get rid
of that those are your choices you got
choices is the 2016 presidential
election shit choice you have two
choices and you don't like Shh Ivan's
iced zero zero I have nothing insightful
to add to any of the conversations going
on here so here's $2 for you hack frauds
lol slick my stick Anonymous went
through a health scare recently thanks
for keeping my sanity helping keep my
sanity also thanks for the solo stream
Jack solo gives us a chance to convince
you to do things the others wouldn't do
that originally they convinced you what
did you do Jack like divorced parents I
think convinced me to do something I
don't I don't know what I don't remember
that was a lot I was I was medicated I
was on I was on anti Booker medication
so I could go through the stream without
like constantly blowing my nose I don't
know what you guys convinced me to do
button
I mean you're welcome
Americus is anonymous if you don't if
you do the work you can be anything even
president Hillary okay now one fridge
fuck you I don't know what that means
anonymous but I read it Mario Mario says
I actually got to see dr. strange last
weekend felt like they really dropped
the bomb on a beloved character also I
didn't understand all the talk about
precious body fluids lol bag o me
fingers precious body fluids was that in
the review I didn't was the review I
don't mic in J film the half of the bag
I don't stock or strange oh I don't know
is that up it could be I don't know if
they're making if in any case all I know
about precious bodily fluids that sounds
like a dr. Strangelove reference oh yeah
dr. strange dr. Strangelove yeah if they
have a review it must have just gone up
I haven't seen it I just know they're
filming something the other day and that
said oh okay quite possible that was the
big one this weekend unless they were
doing a review of trolls no idea
probably not no and I thought I thought
the characters are there's one big
problem I had I don't want to mention
anything because it's slight spoilery
territories and so how late I'll wait a
week like we usually do but I had one
big problem character wise because he
ever oh everyone here who knows me knows
that character motivation is very
important to me
relish should the relish says you guys
are awesome here's some money lol relish
my relish Thank You Rosa relish
anonymous says thoughts on the show's
Malcolm in the Middle and whose line is
it anyway
I have strong thoughts on neither grates
I've seen maybe one episode of malcolm
in the middle' ever right yeah I don't
know I didn't know something I hated it
I just never really watched it okay I
remembered like the first couple of
seasons I was super into Malcolm in the
middle it was great and then in you know
just slowly fell off but I
really liked malcolm in the middle' of
course they might be giants did the
theme song so I was super into it Jane
Kaz Marek the mom of malcolm in the
middle' we when we moved out of the
country and into the suburbs we actually
lived next door to her mother the jane
cosmetics mother and before Malcolm in
the Middle
the the old lady who lived next door to
us in the suburbs called us over to her
house so we could watch her daughter be
on a soap opera and we're like oh how
fun but you know didn't think anything
yeah love it and she actually Jane
Kaczmarek went to my high school so
that's that's all I got for malcolm in
the middle' whose line is it anyway I
I'm okay with has some funny moments I'm
a big fan of improv comedy yeah it's
fine ish I don't know
I I've always I've always enjoyed it but
I really like fine if you had absolutely
nothing better to do yeah yeah that's
fair I've been recently reading a book
on improv comedy oh it's called how to
be the world's greatest improviser and
look at this map it really makes me want
to get back into improv comedy but it's
it's a fun read if you are into that
that's a lot of you have a lot of danger
on that map bridge that's good that
means crap no I'm serious injuries
that's that's what I like to see those
are those are all the ones I'm going to
deliberately go to yeah rich for the
Gears of War video you mentioned
vanquished a lot have you played Binary
Domain have not okay what's the deal
with Binary Domain I don't know it's on
the PC so you don't have to complain
about no my house aiming do you have
rocketboost
Craig nation I can agree with a lot of
that there's there's another problem I
have as far as Doctor Strange is
concerned but the visuals are great and
the score the visuals and the score are
really fantastic the video like when
that when they do their their weird
space visuals it's just wonderful a lot
of a lot of classic classic weirdness in
there it's great that I have not read
the UCB improv manual I'm reading the
the world how to be the world's greatest
improviser was written by a UCB teacher
and it's been it's been a fun read it
really makes me want to get back into it
I just don't have the time no time I did
not see it in 3d
I felt I think if I would have seen it
in 3d it would have made me sick
I don't like 3d in general no so I spent
half the time when a 3d movie like like
just taking the glasses off and
squinting hey I don't know why just
don't like the effect I don't know we
had a choice Lisa and I had a choice we
could have walked to our local
independent theatre and see it in 3d or
drive to the big Chain Theatre and see
it in 2d and yeah I was 2d because yeah
3d that much more more than we cared
about supporting our local theater who
we hate 3d some local theater huh some
local theater 3d it's the local
independent theater yeah I know
fuckers I know you know what fucking
fuckers fuck them those fucking fucking
fuck fuck I know I know
where are we important election question
says it I know it's not square cut pizza
or pie cut pizza make pizza great again
you know if you're cooking it at home
you're gonna like you don't like a
store-bought pizza pie otherwise either
way is acceptable here's my
controversial opinion on the subject
yeah
square cut you know what I'm gonna go
about-face yeah I'm gonna decline the
scare Cup it's good decline the square
cut because you get this horrible corner
cuts those are the greatest days are
crap you know what those are those are
snack at eyes errs Oh take a little one
oh it's pizza only terrible it's like
none of the cheese all the hi guys she's
in a little bit of crust those are great
especially like especially if you're
going like super crispy thin crust then
you got the little the little corner
that's just a bit of crunch it's perfect
square cut all the way no pie I'm gonna
buy
square cut it you know what wear cuts
not the worst thing that could happen to
you especially if you're in a group
square cut is the only way that makes
sense cuz then everyone gets multiple
people I'll give you that it's easier to
dole it out you have a large number of
people you have a small number of people
buy my prop I here's my problem with the
pie even if you don't have a large group
of people no matter what like the last
slice you eat normally like the grease
starts to congeal on the tips and you
end up with a greasy tip as long as
there's no fucking pineapple on it I
don't give a shit you know what I'm
gonna reach across the aisle here rich
we're gonna be bipartisan I'm gonna
agree with you square cut triangle cut
we can both agree pineapple is not the
way to go
ah agreed
mmm pineapple fucking bomb and Chavous
Bowman did you read the number of people
in the comments or on J side know what
time what is wrong with all of you
people there's a there's a there's a
vocal minority of pineapple pizza lovers
and they're all wrong god damn it all of
them are wrong they're incredibly wrong
incredibly wrong
I had a great pizza the other day pesto
sausage bacon and mushrooms okay the
pesto and the sausage making them you
little crispy Bacon's here and they all
sure you sure that's fine as long as
it's not fine pineapple you can beat
whatever you want
yeah pesto on a pizza by the way you
haven't you have not even greasy cheesy
pizza well why did I put a sweet fruit
on there but no that's right but did you
know rich that actually the director of
clown is doing the new spider-man that
was that was all like Jay has her make a
sarcastic yeah because they for some
reason even though Jay and I after we
made that joke stared directly into the
camera for the punchline people did not
understand that that was a joke never
underestimate the power of stupid no
never underestimate the power of
stupidity there you go there you go
they'll find new ways to be dumb they
will Oh Myra Myra that sounds great feta
sausage green chillies red peppers
sun-dried tomatoes maybe not the
sun-dried tomatoes they can go either
way from me sometimes you have like the
bad sun-dried tomatoes oh where are we
fearful sludge boy says yo yo yo jack
are yo yo yo jack yo yo yo Jack you up
on over watch his recent character
reveal of some bruh or are you not
paying attention and just waiting until
she's in the game I did see the reveal I
I wasn't down with the Arg I wasn't
paying any attention to that but I saw
the short of the new animated short and
she looks very very interesting I'm
excited to play her I think she's coming
out this week new character and
overwatch yeah it's exciting new new
move said whatever I know you don't care
yeah I care she looks very interesting
I actually they had some people live
streaming at Blizzcon and so there is
footage of her in game right now and
especially her teleporting looks to be
hugely advantageous basically you can
set up a little exit teleporter anywhere
and then for 15 seconds to do whatever
you want hit a button go back to where
you set up the exit teleporter and so
you can you know kind of set up the
teleporter go in do a bunch of damage
and then teleport back to where you were
and it looks super fun looks super fun
we're bringing in visibility into
overwatch which could be really
frustrating the thing I worry about most
with Sombra is that she's gonna turn
into another Mei which may as a
character is more frustrating than fun
like she's more frustrating to play
against than she is fun to play and
Sombra a lot of her moveset involves
taking powers away from other people
like she can hack a character so they
can use their special ability and so I
wonder if she's gonna be more
frustrating to play against than fun to
play I'm very sorry that's that's my
complete thoughts on overwatch and I
will stop talking about it
how did overwatch overtake Team Fortress
2 when Team Fortress 2 was free and was
very popular what happened what happened
people like new things I think it's just
that simple
and it's it's all about community Team
Fortress 2 is free but it's hard to find
a good game like valve doesn't
necessarily do a great job with keeping
trolls out or matchmaking or that kind
of stuff and over end and Blizzard came
in with overwatch and they said we're
gonna dedicate our resources to good
matchmaking we're gonna dedicate our
resources to a balanced game we're gonna
try to make sure you get the best online
gaming experience
tf2 was already dying was what I'm
reading yeah I mean I've also tf2 is
older then why didn't people look for
something that was completely new and
not a game which to me when I look at
overwatch it looks a lot like Team
Fortress 2 to me it is a lot of like
Team Fortress 2 if people were sick of
Team Fortress 2 why didn't they find
something entirely different
why did they just find another Team
Fortress 2 if they were sick of Team
Fortress 2 would they because they
weren't sick of Team Fortress 2 they
were sick of the community okay and so
people like team based their team
class-based first-person shooters but
the community of tf2 got to meta mm-hm
and so they went they moved to the new
community rich you like fuckin dooms
remake I was never sick of doom people
were saying tf2 die
right there's dying oh here look there's
this thing it's like tf2 let's play that
yeah it seems weird to me but I'm just
explaining in the chat y-you know but I
do well yeah that's a different that's
different I wasn't sick of doom oh sure
no and you know what I there one there's
still a lot of people playing tf2 mmm
and if valve updated tf2 as often as
they update overwatch I think they would
have a bigger market share but for valve
tf2 is a write-off like they're not
doing much over on tf2 anymore but they
are updating overwatch which is what
you're looking for and you know maybe
there's only so much you can play a game
but I think a lot of people you know you
get a couple thousand hours into tf2 and
you're like ok I'm ready to move on them
and overwatch is enough like tf2 to want
to play it but different enough to want
a point so that's what I got on that
Jimmy crooked prick bastard oh Jesus
Christ
what what we're gu POSIX the cock
brothers the Koch brothers started
mobilizing in December 2008 to shut down
everything Obama could ever do also the
Dems never had the Senate in that
practice frankenz election was disputed
then Kennedy died great thanks Jiminy
Cricket Britt know better here's a
couple bucks for rich says slug net
constantly reminding us that you don't
own digital games so I've been looking
to gog.com also gog has a big sale right
now you hack frauds speaking of did you
hear about what was it not you play not
battlenet I have whatever it is I'm sure
I haven't heard of it was a company who
has a digital games platform I want to
say they do battlefront ok has banned an
entire country from playing their games
ok even if that country has already
bought games they can no longer play oh
how nice someone tell me what this is
I'm forgetting exact origin thank you
Oh AAS company yes oh how shocking that
they would pull sleazy stunts like that
it has it has something to do with a
trade sanction that went up on that
country but then was removed and these
people get their money back no oh
all so because of because of the the
digital handshake that needs to happen
if they bought games through orgies
Christ people in what country is it now
some fuckers those absolute fuckers what
country me Mayan Mar it's him I don't
know it doesn't matter it doesn't matter
it should this should happen in zero
countries it should happen in zero
countries if you buy a game proprietary
the country is zero you bought the game
it's yours and if they take it away you
should get your full fucking refund full
full what I want to say if I'm if I read
the article on it correctly there was
some sort of trade sanction that went up
on Mayan Mar but then was removed but EA
like didn't get the memo in time or
didn't care and so I had to shut down
all business in Myanmar so they closed
down origin there but then the trade
sanctions were lifted and so but EA
didn't lift their trade saying it's it's
complicated the only thing that matters
is people bought games and now they
can't play them which fucking sucks
gog.com I won't stop showing them until
they stop selling Darren free stuff and
you know what like gog has the GOG
galaxy which is like a Steam client and
yeah but you can still download the
executables and we put them on a disk
potion and whatever you want to install
your fucking game you just do it but if
you like having the the one place to
play your games Bible games you go to
GOG galaxy it works great origin origin
that was fuckin those fucking pricks
