Jack Eats a kb&m Sandwich. part 1 (Half Life 2)
August 14, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vHot35dw4qM

go stream mr. holy fuck balls hello
people hello people oh hello sheep oh
shit
good morning she pulling it where did
she pull start sheep oh I like the first
time I heard it it was a joke
wake up sheeple I don't know if it's
ever been like used seriously okay joke
as I know you know I only know it as a
joke
wake up sheep okay before we get too far
into this we probably won't be talking a
ton about no man's sky as that is the
next previously recorded we want more
time to get into it we've barely
digested it we've barely digested so I
know there's a lot of no man's sky talk
Jack just just recently got back from
vacation and it didn't come out on Steam
until like two days ago
that's that shit going on so we're not
gonna be a ton of no man's sky talk so
we're playing half-life 2 I guess we're
playing you came over and you wanted to
play half-life 2 right those a little
bit odd a little bit on because you know
what you know this is a classic game I
refer to this game often as you know a
great storytelling game and that
integrates gameplay into story but
here's the real reason why I wanted to
play and I hope everyone's ready for
this ready on my lap is a is a number
pad and a gaming mouse because I have
decided that Jack it's time for Jack to
be a grown-up it's time for Jack to be a
big boy and I've decided I'm going to
teach myself come hell or high water how
to use a mouse and keyboard now before
you teach yourself how to do this and
now you want to use the number pad
because that's what I like to use yes
mall it's portable yeah it's every game
you play on from here to infinity yeah
get ready to rebind your controls yes oh
it's Jack's turn to pick finally taking
off the train oh yeah no and you know
what part like the mouse I've always
been okay with my biggest problem with
the mouse and keyboard has always been
the keyboard yeah like just pret like
getting your fingers in the right
place using WASD never felt right to me
and like quick swapping weapons and
doing stuff with the keyboard never felt
right until my friend rich Evans said
just use a number pad because then
they're all in a grid and I said to
myself that's the fucking smartest thing
that is the smartest thing I've ever
ever heard is just use it on a grid so
already though I need to rebind stuff so
I'm gonna do normal difficulty and we're
gonna rebind everything so forward is
going to be up on the number pad back is
going to be back oh no you know what I
don't want down on the number pad I want
I want middle on the number pad left is
gonna be I I don't think we're gonna be
talking about the riot too much you know
what I didn't even find out about it
until this morning there there was there
was a small riot on the north side of
Milwaukee last night I know very little
I only know everything you guys know
which is what the news is reporting and
it's terrible it's terrible and you know
but it you know what it like it wasn't
in my neighborhood it wasn't even close
to me yeah I was never in danger so yeah
we don't have much to add to the city to
to the conversation so jump I think I
won't jump to be enter on the on the
gamepad because that's the big key you
know small riot sounds silly why every
right has to be big your sizes are you a
riot sizes you want a riot here no not
my towel yeah that was a small riot you
just saw a small riot
I don't yeah I don't know I actually
like it like I said I don't even know
how big the riot was some buildings were
put on fire some cars were smashed some
people were arrested that's all I know
so what do we want for Sprint I'm gonna
have to sprint we might have to sprint
every once in a while which is out of
control
Taysom good right do you think we'll
have to sprint or duck more
sprit you think I'm always spread okay
ducts is sometimes trade ducts is
sometimes treated okay okay so then
primary tack - one second I'd like for
us to reload weapon now see now we have
to start figuring out that jumps the
mouse key jump and reload I guess I got
the fancy mouse with the buttons I'd
like to have those on the mouse jump on
the mouse
I would I have I have four buttons on
the side one of them is in most games
one of them is usually reloaded and the
other is jump sure one next to the other
and like reload I could see in the mouse
like I think reload is gonna be this one
okay this button right here I don't have
any on the side of my mouth they're all
in the top use item let's make that this
one Mouse five crouching is usually not
something you have to do in the heat of
the moment right it's like something you
can think about later so doesn't need to
be ultra accessible you know why you're
right
alright we are gonna apply we are gonna
apply in the mouse seems to be good but
well I'll check now
let's start a new game very curious how
this can work dolphin from sequence us
Jack yes other than Citizen Kane citizen
came other than Jason Kane not citizen
came oh sure which movies made before
1960 do you enjoy the most
I don't enjoy Citizen Kane I think that
was a intentional date gun me cuz I I
understand I've seen it once yeah I
understand it's very very influential
it's very groundbreaking one of the most
important movies to modern cinema I
actually don't enjoy watching it I find
it to be very very boring played around
with a camera a lot and interesting
shots composition I know that well the
the composition it was one of the first
movies if not the first movie it's been
a while since I've looked in the film
book that used scene setup and camera
placement as a storytelling device la
basically invented modern cinematography
no every other movie before that was
just a stage play you know that they
just put
or somewhere and they filmed a stage
play so I understand why Citizen Kane is
super important I just find it very very
boring okay no game zone oh you know
what I see that I see that for some
reason top audio is all the way down
whoa give me a second I think it's
usually right there can you please turn
on subs for the game oh yes yes I can
thank you
okay now you should be here yeah I see
game sound already and let's see this
tape here and go to options and probably
audio and go to subtitles dialogue don't
they look like sound effects would that
be great boom boom boom boom boom boom
can we do Dakka Dakka Dakka Dakka okay
subtitles kablooie dialogue and sound
effects every time you shoot your gun
you see a bang
yeah bang bang bang now I kind of want a
game that does that have a great maybe a
great gimmick okay so I've played a
couple other games like you started
playing the original half-life with a
mouse and keyboard just the right before
I went on vacation just so I can start
getting used to the idea of using a
mouse and keyboard yeah and the whole
hey what what's your damage it's been a
while since I played this game and so
the whole point of this is to make Jack
better at mouse and keyboard I am
learning mouse and keyboard also turn on
some of the video effects if you have a
good PC and I do Oh
graphics video oh my god that resolution
didn't kick that up right off the bat
I scream virtual reality disabled
advanced detail hi hi hi reflect yeah
this is all hi okay what do anti daily
crank that up all the fun way yeah yeah
boom yeah motion blur yeah I personally
never got a big motion blur guy but it's
fancy high dynamic range we got wait for
verticals things to say yeah this looks
great all right cut apply this might
fuck everything up what for for to Nami
anime closed captions they actually do
that it is hilarious
highlights include yelling exasperated
Mon and assorted gunfire gunfire I love
it I love it okay so now look at this we
got this now this looks super fancy
piously no but it's still a game that
came out many many years ago what future
famous person says what is your personal
favorite blanket review nemesis yeah
possibly tied with the insurrection
review
you know what I'll just say I'm gonna
I'm gonna be but a little boring here
yeah that's fine and I'm just gonna say
generations because it was the first and
you know like as soon as I remember
seeing generations and just thinking to
myself Mike has really got something
Mike didn't think much of it yes it was
just like an interesting project he was
working on the side mmm and I saw it I'm
like he doesn't know what he's cooking
with gas yeah yeah absolutely this is
legit funny mm-hmm this can go somewhere
oh yeah I was I was the only one at rlm
that anticipated some kind of success oh
yeah yeah Mike Mike caught him off guard
me I'm thinking this this could be
something oh yeah yeah rich confirmed
for no modesty no that was I mean that
was the benefit of actually not being
involved with making it was just
something like Mike sent me a link I
made this wacky thing with about
generations gonna watch it yeah yeah
sure I'll take a look at it I remember
some of this
I remember some of this nonnamous says
hey Jack and rich I both look marvelous
other evening on the planet Earth
time for the philosophy question of the
week okay do you think consciousness is
material or immaterial consciousness is
is caused by material things it's
material it's in its information
consciousness is information I don't
even I barely understand the question so
I'll just go with rich on this one man
look at these graphics you know
consciousness is a series of electrical
signals yeah so sure it's material it's
a real it's a real thing it's more than
the sum of its parts I don't know no
that's just what we think it is because
we're egomaniacs I don't I don't believe
it could be separated from the material
world I'll go with that
practicing like moving and aiming at
shit
no no idea remove an aim and shit at the
same time this is so weird the other
like already my wrist feels like it's
gonna fall off and I've barely played it
alright
Jedi Knight was the first game that got
me to use a mouse and keyboard before
that oh my oh my uh first person gaming
was like like Wolfenstein and doom where
up and down was it a thing yeah you
could play doom just fine with just the
arrow keys yeah yeah it's like I don't
even play Doom with a with a controller
I just use the arrow fucking case nice
and when quake came out I didn't have a
computer that was good enough to run it
huh so I didn't I didn't really play the
first quake but then the year that quake
2 when Jedi Knight came out I had got a
new PC mm-hmm and Jedi Knight quake 2
and Jedi Knight that was my Christmas
one year glorious extremely glorious and
I instantly saw the advantages of
looking up and down oh yeah
and I just I taught myself how to do it
which is why I got the funky number key
thing and I don't do the WASD like
everyone else for the W and the S or the
same finger I got this like weird claw
grip when I do it oh yeah yeah that's
that's just weird to me but I said it
took me an evening to get used to it it
didn't take too long
you were younger you were your mind and
your body were more malleable I mean I'm
an old man that could be but I also
firmly believed that I couldn't de verte
mice D invert myself sure it took it
took one night of strife to get me most
of the way there
oh okay so I have faith that you can do
it jack
thank you I need all the faith I can get
I whoa whoa sorry you're glitching right
out RJ I'm gonna throw away some more
stuff all that garbage I'll display
Tim salmon says when we first heard
about all the horrible shit that went
down in Milwaukee today my girlfriend
and I thought of you guys first oh we're
glad you're healthy and safe we
unfortunately we really weren't that
close to it
no no it's horrible to watch the whole
thing no it's not we're not closer but
still let's not too far in the grand
scheme of things oh no no it's it's 15
minutes away
yeah it's 15 minutes away but you know
obviously a powder cake yeah we live in
a powder keg oh look at this city rich
reminds me of uh just like wacky goofy
sci-fi idea me and my Academy mmm and
back in high school or we're talking
about like this dystopian future where
there was this horrible rundown city but
this giant glorious tower in the middle
of it all where all the rich people
lived you know and just because we're
silly like like like this big rolling
pin was gonna come out of the tower
it was gonna like come down to the
ground and like in a circle it was just
gonna like wipe out all of the
impoverished areas oh man I you know and
I know you've never played this is the
half life boat cuz like I said like I
mentioned half-life one yeah that was
that was still on the quake one engine I
don't believe quake 2 had come out yet I
missed half-life 1 oh sure just because
of computers
timing I didn't really have computer
that was quite up to it and I missed it
I remember I remember playing this a
while ago I played this on the Xbox 360
and already I'm getting a little the
nostalgia is kicking in yeah just seeing
that city center right there look at
that now I just have to remember where
to go
Oh get in here look at this little
window you can peek in someone's getting
like interrogated in there oh sorry no I
believe skull Tollhouse says Jack that
does your new phone maturity mean your
$200 Xbox controller has been consigned
to the dustbin I will still use it when
Max but even me as a vowel mice and
keyboard guy yeah there's still plenty
of games I prefer the controller for
like the Arkham games games totally
through and through you know there's
plenty of games that are just controller
there's still plenty of uses for a nice
controller and that controller is so
fucking nice but you know what you know
what I'm thinking
the the reason I want to get started on
this now is because I know as soon as I
am able to upgrade my computer I'm gonna
play overwatch on it we should do that
soon huh we should do that soon we don't
know you know we will I'm looking at
stuff I'm looking at stuff but it's
gonna happen sooner or later
I didn't I I still need to I still need
to send you the link for the RAM upgrade
and then I should probably think about a
new video card or something down the
road not immediately yeah yeah it's like
spend a couple years
oh not up there okay I won't go up there
oh Jesus correct Jesus Christ
mr. Fibble 9 hello from England Jack and
rich have you two seen Suicide Squad
also lol Roger my tallywacker Roger my
tallywhacker I have not seen the Suicide
Squad yeah neither right funny story
mildly mildly funny story mildly amusing
story I got roped into going to the
Renaissance Faire today yeah I was I was
a Renaissance Faire ringer today okay
and we're watching like the Durkin guido
surd fighting show and they do like a
comical sword fight stage
yeah and person behind me this girl says
this is better than Suicide Squad yeah
personally I have not seen Suicide Squad
I probably will eventually just because
I want to know what all the hate is
about but is it is just not high up on
my list woah woah I think they're
shooting at me I'm pretty sure they're
shooting at me
I am I hear nothing but bad things did
you hear about like weekend box office
they had an almost 80% drop oh my god
ticket sales well they're opening week
was so insane
they got like a hundred and thirty-five
well we got like AB large number opening
week didn't they they killed it yeah but
they're I mean they're already like oh
well fuck they're already on pace oh
fuck they're already on pace not to make
their money back oh oh that's right
that's right that's right I remember I
remember that was a forest failure I'll
talk about the run fair adventure but I
got so many tips just keep coming Jack
Brad well yeah and yeah so like so
suicide oh oh we remember her ah Suicide
Squad I've heard nothing but bad things
I saw a very funny video today about it
was some girl like going through all of
these like ridiculous plot holes and
yeah like I now I'm I'm more curious to
see it just to see all the plot holes
than hey about it being a good movie
I'm interested in it but I don't want to
give them any more money you know yeah
Oh Alex not obsess jack speaking of news
and crime did you hear that Steven
Avery's making a murderer nephews
conviction was overturned because his
prosecutor perhaps because prosecution
slash defense was so fucked up 90 days
until freedom or retrial yes I did did
you watch making a murderer I started to
yeah I never finished him oh yeah yeah
yeah oh I was hooked man you watch that
first episode that and he's just we
actually I was talking about this that
that did come up up north I was up north
this week this past week and and that
came up because we all saw the news and
actually some of the people we were up
north with new people who knew people
you know who like were around Appleton
at the time that all happened and like I
think one of one of the big problems
with the documentary and the filmmakers
have said like this documentary is not
about either of their innocence we are
not here to prove that these people are
innocent or guilty this documentary is
about the missteps the justice system
took okay mistakes were made on every
single level and so these these guys did
not get a fair trial and that's what all
the documentary was about but then like
you see the documentary you go well of
course Steven Avery he's innocent of
course of course he is how could you do
it but like there's a bunch of stuff
that they left out of the documentary
that like was about his innocence or
guilt but it had nothing to do the
justice system and so it's it's really
it's fair it's a wonderful dog country
but it's literally just about how the
police fucked up and the court system
fucked up okay and I did see that this
kid this kid who is mentally challenged
was bullied into giving a confession
and part of his confession was like
admitting that he helped rape and murder
this girl that was part of this boys
confession his teenage kids confession
and then after he confessed he was
wondering if he'd be able to go to
Wrestlemania that weekend
he just didn't you can just tell he did
not understand the things he was saying
and he was bullied into confessing so
hopefully hopefully both cases are
looked at again because there was some
there were some not cool stuff happening
over there Brendon can finally go to
Wrestlemania
right oh yeah no um miscarriage of
justice does not do it justice oh I was
so fucked up like Steven Avery you know
if you saw the first episode you know he
was like wrongly convicted of rape like
20 years prior you have to be careful
though because documentaries they can
twist facts oh of course
they can twist facts they cannot they
cannot stay selectively show what they
only what they want to show oh right
right I'm Gordon Freeman I am Joe by the
way check out how not to make a movie
the documentary about the making of
gorillas interrupted that's a great
movie that's a great documentary that's
not to make a movie that's hilarious
can I pick this up I can't pick up this
paper I'll get back to uh oh okay I'll
talk about the run fur
oh I'll be reading tips on that sure
it's a girth around there I got I got
roped into going Karen was gonna go to
the red firm okay she was gonna go with
the Renaissance Fair Renaissance Fair in
Bristol and she's gonna go with some of
her girlfriends okay people she went to
high school with and the last-minute
like the day before one of them couldn't
go she had a job thing okay and the
other friend who I'm just gonna call
Barbara was bringing her her boyfriend
mm-hmm and so I just in order to have it
not be like an awkward third wheel thing
yeah I had to go it was your it was your
manly obligation yes yes to
company your lady to the Renaissance
Fair and III learned a lot about our LMS
demographic okay how many times do you
think I got recognized a bunch in front
of like a bunch of nerds who like to
dress up as Renaissance people I would
guess at least 10 times wasn't 10 but it
was four okay that's pretty I got
recognized four times I'm on the way in
mm-hmm this guy has a girlfriend
oh you're rich have a nice man I only
took a picture with him and I get in and
walking around like 10 minutes later ah
hey you're rich Evans Oh actually he was
he was really clever about it anything
cuz a prick I really appreciated this he
looks at me and I can instantly tell cuz
I've been through this it's not my first
rodeo all right
I instantly saw his look of recognition
but he points at me Jesus you're wearing
that back to the Future t-shirt and I'm
like okay maybe you didn't recognize
maybe he just likes me back to the
future and then he he faked me out cuz
he did recognize it was me nice while he
was running to get his camera to take a
picture with me somebody else walked up
and said I just heard your voice you're
rich Evans I just I just heard that
voice it's pretty recognizable to me at
least and then one other guy who was
like like in line for some kind of that
I think the what are they saw a
sarsaparilla or the sir something what's
a drink they got got some kind of black
licorice soda cuz basically what it is
okay and this guy just it turns he looks
at me looks go straight at the eyes
adjust your it was more like confusion
like if I if I didn't know if I didn't
know in my head that he was recognizing
me I would have thought he had mental
problems and then he doesn't say a word
he's just staring at me and then slowly
he sees like for the handshake and ever
breaking eye contact ladies yes I'm rich
Evans and I sugars
I believe it I believe that the Ren
Faire has a very specific set of nerds
if you go to the Ren Faire
I I recommend not going with a group or
this just could be the people I've gone
with in the past
mm-hmm traditionally I have a terrible
time at the Ren Faire yeah but I've
always gone gone I've always gotten
taken there with like a larger group of
people okay and they're usually just
smocks who don't want to do anything fun
did you did you do axe throwing no oh
man now like the time I went before this
like a few years ago I went to the I
went to the Ren Faire with Karen her
friend Barbara and some of Barbara's
friends okay
Barbara's friends were some of the most
stuck-up self-important assholes I've
ever fucking known oh and and Barbara
who has no self-esteem is just like
lapping up their droppings hoping
they'll notice her oh and of course
they're just composed completely
ignoring me and Karen hmm anything we
wanted to do was just like kind of just
like ignored like there's all this
fucking great fun shit that goes on
there to get jugglers you got people
walking around on stilts doing some kind
of amazing act and this one uh this
nutty store is selling leather of course
it's let's look at those for 20 minutes
oh oh look the good stuff dragons they
were wandering around the store of these
fucking assholes the stores yeah
just with these fucking assholes were
friends with Barbara eventually I pulled
Karen to the side like Karen let's ditch
these fucking losers and then we went
and watched the purple person who like
the fire whip is the first time I ever
actually enjoyed the run fair was when I
said fuck you to the group of idiots I
was with and I just I just hung out with
Karen and we didn't oh that looks fun
let's go do that no they have some fun
shit that they have like a bird show
like a falconers show you can go
now you can do ax throwing bars like
Mooney Mooney the juggler who just
whistles he doesn't talk just whistles
at people and he gets volunteers to help
him and he tries to communicate what he
needs them to do through gestures
gestures and whistling mm-hmm like he's
gonna do like the the fire thing on the
tightrope
he's like pointing at the bucket like
you got to pour the bucket on me when
I'm on fire and he's trying to pantomime
all of this it's kind of great I don't
thing he's long for it though guys like
he's been doing it for 30 years
Oh 27 years I think he said of us a
twenty seventh year this time Wow
all right uh now to the tips now to the
dips I got that business out of the way
the business the business of tips
stories needed to be told they needed to
be told that's what we're here for
tell stories this this time it's lupus
lupus hey guys glad the tiny riots
haven't disrupted your life I'm grilling
some skirt steaks for a late dinner
what's your favorite meal cheese fries
and they will be the death of me she's
she's fries he'd said she's fries I mean
any combination of like melting kind of
fried cheese hmm you know you can't go
wrong pizza
good pizza you know I'm a sandwich guy I
enjoy sandwiches of all kinds recently
I've been making for you know summertime
so there's a lot of get to go as you
always have to bring a dish I've been
making this super amazing potato salad
like thick chopped potatoes
a Mayo yogurt dressing with just fresh
herbs and capers it's just super simple
and incredibly satisfying chap a meal is
whatever you shove and you're going
until you're not hungry anymore that's a
meal you need a a grocery bag full of
candy bars that's a meal not a good one
nobody's favorite me nobody's favorite
meal but it's a meal absolutely
Maximilian Tarzan says play with wasd
and on hard and I will subscribe for at
least two months even I'm from Europe
and can't watch your streams ever
because I have real adult nine-to-five
job not playing video games on the
internet
I'm playing a normal because again I'm
just trying to learn yeah how to use a
mouse and keyboard and you know not
using WASD I'm using a number pad you
should consider something like portal
yeah yeah we are we are not under the
gun well then you know what that's why I
kind of want to
choose this is because like okay I want
I want some pressure sink or swim
yeah okay and like here's a game that
I've played before I've beaten before
shit I gotta beat up these guys now hey
these guys might fucking crowbar get out
of here
woah woah oh oh and I'm gonna get a gun
no now I got a fucking gun and I like
I'm feeling a little motion sick but not
a lot motion sick maybe a lot of motion
sick so I don't know how good that is
mmm oh actually just turning right oh
fuck oh ghost host 9 9 9 says a small
thank you for all the great
entertainment thank you
are you home I need some water pause so
you know if you want to subscribe I
guess you know about the person who said
use WASD and I'll subscribe like I got I
got a number pad I got a mouse I'm
playing on normal if you want to
subscribe subscribe if you don't you
don't you know then tallian hubber says
jack over watch was both by a very first
mouse keyboard game and my first FPS
game if i can get the hang of playing
tracer on keyboard then you can get used
to a 2 exclamation point exclamation
point smiley face maybe him yeah maybe
I'm gonna turn down the field of view I
think that might have been the problem
Oh turn down for what turn down for what
yeah Jack can't be bought like I can be
bought but I'm not gonna give in to
demands and you know you gotta buy me
first
oh hold on I'm gonna get some more water
have we ever considered playing Red Dead
Redemption on stream
yeah I've certainly considerate I would
love with him to release that fucker on
PC just
for Xbox one where the fucking you going
water okay Jack's going to get water
just this guy you know says originally I
was completely uninterested but I've
heard a sausage party is actually really
good
also it has a 982 on Rotten Tomatoes you
guys see it thinking about it yeah you
know what I didn't even hear about it
until the other day oh yeah yeah and in
general I find myself not to be a fan of
Seth Rogen one of his he's in it he's a
voice in it okay shut somebody already
variously very generously gifted me Dead
Rising 1 on PC nice I can finally get
rid of the fucking Xbox oh yeah by the
way when that came out on PC just
everyone's Twitter or our our previously
recorded Twitter went fucking apeshit
rich there's no yes rich yes I don't
know that I need to do another
playthrough though I mean nothing's got
a top I know death run my perfect no
death run right
it's unpossible
wait what's happening says have you
discussed this yet not sure myself but
what are your thoughts on no man's sky
I hear the PC version is far superior
any thoughts you'll probably hear what
we have to say about no man's sky at
some point in the future as it is I've
only just started playing it I haven't
had much time the last couple of days
and it only came out on PC like the 12th
right and yeah we are doing a full
Episode on no man's sky and neither of
us have gotten terribly far into it and
we we have not we have not solidified
what we think about it yet to really get
a good talking about it so you have to
wait I am sorry but you have to wait
MC Lucas says after waking up to news of
the riot today I was worried about you
guys really glad to hear you're alright
here's $2 for not dying congratulations
I'm really glad a lot of people worried
about us I'm touched I'm touched but we
were in no danger we were new danger
anonymous says hey guys I am super
fuckin down to be executive producer of
wealthy tower rolling-pin wipeouts I
think it's a really promising concept
just tell me which characters you and
Mike want to play fuckin wealthy tower
rolling pin wiped out and is that the
name of the movie I don't remember what
final was but that was the gist I like
that I like that as a title if I don't
need to shoot every one of these guys no
no whoa killers cbh says do you guys
know that Michael ayan black played
Donatello in the Broadway production of
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles coming out
of their shells he dropped out of
college to become a turtle I didn't I
love that I know that now thank you
anonymous is great to see the good
champs tonight Oh a question for all of
us to contemplate isn't it fucking crazy
that we live in a world where rich Evans
can be a celebrity no shit right
it's the weirdest fucking thing well
Karen posted a picture of her and me on
Facebook yeah we actually went went
hiking biking we went biking Wow
yeah I know I'm gonna regret that one we
went biking on our bikes down by the the
lake uh-huh and we just you know we just
took a picture of ourselves
and like one of her Facebook friends
thought she was just posting a picture
then she met the celebrity rich Evans
didn't realize that you were that word
yeah that's great
yep definitely gonna live to regret the
day King yep yep little motion second
Mike needs to be performed immediately
about the diking yeah Bouck Alex and the
ISIS this may be pathetic but all of the
celebrity of all the celebrities I enjoy
are LM are the only people for whom I've
practiced what I would practice what I
would say if I ever met them you guys
are just that cool keep up the great
work
Thank You Lucas Ducas says good sir rich
did you hit a turkey leg at the fair did
not oh he didn't
he's powering me up yep oh no I might
barf might barf putting that out there
this might not have been a good idea
Ridge playing this with the mouse
keyboard well you know you're in it now
Jack you're in it now you got it you
have to push through here's the oh yeah
yeah no matter one you do it yeah it's
gonna be difficult
yeah you may as well do it do it during
a stream when you're not gonna be too
too distracted or tempted to do
something else oh no and you know if I
barf like people that it that's fun
that's fine yeah you should you say I
feel like I'm feeling like faint if that
if that means anything okay keep with a
jack keep with it
lower fov and mouse sensitivity you
fucks I did lower the fov I lowered the
FOV album we're out of the sensitivity
might find something you're happier with
play around with that sensitivity uh-huh
I put the let me just make sure that ya
field of view is now lowest at 75
hmm mouse sensitivity we sure will try
lower in that a little bit I have it's a
1.9 am i enjoying no man's sky I'm
worried there's not gonna be enough
variety in the things you can do yeah
and I know both of us are very early on
both of us are only like four or five
hours in yeah and so it's hard to tell
now how much variety we're gonna get
blood if what I've experienced so far is
any indication I'm not I'm not excited
okay gruff McMillan Theresa's rich like
the roller coaster stream with Karen I
would have liked to watch more but my
girlfriend instantly got nostalgic for
zoo tycoon dugout our 15 year old copy
and reinstalled end of that night that
I'm so sorry you did roller coaster
takin him for a little bit we couldn't
quite get it to work with him it didn't
want a string it didn't want a stream
interesting it's some freezing issues we
had the weird issue where wasn't he was
like just wanted to be in like the
top-left corner
eventually we just said the hell with it
I put on pac-man 256 ah nice
donar archon says jack and rich what was
the worst documentary you had seen also
are there any documentaries that have
the same quality as the bad movies you
have seen I've never seen an enjoyably
bad documentary I've probably seen some
that were just too dry but I don't
remember what they were what they were
about yeah I don't know if I can just
like remember like it's just an awful
documentary so missus nice job you know
what that is that's the control and aim
of a mouse right there look shit I'm
probably supposed to leave here
eventually right hmm I might die oh do
you think no man's sky is maybe one of
the hardest games to put a number score
on because if it's technological
achievement technical technical logical
achievement don't mean dick if you don't
have a fun end product you know that is
you know that is some truth that's rich
but rich Evans dropping some truth bombs
y'all got a deal with that y'all got a
deal with that fuck you know you know it
was a technological achievement what
Beta Beta tips yeah how that turned out
how that turned out for Betamax
significantly better than VHS mm-hmm
mm-hmm
did really well for them in the long run
tired sad says do you think DC films can
at all be salvaged or is it too late in
the run to course-correct I think it's
too late in the run to course-correct it
they can only course correct if they put
some different people in charge of their
damn movies and you know they're not
going to do that how do you fix Superman
can you is Superman beyond being fixed
if here's the thing people people will
forgive we're gonna pause it for this
mmm
people will forgive if you can put out a
good movie okay don't give Superman a
reboot like a whole like new actor new
everything
same Superman fuck fuck cow man same
universe no one will care
give him a new director and a new
scriptwriter okay same Superman same
everyone people will love him okay
you don't need a universe or booth like
spider-man we're getting a universe
reboot just because just because of
studio logistics but like even if we got
a new spider-man in the Oh in in the
Andrew Garfield universe it would still
be fine because it'd be a good movie
well spider-man one I don't blame them
they don't want that they don't want
that crap in the Marvel with MCU they
don't want that stink yeah but you know
what it is a perfect example of this
Star Trek band I really hated into
darkness everyone did everyone hated in
today well I don't know if that's
entirely true but I hated into darkness
when to see beyond I no longer care
about into darkness because beyond is so
much fun I can just I can just be happy
watching Star Trek the Star Trek and
Star Trek beyond and forgetting about
that into darkness stuff
I watched into darkness because of Star
Trek beyond yeah afterwards I liked that
I did Cumberbatch he's a good he could
have been a great villain he's a fine
they didn't like mismanage every other
aspect of that film damn he could have
been a great villain oh yeah
fuck Peter what's this mrs. face though
Robocop damn it Peter Admiral makeva in
the movie yeah
just far far too cartoony I'm an admiral
and I say Starfleet should be evil I'm
gonna start wars because evil because
the evil rich I am thought at 200 year
old man to help design modern technology
because I'm so dumb there's a lady it's
the most advanced ship ever built and
Spock was able to take it out with a
ruse but any case but I mean it just
I'm just really hammered home rewatching
that what ash what have a horrible waste
of con and better to Cumberbatch that
was yep but you know like to me the
point the point is with Superman you can
still have Superman in his universe and
his next movie you can turn it all
around as long as Zack Snyder's not
behind the camera and you get a decent
scriptwriter yeah that Harvey Cavell or
whatever his name is Henry Cavill looks
the part he might be a fine actor I have
no idea the other thing to that really
really want rewatching into darkness
really hit home yeah it's just how
terribly Kirk was written what a what a
moron yeah there was a moron running
that starship an experienced kid who
should not have been in charge because
the one the one the wasn't good the well
not the one good thing one of the great
things about beyond Kirk actually feels
like Kirk yeah he he's reasonable he's
he's smart he's clever he's he's not oh
going them babes allmovie long oh so
many babes talking about babes he's not
he's not being reckless for the sake
for the souls sake of being reckless hmm
he's actually written like Kirk I don't
really know what I have to do tell of
them babes though
oh you know at 6:03 idiot says hey Jack
hey Rick many people are saying that
blockbusters are on the way out if that
is true what kind of movies would you
like to see being made in the future lol
fuck my god blockbusters are not on
their way out everything else is on
their way out no we're still gonna get a
couple good blockbusters every year
Marvel's still printing money
Jurassic world printed money yep
Star Wars printing money blockbusters
are not even close to being dead
no the what's what's gonna be dead is
literally everything else name a comedy
that made money in the theaters this
year you can't is is the moral of sorry
you had you had big-name comedies you
had Andy Sandberg in that superstar
movie you had Keano starring key and
Peele you had a zillion comedies come
out this year deadline you know why
people can watch those in their couch
and they don't care about going to the
theaters anymore yeah there's plenty of
good food good comedies on Netflix yes
yep yep Oh Jack horsemen hi breakable
Kimmy Schmidt no so so your blockbuster
your event movie isn't going anywhere
the what you what we are going to lose
is the stuff that's easily replaceable
by whoa whoa shit
bye Netflix originals
I need some health justice guy you know
it says use these 10 Canadian dollars to
convince Colin to do a call in bit for
the no man's sky episode assuming he has
an opinion on it we'll get right on that
whoopsie I'm guarantee nothing oopsie
killed myself have comedies ever made
theater money those Buster's Something
About Mary kingpin all the Farley
Brothers films these are great examples
Merc of pie oh that's a that's a good
one yeah
oh no comedies you used to make a large
amount of money and the comedies are
generally pretty cheap to produce and so
even if they weren't making huge Bank
they were making their money back they
were profitable yet naked naked gun
airplane just not lately just not lately
because now that has been that is
Netflix's territory though one of the
stream it's a stream of good comedies
that made money in the theater anchorman
is another fine bridesmaids made a ton
of money in the theaters that's a modern
one
guardians of the galaxy isn't a call
that a straight up comedy comedic
elements know that was an event movie
humor in it yeah Austin Powers thank you
like comedies used to make money and
people aren't going out to see them
anymore
guardians of the galaxy I would category
is a light-hearted adventure yes well
and you know what
guardians because it's a Marvel movie is
oh yeah there's stuff in here isn't
there is is an event movie
I forgot their boxes back here budget
Messiah says hey guys any word on the
potentiality of a star control to the
earth Quan master stream it would
probably take more than a couple of
streams to finish it but I think it
would be time well spent I still need to
look into us yeah so a lot of things I
just haven't gotten around to there's
many times as star control - as bud
mentioned I still haven't really went
into it yeah because when I go home my
brain reboots and I forget everything
that happened here wow this is why it
took me like years to watch dread yeah I
should watch dread I know I know I'll
watch when I get home what I got a hold
on watching two years of that before I
actually watched it you know I was
aiming for the barrel there we go look
I've never I know I know I understand
star control two is free I haven't
balked at paying for it I just I'm not
thinking about it when I get home right
and then and then you know there's other
stuff to do yeah sad man Jax's you met
me and my wife at the fair the fair
entrance yes I remember you I hope the
visit was positive for you and that my
brother who who faked you out with the
shirt okay so does your brother
okay didn't cost too much of a scene he
lost his mind from how he tells it yeah
I was amusing I like I said I've been
down that road people get really excited
to meet me like I've talked about this
before I was uh when I was helping Karen
move up here we took some of her old
books to the Half Price Books we're
gonna sell some of her books off and
this guy it was in like the the car in
front of us when we parked was staring
at me the whole time I was parking mmm
you know is this guy one krumholz it's
got like a weirdo
this is creepy he's just staring at us
then we get out of the car and he gets
out of his car nothing oh no oh no and
then he comes over and I was like oh
you're rich Evans oh god I've never met
a celebrity before was that whole kind
of routine oh and then in its excitement
to meet me he had he had locked his keys
in his car
yeah felt terrible then nothing I can do
about it at that point
oh yeah like I saw these books hi tiny
break I'm not playing I'm learning I'm
learning
flying Finn I'm learning how to use a
mouse and keyboard and I feel like I'm
doing pretty well I am experiencing some
pretty harsh motion sickness so I'm just
taking a little break where I'm closing
my eyes and kind of reset in the brain
close your eyes um we'll just talk about
some more tips I'd be great do those and
then we'll get back to it
Tim salmon says Jack get yourself a pair
of C bands they worked wonders for me oh
that's not a bad idea I've heard good
things about those what RC bounds there
are they're motion sickness bracelets
basically and they hit like a weird
pressure point
this sounds like quackery it's it's not
quackery it works Lisa used it when she
was ahead was that had morning sickness
okay okay
there's sounds like a big Phelps SIBO
there could be what it sounds like hey
if it's a placebo then it's still
whatever as long as it works
ready for physics puzzle every half-life
game has one physics puzzle dad say t5
says hey greetings from Austria have you
ever played this war of mine it's a
great game plus some of its DLC are
basically donations to War Child charity
also why are you streaming so late it's
4 a.m. here you Fu we are streaming
pretty late we this is when we could get
together I like I said I was i I was I
was told to go to the Renaissance Fair
today not that I didn't enjoy myself I
enjoyed watching the acts I wasn't
because I didn't go with a group of
complete fucking assholes this time it
was a large part of the reason why and I
just the time I got home from that it
was already seven than I had oh oh yeah
you know get ready pack up the Peter
come over here set up for the stream it
happens sometimes
yeah dink was trying to get Karen to
leave the Renaissance Fair and I love
Karen but a lot of times getting her to
do something that's like herding cats
somebody had a service dog and that that
was a ten-minute commerce I said you
know what is he doing a three-legged
service dog oh yeah yeah that's you know
what that is that's a bunch of cuteness
I was think you know like how the hell
what the hell does a three-legged dog do
for you that's the service dog
apparently just she had some kind of
anxiety issues the dog was just a
calming influence oh this sounds like a
lot of bullshit to me but whatever I
give a fuck
it totally is you know you can bring
literally any dog on an airplane yeah if
you claim it's a service dog really they
need they need they need no official
paperwork or anything you can you can
just say oh this dog is a service dog
that sounds great because it helps me
with my anxiety for flying Chad said
that's an out-of-service talk oh yeah I
like that comment I like that coming
okay there I'm getting there
hab 78 said it's said Patrick Stewart's
last performance as Professor X will be
in the upcoming Wolverine film
personally I hope he returns as
ambassador Picard in the new series
butts hopes well the new series
supposedly is taking place 10 years
before the original series oh okay I
know why they're trying to dodge
continuity issues like what universe is
this in the JJ universe or is this in
the prime unit xx cloning you ten years
before I could be either then I know
they don't have to answer any questions
like where's Vulkan what happened to
Vulcan sure sure that's Martin yep
they're playing neutral yeah essentially
it's time it's lupus says hey guys the
question about worst documentaries got
me thinking the worst documentary I've
ever seen is apocalypse ww1 the driest
passionless narration I have ever seen
in any documentary ever
well we'll all avoid that documentary
what was one J was talking about with
about about like the documentary maker
who who like kept like filming himself
just nodding do you remember that yes I
don't remember which it was though he
was like it was kind of interesting but
then it just kept cutting to the
director and he just kept nodding you
don't need to show this you don't need
to show the battery
Phila hecka says here's $2 hoping Jack
pukes come on Jack blow chunks I'd enjoy
it
PS bitch did anyone at the Ren Faire
dresses Star Trek characters claiming
they're studying the culture of the Ren
Faire people that would have been funny
there was somebody it looked like I
didn't get a good look at them it look
like they're in a kind of a medieval
style Darth Vader outfit
mmm like some Darth Vader II like chess
piece and the black cave with some blood
chainmail mixed in little nerd crossover
sure I didn't get a good look at them I
couldn't I didn't know they're wearing
masks or not they had some kind of hood
okay yeah blowing chunks is I think
before blowing chunks is just meaning
needing to lay down on the floor I might
need to lie down on the floor for like
five minutes just to reset my brain I
think for the I think upcoming I need
the I was talking about Karen on the way
to the Ren Faire yeah and my car's my
car's a nice cherry red mm-hmm
she she wanted me to get a decal for my
car yeah vinyl decal a Starfleet logo
like the combadge oh yeah not dead
center either I wanted like like the car
has a combat and that would be the
coolest thing that would be me but if I
do that she's gonna have to her next
car's gonna have to be blue so she can
get one too home yeah yeah that's great
what was I doing you don't know I don't
know you're you're doing a game
flashlight I need to I need to change
what button turns my flat okay there we
go okay and I do I just need to lay down
you take your time we take it to you
later on you want you lay down it is
really affecting you and then do you
want to try a different game
set fov set to 90 for the sake of your
brain what is it set to know he tried
setting it to 90 initially okay and then
you said it to 90 and you're making a
motion sickness and somebody else said a
set of 75 I'm saying I'm repeating all
this because you're a mile away from the
mic so now you think it's better okay
okay
Lord Belmont says if you want to see
hilariously bad documentary watch hidden
colors think ancient aliens for Afro
centrists historical revisionism it's
horrible and hilarious there are four of
them full length I just thought of a bad
documentary aliens on the moon did we
show you part of this like aliens on the
moon and they just like they took like
rock formations on the moon and they
just colored them colors and they
insisted that these were artificial
shapes it was the the the dumbest
fucking thing I had ever seen and and it
was it was it was delivered like it was
like actual science
boom alien structures on the moon this
weird shadow could be a radar dish
designed to look like Rock dumbest
fucking thing I have ever seen
zach is getting more water aimless
Corsair says this may be an unpopular
opinion but I think Superman is kind of
boring in general that said I actually
kind of like Smallville mostly because
it focuses on Clark Kent instead as a
fair opinion for you to have I don't
really see in Smallville
so I can't come in it seemed like it
seemed like they were trying to steal
Spider Man this bit with the teenage
hero it was it was Smallville was his
typical low-budget superhero sci-fi
stuff or you know they had villain of
the week the Smallville's deal you know
his young Superman a young Clark Kent
high school age Clark Kent but what what
if Superman were as interesting as
spider-man no god but knows the premise
it wasn't even that so he was still
trying to figure out his powers so he
was weaker and the give of the show was
that there was just kryptonite fucking
everywhere in Smallville yeah and the
Kryptonite is what like turned people
into monsters and they're so that's why
you'd have like this guy who's a monster
but he's a kryptonite monster so he'll
hurt Clark cans it was it was it was
fine for a couple seasons and then I got
really dumb it's kryptonite the worst
thing to happen to Superman yes it gave
rise so much lazy writing
he's got kryptonite yeah kryptonite like
what can you do it though I said you
know what kryptonite is not the worst
thing to happen to Superman what
happened before kryptonite Superman
became too
powerful him becoming God yeah okay if
when he was just like strong and was
able to leap tall buildings that was
great well is that only a problem if
you're you're focusing on like action
sites and not some kind of grander ideas
of how you use these powers responsibly
mmm-hmm you can do some interesting
things with godlike powers sure it's
probably not as easy as you got to punch
the thing well you know like I said for
me my Superman has always been the
animated series and so like you know and
in the animated series his whole shtick
was just about like his only weakness
was not saving everyone yeah
that's he just cared too much about
everyone around him and so to me that
was interesting that's what made him a
hero but
