Blundertale (More Undertale Part 5)
January 17, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T5Nm4XWga30

get out here get out of here I'm talking
to you all this it's breaking my heart
I'm gonna go home and I'm going to cry
into a pile of my money all I'm making
my small personal jokes in my garage my
people keep working on that left over
beefcake here's a fiver for the throat
lozenge fund Bravo on the voice work
guys Bravo
thank you beefcake welcome to mgt resort
that admins abuse apartment to be
building to hotel whether you're here
for an either still here and TD Resort
prides itself on there and a great stay
just passing through nice and empty tea
resort prides itself on and being best
rule
it's bad it's a potted plant elevator go
straight to the capital but it's not
working
oh they'll do a faster accounting
everybody's back here oh yeah I'm not
gonna be home tonight
I think there's some cold pizza my
treasure hoard you get heat up yeah same
thing as a son I'm outraged my Louie
Armstrong is fine yeah all right that
was fine oh hello dolly
whoa whoa hey check it out yeah you
should buy all my stuff
junk food empty gun hey we want to come
here what oh we only have 180 9g don't
we have you gave a lot of it to that's
why I didn't give that much we're like
that's right a little slimy it's me
mommy not doodoo and I think to myself
no we have not discussed the petition to
get George Lucas to direct episode 9 but
because it won't happen there are very
few certainties in the world but that's
one home never gonna happen
well that's wonderful
you got hush puppies okay
okay great
yes we know the elevator to city is not
working because of these incidents rooms
are running at special rate 200 gr Rome
interested to map to other stores you
change mind that spectacular thing I
like that that's like the sound of a
hand buy something from this guy then I
can just talk to we already bought it
talk to him oh there's
why do you keep trying to talk to me
okay
trouble doing I could shoot me with the
clothes to post sorry so I wanted to be
an actor so let me give you some advice
little buddy there you've got skill here
you've still got time don't live like me
I'm 19 years old and I've already wasted
my daily little thank you for me a
little funny listen I like you little
buddy so I'm gonna save you a lot of
trouble never interact with attractive
people unless you're one of them they're
just gonna take advantage of you no I
got time those two chicks asked me to
sneak them into some glam buggers naive
teenager that I was and yes to them
bad idea what you think I'm anything you
wander I'm ready so I went out to the
alley and see those two ladies you know
see what happened next
then my boss that saw me what I was
doing so startled the hamburgers my
pockets double down to the ground not
wanting to lose face scramble to pick
them up but yes I was leaning over the
light of the remaining hamburgers
everyone calls me burger pants now what
a first came to Holland it was my dream
to work with medicine well but careful
what you wish for little buddy
God have you even looked around this
place is a labyrinth of bad choices
every time we try to change something
for the better
that's how humans are allowed eating
humans are always hitting hamburgers
made of sequins and glue
it's literally just a freaking rectangle
future what future nothing down here
ever changes probably be trapped in this
stupid job forever boy there's one thing
that keeps me if a score gets just one
more soul will finally get to go to the
surface
it'll be brand new world there's got to
be a second chance out there for me so
stay strong little buddy when I make it
big I'll keep you in mind yeah oh yeah
it was it was a good job good job
I'm here I'm here I'm there where's the
thing where's the thing but where's the
thing we got two dolls from anonymous
dear rich give me the other thing give
me your thing the other thing the blue
thing me the blue thing it's any of
right give me give me give me give me oh
we got all we got
dear rich says anonymous your beard
looks very handsome
oh it's Ruffy right now thank you have
you played way of the samurai or it's
sequels like Dead Rising this story also
advances with or without you it's just
much more boring also hi okay maybe I'll
maybe I'll look into it I haven't even
haven't really even heard of it honestly
okay John the bond no we have not played
this before you're doing everything
fresh off the cuff oh who are they
nobody else is supposed to be here oh
well we can't worry about that now I
understand something spectacular happens
on the second playthrough that's I was i
tweeted that we were playing this today
and someone says I hope you're not
planning on only playing it once because
it really gets good on the second
playthrough we're probably not gonna do
seconds we've already streamed through
the whole game
exactly so apparently something
phenomenal happens don't spoil it okay
someone hasn't played a person okay
really
this is it take the elevator up to the
top of the court
hey the white why don't you try to use
the the elevator first Oh Oh watch out
Oh magic pops out of its hat
so much for exploration
this magical mercenary only says one man
think'll thank go Hoyt whoa whoa he's
shooting tiny T's at you magic whispers
arcane swear words
think the pollen sunshine your defense
increases by one think the pink delight
those tiny tees are gonna get you min
and plants his orbs
holy tiny airplane he plants his orbs in
a missing minute
that was close
why are there so many lobsters here I
leave the son there's no problem right
probably legally we just got we just got
to keep heading forward like thing the
elevators what oh the elevator should be
working what will then goes right and
keep heading up well uh where'd this pit
come from I don't call the big pit here
you should be able to walk across the
surface of a floor which is not
currently on the floor I can floor
beyond the floor then when we make it
there's there's just no there's anti
floor is the problem we have anti floor
and that's just not good jaqen which
what stand up comics do you like I've
been watching a lot lately and meets
more George fucking Carlin when he still
did stand up way way back when Eddie
Murphy Murphy was great now Richard
Pryor
Dana Carvey has some really good looks
like you can't proceed until you hit the
switch you up but those these lasers
will activate what you do looks like
they'll come in this order orange orange
blue got a move until the third one
that did I get that right nope nope oh
my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh
my god are you hurt
I was so so sorry I like I gave you the
wrong order everything's everything's
going to be fine okay everything's gonna
be fine the blood was just uh keep
adding to the bright keep adding to the
right I feel like I see that you guys
are joking about Bill Cosby even before
everyone knew he was a horrible racist
rapist yeah he was never a favorite
comedian oh really I like this one when
it comes to media stand-up comedians
nobody could touch their internal a
crossroad as well true try hitting to
the dots of the right today I do three
well wait wait wait though I think you
should maybe head up and step come on
funny dialogue and a funny dialogue
dancer
night-night blocks the word neck nuts
the clocks the way night-night
this Megaton mercenary wields the Good
Morning Star a deal a deal dude
holy fuck jesus fucking christ
night y night watches quietly sing
tonight night night night starts to look
silly be good night
jesus fucking christ
night night smashes her morning star
night night
sing again yes goodbye
whoa fuck oh no shit shit why do you
always appease rich you obviously don't
agree that guy I'd never said that was I
was we bicker about things constantly
the curve on things has it George Carlin
is a fine stand-up comedian very good
stand-up comedian great stand-up
comedian who's the best that's really
sinister I'm not taking that away from
rich we're not having it out because we
are two adults and then maybe have
disagreements stamp means good we find
though everybody loved it now the
stand-up comedian it's like a like Ricky
Ricardo I don't know where the same I I
understand Patton Oswalt who was in
space cop there's a very good stand-up
comedian I haven't seen much of since
like some clips online they're good but
I've seen I just haven't seen much he's
good he's a good storyteller I don't
like David Cross at all why do you think
all of his stories are very much I've
never seen do stand-up
David Rock yeah yeah he's a money he has
very similar style the patent were they
more just tell stories
and it's less of it's less stand-up in
more storytelling patents the same way
I saw a couple people say Mike Birbiglia
Mike Birbiglia is a genius storyteller
again it's like that weird thing about
stand-up where they're more tell stories
and like they're amusing stories but
they're not necessarily like jokes you
know but
anyway
Patton Oswald star of ratatouille that's
right oh god of course Steve Martin is
one of the all-time man that's the real
point for me person funny man like his
movies Steve Martin is the best thing
stand up though yeah no yes
no that manages Jesus he's very funny
he's very funny
great movies great comedic actor great
comedic actor writer subkeys ab anjali
he's an actor he's a director he's a
negative brilliant not the best ever
stand of a comedian no no no no no
that's my that's my opinion different
fight fight fight you know it's fine
smells like magic
I've heard really good things about him
was that the King Notaro tipping Aurora
who whatever like you know everyone
loves um louis louis c.k
and lucy pray say Louie CK is brilliant
a brilliant brilliant stand-up comedian
and he endorsed that taking it what the
fuck is her name I have it somewhere I
have her stand-up special it's supposed
to be fantastic it's like the stand-up
special that she performed like after
she was diagnosed with cancer and like
it
it moved Lewis DK so much that he like
bought the rights to it and sold it
through suppose I take it in the tower
okay that was I haven't seen it but I've
heard great things can we agree that
Dane Cook is the worst thing no I know
we can bring it up minions we can't talk
about stand-up comedians without me
talking about how much Dane Cook sucks a
great amount of enthusiasm he has a
great on of suck he isn't he has a great
amount of no-talent Chris Rock had some
good Jim Jim Gaffigan had some very good
stand-up specials that whole pot is hot
pockets oh it's crazy Gaffigan
you know what tiny favor anyone can have
enthusiasm he did have it though I'm not
saying I'm not I'm not even saying he
was great I think he was all right and
his enthusiasm just carry over care meal
that's right
Dane Cook is suffering from hike back
lash it's not that bad but everyone gave
him shit because he was overrated by the
I don't care I don't care do people hate
and Hathaway is that a thing I don't
know I've never heard that she's
America's Sweetheart as far as I'm
concerned nice
to attack
shit rich you monster they're attacking
night-night
nygma
understand with any of those initials me
I'm sorry
Mike and j8na plan
they can hate whoever they want to do
okay great great do you die yeah
Sarah Silverman that's a good one Debbie
restore Sarah sometimes very funny
very very funny
I don't rich you you fool I tried I
don't know what is and isn't a healing
item because everything just says a
wacky name and they do their own things
and after I use the thing that wasn't a
heal item it went right into the battle
don't you have like eight hot dogs okay
I like to we've been using them here
there it only holds so many did you go
back up north go right next time
okay let's Chatty more focusing right
I've never seen and I know Amy Schumer
has her own show and I've heard really
good things about that movie she was in
with Bill Hader you'll remember it I'm
sure I've never seen any of her stuff
I've heard good things this music is
great by the way Fred von Paula fuck a
ghost no I talked to magic oh wait you
can you can run away or you can spare
him
go back you can spare him is he yellow
yeah he was yellow Oh was he which is
not paying attention Paula Poundstone
like a tiger Paula Poundstone had this
one bit about Pop Tarts that possibly
changed my life forever it's like the
first stand up a bit I can remember is
Paula Poundstone spit on pop tarts and
eating pop-tarts and I remember seeing
that as a young boy and saying that
speaks to me because I love pop-tarts
I'm not joking I'm getting fatigued
getting fatigued here and take this and
read the chat yeah let's do this
what is Z is Z or X go forward I mean
for I mean the one that's like enter
yeah
X is back you can also just use enter
for forward
almost the last movie I saw in the
theaters Star Wars The Force awakens
I just dropped the whole bunch of stuff
on hamburgers do you were Jack like
Bilborough
I don't know who he is Jack - you like
Bill burr yeah speaking of stand-up what
about Jay Leno he killed it on tonight's
show all right my opinion of Jay Leno is
that he killed The Tonight Show
I hate Jay Leno rich Bob's Burgers
disgust it's a perfectly fine animated
sitcom it's good it's not the best one
ever
he's very good entertaining you gotta
know so much you have Bob's Burgers fine
it's a show I watched with Karen when
she was up and it's not the most
ambitious show at all it's it's it's
light fair but the librarians is very
entertaining as stupid as it kind of is
the library is that the one with like
Noah Wyle yeah no no Becca Rebecca
what's her face Romania
yes it's a fun show
most of both the season Enders left me
with a nice warm happy feeling in my in
my stomach and it was a good thing it
wasn't serious drama not everything
needs to be serious ultra drama it's
like it's like Friday the 13th the
series only less dark fine find the
magic artifacts and put them in safe
storage same thing same exact premise
only with more interesting characters
and less murder but it's the sub murder
in his stomach not his heart I have no
heart
so you move through and you stand still
yes
anyone watching Columbo adjusted it to
one more thing you know I get a little
confused sometimes I'm just trying to
put the pieces to get in here you should
do a stream s Columbo the whole stream
upholstery loose Columbo how much Jack
how much to do the rest of the stream as
Columbo I will not make the same mistake
there Richard I will not lie to you
what about up what about a two hundred
dollar donation we just gotta kick the
price up what do you do it for a two
hundred dollar donation but you do the
rest of the stream well let the rest
that's the cat that's not worth the
money first I would feel bad yeah and
people don't want to hold on to two
hours what how much money two hundred
okay that's one solid donation that's
not spread out right I just wanna I
wanna rich is making rules here I know
I'm I'm it's up to you your your your
thing
how much cheese new Colombo the whole
Sherman sees no this is this is rich so
Jack will do Colombo for the whole
stream for $300
so Lagaan says he paid $4 which actually
ever there was telling on that night
the rich boy stream there's people
before you who dude there's two
different like $40 donations yeah no
enriched back thou no I did i I wanted
to but I didn't I didn't I I asked
permission if I could change voices cuz
because and my reasoning was Jimmy
Stewart wasn't entertaining enough for
the whole string sure I still did funny
voices I just did funny funny voices and
I asked permission and you know what
everybody was glad to have fuckin Don
Wilson back that's true you ended that
was down with previously recorded live
they can't be sellouts as they have no
principles to violate no that's that's
very true you can't call someone a
sellout if they're not bending their own
values
mr. glitch says I got Don Wilson on my
answering machine now that's right best
ten bucks I ever spent
that's right damn Wilson how much - how
much to have jack permanently talk in
the papyrus voice does he know that
would you like alone $50,000 for the
rest of this room for the rest of any of
our streams oh yeah $50,000 $100,000
how much papyrus for every four there
every stream ever oh that I mean listen
boys 1 million dollars two million
dollars one hundred million dollars for
the rest of this Co for the rest of ever
oh I'm just I'm just breaking it down
like do you want papyrus for the rest of
this stream no I wouldn't I wouldn't do
anything for the rest of the stream cuz
it's not gonna be much no no yeah that's
the problem like a fire that be a
challenge
okay
oh it doesn't look like my BAP at all
I'm sorry I have to go the air is filled
with the smell of ozone you're my sir
with beer Meister 2089 says we're going
to need a Kickstarter to make me do
papyrus I will not do this blast for the
entirety of all of our screams that
would be terrible could you imagine that
just me being bad boys I have a price
and you know quite frankly it's your
voice not mine I would do it I would do
it for let's see here
not for for the rest of our streams ever
here but for the next six months worth
of streams for $100,000 whatever the
next two weeks
let's get let's get into the realm of
plausibility the next two weeks for
streams so four straight Sunday
Wednesday Sunday minimum three hours
stream minima four streams minimum three
hours of Pyrus all the time yeah that's
realistic
two thousand dollars one solid donation
two thousand dollars and you get you get
you get four streams with nothing but
the papyrus voice okay okay
leftover beefcake says they would have
no viewers left we would have no viewers
left that's when they start the donate
to stop the voice campaign oh you people
love the voices we know we know how much
you want undertale and please quest
dreams you love the voices okay right
yeah we have an actual decision yeah
North is the Warriors back yeah
West is the sages path East is the end
all paths lead to the end whether Easter
says done trip
I love the voices but only in doses yeah
that's that's the real yeah a variety of
voices as fun a single one is not I
didn't hear any complaints about Don
Wilson well Don Wilson is a special boy
but you know what even Don Wilson the
entire stream looked great after a wild
one Don Wilson is the camera there was a
hundred G inside this garbage can I
decided to leave it the seminar okay I
just want to keep you up on the
situation
if we donate well you do the papyrus
voice even if there is a somber week
following a major terrorist attack here
my absolute if I agree I have already
agreed the next four streams three hours
at least the stream nothing but the four
wire stories I don't care if they are
attacking us on while we are screaming
and doing that voice
even if New York New York all of New
York will have some very sad those who
attacked us with great vengeance that's
that's what I would promise that's the
front you guys are getting pretty close
to the end I just want to say the people
who told you you have to play the game
again to get the cool thing are wrong
you can do it by loading your save which
doesn't take that long okay
wins a lot and final froggit appear
I attacked him oh fuck
did not want to attack you in slot nine
to apologize
how much for rich duel my quest I'm not
that great at impressions there's like a
handful I do but I'm really terrible at
them I don't have a mic impression I
don't have a jack impression I don't
have a J impression I just I I'm not
good at those things and and in general
they can't reload the save they missed a
part did they ruin pacifists we don't
think so we kill what goes though I
think it said he wasn't dead after the
fight because he was a ghost so I think
we're ok ok
is the oh my god a troll to reference no
it's just something I said that I
thought was funny haha really is I
didn't I didn't see troll - it's a lot
of freely recently probably waited then
we were doing it do we even do anything
with troll - I've seen her recently I
don't know it was for something on the
show because he didn't it was recent
years um it was recent years that I saw
it half in the bag did something on the
documentary yeah but I don't think I was
in that discussion
no you weren't in that discussion but I
just assumed you start with them no no
no I didn't it was that even before you
move here that discussion depends upon
how really it was my Lucas impression is
great my Lucas it's like fluky is what
it is I'm usually not good at
impressions I've seen I've seen better
George Lucas impressions online you do a
very good like I said my George Lucas is
basically just depressed Kermit the Frog
could it be fraud you Miss Piggy just
died there's a terrorist attack in New
York and this baby's dead
nobody can get in contact with fuzzy we
know for sure Ralph had a gig we didn't
I hope you make it out I'm heading over
to Gruber sauce right now I I need to do
with friends
anyway back tonight it's the oh my god
that mic does this plink at a reference
to your oh my god yes I'm pretty sure
this I've been doing oh my god since we
were in like high school oh my god
remember if like the oh my god was in
any like you know the be busting service
I'd be original playing videos I know I
know
I don't know if I did that as much as
planket know her era classic blinkin
ever said oh my god but oh my god was
the thing that I am just said right
go back to a safe point after this
what did we what is messed up with this
room
oh fuck I thought he had mercy rich who
is planket based on nobody really here's
here's the fluid origin I'm sure there's
people who don't know sure Mike was
doing like a college film project thing
and basically we took old mary-kate and
Ashley Olsen videos and the plan was to
splice me into the mary-kate and Ashley
Olsen videos there was man not that was
even earlier than that oh yeah yeah this
was a one of them like mary-kate and
Ashley Olsen like little detective movie
for babies and they're on the phone
talking to a mr. plinkus who we misheard
as Lincoln and then we just took their
dialogue and then the plan was just
generally to have me saying whines
they'd be talking to me and I would be a
mr. click 'add and I just tried to sound
as insane and crazy as I could right mr.
plinkus
yep what we heard is play it right it
became playin and that's how play
guitars yeah I got it sounded crazy cuz
I'm know I'm talking to these little
girls at the children's film and I just
wanted it to be insane yeah that's how
pleading came about
similar to Don Wilson I think I was in
the same frame of mind when I started
doing Don Wilson original plank it was a
bit well it was a little bit less
subdued okay he's he's mellowed out over
the years miss waters been water fixes
crab that were yeah I don't want it
goblins or ghosts kind of all out there
oh you didn't know what he's gonna say
crazy old man right
fling it when he has to do dialogue and
a half on the bag that just kind of
mellowed him out of this you know I had
the door over I watch this whatever pops
into my head is all crazy just I'm
reading the lines and it's gotta be like
you got to understand the dialogue
do these student films that you were
Mary Kate nationally still exist I I
think they're on the run that are medium
YouTube unless we had to take them down
do copyright with the kid very good
Ashley that's possible I think they're
up somewhere I'm sure you can probably
find them somewhere in the at red letter
media calm you know there's there's a
half in the bag section there's the best
of the worst section and I believe
there's like a miscellaneous video
section and in there should be the old
blanket ones cuz they were they were up
on YouTube before we were a thing even
yeah
before there was a blanket before there
was anything and I could just like
through some of our old YouTube videos
up on the interwebs and it's possible
they got taken down because there I mean
there is a copyright material mary-kate
and Ashley Olsen I'm not sure people
ever recognized you guys on the street
maybe four times a year roughly same I
guess I just recognize me I might have
told this one on stream recently the
weirdest one for me I was just at a
grocery store
recent years yeah well I might have I
might have recently told this I mean
like on a stream so this might be
repeating myself but year or two ago I
was just going to the grocery store and
I was driving the space cop car around
okay and some like 12 13 year-old boy
runs up to me recognizing the space cop
car is that you're rich Evans and he had
like a very confused father who was
wondering why his 12 year old boy was
talking to a a 37 year old fat man
stranger in the parking lot of the
grocery store
Preston
did any non-space cops give you shit
about that car
ah one time I was stopped at a red light
really nice out so I had my window
rolled down summer and this older lady
next to me it was like staring at my car
she looked over me said are you a cab
and I'm like no I'm not a cab what are
you what does that mean are you a cab
I'm not a cab ma'am
what does that stand for she's pointing
at the logo on the car it's it's it's
four things four thing what what is it I
just started rolling the window up and
and she said before I close the window I
could clearly hear there hear her well I
never well you should give it a try lady
you might feel better
this is save save save save look in the
trash save I know there's $100 in the
trash but I'm not taking that yeah
somewhat you save I don't know where it
saves bodies I
my knees and I click the button that
turned out and there was like in who's I
think maybe the users over here
there is news
okay
they got me
not doing well I don't have a lot of oil
there's no penalty for taking the money
you jump not my money
behind this door you totally need
healing items while you take the money
and then buy a shitload of healing items
there's this room and then there's the
elevator
so what wait I go through the door the
elevator burner my game changers it's so
weird
great mr. glitch says hey assholes I was
that old woman
I never how do you do this right why is
it work that way a so weird
so now I've been doing worse without to
go to this stupid area
which is missing the mic comments what
what what what's wrong with her mics and
see anything about my
I'm gonna have not seen the revenant
Jackie um I had a chance to we will not
be taking repeting questions I had a
chance to see the revenant I'm sure it's
great instead I saw Jurassic world
everybody is saying elevator elevator
takes you to the beginning of the level
so you can get healing items faster yeah
but I need to go back to get the money
because barely machole maybe they want
the mic closer to your face I don't I
don't know I got money Jack needs to be
closer to the mic Amir dog don't worry G
I got mad cash great I just bought like
eight Amber's all right great let's do
this here's the core
okay I get it did you guys ever beat the
old hunters I have not been to Jack have
you beaten the old hunters no no I'm
right now I am stuck on the orphan of
costs who was kicking my ass just
absolutely kicking my ass and and that
fire blood starved Beast
I have not beaten either of them and I
try multiple times to beat either the
fire blood start beast or the orphan of
cause so that's how far I am if you know
the old hunters DLC oh yes there you are
darling
z Goten says hey guys have you seen
manborg yet it's an ultra-low budget
homage to eighties sci-fi a great pick
for best of the worst and it's only like
an hour long oh we like that our long is
good I have never heard of it them it's
time we have our little showdown it's
time to finally stop the malfunctioning
robot nah malfunction reprogramming get
real this was all just a big show and
act
Alfie's has been playing you for a fool
the whole time as she watched you on the
screen
she grew attracted to your adventure she
desperately wanted to be a part of it so
she decided to insert herself into your
story she reactivated puzzles she
disabled elevators she enlisted me to
torment you all she also she could save
you from the dangers that didn't at
first
someone pre Keable yeah also you would
think she is the great person that she's
not it's time for our at this very
moment alfie is waiting outside the room
during our battle she will interrupt
she will pretend to deactivate me saving
you one final time finally she'll be the
heroine of your adventure
yo regard her so highly she'll even be
able to convince you not to leave
how I might have heard some Tony Tony
tell y'all to do it alright alright
yelling are not can you see I've had
enough of this predictable charade I
have no desire to harm humans far from
it actually my only desire is to
entertain after all the audience
deserves a good show don't they and
what's a good show without a plot twist
dun dun dun
Hey Oh what's going on what's going on
you don't tell like who's the secret
plot of mine or are you the door just
locked itself sorry folks the old
programs been canceled but we've got the
finale that will drive you wild the mic
is a mile away for your face right now I
do that on purpose when I do the
football voice because I'm yelling I see
and if I move the microwave if I move
the mic away when I'm yelling it will be
normal volume for everyone out there
rich what I'm being considerate of her
own I'm just I didn't know what was
going on but I move it back I'm just
like this so they didn't befriend
moondyne we didn't yeah we didn't we
didn't we make friends with her after
the thing we didn't kill her I don't
know
anyway we saved her real drama real
action real bloodshed on our new show
attack of the killer robot
his metal body renders him in the
vulnerables of attacks
oh great you didn't befriend her you
have to go to her house for that her
house whatever
you can do it later hurt that's
worthless be sure there weren't work on
me darling listen darling I've seen you
fight you're weak
if you continue forward a score will
take your soul and with your soul mask
or will destroy you but if I get your
soul I can stop as Gore's plan I can
save humanity from destruction rich
freed Stardust as as long as you didn't
kill anything
the game will tell you what criteria you
need for the pacifist ending when the
time comes don't worry
is this enough to do a score as Tommy
why sue from the Y so from the rule $30
I can't do impressions
damn you bad you say attack me if that
sounds like a genetic 14 man that's not
Tunney why sir hey Dave I can do
therefore as Gore hey babe hey babe you
love me I don't know how to dodge these
attacks
hey I'm not sure
oh maybe you can shoot it oh that's
right shoot it
Oh damnit dummy
you can shoot when your shit is yellow I
forgot that already
stay determined
I can do Park park for asgore I'm pretty
good at pork pork did I save after I
bought all my shit I did not why so is
super easy to impersonate I suck at
impersonations and I the ones you've
heard of the few I could do I haven't
seen the room so I don't know his voice
that much it's all bullshit I did not
hit her I did not you know what we'll
have to wait and see as Goran will find
our asgore voice your daddy me apart
Lisa oh hi mark
not cheep cheep cheep cheep cheep cheep
cheep cheep cheep personnel's good Jimmy
poor Eduardo I'll have half decent Jimmy
Shores
I think my problem was the other
