Batman V Superman Discussion (SPOILERS)
March 30, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eWEJb_3IFBw

update and it's updated okay great it's
for your help that's right Oh Richard
your your hat looks slightly more
gangster huh that's great that's great
okay rich yeah yeah you weren't thinking
no you weren't thinking oh my god
where do you start with Batman vs
Superman
what do you okay so by the way this is
with it all spoiler I know nobody really
cares about the spoilers for the movie
but this is all spoilers super spoilers
for Batman vs Superman rich get your mic
close to your face our cameras flipping
out don't worry about that go ahead I am
I'm perfectly fine what he thought that
this is not my Superman yeah no Superman
said various incarnations over the years
yeah the question is is this a good
version of Superman outside of whether
or not it's ours
yeah it's not Christopher Reeve I get
that yeah it's not John Byrne Superman
but is this a good Superman what makes
what makes a good Superman what do you
need to have it makes it well this is
this is pretty much where I was gonna
start which is what just as a character
yeah from what we see in the film
what is Superman's goal like what's he
all about as a superhero I've heard
something
interesting about Zack Snyder recently
yeah he wants to direct the fountainhead
the Ayn Rand book I think he's an an R
and type person but he makes him the
worst person he's an objective he's an
Objectivist which makes him the worst
person to make a superman movie big
Superman is the embodiment of altruism
right
he gives he's got all this power and he
just he gives it all for the benefit of
the rest of the world what's it what's
all the dialogue with like the Kent's
you don't know anybody anything Clark do
whatever you want done you know you
don't have to save those people on that
bus you gotta look out for yourself is
that can can can Superman with that
mindset work well like it could like it
could if that was it like
but like the the problem with this
thought is like he's not being a hero
but he is being a hero because they have
these long elongated scenes where he
said they tell us those things tell us
that people love him and that you you're
doing things to the world they never
want to show it right
Jack Jack Snyder would rather snip his
own balls off than then show a scene of
Superman saving somebody that wasn't
just there so he could shoehorn in some
kind of Jesus imagery well that's like
that was my biggest thing is while
watching the movie I just kept on
thinking like does Superman want to be a
hero
I don't know really is there anything in
the movie that tells you that Superman
wants to save people's lives no no the
one the one
montage of him saving people like Mike
Mike explain and like a funeral was the
depressing depressing Superman saves
people montage it really was the bird
now saying these people on this boat
while funeral music plays just slowly
like I guess I'll help you off the roof
idiot why did you get stuck up on the
roof during a flood you idiot
do I have to be doing this and so and so
if Superman has no real focus as a hero
which he doesn't there is nothing in the
movie that shows that he actually wants
to help people except for Lois Lane well
that's his own self-interest because he
likes her exactly so she is the only
person who he wants to save then why is
he so caught up in Batman's shit because
they needed him to be right also
actually they didn't really need him to
be because they don't really do much
with it
what although I saw gobbledygook
yeah where are ya please gobbledygook
says Richard Jack please see Batman vs
Superman this weekend first time I saw
it I was appalled the second time
viewing was great it was a horrible
spectacle as month a is what
gobbledygook says well you know we will
we will see it again I don't know if
we'll see it this weekend but we'll see
it again
Superman has no shown purpose in the
movie he does no heroics in the movie
until the one montage yet the people of
Metropolis build a statue to him yes and
here's something that here's something
that I discovered because like I wanted
to rewatch Man of Steel because I was
like good I kept wondering why they
built that statue - yeah it sounds like
maybe you know what maybe in Manistee
like he does all this heroic stuff right
Man of Steel
the first non-military person to see
Superman who is not Lois Lane
the first non-military person who is not
Lois Lane to see Superman was the intern
for The Daily Planet
after he had destroyed the the
spaceships like in costume okay 2 hours
and 15 minutes into the movie is the
first time a non-military person sees
Superman this movie doesn't care about
showing him saving people it has no
interest in that
and there's no interesting Superman
being a hero and it's ugly if you don't
have that what you are left with is a
big blue fascist yeah you have a monster
all this power and he's just a figure to
be feared not respected right not loved
because he hasn't done anything you know
yes or or if he has done something the
movie has not made it clear whether or
not he's a hero they are banking off of
Superman's a hero you guys know he's a
hero how's mayor steel end Man of Steel
ends with with him killing Zod actually
Jack what it ends with Superman taking a
billion-dollar piece of equipment paid
by the taxpayers of the United States of
America the legal government over the
land yes that was spying on an illegal
vigilante with the power to destroy the
world and he just smashes it into the
ground and then he smug about it yep
that's how the Man of Steel ends I was
gonna get there yeah it's gonna get
there they they're trying to figure out
they're trying to keep tabs on Superman
as he is responsible for destroying most
of the city and he breaks their airplane
and says don't fucking watch me if I
help you I help you because I want to
fuck you he basically says I'm gonna do
whatever the fuck I want yes this is not
a good man
they said this well and it's really
upsetting in Man of Steel because they
spend that first hour telling us like
all he wants to do is help people but
he's conflicted because his dad told him
not to but then when he finally gets a
chance to help people he blows up half
the city he cocks it up
people love to bring up when they're
defending the man of steel yeah they
love to bring up the Avengers
well city got destroyed the Avengers
it's a key difference
okay what's the key difference we see
scenes of the adventure of the Avengers
saving people during this crisis going
out of their way to save people who are
in danger yes and trying to mitigate the
damage as much as they can absolutely
they are trying to help we'd never see
anything like that with Superman he just
doesn't give a fuck you
and that's the problem that's exactly
doesn't care we have a Superman who
doesn't care about people we have a hero
who you know like let's let's go back to
your your wonderful mindset of murder
man versus captain collateral damage he
is still supposed to be a hero and he
doesn't care about saving people all he
wants to do is punch oh I guess I'll
save the wood there's a girl and a roof
on fire I guess I'll go save her if I
have to like over the city and then
before he goes to punch stop maybe maybe
he just flies and he shoves like the
debris out of the way of a person that's
on the ground there there was a scene in
which Superman was was defeating the
alien ship and and that in turn was
trapped under some debris and and some
other people like we're trying to get
her out from the debris Perry White and
the other guy from the plane and we're
trying to get out from the debris you
already had that scene where Superman
just could have come and miss are you
okay lift it up get her out boom he's a
hero yeah boom that makes sense yeah
instead what happens is you know ships
blow up everything blows up
Superman lands on the earth and even
though this intern who has never seen
Superman before sees him land on the
earth and go and and she says he just
saved us this is what she says at the
end of Man of Steel she's never seen
Superman before she just knows that
aliens are attacking the city she sees
an alien man and and she goes he saved
us how the fuck do you know she saved
anyone she doesn't know our Superman our
Superman would save people yeah of
course this Superman doesn't and he's
not our Superman hmm is that does it
still make him a good character well I'm
gonna say no well that's what I'm saying
just scary
he's just scary he's captain damage
right yeah so this is captain damage
who's who's moody helps when he can but
the movie still doesn't show him helping
that many people and when it does show
him helping it
it's these like elongated slow-motion
shots that makes you kind of feel weird
about him helping
what if it weren't Superman but over
something like like Hancock or
super-powered person who didn't care
would that be would that be an
interesting character if it wasn't
Superman
that well that's that's captain damage
right
that's captain damage yeah right which
is fine but they still keep shoving this
idea of him wanting to be a hero yes in
our faces
yes which doesn't match with his actions
in the movie they tell us he's a hero
they show us him being a dick so even if
it's captain damage it's still an
inconsistent character yeah that's all
that matters now now when we're talking
about Superman we're talking about Man
of Steel even though we're supposed to
be talking about Batman vs Superman
because we have to because Superman
doesn't do anything in Batman vs
Superman he almost literally doesn't do
anything in the entirety of the two and
a half hours that the movie runs yeah so
we have to talk about Man of Steel
that's all we know about his character
well and it's it's the same movie right
man it feels the the first movie and
this is the the sequel unofficially or
whatever officially are in the same
universe right Man of Steel tells us he
wants to be a hero it doesn't really
show him doing much heroics beyond like
little stuff here and there once he puts
on the cape but and really it doesn't
matter because then we get huge
character inconsistencies with him
killing all of the Kryptonians and then
being mad about killing the one
Kryptonian but that's fine everything's
fine and then and then when the script
rise to did sell him as a hero though
that just annoys me it should build the
monument The Daily Planet has a love
affair with Superman the city has a love
affair with Superman you know they
shouldn't but it's like you could have
showed him doing something like or just
everybody hates him okay as they should
but sure well I guess that's that's the
thing you have to choose and if your
Superman is gonna be a dick and that's
the story you want to write
like is he you know he's helping but
he's causing damage is he a hero then
right that story
they're trying to have their cake and
eat it too and it doesn't and that's
what really doesn't work and they try to
do that with everybody with Lex Luthor
you want it you want that's a whole
other the fucking can of shit that's a
whole other can of shit well I you know
well I guess we'll stick to the hero so
so Superman I'm trying to remember the
first time we saw him in the movie is
when he saves Lois Lane yeah so you know
Lois Lane isn't true that scene you know
the photographer yeah well you go ahead
explain I know that was yes I do
that was Jimmy Olsen that's officially
Jimmy Olsen so so the this the movie
opens up with Lois Lane and a
photographer going to interview a
terrorist and as it turns out the
photographer is working for the CIA
and the whole thing gets mucked up and
people die and that photographer who is
officially Jimmy Olsen gets shot in the
fuckin head in cold blood no remorse
this is how the movie starts it startled
me because I fully expected big blue to
just go put his hand out and catch the
bullet nope I expected him to do
something heroic yep
like maybe they learned their lesson
maybe he's gonna be a hero yep nope no
fucking that he does eventually show up
to save Lois Lane just to save Lois Lane
but should be noted that this is done
selfishly because he loves Lois Lane
because he gets to have sex with Lois I
guess he could have sex with Jimmy Olsen
to be back with our objectivism yes he's
looking out for his own self-interest
ultimately mmm this movie makes me a
drink
so he's so he saves Lois Lane has total
has all the sex with Lois Lane we get it
we got a super sexy bath sex scene well
it's been noted he saves Lois Lane by
shoving a normal human being through
three brick walls yes who is certainly
dead no question
then he is a dead absolutely no it
should be noted that this whole
terrorist thing with the shootings and
getting Superman to come there to punch
a man yeah well it's always a setup
right let's let's let's talk about how
this is a setup planned by Lex Luthor
part of his Rube Goldberg plan to do
something so Lex Luthor knows that
Superman has a thing with Lois Lane also
knows that Superman is Clark Kent also
knows that Batman is Bruce Wayne yes but
what was what was Lex Palpatine what was
his plot with the terrorists sent him
what was he trying to accomplish what
was he trying to account he was trying
to make this makes no sense he was
trying to make Superman look bad like a
murderer like he's doing whatever he
wants he went there and he killed all
these people this doesn't work we sure
this doesn't work for reasons first
reason the first time anybody ever sees
Superman he destroyed Metropolis right
so the public should already be hate and
distrust him and I guess the second
reason this doesn't work is because
there's people all got killed by bullets
Superman would not be killed would that
kill people with bullets kind of the one
guy he punched through three brick walls
he did murder him right and what a nerd
reason it wouldn't work to smear his
opinion in the US public is he murdered
terrorists and his opinion would only go
up in the books right there Fox News
once I got ahold of this story oh my god
I would be trumpeting the joys of
Superman to the world right right so
this plan to frame Superman for the
machine gun murder of a band of
terrorism is ridiculous Superman decides
to ditch his super strength and speed
and laser eyes in lieu of using the
machine gun to kill people America would
love him for that because you know why
cuz he used a gun like an American
wedding Superman for president
shit dog shit so then we meet Lex Luthor
and Lex Luthor I kind of like the way
Jesse Eisenberg played him cuz he's not
our kind of work I mean originally super
Lex Luthor mad scientist mad scientist
prototype then he was evil businessman
yeah and now he's Mark Zuckerberg yeah
it was fine and that works because
that's like the modern businessman
eccentric billionaire right and we don't
really know what Lex Corp does I'm not
super worried about that big business I
had something signed something Lex is
trying to get the government support to
to get into Zod spaceship the
specifically he's trying to get the
government support to build an anti
Superman weapon right there is no reason
the government should have turned him
down well well Holly Hunter yes says I
don't think this is a good idea she
heads up the committee that blames
Superman for the terrorist attack with
bullets and she blames Superman for the
terrorist attack with bullets that makes
no sense but then says we probably
shouldn't do anything to stop him this
man who destroyed metropolis 18 months
prior mmm-hmm we don't need any kind of
countermeasures that's assassination the
US government would never kill people
but but you know it's all good because
he saves that one Mexican girl from the
fire this is this is what the movie
tells us right this is what the movie
tells us I was having so Lex so many
elaborate plans I was having a Twitter
conversation with someone and we came up
with a really good theory about so like
so at the end of the day Lex's plan is
to pit Batman against Superman to take
care of Superman and possibly take care
of Batman who knows right how dumb is
that well how
idiotic is that but this is his real
plan his real plan in the movie is to
pit Batman against Superman so they
fight and one destroys each other
hopefully Superman we're gonna we're
gonna we're gonna defeat Superman the
man who can destroy worlds by pitting
him against an unhinged vigilante well
you know what because you throw whatever
you can't add them and then like if that
doesn't work or maybe just for some
other reasons I'll also build a giant
monster well we're not even there yet
Congress I couldn't talk about Congress
are we even there yet like I think now
we're on Batman I know let's figure
blacks out there's nothing to figure out
let's explore Lex and how he doesn't
work at all
sure so SELEX wants the government to
let him build a Superman weapon mm-hmm
and that's where he takes a Jolly
Rancher and places it in another
grown-ups mouth yeah was weird and
quirky whatever the other grown-up is
okay with that even though he's a
congressman right
whatever whatever that's we it was we it
was very distracting it was very
distracting he doesn't respect authority
I think that's what they're saying
that's fine I'm fine with that
but he sets up the crippled man who from
beginning the film who had like a beam
fall on his legs when Superman blew up
metropolis
the whole reason Bruce is pissed at
Superman is because Superman broke
Bruce's building and killed a bunch of
Wayne Corp people he'd new employees and
it crippled this employee of his that
was set up really well that is the one
motivated character yes movie who had
good motivations yes this should have
been a Batman I mean I got imagine
there's a ton of shit on the cutting
room floor from Superman well once we
get the three-hour r-rated cut on DVD
which is a thing that's happening yeah
it's probably gonna make a little more
sense no Batman
and it's like you want it you want the
whole movie to be about this about like
Superman answering for his crimes mm-hmm
listen they have been great you saved
the planet you also murdered like
thousands of people saved millions
murdered thousands what can we do about
this wouldn't that have been great like
wouldn't and you know we get to this
point so like so the this this guy who
gets crippled in in the metropolis
accident in the metropolis situation
yeah take Superman to court and says you
need to answer for your crimes right
there's a Superman hearing there's a
Superman hearing and this guy wants
answers right and but he's a plant from
Lex Luthor and we get to the scene in
which Superman decides that he is going
to speak his mind and say hey I'm gonna
answer for my crimes really interesting
to hear what he had to say that would
have been great but instead of that the
whole thing blows up and then it's never
mentioned again the wheelchair that
because Lex Luthor's been setting up the
crippled guy to be a patsy yeah for the
last 18 months because 18 months ago he
knew that he was a gonna get Batman to
try and kill Superman even though they
didn't know about Kryptonite yet and
even though Batman's just an early human
being who blew up a city and some UFOs
yeah so he's gonna take this crippled
man and he's gonna steal the checks that
Bruce Wayne is sending him and then he's
gonna write in crayon on the checks and
he's gonna hold those cheques back until
18 months later when he's gonna send
those checks to Bruce Wayne after giving
the wheelchair man a new wheelchair that
blows up and then the wheelchair in
Congress what Superman is gonna blow up
Congress right and then people are gonna
hate Superman because they think
Superman blows up Congress even though
they immediately figure out that a
wheelchair and it wasn't Superman and
blowing up Congress did nothing to
further Luthor's goals of framing
Superman or doing basically doing
anything basically just murdered
Congress for no reason well you know he
didn't like that one cut he didn't like
Holly Hunter Holly Hunter was getting in
his way so I guess like she's dead
that's great but but that that was the
most frustrating part of the movie and
like a very similar turn
happens in Man of Steel we're like I
said that that like first hour of Man of
Steel slowly delves into the character
of Clark Kent and then the rest of the
movie just says fuck it I guess we're
fighting so here we have a situation
that is actually and like asking
questions about heroes
what are they accountable for
superheroes like oh sure they help
people but yeah they break buildings
let's like let's Superman defend himself
here instead the whole there's an
explosion and then like you said
afterwards people like ah there was this
crazy bomber Superman couldn't do
anything I guess is alright all but I
still hate Superman but I hated him
before anyway it accomplishes nothing to
answer the questions that the movie
wants to raise here's a here's an anal
question okay I'm gonna get a little
have the Kryptonite at this point didn't
actually have possession of it at this
point in the movie no no I think that
scene happened after it's hard to keep
it it's hard to keep it all this
everyone went on vacation after Congress
blew up was that when he went in'
climbing I think he went mountain
climbing and I think that was when
Luthor had the Kryptonite because
Superman came down to stop Superman from
stealing the super members still around
he wouldn't been there if he were on
vacation at that time he would have he
wouldn't stop Batman from not getting
the Kryptonite in the scene that had no
purpose but Batman failing still
kryptonite that he stole two scenes
later off-camera
will get there but I think I think I
think Luthor had the Kryptonite at that
point why not just make a kryptonite
bomb with kryptonite shrapnel you know
where Superman's gonna be and you got a
wheelchair bomb and you and you already
know that the Kryptonite hurts
Kryptonians right there really really do
that I guess I guess like you had the
power to kill Superman already yep
you might be absolutely right like and I
saw the movie a little drunk and very
late I want I want that to be clear I
want that to be very very clear but you
might be absolutely correct that Lex
already had the Kryptonite in his
warehouse okay so where are we in the
movie now like it's the Congress blew up
so Congress blew up and and the plan
Lexa's big plan for blowing up Congress
was once again to try to frame Superman
to get more people angry at him but the
public is still like the people who
liked him before still liked him and the
people who didn't like him still don't
like him
the only person it really angers is
Batman Batman is now pissed at Superman
1 because Superman broke his car two
because Superman blew up Congress right
yep so Batman starts a training montage
a la rocky 4 when he's in Russia and and
hitting a tire he could probably afford
some really nice work on equipment you
know it's more hardcore if you do yeah
that makes your muscles bigger I think
it's important to know that Bruce Wayne
does CrossFit yeah yeah yeah that's
that's important do CrossFit Bruce Wayne
would and tell all of his friends about
it
dude fucking the other day I was doing
pull-ups to my palms blood it was
awesome dude yeah woman I do wanna get a
quick session get a quick CrossFit yagan
left buildings you look you left that
tire I was that is so great that you do
CrossFit do you want to oh you can hit
the tire with the hammer that's funny I
can rip a man in half that's my girl gal
gadot now Superman Superman what is he
doing in this movie what is he doing
that's the big question rich he really
really cares about Batman
he's very anti Batman he's very anti bad
you know because the the Batman yeah is
a vigilante yes who takes you know the
law into his own hands fuck that man and
he kills people
absolutely fuck that guy and this
Superman has a moral problem with that
because Superman doesn't kill people
always Superman isn't a loose cannon
vigilante who doesn't respect the law
and kill people yeah I'll wait woopsy
dupes also he's just a complete
hypocrite yeah there's no reason to hate
Batman or what he's doing okay so let's
let's let's even go a little bit further
when we're on the roof of LexCorp which
is in Metropolis later in the movie
we're on the roof of Lex Corp does he
play wait wait mister glitch does he
play by his own rules yes at the end of
matter steel he throws the
billion-dollar satellite on the ground
and sells the US government fuck you I'm
gonna do what I want oh yes by the way
there is a there is I'm not joking
when I say there is a training montage
in this movie rich corroborate there is
a CrossFit training montage in which we
get to see a very good-looking Ben
Affleck doing some awesome stuff so but
okay but here's what okay so Superman is
a huge hypocrite right Oh huge hypocrite
comically huge and he doesn't like to
bring this problem is the script doesn't
think he is the script is still trying
to pretend that this is the Christopher
Reeve Superman right which is work if
literally falls apart because that is
not what we see at all no we never see
him being like true good or whatnot but
okay but let's say let's say fine he
hates the Batman he doesn't want the
Batman doing his bad Batman things right
huh at this point in the movie like what
I mean even before Batman tries to steal
the Kryptonite Clark Kent already knows
that Bruce Wayne is Batman
because at Lex's party he heard him
talking to Alfred
I honestly think he's supposed to be too
stupid to put that together
I honestly believe he's supposed to be
that dumb okay but then he he rips apart
the Batmobile yes after Batman is
messing up metropolis and rather than
put him into jail he gives him a warning
but he here is the real thing
Gotham City is across the bay from
metropolis right uh-huh
so assuming the movies logic is correct
which is not and Superman just doesn't
like Batman at any point during this
movie Superman could have flown over to
Gotham and just waited for Batman to
show because he has super hearing and
super sight right he could have dealt
with this Batman shit during any time in
the past eight years since the Man of
Steel happened yes yes and we see Gotham
from metropolis yes
Superman has super he didn't have a save
his office in the Daily Planet yeah and
then he catches Batman was trying to
steal the Kryptonite he has x-ray vision
okay he's Bruce Wayne now you can have
this conversation with Bruce Wayne at
any time you want cuz Bruce Wayne it's a
famous person you know exactly where he
is at all times right so what was the
scene where Batman uses his detective
skills to figure out that Clark Kent is
Superman and where is the scene where
where Superman uses his powers to figure
out who Batman is where is that why
isn't that in the movie cuz that would
have been fun and no fun is allowed yes
does Batman figure out who he is I know
well he has to know by the end because
he's there at the funeral and at the
Kent household but it's not clear that
he knows before actually I don't think
he does know before that because Batman
call her Superman calls Batman Bruce
when they go on the rooftop for the
final flight okay but you know he can
see through it's not clear when Batman
figures it out but I assume just because
he's not the Clint the Kent farm house
at the end that he
at the end cuz Lois Lane Pratley told
him over Superman's a corpse probably I
guess yeah and like that's by the way in
in all other iterations of Batman
meeting Superman which I guess means
Lois Lane also knows that Batman is
Bruce Wayne because Bruce Wayne shows up
the Kent household for Superman's
funeral so now this newspaper reporter
who was who the violet bat vigilante is
tried to kill her boyfriend she already
knows like they patched it up they're
friends now and like okay well she knew
one secret she's probably good with all
the other secrets that's fine right hey
this is our spoilers discussion you
didn't know that sorry why are you here
we're taught we're talking Batman vs
Superman
I thought I put that in the title I
might not have I guess like this is the
you know obviously like movies and
sometimes need these like tiny little
nitpicky logic flaws in order for the
movie to yeah yeah the problem is when
they start stacking up yes that's a sign
of a sloppy script it's a sign of sight
well and you know like oh there's one
little nitpicky thing okay you know yeah
your mind can let that pass and the
escapist fantasy is still there when
they're all over the place though it's a
sign of somebody didn't give a fuck yes
and it's horribly written script yes
sign yes did we talk about Lex Luthor is
a complete lack of motivation for
wanting well we haven't even got that
okay well we're gonna get there though
of course it's important no like we're
still discussing Superman's lack of
motivation that well and like this is
the real thing is is you can pick just
about any other superhero movie and you
understand what the character is
fighting for and have like like Captain
America yeah
you saw the Captain America movie right
what Steve Rogers thing he's fights from
mom and apple pie is good old-fashioned
boy he believes in his his job as a
soldier fighting for the American
government and and you can you think of
like a specific scene maybe early on
that kind of showed all you needed to
know about him
as a character isn't it the garbage cans
and then reaction yeah trying to trying
to stop some bullies boom-boom that's
all you need even though he's laying at
that point Steve Rogers described trying
to stop bullying makes them that much
more courageous boom everything you need
to know visually as much as I've had
problems with the First Avenger Captain
America First Avenger I love the first
like half that movie I love everything
up until it turns into Captain America
and sergeant Fury's Howling Commandos -
sergeant theory Captain America and the
laser pistols this is this is all this
is all I'm thinking about here is like
other movies who have done it well and I
kept trying to think about like Iron Man
was change of heart yeah after seeing
the you know what his weapons are doing
and his weapons are getting into the
wrong hand it's he's it first hand
yep oh my we see it on our Iron Man 3
right which obviously I think is a
perfect great promise but you know like
literally the whole movie is about like
is it the man or is it the suit and and
by the way like that's not just like the
suit is it the hero like yeah is it the
power or is it the man oh it's the man
the man makes it that I thought that
whole movie is about that right I've
been trying to think of other DC
examples who have gotten it right or at
least other non Marvel Cinematic
Universe movies that have gotten it
right motivation motivation is just like
can you name a scene in a DC movie where
we know exactly what the characters
about I haven't seen many of the recent
ones did you want to talk about my
daughter Superman or something like that
well I was trying to think of like even
like I haven't seen this old Superman
movies it's so damn long right even like
Burton Batman a damn but so all we can
point to in modern movies is the Marvel
movies because that's all the
competition there is and they keep
nailing these basic characteristics late
what mark what Marvel does so well as
they understand their characters they
really
understand their curves what makes them
tick but beyond that the filmmakers show
what makes that our characters tank may
it's possible that Zack Snyder
understand exactly what's going on in
Superman's head he just doesn't show us
you you you have to if if he's going to
be the hero who's questioning his own
methods you need to fucking show that ID
so they do that one with Batman in
Batman vs Superman okay they do a great
job early on of us establishing his
motivations to go after Superman hmm I
have one minor minor it's a great great
Ben Affleck yeah terrific wonderful
Batman terrific wonderful bad but they
set up his motivation to kill Superman
I'm gonna I have to kill Superman
because he's too dangerous wouldn't that
have been more powerful if this was a
Batman who didn't ordinarily murder
people if this were like that step he
was willing to take because this case is
so extreme I'm willing to cross that
line and then and then if that were the
case if this were a Batman who normally
didn't kill people would have to because
Superman is such a danger wouldn't that
make them Martha moment work yes all
right where were you why weren't you in
that writers room and I have nobody I
don't even have a huge problem with
murderers Batman you go back to the Tim
Burton yeah Michael Keaton his Batman
killed dozens of people
absolutely he blew up everybody I think
I talked about this last stream but even
love everybody in the ACE chemical
factory all of Joker's henchmen were in
there a ton of them
he shoots guns and missiles at Joker's
parade float he targets the Joker with
his machine guns in the batplane yep he
throws a guy off the clock tower and
then he murders the Joker at the end but
ultimate
makes a really good point here
motivation to go after Superman but no
explanation as to why he's so willing to
casually kill criminals and brand them
which is also a death sentence in prison
for some reason that's true we have no
reason why he has no reason why he's so
unhinged to his regular criminals except
for the fact that he's just so wound up
over that Superman character Zack Snyder
wonder if I look bad yeah that's really
it that's really and and doesn't care
how or why he shows the violent Batman
you get you can make an argument that
you see the Robins costume with the
Joker's graffiti on it that Robyn's
murder maybe pushed him over the edge
sure be nice there a movie before this
that showed that that would be great a
little more set up Batman for this film
yeah yeah yeah and then that film ended
with with him driving to Metropolis the
Batman movie that with him driving to
Metropolis and seeing all the atrocities
and then this movie happens that would
have been great yeah I'm having a good
post-credit thing him him being in
Metropolis when when building started
blowing up man they just go right into
the Justice League movie so like this is
the real thing when it when people talk
about like the Marvel bias we can't help
it that they make better movies I'm I'm
gonna say this even as a comics fan for
the most part I like the Marvel
characters more yeah I do I think
they're more interesting characters from
the most part but like Green Arrow lame
Batman Green Arrow is lame Batman yep
flashes I don't even understand how the
fuck they make that word but you're
gonna run real fast rich but my issues
with a lot of the other DC character
side I fucking love Batman and I like
Superman a lot too of course yeah
this is Batman vs Superman this is not a
factor I should I should love this movie
where it's like even if you look at the
lesser Marvel Cinematic Universe movies
like for you give a fuck about Thor no I
don't give a fuck about Thor nobody give
a fuck about Iron Man until Robert
Downey jr. played I'm sure I didn't give
a fuck about Iron Man before Robert
Downey jr. played
absolutely not but like like even Thor
still to this date I don't give a fuck
about Thor yeah but I understand
everything he's doing in his movie you
know Wyatt why why is Thor sent out of
Asgard I get that what he's doing to
like grow as a character I get that
because they show it it's a cheap movie
it's a simple movie it's not my favorite
it's you know I like it's okay it's a
fine movie but like I understand what is
happening in Thor and Thor is a movie
with a rainbow magic portal and a hammer
that can fly and I get that but for some
reason they can't get like just a guy
who's really strong
he's the arrogant bastard needs to learn
humility that's a character boom boom
you nailed it right Batman's the
murderers vigilante who's struggling
over whether or not he should murder or
Superboy doesn't really struggle over
that he's sure about that until the end
but somebody says Martha wait a minute
do you know my mom I gotta say like the
new Batman force he had a little voice
modulator yeah it's fun but I'm still
gonna mock the nolan burg of course just
starts barking at superman you probably
could replace his entire dialogue with
angry dogs barking and it would still
make sense let's go back to Lex Luthor
yeah yeah please why does he hate
Superman why does Lex Luthor hate
Superman we could assume that Mike Bruce
Wayne even though they showed up with
Bruce Wayne Ranney the destruction of
Metropolis he saw that was like yeah
this man's gotta be stopped but then
again he's also murdering other people
and blowing up Congress to accomplish
this goal it's gotta be more than that
and he's and and he's creating
Muenster why is he creating a monster I
don't know well he's gotta kill Superman
even though is that why he's creating my
plan was apparently to get Batman to
kill Superman right so he's gonna have a
monster just in case Batman fails to
kill Superman then the monster can do it
but I guess I guess if Batman does
successfully kill Superman which is his
initial plan then what do you do with
the rampaging monster you just created
that has nothing to counter it mr.
Beebe's says Lex Luthor hates Superman
because he is all good and all-powerful
which Lex can't stand where do you get
that mr. Beebe's
where do you get that where where does
he say that what in the movie informs
this that's that's the real question
because Luthor is convinced that he's
the angel he talked about the demons
coming from above not lo he doesn't see
himself as being all bad he certainly
doesn't see Superman as being all good
sure oh so you're saying that is a line
of dialogue in the movie but he's also
okay with exploding people he blows up
Congress in an act that accomplishes
nothing I don't understand he says it I
thought Lex just wants to get more of
those lucrative government contracts he
doesn't have government contracts
don't you understand lex luthor turn the
painting upside down ridiculous god
imagery here here is the theory that we
came up with on twitter okay the theory
that makes absolute sense if you insert
this logic into Lex Luthor's character
everything he does makes perfect sense
okay Lex one of Lex Luthor's businesses
gets the government contracts to rebuild
metropolis
then everything he does makes perfect
sense then don't you want to keep
Superman around the next time he decided
to destroy metropolis exactly that's why
he half-assedly sent people to kill
Superman and that's why he created a
monster to rampage through the city
because so he wasn't really trying to
kill Superman he was just trying to piss
him off he was just trying to make a
giant fight happen in the city to
destroy more of the city to get more
government country think about it it
makes perfect sense it makes perfect
sense
okay Lex's hatred comes from the fact
that Superman wasn't there to save him
from all the abuse from his father
establish that better it's what I got
from watching the scene with Lex and
soup on the roof you think that's enough
to make somebody murder a bunch of
people and to create a city destroying
monster yeah
no raise any man and everybody else who
didn't rescue him right Mike said that
his religious dad beat the shit out of
him okay that's why he hates the God and
Superman is a God in his eyes that's
this god shit really really makes these
movies worse it really does
you know big great ideas make Superman
less relatable how do we make Superman
less relatable yeah put him further out
of our reach well and maybe and maybe
that's the thing like you know Lex
Luthor had these high I you know God
caused my dad to beat me and now a God
has come and that's why I'm really mad
at him that is not a simple concept
maybe maybe it's just just maybe this is
just because I'm an atheist but sure
that is the dumbest thing I've ever
heard one
yes - that's big and that's really weak
it's a big concept and it's a really
weak concept because you have to connect
those dots right my dad beat me is one
dot okay so you're like I'm gonna I'm
abused right yeah my dad was really
religious that's another dot my dad beat
me because he was religious is another
dot Superman is a religious figure now
so is the Pope where's mercy Lex
Luthor's plan to kill the Pope you're oh
no you're confusing the issues Superman
is a religious figure now Superman is a
God Superman caused my dad to beat me
these are all the dots that you need to
collect when you have a goofy villain
because he's playing it goofy he's
playing a goofy and whimsical he's
giving senators jars of urine these are
a lot of dots to connect that's very
weak chant I hate the Cubs so many dots
it's like poetry well this is the thing
where it's like if you want that like if
that's your connection maybe you have to
connect those dots you should show those
dots being connected
besides long rambling expository
dialogue done by someone who's a crazy
person who talks very fast that doesn't
do a job of connecting those dots if
that is what they're going for maybe it
was so let's assume that's what they're
going for maybe maybe he's a bad
filmmaker the Zack Snyder and maybe he's
not able to connect those dots using
audio and visuals this is all I'm saying
Jarvey there's a jar of urine a jar of
urine plays a prominent role in this
movie too - boring age cases if rich
hates the Cubs
why isn't he tried to blow up Congress
that's um that's um Batman vs Superman
logic right there yeah right
granny's peach t urine thing right do
you remember you remember the jar of
urine that plays a vital role in the
movie we're all supposed to remember
that jar of urine and John Burns comics
Luther was basically Alexander the Great
he hates Superman because he is jealous
of him he also kind of loves him because
he gives him the ultimate challenge
something worth is great efforts that's
great for the comic book version of
these characters none of this is
established to the film you know I
actually really like that idea the idea
of like like being upset with Superman
because like he's greater than anything
you could ever achieve that would make
sense yeah and that's a really simple
concept that you can understand
immediately Superman's stronger than me
Superman's Superman's a hero people love
Superman and he doesn't have to try it
all and I had to work really hard to get
my fort boom but Jack what Jesus oh god
oh god oh god and I see you chat I see
you saying these are things he literally
said while on a rooftop while on the
rooftop but remember that rooftop scene
was two hours into the movie when Lex
had already done a bunch of batshit
insane crazy things these are things we
should understand about the villain
right away I I didn't even get the
mafroom watching the rooftop scene right
it still felt like a poor motivation of
course you know what to do the extreme
things he's doing you need clear
understandable motivation for what the
villain is doing well you you don't
think like a throwaway line would would
work like just probably not probably not
probably not I'm not pretty that like
mix in law the other lofty nonsense
dialog no I would just get lost in the
shuffle of all the nonsense crap and you
don't
it's okay to have that just like at the
end of the movie like after he's done
all the weird shit we can just put that
in at the end it'll be fine it'll be
fine rich why did he make a monster
because the monster will destroy the
city and he has government contracts
putting aside your farm theory which is
great that's it's funny that's wrong why
did you make a monster why did he make a
monster cuz his plot was the Batman
thing I thought what Batman failed
things getting through this monster
thing cuz he can certainly control the
monster after the monster killed
Superman probably not that could be very
hard to do I don't understand the
monster maybe that's why he wanted the
Kryptonite to control the monster and he
was upset that Batman stole the
Kryptonite so he made the monster anyway
you should just made that kryptonite
bomb that would have been really smart
yeah yeah I see you chat that's the
scene that ties it all together I will
argue that in movies like this it is
important that we understand the
protagonists and the antagonists
motivation right from the beginning if
if it were done well there wouldn't be a
ton of people who saw the movie and
we're asking what the hell Lex Luthor's
motivation was what if it were done well
if that were intended there would not be
a ton of people who saw the movie and
did not understand what Lex Luthor's
motivation was right and I don't think
we were the only people on earth who saw
that Luthor had no motivation after
seeing the movie yeah I agree but like I
said even even more than that I want it
I want it kind of right up there in the
beginning as soon as we know who the bad
guy is we should understand why he's the
bad guy if that was the thing they
attempted it failed sure sure
try to think I'm trying to think of
examples here
Lex did not plan on having Batman kill
Superman he wanted Superman to bow to
him the monster was lexis plan to kill
Superman then what the fuck was Lex
Luthor doing with Bruce Wayne for 18
months of setup because remember that
Lex Luthor was taunting Batman and he
says this in the movie he was provoking
Batman to fight Superman and at one
point he says I think I finally pushed
him over the edge and they're gonna
fight and then he sent Superman to fight
Batman that was part of his plan so what
was what was Lex Palpatine attempting to
do they want a vote of no-confidence
from Congress and that's why he blew
Congress up a vote of no-confidence
because if you blows him up he'll get
the vote of no-confidence and then he'll
be keep voting him more and more power
because then and then he could build his
doomsday clone army but then the trade
sanctions on Naboo would hold and Naboo
would be lost because then the Queen
wouldn't be able to be queen any more
and they would have the trade saying and
then Superman would never be as
apprentice but if what he really wanted
was Batman to be his apprentice but
Superman will have to do because
Superman was Batman's apprentice at the
time so they needed to get rid of the
Batman so Superman would be his
apprentice okay okay now it all makes
sense now it all makes sense
Oh we'll get to Wonder Woman
don't you worry Chet there's a whole
other part to this movie we get the gist
doomsday doomsday how fucking dumb is
doomsday as a character in general is a
character in general fucking dumb but if
you are going to do doomsday sure how
dumb is it to introduce him in the last
10 minutes with no establishment or
build-up and then he just gets beat up
because you know that usually makes
something really threatening is not
knowing exactly how strong or
threatening there
or worse for better or worse doomsday is
one of the iconic super mandolins
correct because of the publicity around
the death because he was the one that
killed super Monsieur then you need to
build him up as a threat to have that
mindless monster work as a threat you
need to show him being powerful yes and
being damaging I remember in the comic
books it was a slow build-up he starts
he actually has his arm tied behind his
back when he first crawls out of the
thing he landed it okay so he's
one-handed he destroys a small town and
then the Justice League the whole
Justice League - Superman comes to stop
doomsday and he beats the shit out of
them with one hand okay and you
establish a powerful threatening villain
sure and then you show him walking
towards Metropolis oh my god this is
horrible and then the hero shows up to
fight this unstoppable threat or you can
just have him pop out of a can and then
everyone beats them up how how long do
you think that the the the entire action
sequence with doomsday lasted ten
minutes ten minutes maybe how much
screen time including that ten minutes
of action do we see doomsday 11 minutes
maybe maybe this is some basic shit here
is we need to know how bad the villain
is the first time we see Darth Vader
what's happening in the movie all the
rebels are fucking done right Darth
Vader comes in everybody's bowing to him
everybody's scared of them except for
Leia who's the hero but like everyone
else is like yeah fuck I surrender fuck
fuck
dr. fate Yeah right big black suit like
he picked somebody up with one hand he
chokes them fuck dude done right
doomsday pop
side of the building Roy jumps up like
King Kong is spinning around and then
they start fighting immediately and then
it's over ten minutes boom I'm not
saying I listen I'm not saying I would
do a better job making the movie I'm
trying to give examples of how it's done
well you know by the way I agree chaos
Zack Snyder is terrible but this was
maybe a case of WB having too many cooks
in the kitchen absolutely but this is
part of what makes Zack Snyder terrible
is he's working with the system that's
why he gets to make the movies he gets
to make the movies because he listens to
the people who make bad decisions and
that's why he gets to keep working oh
sure yeah we didn't get a monster in
there that's not Lex Luthor you want him
Wonder Woman show flash Aquaman ever all
of them will make all that happen in
this I'll find like a good director
knows how to both work the system and
make a cohesive narrative out of that
and if he was a stronger director he
would have been able to wrangle in WB a
little bit to make a good movie but he's
working within the system and that's
what makes him a bad director doomsday
pops up yeah doomsday pops up Wow he's
just a raging monster we don't know how
strong he is there's just a fight in the
heroes vanquish him doomsday was
relegated though the climax then in the
entire climax of the movie like in any
other film that would have been like the
midway action point oh we haven't had
any action or a while I fight a monster
yep yep the climax of the film and any
other movie would have just been a
throwaway and villain in the middle of
the film somewhere just to keep things
moving of course I really thought that's
what was going to happen yeah Lex was
gonna be the real threat I thought that
doomsday was gonna pop up and then like
oh then we have to work together the
nine powered suit was gonna come on out
I was expecting a kryptonite power
suit like classic Lex Luthor but maybe
Batman would have something to do when
that fire like I can disable the suit
Superman can't get too close but I can
do this I can do this and shield the
Kryptonite so Superman we work together
right and like or hate Wonder Woman I
know most people like she didn't have
any place in the end of this movie
should have been there
the movie was Batman vs Superman the
problem should have been resolved by
Batman and Superman not Batman and
Superman all fuckin there's Wonder Woman
here like her hate her love her hate her
yeah or mostly just love she shouldn't
have been there but for rich Doomsday's
dual bladed lightsaber was super cool
nice right oh god
Batman I can't do anything
Batman's main move during the doomsday
fight and this is shown over and over
again is running away all Batman is
doing during that doomsday fight is
dodging doomsday he does nothing no I
know nothing like I wanna I want to end
on the giant disappointment that is the
the Batman vs. Superman fight yeah but
before that we should probably talk
about the random shit that they decided
to throw in this movie the the Wonder
Woman flash Aquaman
well there's the dream sequence that
does nothing oh my god rich there's a
dream sequence there I know exactly what
happens in the Justice League movie but
it's not a dream sequence it's not a
dream sequence because there are things
in that dream that Bruce Wayne should
have absolutely no knowledge of the
flying monsters the Kryptonian flying
monsters no no he's psychic now
that's not sight of the flash thing
which arguably happened even though he
wakes up after it right in the middle of
his psychic dream future flash comes in
and says you have to protect Lois she's
the key to all of this it rhymes oh wait
I came here too fast right mm-hmm and
then he wakes up again it's dumb it was
just an excuse to fill inaction quota
because you get an action sequence it
should've been the Doomsday fight should
have been the Doomsday fire rich um ya
know that dream sequence made no sense
I mean no sense in the movie apocalypse
Darkseid but yeah sure sure but
apparently Darkseid Superman now and
Superman's gonna come back it's gonna be
evil
he's gonna come to Superman's gonna come
back evil so they're gonna have an
excuse for Superman to destroy more shit
without caring about human life for half
the Justice League movie but actually
have it makes sense but have it actually
makes sense
no no Superman's destroying the city not
because he's evil yeah yeah oh don't you
hate Superman what a great way to kick
off your DC Cinematic Universe for the
Jackass Superman who murders everyone
the kids are gonna love this don't you
wanna don't you want to fly and destroy
cities to kids that's a hoax for could
you tired I'm so tired and sad we are
talking I'm sorry I know you're tipping
my god I know you're tipping I keep
seeing your tips but we're talking
where are we I know
tired and said did either of you see the
deleted scene online of Lex Luthor
summoning Steppenwolf
no no also why did WDB turn Luthor into
a low-key type working for a space devil
because because Mark Zuckerberg is how
we see evil businessman in this day and
age like the way he played it is fine if
he just had some better material to work
out who was worse
who has worse planning skills when it
comes to building multiple trilogies
George Lucas or whoever the fuck is in
charge at Warner Brothers no you know
what I think I was gonna say one Rose
cuz at least George Lucas made all three
movies exactly how he wanted to I have a
feeling that WB is gonna stumble a bit
in terms of clumsily shoehorning
multiple franchises is this film more
comparable to Iron Man two
age of Ultron or the amazing spider-man
2 later mazing excitement - I'm through
it all I even want to see him right yeah
Iron Man 2 was flat but was still part
of the world
I like to rewatch that I'm never
watching it not hating Iron Man - I know
everyone shits on it well everyone shits
on it cuz it was flat but you know what
like Iron Man 2 actually did a lot of
Avengers world building for us I'll have
to re-watch it it's fine it's just I
know I flat out like three though Oh
three is perfect movies lose the
greatest move which quite a quick
questions as this rich Evans I hear in
this prank call probably not if it's if
it's not one of the best of the work
worst prank calls then no it's not okay
it's a link to a YouTube video that I'm
not going to click on Rob Vader think
Snyder will have Superman resurrected by
Booster Gold Frankenstein and mer Oh
Frankenstein and mer get it
Booster Gold Frankenstein
you know yeah I get him you need a
couple more characters it sound like
myrrh and frankincense yeah yeah a
murmur Booster Gold Frankenstein and
murmur I don't know who murmurs I guess
that's a character that I guess Lex
started with Zod's fingerprints he
wanted access to the ship right I
remember that once he got in he learned
the secrets of the universe and went mad
they established that show him Sean Rick
after they beam information into his
mind and then he starts acting like
crazy immediately after that that would
be how you establish that they don't do
that but I think he acts exactly the
same it seems like a the same before and
after it also seemed like he had
motivation and he'd already been
planning the insane shit he'd been doing
anyway right
like this man Batman fight distraction
helped Lex Lex finish his task or he
gonna just kept doing his tasks and shot
it without throwing Lois Lane off
building comic books that is utter
bullshit that is complete utter bull
utter bullshit there is that is not
shown in the movie he was already
working on that with no interference
from Batman or Superman yes that no idea
what was going on this one I like I
guess you could say that Batman
interfered by stealing the Kryptonite
but but he'd already been manipulating
Batman to fight Superman so that would
have been part of his plan that was part
of his plan manipulating Batman for two
years they clearly established that and
like as far as like distracting them so
he could continue working the fight
lasted five minutes as you would expect
I don't know and like maybe he was
expecting it to be like more drawn out
but you know it was fine it's fine
I would not you know he did far better
than he should have but I would not have
expected Batman to last long I'm not a
plan for that know what never been part
of my plan
no of course not of course not of course
not so yeah
Bruce Wayne goes to a Lex Luthor party
with the intent of stealing information
from Lex Luthor because he knows that
Lex Luthor's got some sneaky going on he
would
yes and he knows that Lex Luthor is
trying to make a weapon to stop Superman
yes and Batman wants that weapon yes
Clark Kent is also at this party yes
why is Clark Kent at this point it
doesn't matter no this is an important
thing he's there because he's a reporter
and he's reporting on the high school
basketball team that Perry White wanted
every way done I kept know he's at the
party why is he at the party I didn't
even think of that
I'm not sure I'm not sure it makes no
sense because they needed to see where
they made Lex Luthor hasn't meet them
there's no reason that Clark Kent is at
this party do they need a scene with me
or do they just have a scene baby
gobbledygook
we will get a Lex is a genius he knows
about metahumans all kinds of things he
knows secrets for a long time he's put a
timer and had it timed exactly to the
birth of tooms Dave doesn't need the
extra time he needs those five minutes
so dooms take he's the one who got
Superman's attention in the first place
Superman was happily living in the
mountain at that point
yeah or do it he was doing some shit if
he just would have not stolen Lois Lane
he would have had days days to finish
doomsday yeah because Superman he had to
retreat in the mountains after Congress
blew up and right the world was exactly
the same because we never seen the
Superman really care about saving human
lives anyway we're better off really
yeah well he had to have that attack
talk with his ghost dad and ghost I was
like fuck man I don't know and Clark is
just like I came here to talk to you
ghosts and ghosts as I'm playing
baseball huh I don't know nothing I
guess I guess he's not gonna save the
occasional space capsule to a droning
funeral music
ah what was the reason Lex bombed the
Capitol building I don't know you tell
me
yeah there's no reason there's no reason
to fail to frame Superman did he want to
frame Superman I can only assume that's
the only thing that makes sense like
Superman goes there for the Congress and
blows up Congress cuz he doesn't care
I I think it was more he wanted to kill
the congresswoman who was stopping his
access to the ship are there better ways
of doing that you would think I see I
don't know why he blew up Congress I
guess he was trying it more manipulate
Batman but how fucking useless was that
I don't know I can't do the new Batman
voice cuz it's good and it's like
digitally enhanced yep it's not it's not
Christian Bale's growl it's much better
yeah it's much better it makes sense
because force ghost right Superman using
about okay I was getting a Batman and
super Canton Bruce Wayne or at a party
why Clark and so it doesn't matter they
meet at the party and they don't know
that they don't know that each others
are superheroes but Lex knows that both
of them are superheroes and that's why
he's so excited but also gal gadot is
there and she is maybe maybe Lex invited
everybody after the movies defense maybe
Lex invited everybody he knew was a
superhero for some reason right because
Lex also knows that yeah Wonder Woman is
a superhero so he invites Princess Diana
it's just fucking with them I don't know
I don't know maybe but then why didn't
he invite Barry Allen maybe you turn it
down yeah I'm just some schmuck I'm
getting right
cyborg is still half of corpses still
hanging up some hooks and Aquaman he
didn't even get the invited dissolves on
the way down like tied into a rock in
town there Aquaman opens it as your
paper dissolves like he didn't laminate
the invite Aquaman is like oh I wonder
what that was I'm a rock that's weird
that's weird I don't like that at all
flesh Oh Cosmo I like this one flash
couldn't get there in time oh yeah no
that's what I'm getting - I know Aquaman
cameo look dumb did you hear David oh
man ever not look dumb sorry does
Aquaman never oh you know in the comics
it's fine they can try and find Rama
fine did you guys hear David s Goyer the
Batman vs Man co-writer back in 2005
said that he was against making Batman
vs Superman because it's like
Frankenstein Meets The Wolfman an
admission they're out of ideas
hey kick it could work as an Avengers
movie yeah it's more along one just
jumping into the Avengers without
bothering to set any of these shit up
right right
so periodic alga dough bags Wonder Woman
like I'm sure the lessons that Ironman
learned in age of Ultron Bob big an
idiot are gonna come into play in Civil
War because this character thing going
on between the films or you can just
just jump right into civil war without
any other superhero movies before that
we'll just introduce you know Iron Man
in the movie you know there was Captain
America will introduce Iron Man and the
rest of the Avengers inspire me all here
now they hate it just make that a movie
ha ha ha you know it's the pasta rule
you see what sticks see what sticks
people people say to really like that
Wonder Woman
I was ambivalent yeah I might my only I
don't Mike didn't like her the only
thing I really hated was she had no
business showing up at the end right
nobody was a mess at that point anyway
yes but in a movie about Batman and
Superman Wonder Woman did not need to
show up at the end and steal the
spotlights from both of our non heroes
right like her her made her main purpose
in the movie was to set up the Justice
League yeah like her and Batman are like
like like her and Batman are talking on
the email right and and she gets all the
files and all the files that she was
trying to steal from Luthor that Batman
stole from Luthor have information on
her the flash cyborg and Aquaman and we
and all of those sequences looked
incredibly cheap and slapped together
you can clearly see Alka man holding his
breath he like has puffed out cheeks
that was my Aquaman impression and it's
horrible and it looks bad is he gonna
drown during the filming of the Aquaman
movie is that gonna be a story that
we're hearing about that would be great
final nail the DCCC you right uh it was
it was awful terrible but that was her
purpose and then she was gonna get on a
plane right and while on a plane and she
has already told Batman or someone she
told someone like I've given up with the
world of men and I don't I don't want to
be involved in your life anymore right
and she's getting on a plane and leaving
metropolis when she sees that a monster
has frickin broken loose that's
something I don't care I really don't
care at this point so she shows up to
fight the monster she's better at hiding
the last hundred years but now but now
they show up she didn't show up when
metropolis was getting destroyed by Zod
oh no no not then that wasn't the right
time but by the way that wasn't just
metropolis they were destroying the
entire Earth and the
last time I checked maybe her plane
couldn't get there in time she was
church's she was booking a flight when
that was going on like in Man of Steel
that actually affected her she would
have died along with everyone else if
the entire earth was terraformed in Man
of Steel
why do they need to terraform the earth
when like Superman was fine he just got
superpowers Zod eventually started to
get superpowers yeah why would the
terraforming yeah that's a really good
question well because if they didn't
terraform the earth they would be
momentarily discomforted before getting
superhuman strength oh but if they did
terraform the earth they they would be
comfortable but no Super Stretch is the
real thing in Man of Steel hate the
fucking movies because when Superman
went into the terraformed area he was
weaker and so they would have terraform
to the earth nobody would have had
superpowers but they'd be fine they
would feel okay but if they didn't
terraformers
all of them would have been momentarily
discomforted have learned how to use all
their abilities and that we would have
had a race of superhumans living on
earth they could have easily taken over
the earth without the giant machines and
they'd have superpowers and they would
all have superpowers forever and be able
to like dominate any any threat that
ever came yeah no shit they would be oh
shit Superman can even like go anywhere
in the universe and because it's a
yellow Sun right the whole universe so
or the whole galaxy we don't know that
this well the gal we don't know that the
galaxy don't think it's quite that fast
the Superman and whoa anywhere the
Yellow Sun shines he can be super strong
okay okay my is my thought so but I
believe the the explanation that they
gave
the movie was that Zod is a nationalist
like a purist okay and says very one
point because Wonder Woman getting on a
plane to fly to Metropolis and she
decides to fight the monster and she
shows up and he and one in one of the
scenes that pissed me off the most is we
hear that line right that does she come
with you know yeah I thought she came
with you
and here's the thing Batman says no I
thought she was with you when Batman
sent her the email telling her to come
fight the monster right Superman doesn't
know who Wonder Woman is at this point
was exactly like Mike said it was in
there so they could have that line in
the trailer
exactly yeah but you know what have it
in the trailer just cut it out you don't
need that in the movie yeah and then
they'll fight The Pajama monster and
it's the lamest fight ever ever fear oh
geez oh my god I'm just a human I don't
belong here at all
that's my bad man in president that's a
great lead-in to the Justice League show
how useless Batman is and in the big
climax to the fighter you know the whole
spear thing has been debated all over
and over I don't even I don't even care
to talk about the stupid spear thing
we'll get into more of that with the
Batman vs. Superman fight the big climax
to the doomsday thing is Batman
momentarily incapacitates doomsday with
his last kryptonite grenade and Wonder
Woman ties him up with her golden lasso
of truth also that is the very first
time we see the golden lasso ever in the
movie whatever not whatever that's
whatever I'm not about in the movie at
this point Oh movie had lost me by this
point this is just this is insult to
injury we
are expected to the movie asks a lot of
us people who can fly people have
super-strength people have tanks and
cars and weird guns and gadgets this and
then this lady comes by and she's also
super strong and has a sword and shield
for some reason and now out of nowhere
in the fight she already has this
monster tied up to a glowing rope
where'd the Rope come from why is the
Rope not breaking that's a weird rope
why is she time up with the Rope that's
it's it's a it's another piece to the
crap puzzle that would be showing
Batman's origin again we know Wonder
Woman's role we see Batman's fuck it
listen we see fuck it we see the Wayne's
get murdered five times in slow motion
but they have never been murdered more
beautifully the Wayne murder has never
ever looked this good we don't need to
see it five times in slow motion we
talked about the bats we'll get there I
want I just want I just my final point
here is take away one of those murders
and and give me a little lasso set up
can you do that but Jack the bats the
bats rich didn't you love how Zack
Snyder completely missed the point of
the bats what what would you say the
points on the bats are Batman's parents
are murdered and his grief he runs and
he falls into the cave into the Batcave
and there are bats in the cave yeah and
then the bats they fly around him and
they've raised him up into the light
right what is it Batman Batman what are
the bats represent the general you know
through its it's different for different
writers but usually the general thing is
Batman was afraid of bats Oh and he he
he owned up to his own fear and now uses
the mantle of the bat to strike fear
into the people that he wants to so the
bat should have represented fear and not
hope it's it's really weird how he
have gotten that so aspect wouldn't it
have been great if instead of the bat
circling him and lifting him up
what if they circled around him and they
dragged him down
what and Batman gets lost and then
Batman is born as all of the bats
fucking burst out of that hole in the
ground and cloud out the Sun what
wouldn't that have been awesome
what young Bruce Wayne
screaming getting the bats gonna suck
them in yeah never great that would have
been great it's off like that once just
bursting out of the hole and filling the
sky and there's nothing but darkness
that would have been so bad bad but and
see this is the thing in the chat
they're saying because Batman is Jesus
but no Superman is Jesus Batman is
supposed to be the man in this story
literally they even fuck up the story
they're trying to tell where Superman is
supposed to be the god Batman is
supposed to be the man and it's man and
God man against God man of god working
together or some shit like that they
can't get their own story straight
because it's just because it's just
ultimately it's just fucking biblical
imagery for its own fucking sake how
does the did Superman Jesus thing
further the story or the character at
all what does it mean other than just
other than just waking off all over the
film what does it mean it's it's in
there
just so the film can seem smarter so
that when people try to criticize the
film other people can say you just don't
get it yep it's too smart for you yep
you-you-you're Marvel fan ball go go
back to your Sunday morning cartoons
Saturday morning whatever yeah I watched
my son because I taped him because I
worked on Saturday morning fuck the
actual fight I do I do you have you have
the world's most clever human being and
you know he does some detective shit in
this movie
that shit this movie and then it can't
be said enough how much I enjoyed Ben
Affleck is Batman Bruce Wayne you have a
character who's defining character he's
a very smart clever intelligent man yes
and then you had this a moveable
powerhouse and how does the the clever
man fight the immovable powerhouse he
hits him with a kitchen sink his
solution to the Superman problem is dumb
brute force his Superman his his
solution to the Superman problem knowing
that Superman is a dumb blunt force
object is to use other dumb blunt force
objects where was the clever trap he
where was the thinking where was the
strategy to be fair he tried some traps
right the first there's a straight one
first there's a Soundwave trap okay and
then there was a machine-gun trap and
then there was a smoke bomb and then
fucking I'm just gonna hit him and now
I'm gonna hit him I'm gonna tie him to a
rope and I'm gonna swing him around the
room that's how I'm gonna fight Superman
also how like I understand that
Superman's not supposed to necessarily
be clever but how he is you just have to
make him dumb when he fights Batman but
how dumb are they making him okay so
Superman's supposed to be
extraordinarily smart and clever he's a
writer that's true well but that doesn't
necessarily make him clever but he may
be smart like he's not a kid Ian he's
not an idiot but he so he drops down his
whole plan Superman who does not like
Batman discovers that his mother has
been kidnapped and tortured by Lex
Luthor right his first instinct is to
get the murderous bat vigilante to help
him which makes no sense makes no sense
Superman you are Superman he's Superman
you need Batman's help to save one
person well this Batman this sick man
does because he doesn't save anybody
it's just his personal policy even if
it's his mother I can't save her
somebody else do that I don't say people
do that I don't do anything that's not
on my own self-interest but this is in
your self-interest saving your mother I
can't fuck my mother because she's not
really like related let's hit the bat do
it
so he's sent to fight off the bat man
mike says Lex's fight the Batman
kill the Batman or I kill your mother
right so Superman's like starts flying -
exactly I guess I have to do there's no
other option besides this so he's flying
- the Batman who has who is sitting
there waiting for Superman not really
knowing if Superman is on his way right
yeah Batman has an elaborate trap system
including a kryptonite spear knife and
what was Batman's plan to lure Superman
to him he turned the bat-signal yeah it
works it only worked because Lex Luthor
sent him there it was a very fortunate
convince coincidence for Batman a very
fortunate coincidence what if Lex Luthor
did this on the next day and Batman was
just standing all night in the rain like
god I hope Superman shows up unless you
bring me the head of the bat yeah super
it flies off yeah second Raider he comes
back he's got Martha this well here she
is Lex I'm taking in of course he
doesn't know where Martha Kent is yes he
knows where Lois Lane is falling off a
building I was gonna say he's nowhere
near there he doesn't know she's gonna
be thrown off a building but he just
hears that if only he had some sort of
heightened sense of hearing and sight
then he could spend this hour looking
for Martha right meanwhile Batman so
standing on the roof huh please take his
time Oh
check the satellites do you see
for me what do you mean he's taking Lex
Luthor to jail he's fucking turned on
the bat-signal why isn't he here all
this rain started to short out my suit
oh I'm starting to rust shit dude did
you pack my lunch ever I need an exit I
have to go to the bathroom I really
thought he would be here by this time I
had to go to the bath so oh shit my mom
really sorry Batman Bruce I had this
whole thing at Lex Luthor actually Lex
Luthor was trying to build a monster I
stopped it all though because I'm
Superman super strong and fast and I'm
really great at everything so don't
worry about me like I got this super
Bruce sorry you're not Lex Luthor haha
weird so okay okay but okay he's he's
dumb Superman is now a really dumb oh
yeah Serena's not really dumb he goes to
fight or he goes to get Batman's help
because what he doesn't need Matt's help
doesn't he that but okay I guess I'll
listen Oh Lex Luthor because that's what
I have to hear that's it okay let's just
say let's just say that he does that
right he decides so so in Superman's
head he needs to now convince Batman to
work with him to save his mom yeah even
though he doesn't need to do that okay
Superman is now really really dumb for
some reason yes so now he's done this so
now he lands and he sees Batman in an
Iron Man suit
and he tries to explain to Batman what's
going on but Batman starts hitting him
with the traps right
he's like brute because he's like Bruce
we got to talk I have a problem and he
steps on the first trap and no sound
waves no trap but he destroys that
really really easily and then he
destroys the second trap really really
easily right mm-hmm but he also stops
trying to explain what's going on
it got really bad he got really mad yes
and and here's where we get to another
in movie huge logic flaw he then
confronts Batman and and for what he
knows what does Superman know about
Batman at this point he knows buddy like
he knows like what Batman looks like
right yeah so Superman now sees Batman
in a giant armor costume and he gets his
hands on that costume and we already
know that Superman can rip a car in half
he does not take the armor off of Batman
or the movie couldn't had a fight I
don't care these are like these are all
the like but this is this is my problem
is even in what should be a really fun
action sequence he's making this the
characters are making dumb decisions
this is just dumb yet very very
expensive fight choreography yes that's
all it is it's not a major fundamental
problem it's just a waste of a lot of
money just going down that drain but
this I can't even enjoy the fight this
was the main event this is what the
movie has billed us toward Batman is
gonna fight mother fucking Superman and
Superman does something he has already
ripped apart one of Batman's machines
I can just imagine Jim and Colin working
on this and just hating themselves for
working on it yeah that's what I picture
absolutely yeah
and then the dumb fight happens it's a
dumb fight some of its kind of cool it's
mostly really dumb it ends with Batman
hitting Superman over the head with a
toilet a sink a sink everything and the
kitchen sink Jack he's the Batman Rip's
a sink off of a wall and bash his
Superman in the head with him and then
right but that was gonna be really
effective big dope don't you put that
spear like 100 yards away you keep the
spear on the other side of town because
you know the fights gonna bring you to
the spirit you just know that he just
knows that then you can dig all that
spirit Superman don't keep that behind
your cape and don't use that like first
thing every kind of incapacitate
Superman you want you want to hit him
right with the fist types why just cuz
you want to do that because you got
bleed you could make him really bleed
with a kryptonite spear you know oh oh
but you might be thinking to yourself oh
well maybe he wanted to hide it because
Superman has x-ray vision but Batman
doesn't know he has x-ray vision and
Superman doesn't know what kryptonite is
and Superman doesn't know kryptonite is
and three times Superman does not use
his x-ray vision he doesn't you see the
first trap he doesn't use the second
trap and he doesn't use it when fucking
Batman uses a smoke bomb on Superman and
Superman he gets lost to be fair he
might have seen the traps that Batman
was gonna unleash but he just didn't
care because he knew they would be
completely ineffective as they were sure
but then now he's attacking Batman
Batman throws a smoke grenade Superman
could see through the smoke grenade cuz
he has x-ray vision but he still loses
the Batman also Batman is in a giant
clunky metal suit and Superman has super
hearing
yes Oh where'd he go specifically built
to be a ninja armor soon because
specifically built for that ninjas are a
volte and alfred was working out he was
thinking this is
this is so fucking stupid come come come
come
where did that Batman go who's gonna use
this money to build a hospital that's an
outfit was thinking we could have
completely rebuilt metropolis with all
the money raised and stepping on
punishing the man who accidentally
destroyed metropolis shit where did he
go where did he go George it these are
all the things it's like again oh it was
a lead smoke grenade you fucks
so Batman's going to die shortly after
the movie of lead poisoning it was a
lead
smoke grenade how was Batman aware of
Superman's x-ray vision is was this a
widely known fact well it's in the
comics of course Batman read the comic
books as we all know Ben Affleck is a
huge comic book geek so Ben Affleck
knows this so Batman knows this Superman
it was going easy on Batman like playing
hide-and-seek with a three-year-old
maybe again
Superman's only motivation was to get
Batman to help him save his mother or
kill him because he had that line of
speech that you know the world makes
terrible people or something like that
even though he's already a terrible
person who murders people yeah what was
it why the world makes everyone bad
surely or something stupid even though
he's already a jerk he's already clearly
and firmly established to be a super
jerk he's a huge jerk lead dust fairy I
let there's an like in Christopher Reeve
Superman Lex Luthor highs kryptonite in
a leadbox yeah and he knows that
Superman can't see through lead because
we have a scene where he's giving an
interview to Lois Lane and she writes an
article yep
there's a very bright of Superman very
well he did yeah but that see yeah he's
good he thinks everybody's good right
more too honest for his own good set is
set up something is set up earlier in
the movie and it pays off later in the
movie set up the payoff you could just
have me I guess we could have known each
other we can be is it really 1:00 a.m.
with this shit ball yeah have we been
talking about Batman vs Superman for two
fucking hours
yeah I'm sorry everybody I'm sorry it
went this late thoughts an elephant it
was great
Jeremy Irons is great everything with
Batman was pretty decent yeah and we
didn't talk about much we liked there is
the single greatest Batman action scene
of all time when Batman goes to sleep
Batman goes said Martha
other than the guns hey Batman murders
in this one Michael Keaton also murdered
yeah sure you have to be comfortable
with Batman being a murderer there's a
really good action sequence I said the
killing Superman plot would have been a
lot stronger if this were a Batman who
were adverse to killing this but Zack
Snyder what a death so so great Batman
Batman has never fought more like Batman
than he did in that scene exactly he's
just not encumbered or both he's not
gadget know he uses his sneaker ease
flippin looks amazing super fun action
see if you can just get that action
sequence wisely basically yeah it's
great it ends on a dumb joke there are
two dumb jokes in this movie and they
are out of context and the hate and I
hate it
bad Punisher right bat yes Batman
killing was the least of the problems
with this movie this is a Batman who
kills and you just have to be okay with
that this is not the Batman the problem
is though with a Batman who kills and
who is willing to use guns yeah not like
he'll incidentally but just blatantly
use guns
he should be using guns all the time
beep like a part of his his equipment
yes they're very effective yeah because
they're very effective but whatever
whatever yeah yeah also Superman dies
because Superman dies at the end because
they wanted to have that little scene
where maybe he's not dead but every like
everybody knows that Superman died in
the comics and then came back like we're
like we're fucking concerned that he's
not gonna come back
especially what it's like the first
movie in the universe in the Justice
League universe let's kill off the most
popular and profitable character ever he
won't be coming back
nope not or maybe of course these
fucking well they can bring him back
evil when dark sound resurrects him and
then he'll have an excuse to murder
people I know a lot of people in the
Justice League movie this was a movie
made by dumb people for dumb people to
make dumb people think that they're
smart like whatever whatever city is the
Flash's city because the flash isn't
terribly popular yeah whatever Keystone
or is that Green Lantern whatever the
flash city is Superman's at our fucking
level in Star City
okay Superman's got a fucking level star
city okay they're sterling whatever I
don't
DC's fictional cities are just weird
it's dumb they're kind of weird DOM is
weird central city is that in central
okay it will be leveled I'm gonna say
specifically Flash's city cuz that will
get flash involved that's the only way
he's gonna get much yep great Star City
is Green Arrow you're right
coast city who's in Coast City
I think that's lentor oh yeah that might
be Green Lantern what if he resurrects
as a wiser Superman that has actually
upbeat about his role no no he's cuz
he's gonna be busy with The Fountainhead
so they'll get a different director and
he resurrects as the Superman everybody
loves know he's gonna resurrect his
super murder man right under the control
of Darkseid but then the Batman Oh
science a way to get him back to normal
after Superman's been like killing
people for half
movie and I'll get Superman back to
normal and then he'll murder half the
city while trying to stop Darkseid it's
probably gonna happen dumb because dumb
don't it is it's it's a it's it's a dumb
movie it's a dumb movie and it's it's
the worst kind of demo because I love
dumb movies Superman's gonna put his
hands over like Darkseid's eyes then the
Amega beams are gonna blow up Darkseid's
head oh sure it's a dumb movie that
thinks it's smart yep
and like I love dumb movies I'll watch
the rock any day of the week I will
watch face off any day of the week I
fucking love dumb movies but you gotta
know what you are what do we think of a
flick writing a Batman movie Affleck is
a talented writer and director and I
like this version of Batman I would like
to see more of this version of Batman
not only his bat is Ben Affleck a
talented writer and director he's also a
huge comic book nerd who would probably
be faithful to Batman in very real ways
everybody should be okay with Ben
Affleck writing Batman
it'll be it would be it would be great
like a me word for the fuck some names
oh shit I can't believe it's 1:00 in the
morning
yep there's a lot of shit to talk about
that film it's a turd
oh wait hold on uh let's see here
gobbledygook says I'm glad the movie
makes these kinds of discussions thanks
guys be sure to watch it again in 3d and
get those blu-rays oh and and for more
answers you could try DC Universe Online
for the ps4 it's free you bugs thanks
gobbling gooks and just remember
something about living outside of the
movie okay what so many of them
mentioned like shame the movies making
so much money I heard an interesting
fact yes 166 billion over the weekend
yeah which is fine it's had
had like the second biggest drop-off
from Friday to Saturday which was
matched only by the Fantastic Four movie
and then the drop from Saturday to
Sunday was the biggest of all time yes
so it's falling fast oh yeah yeah it's I
just thought that was interesting I
don't know if it's good the trend will
continue but it's just interesting the
the the biggest aspect of the movie that
makes me the most depressed is is
Superman Superman has isn't is not what
I would call a complicated hero
it's neither super nor man sure well I
mean the Superman that I love the Super
Dome yeah the student man that I like is
not a complicated here yeah he's he's a
good guy who's doing his best to do good
things yes and that's it yes he has
these powers and he's just doing what he
can't do a good thing but he was raised
right and he wants to use his power for
the betterment of people that's it
that's it yep and the drama in his life
comes from him not being able to be
everywhere at once and that that's the
Superman that I love and that my the
most depressing thing about this movie
is this Superman is a dickhead the
Superman who could easily take over the
earth
yeah he just wants to go home at the end
of the day there was Kansas farm house
and say hi to mom ha maybe that's a
dinner with mom maybe maybe I'll go on
that date with Lois Lane yeah yeah but
first I need to stop this nuclear
missile oh there's people in trouble I
better do something because I care about
people yeah yeah that's Superman
that's the hero I want to believe in and
and this Superman Jack is a giant
dickhead that's the hero we deserve
that's the we deserve the hero we need
right now big levels metropolis right
right
visitor 115 months in a row Ches 87 16
months in a row Lucas Ducas eggs Mensa
21 fucking months in a row
the real Quaid 17 months in a row crab
Oh bother
smiling strange 19 months in a row
maniac 12 15 21 fucking months in a row
Caesarion fart today X Oh 14 months in a
row
Master Kenobi double oh seven twenty two
fucking months in a row just like for
you talk about crappy mood for two hours
fisted buy dope smoke sixteen months in
a row saggin one two two zero sagon
Sagan like Carl Sagan Sagan say again I
got this saga end 1 2 2 0 14 months in a
row I know you're gonna do that
something like that not exactly what you
I'm just really getting is getting a
very say Gann the dude 1944 15 months in
a row sausage sausage Kasim Kasim
this meets lab 18 months in a row otere
both eyes out Hicks or mixer nicely done
thank you
Hartman's thank you thank you beefcake
thank you for the updated version of the
torture it's working it's working right
beef hey beef
TCL p99 18 months in a row tor bear
night night
tor tor brew night night Tauber night
night
tor burn a tight NIT can i GHD nice now
you'll see this by october Tober sober
night night Dober named and ice bone
badger 20 fucking months in a row lured
iock dr. Rufus gobbledygook hey
gobbledygook s--
20 fuckin months in a row I made it into
fucking territory he made it into the
fucking congratulations congratulate
happily good sky dandy 18 months in a
row galactic Shaun and chaos 14:28 thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it
it's true we really do and we hope to
see you guys on Sunday it'll be a weird
one and don't forget about Sunday
once again leftover beefcake thank you
for the twat sure amazing program that
he made
that the program this is great all the
time thank you thank you guys for coming
out on Sunday good luck with the clown
makeup
