20XX Xtreme (Part 1)
June 1, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wkesh4ub6Rs

what I am starting we're going it's a
done deal it's it's done did things are
happening
I'm scared things are things I'm
confused what do you what are you scared
and confused about mostly snakes yep I
kind of they move I don't I'm never kind
you know like I understand that they
wiggle and they constrict in it because
then they move yes but it like it's so
foreign from how I move I never quite
felt comfortable with it but I never you
know what I never understood what's that
how the fuck does something evolved to
do that why why would evolution ever say
you know legs well remember evolution
isn't always about what if we were just
a torso evolution isn't always about
what's better it's about what's more
efficient or convenient if it just
happens to work better or more
importantly if it doesn't take away from
anything okay so they just never you
know never needed let's make sure my
stream is closed oh yeah close the
stream close the stream how's everyone
doing tonight hi everybody welcome this
game is called 20xx it has nothing to do
with Mega Man it won't even remind you
of Mega Man no and see like its
evolution is not about what reproduces
the best it's about what doesn't
reproduce with the least you know like
it's a little backwards thing until it's
not always about like the best making it
to the top it's about the thing that
doesn't die which is a very different
very different way but usually the best
the the best happens to make it but it
really is just about not dying
so I assign it into stuff hi hi alien
devil does your fancy show them your
fancy ass control I died I splurged rich
I splurged on the Xbox one you're gonna
shove it right in the camera right we're
tiny little tiny little thing I splurged
on the Xbox one pro controller and it is
so fucking beautiful I love it so hard
it's got this show or show the the the
the flappers
it's got removable flappers on the back
yours is probably the first player but
we can do multiplayer later you play for
a little bit I'll say hi to people I can
do that sister character who was in no
way she's in no way like Mega Man this
is No yeah oh yes the Xbox pro
controller is a hundred and fifty
dollars which is admittedly a ridiculous
price it's an absolutely ridiculous
price and if you want to play it
wirelessly on your computer it's another
thirty bucks for the wireless adapter
ridiculous I I kind of love it
I kind of kind of love it it's been
great the flappers the flappers are
significantly superior to that of the
steam controller so you have to buy a
stupid adapter for wireless that's stuff
for wireless yeah it comes with a very
nice USB cable long sturdy USB cable and
of course you can play it wirelessly on
your Xbox right out of the box but you
know how it is
whoa nuts that's not what I wanted so in
any case I got is for me is just a
little thing for me and I thought uh you
know nice no I don't want them nauseous
why on earth did I not go wireless
I mean mostly when I'm playing games my
computer is a foot and a half away from
me so I like I don't need to go wireless
and you know I got it for four Xbox
playing and because I got the Xbox one
so I don't really need it I got the
stupid targeting thing I hate that this
is the ugliest Megaman game I've ever
seen so so she is mighty fucking nine no
no it is not let's be serious here here
but here's the the unique thing about
this particular not a Mega Man game is
the levels are procedurally generated
some of the levels don't exactly make a
lot of sense until you realize that they
are procedurally generated so wait so
it's it's forever Mega fuck oh fuck oh
fuck so fucked
nice there you go you got it
y mighty fucks nine sultan sanctuary is
uglier beefcake you are absolutely
pardon me correct yeah mighty number 9
looks way uglier than this like I would
rather have this then mighty number 9
this is somewhat reminiscent of actual
art from Mega Man that's not good I'll
take that Jax trunk eyes you ain't that
drunk I am no I'm not drunk I'm just
rich and I recorded a thing earlier and
so I'm a little talked out and I just
need to finish my coffee and then I'll
be ready to go again
I got large nuts there's nobody excited
about my large nuts
striker Sultan sanctuary is an amazing
game but it looks ugly as sin it's a
great game this looks better than mighty
number 9 this is this looks better than
my number which looks like a piece of
shit it does it's got that really ugly
3d that doesn't need to be 3d look 3d on
a 2d plan yeah
hi how might oh it was nice so here we
have 20xx procedurally generated room
not megaman roguelike not megaman yes
exactly
blind mighty number nine looks like a
student game made in unity yes that's
exactly what it looks like i know it
keeps getting it keeps getting delayed
might at number nine but it's coming out
soon i want to say if i remember
correctly it is coming out rather soon
megaman like roguelike like yeah you
know what you're right that's a fair
point as opposed to this which was a
student game made in flash but you know
the sprites are cool this looks like an
old megaman game and if you're gonna you
know artistically this game looks nicer
mmm-hmm i'd rather i sometimes i I can't
agree with rich for a certain style of
games you want the nice sprite animation
and not the for the clunky 3d look there
are games on a 2d plane with 3d
characters that I think look good yeah
new Super Mario Brothers doesn't bother
me new Super Mario Brothers if you guys
ever played the game shadow complex I
think that's a good-looking game but
when you're going for like big cartoony
stuff like this and this this can work
nice too how come when you played they
were dropping health left in front right
because it changes every time rich
roguelike
and I really need that nut down there
and I can't get it now imitation is the
most sincere form of flattery oh shit
that's what they say that's exactly what
they say
the game does like me better than
Richard sure it does that's true
nopal buoyant I did not call Mega Man a
roguelike this game 20xx is a Mega Man
roguelike every level is procedurally
generated but it uses mega man mechanics
but it's certainly not Mega Man this
game right here is a Mega Man roguelike
and enough cash Armour all right so uh
what's that what's happening everybody
let's go out what's good what's going on
can I can't tell you guys how excited I
am about overwatch and how much I'm
loving overwatch as everybody in the
world is loving overwatch I'm sure
except for me well that's not your type
of game everyone who was excited about
over watching the first place is very
excited about overwatch cuz I got talk
rich you got to fill the space those
Christians they really love Jesus that's
very interesting those Democrats really
like socialized medicine really that's
very interesting those publicans very
like money well yeah more so I'm
understanding you know it's it's a game
with a lot
oh fuck you look at that or that oh wow
there's a net game so it's totally worth
it nice overwatch is a game with a lot
of characters and figuring out which
character works best for which situation
you know that's part of that's part of
overwatch and and I'm starting to
understand that because I really like
support classes and games like that and
this game has like like four different
support characters and not all of them
work well for every map or for every
side of the map because there's attack
there's defense there's capture the
point there's there's payload Maps and
so it's it's different and just figuring
out all the things the different
characters do it's been a really fun
overwatch experience hey brick
whoa typecasting what she just gonna do
that till it dies you see it wears not
oh I did see that Halliburton barn rich
what did you read the GOG news no the
GOG today has said that if you you can
link your gog.com account with your
steam account and certain games if you
bought them on Steam you will be able to
download the DRM free copies from GOG
not if not every game certain Ravello
purrs but if you link and and they will
add a future games they will add more
games to come I like that I like that a
lot I probably have some redundancies or
just think there's things I actually
ended up with on Steam okay then I found
out there were in GOG I want them just
in case yeah so you can you can it's a
very limited number of games right now
but they promise to add more in the
future it seems like a really good deal
especially for people who are concerned
about these steam license look at this
power look at this look at this item
this powerup is that plumber had this is
a strange Boosh both jumping and
plumbing abilities it's a it's you know
what that is that's that's a strong
that's a strong showing from gog they
are they're going full hog into the drm
free zone good as the steam alternative
which is nice we options options are
nice some day I swear to God Sunday
we're gonna need an alternative yeah
it's gonna happen it's happening now
this is nice the GOG is making a little
a little space for itself
you know it's offering what's team
doesn't ownership ownership yes it does
what the steam don't Gog does what
steamed
geez yeah that's gonna be a problem
later and I gotta hold on to all of my
goddamn health check all of it
they went full dog yep gog has some good
sales too and you know you can you can
dude
GOG galaxy which has a lot of the social
aspects that steam offers if you are I
know you don't like that but some people
like that if you if you like having a
game hub if you like achievements and
stuff like that GOG galaxy is a fine
alternative it doesn't have the
robustness that steam has but gog is is
is really making a great stand for
itself gabe newell will release
half-life 3 but then deactivate steam
forever five minutes later no you're
acting like they're gonna make half-life
3
oh that's number one no Gabe Gabe likes
the games we never have to worry about
Gabe you can't count on gay being there
forever that's that's that's where I was
gonna go with that well how the fuck
purple is off-limits
the the point to the point ease yeah oh
that's gravity thing oh shit
Green is a gravity Green is a gravity
thing is there a gravity thing up here I
don't see any gravity thing up there can
you do a super jump oh no up to that one
if you do a press press slide and jump
at the same time can do a bigger jump no
okay no all right
jump and shoot yep it's jump and shoot
lady not jump and shoot man this time
has everyone heard about brie Larson
being rumored for Captain Marvel you
know a brie Larson zipang kind of been
rumored for everything she's everywhere
I'm not super into Captain Marvel she's
in space now and I'm not big on space
comics okay I can't afford any 822 oh my
god nope nope nope nope I'm how do you
know how many you have Oh
our heads are probably covering it oh
sure okay suppose we move our heads at
the other side there doesn't appear to
be anything on the other side Morin no I
or you know very we have very little
experience with pen-and-paper
role-playing games
I have zero I actually I tried it a
friend's party once they didn't
impromptu kind of D&D; a not really me I
think it's all about the group you're
with maybe III tried it I tried it for a
couple nights with a bad group and it
ended poorly because the group didn't
want me there and I wanted to learn and
a friend of mine who played D&D; a lot
brought me in and the group was not very
welcoming of new people so
ah so you know I've won I've always
wanted to but I don't know if it'll
happen anytime soon
I don't know enough people who'd be
willing locally oh you prick oh god what
was that I got killed by a death gorilla
spend my nuts yeah and yes I did I did
read about that rich I'm about to I'm
about to drop some Star Wars rogue one I
know you don't care yeah you don't care
rich doesn't care about that they have
announced pretty substantial reshoots oh
really
for rogue one and it's you know it's
coming out soon some somebody fucked up
somewhere in the rogue one production
pipeline and and now they got some
reshoots on their hands and never a good
sign no no never a good time especially
so close to release I mean there's a
couple months isn't it
five months next winter this winter this
one four weeks of reshoot is a
substantial reshoot I forget they have
two chef's product out every year most
movies do have reshoots usually they're
a little bit sooner to release and four
weeks is a lot of reshoots rogue one is
December 16th and it's not pushing back
I'm almost shocked they're sticking with
the winner do the the winter blockbuster
thing gotta go winter blockbuster I have
reshoots ever been a thing before the
last year's whoever whoever mentioned
that reshoots happen all the time is
correct reshoots do happen all the time
usually it's a little earlier in the
post-production cycle you know
especially for such an effects-heavy
film as we can all assume rogue one is
they have a lot of post work to do so
the fact that they're doing reshoot to
this late doesn't necessarily bode well
for them triple shot hopefully it was
worth it
Meeta boom thanks to rich says leftover
beefcake yes thanks to me free for
uploading the clown stream or oops
I mean his stardew valley solo streaming
to youtube that stream could have been
quite the circus but it turned out great
like you know when they made samurai cop
they made sure to have enough time for
the suri shoots that's right the the
famous the famous samurai cop wing story
because of unexpected reshoots it
doesn't mean the movies gonna be bad but
it's never good news right more so
because the plot you know the plan
got change delayed into production and
that could mean actually a good thing
what's that there's there's a famous
story about American Beauty you use the
American Beauty that Kevin Spacey movie
where he likes to masturbate in the
shower then every shoots that had
massive rewrites and reshoots because
that movie was supposed to open up with
a courtroom scene and then the entire
movie was going to be a flashback to you
know what led up to the courtroom scene
if you have seen American Beauty you
know what I'm talking about and they
decided late in the game to change
things up a little bit and I think you
know they change it up for the better
has it aged horribly American Beauty has
aged horribly they say yeah I believe it
I have actually fused to believe that
yeah you heard it here first
Powers deal more damage mmm is this a
megaman gaym x asks pope no no Alex this
is certainly not a megaman game why
would you say that this is 20xx this is
nothing like a megaman game not a
megaman game
ooh I like that ragged scribe American
Beauty aged like a plastic black bag
blowing in the wind what's what's what's
aged poorly about it just uh who knows
who knows it's was that 90s or was that
early ex American Beauty can't remember
anymore
oh that with your triple blaster anyway
you know it doesn't matter the point is
American Beauty I think everyone will
agree is a fine movie eight whether it's
aged horribly or not is another story
and it had rewrites and reshoots and
that's an okay so reshoots don't
necessarily mean a bad thing but at what
it does confirm is a change in direction
and that late in the game it could be a
bad thing it was 1999 American Beauty
all right right on the cusp
you're I mean emmechelle you're right
tremors is timeless movie gold everyone
agrees on that did space cop have
reshoots that's really hard the whole
time we were making it the entire shoot
of space cap was a reshoot technically
the whole movie is reshoot yes I can't
die now I've got too much power yeah oh
yeah you're doing great
the space cop has not aged well you're
right
there's nothing up there
no you know holy crap
nice core body attack kills might
restore oh and you know what your armor
does get your armor does change with
your power ups okay which is neat
oh wait I'll just get across this
obviously I'm not
feeding frenzy has not aged well Wow
listen that's a different tale
no budget movies never age well feeding
frenzies frenzied age great female we're
talking about homeless oh whoa holy I've
got so much good shit rich you have so
much to live for
yes we are gonna play mighty number nine
when it comes out I did I backed mighty
number 9 I am a Kickstarter backer to
mighty number 9
I'm a that might have been an impulse
kickstart back you were getting yeah
yeah yeah at the register you see you
see mighty number 9 there with next to a
pack of gum it's like I always use
akagi's pack of gum
but yes we do plan on playing it when it
comes out god this is like having four
flat cannons just this guy you know says
I need more non-superhero comic
recommendations now that I read all of
preacher in like three days
Jack have you made any more commercials
for big vape lately so uh so first I get
easy answer for me is no I have not I
kept pitching them great ideas including
some from rich Evans some brilliant
ideas and big vape wanted nothing to do
with it but rich anymore non-superhero
comic recommendations
no okay 90% of the comics they make are
superhero comics it's true
holy fuck
oh yeah like I don't know if that counts
but Hellboy cowboy is technically
superhero super it's a superhero comic
but you should read how White's it's fun
a lot of fun
yeah everyone says trans Metro Politan
yeah is the is the one to read I have
not read it so I cannot confirm nor deny
a help the Hellboy movie I'm sure is
aged poorly the comics that are great
Hellboy comics are fantastic
mostly for that art style just striking
art style they're fun stories and
everything too but very striking
King Vidya that's I think that's fair
like Miss Marvel King Vidya says I've
read some miss Marvel lately and it's
cute just not for me
and I can definitely see that it's it's
probably written for teenage girls which
is why I love it so much at least you're
being on I you know I sometimes
sometimes the simple stuff is nice but I
can see it not being for everyone I
really like Miss Marvel I think I think
it's a good story
classic spider-man more soap opera than
anything you know kind of discovering
their powers a defeatable hero you know
you need you can't have anything too
powerful from the get-go I do I fans
been going strong for many years
sure I do also like buff guys you're
right Superman has been going strong for
many years I don't read Superman though
many people do jackie is confirmed for
loving Taylor Swift do you guys know
that about me
so I don't know if that was sarcasm or
you were just pointing that out to
people who did not know my love for Tay
sway
what do I think of Conan the Barbarian
love asks hork horse cock kick-ass kona
the movies are great I know we just came
off of comic book talk and so I don't
know if there is a Conan the Barbarian
comic book I'm sure there is right
I know Kurt music wrote war a while back
okay
I think it was just adapting the
original Howry name Robert E Howard
stories oh sure the novel's YA novels
exactly weren't there Conan novels oh
there was like hope stories and pulp
magazines I think us how they originally
appeared oh okay
but I like the co2 movies a lot everyone
likes the Conan Louise fuck man even Red
Sonja I'll take it
Lily Jack do you think taste way could
take Adele in a bare-knuckle fistfight
fuck no man listen sometimes you got to
go with the heavier fighter
I'm not saying Adele is is is fat I'm
saying she has she has the weight
advantage she has more weight to throw
around in her punches
yeah Adele would fucking oh I think I'm
kicking too much ass I don't know if
there's a thing rich for kicking too
much ass rich knows who adele is rich
they're betting money that you don't
know who wrote Skyfall I know she's a
singer she wrote say she's got a very
beautiful singing voice she does have a
very beautiful singing voice can you
Nate so here's the can't name anything
other than Skyfall you can't name
anything other than Skyfall think about
you know know take a moment I can't Wow
okay well there you go there you go he
knows who Adele is though ah I'm not
supposed to go up there
oh you're probably supposed to time it
nice goo
well photo says is this game just what
mighty number nine should have been yes
we don't know yet because we haven't
played mighty number 9 but it seems that
way this you know mighty number 9 is
going to have crafted levels these are
procedurally generated and so you know
we might find that the crafted levels
they are better but who knows
Jackson is saying that Adele is fat I am
big fat man i I you know what I don't
know if I've ever seen
Adele like I've heard her songs and I
you know I've seen like pictures of her
but I don't know if I've ever like seen
a full-body picture so I cannot say
whether she is overweight I just know
she is larger than taste way so
shadow elite 5 says Jack what do you
think of mr. Edie kappa i think that
rest in peace Alan Ladd jr. the guy not
that the guy who did the voice with a
horse but the guy in mr. ed Oh recently
passed away
Oh also the voice of Scrooge McDuck I
saw that I saw that oh that was the same
guy yeah oh very sad very sad they're
not too sad because he was like well
into his 90s so yeah yeah good run he
said yeah he's in the range of had a
good run
not a good run you know as part of some
very memorable characters and I know and
anonymous I was a very big arena
where am I
I couldn't even see myself and all this
crap that was bullshit I didn't say it
was bullshit anonymous I don't
understand I'm sorry
let's see here speaking of scrooge
mcduck he had a great game made by
capcom capcom also made Megaman X have
you heard of megaman x corrupted nope by
the way this is nothing like megaman
people keep talking about Megaman it's
weird
look very weird does Megaman have
different playable characters what oh
you can play as a guy no I'm a red guy
with a sword that's nothing like megaman
nothing that's great that's great no no
it's not zero that's not zero that is
red guy what's his name ace that's ace
that is that is just a red guy with a
sword you can't copyright red guy with
the sword nothing like megaman oh oh and
no i have not had time to check out
sunless sea yet i know people had
recommended sunless sea and they'd also
recommend it what was the first person
shooter that they were recommending us
after after we after our love of doom
Shadow Warrior
Wolfenstein shower there's another one I
haven't saved at home under under list
of stuff we need to play I'm so gonna
miss that's fry shot oh no I mean how
powerful you were - you did so many plus
damages overwatch overwatch is great I'm
really enjoying overwatch where it's
just like multiplayer online on the
games and that's Rich's thoughts on
overwatch but I fucking love overwatch
class-based
team shooter that emphasizes teamwork
and more importantly emphasizes playing
the objective which is great I'm having
a great time playing it I'm have a great
time learning all the different
characters the ups and downs what works
best in a team situation it's a fun
fucking fun game fun fun fucking game
great bright world great characters fun
characters
a bunch of unlockable stuff but all the
unlockable stuff is cosmetic and so you
know everyone it's an even playing field
but if you play more you can unlock kind
of rare or cosmetic stuff which is nice
Wow they can damage you yeah fell on my
damn head yeah just this from above
she's great
that's a great character so sometimes
like the greatest characters just have
one weapon fair out her Ferro or
whatever her name is you know she has
his rocket that's her only weapon is a
rocket launcher one that single rocket
launcher can make a whole game I'm
mumbling I was I was mumbling because I
was talking about over watching we were
talking about that a little earlier so
Jackie just convinced me to buy
overwatch well great TNG after day I'm
having an absurd amount of fun playing
it but I was super into Team Fortress 2
and you know I team-based shooters that
emphasize teamwork I think are in in our
rare commodity so to me it was just what
I needed after Team Fortress 2 got a
little too bloated for its own good so
if you can like plate plate Team
Fortress 2 you can play for free fuck
man play 54 just to find a vanilla
server though find a server that doesn't
have all those million gazillion weapons
and you'll have a great time and you can
play for free over but you'll find more
people playing overwatch right now
probably
yeah not a lot of gamemodes right now
but hopefully we'll get that some more
servers and some more game modes i do
also like the shiny blizzard booty
yep well all of the all of the ladies in
overwatch surely have a nice posterior
bud butt plate Team Fortress 2 Team
Fortress 2 is free right now and we can
run on just about any computer so it's
free you fucks it's free of bugs and
it's and vanilla tf2 is still a
wonderful wonderful game
my problem with tf2 is is the it got
bloated with all of its extra crap
it is for you fuck that's right
now overwatch is not free Team Fortress
2 is free pay attention people don't pay
attention pay a fucking tension I think
so much effort I said I said that
million zillion times overwatch is a
great game but if you won't play tf2
which is still a great game vanilla it's
free bad gamer Korean says here's to the
jack upgrade your PC and play overwatch
on PC with me Fonda yes so that's a two
thousand dollar fund so that's a two
thousand dollar tip right there no I was
checking the specs like like I could
probably run them you know my graphics
card is older I mean I have an old
computer it's an older computer but I'm
looking into new stuff I just bought I
just got that power but the tank this
will bring my normal attack power up
with the special attack power down No
well you use your normal yeah yeah way
more oh it's not ideal it's not ideal
they're having fun with me saying Team
Fortress 2 is free you fucks you fucks
Alex hate says rich but I have an
autographed photo of you that also
includes max landis and two other
people's signature I can't tell who they
are though do you remember who else
signed it it's a photo of you and max
landis I don't remember taking a photo
with or is that a space cuff or somebody
is that a space cop poster there's any
more information on this photo sculpt
the house I can't remember like posing
for a photo with Max and autographing it
for somebody else I just don't recall
this I'm talking my head but I know the
best memory in the world some give me
give me some info and scott the house'
is scolding me for buying a very
expensive controller that could have
gone yeah to a pc fund basically if it's
a photo with me and max landis the only
other people who are gonna be in the
photo with me we were you even around
that any of those days yeah yeah wasn't
me though is probably Mike and J yeah
good Mike J Jesse and Josh yeah and you
are the only other people I would have
been in a photo with max landis in but
if there are any other signatures on it
it's probably Mike and J problem unless
I got signed after the fact that I don't
know I guess unless max just had some of
his friends I mean yeah I mean it's a
still of rich from I'm gonna make wine
out of your testicles max landis
wouldn't be in that why didn't why is
that signed how did you want and what
photo from I'm gonna make wine out of
your test statistic holes there is none
that I know of what the fuck are you
talking about Alex did you get this
through red letter media
hey Alex I have you popped out so if you
if he talked to us well I'll see you
that's this way
it was probably me selling the fake
photos a fake autographs of rich Evans
online probably that's the only thing
that makes any sense what I'm wondering
is whether or not you got a fake
autograph yeah well uh whoa rich let's
see here the blue blaze says
totalbiscuit once said if a game does
another game's job slightly better it'll
end up replacing it his example
enter the gungeon with binding of issac
do you think overwatch is this for tf2
one
I don't think enter the gungeon is that
for binding of issac very I think enter
the gungeon and binding of issac have
different enough art styles and
different enough play mechanics where
Isaac still stands out I would still
rather play Isaac than dungeon whoa oh
god alright okay in this section so I'm
gonna go ahead and disagree with that
Isaac is all about stacking powers and
seeing what unusual effects you can get
whereas gungeon is mostly just about
kind of swapping guns swapping powers
swapping versus stacking if you will do
I think overwatch has done that for tf2
yes I think from now on if people are
looking for a team a team class-based
first-person shooter they're gonna go to
overwatch mostly because it's the hot
new game and that's where the people are
for multiplayer games you go to where
the multiple players are but you know
I'm gonna respectfully disagree on the
example of gun Jim versus Isaac what's
this - in midair oh that's what you need
that's what you need that needs to be
every run you just get this
do I worry that overwatch will fall into
the tf2 pitfall if it does I mean TFT it
took tf2 eight what six years to get to
the pitfall so it then we'll get six
great years
so no I'm I'm not I'm not worried oh I
get for fucking around and playing
around the air - right
I'm night overwatch is hot on the on the
streets right now but I think I think
they have the core mechanics right
enough car mechanics I was with you I
was with you she's it actually said
that's fine and I don't feel bad that's
everything's fine
so uh Alex hates has given me a link to
the picture hold on I'm gonna look it up
Cappy Cappy how do you copy on this
stupid thing Alverno how do you copy on
a Windows computer
ctrl-click huh right it's not
right-clicking on it
well that's because you've got a stupid
touchpad people is a control C or alt C
or function C there you go it's control
it's control C what is this that's this
Mike and J Sigma CH er I don't remember
happy birthday Alex I just don't
remember signing it that's clearly my
signature and that looks like Myka J and
Max LAN I'm max - yeah apparently so
that was well he was here yeah I just
don't remember doing it that's fine I
have a shit happens okay it's money so
it's Mike and James signature yeah okay
well there you go Alex yeah I don't
remember this and I was with you I give
you all that weekend I have no
recollection of signing this photo
unless it's just a very weird forgery a
very very specific forgery weird there's
my signature though so well there you go
Alex so I signed it but didn't really
mean anything to me I'm sure it did at
the time rich was probably hypnotizing
right
rich has signed many documents without
his recollection power of attorney that
third mortgage I took out on your
apartment yeah I didn't even know I
could do that I don't know you can take
out a mortgage an apartment that's what
I'm saying
Alex still loves you oh well thank you
oh that's a nice powerup
that's a nice powerup okay what do we
got here we have learned excess sorry to
bang on this drum so much this is a
video of Mega Man X corrupted watch it
on the laptop or something we will watch
at just what is Maegan is this like a
new Mega Man X game or is this like a
romhack I'll be of romhack that's like a
romhack some sir this is just a new Mega
Man X gamer or somebody could've just
made a new one looks neat look looks
like Mega Man X yeah it skip forward a
little bit yeah it's like some new
sprites it seems like it'll be a lot of
work for a romhack so I guess is just a
new Mega Man X game well a fan-made mega
need okay thank you
thank you it's a fan game okay how did
rich and I meet through Mike and Jay yep
I met Mike and Jeb because we all made
videos and lived in Milwaukee and I
found out later that their friend rich
Evans was involved in their videos so we
started hanging out and eventually
you're supposed to talk to the people
that you're around sometimes eventually
I guess we talked to each other yeah
yeah yeah and realize that we were the
people that oh I hate you like video
games oh but that's me now like that
I've got to find the platform
not bad fight except for how much help I
lost oh god what do you do but what
doesn't Norma's there is no escaping ah
let's see here one small ball says hey
dudes
just completed the new doom and loved it
I was an amazing fuck yes great good
shit game thanks for inspiring me to try
it but I do feel bad whenever I punched
the little robot and take his stuff he
doesn't deserve that not even the
feelings
that's doom guy didn't give no fucks
even if it was a person who was offering
you a gift he would punch that person
thanks for the gift great doom great
doom now let's see here the blue blaze
has bonus question have you tried
battleborn
it's been called the Pepsi to overwatch
coke I that's what I thought at first
but some people were telling me that
it's a MOBA I was under the impression
that it was just kind of a cheaper more
slap together their version of overwatch
but people tell me it's a MOBA so that's
it makes it a slightly different game I
have not tried it because I didn't care
cuz I did not care oh sure there's a
thing there Oh God
I'm fuckin rape mater oh jeez Jesus
Christ
I found there were fewer character
moments towards the end of doom
a few more would have been nice there's
enough for me but I mean you know how I
feel about character moments in general
the whole games character moments your
doom guys you shoot things you're the
doom Slayer motherfucker if you want
nothing but stupid character moments
play Uncharted boiler alert Wow let's
see here
anonymous says Jack out of everyone in
the rlm crew who would you trust the
most
it's a babysit your kids not me I
haven't like like like smoking or
something
swearing it's smoking but you don't
smoke
I'm just making just eat some yes a
smoke I don't know maybe you want to
know that huh my BS with you Sunday Wow
you know you get to make that decision
when you're an adult so you know figure
it out now I guess now let's see here
turtle otherwise is rich Jack I hope you
are both doing well do you happen to
have any good movie recommendations you
could throw my way also I know you don't
read comics but the new eternals series
is quite a swank have you seen any good
movies lately which
I haven't seen any like super-fantastic
must recommend movies lately I've only
seen Civil War mwah-mwah-mwah no I'm
sorry I haven't I haven't seen any like
must-see movies lately rich and I before
the stream rich mentioned this one
particular scene in die hard and so we
watched it on YouTube and it really made
me want to watch die hard so maybe you
should watch die hard even if you've
seen it just here's an excuse some guy
on the internet told me to watch die
hard so I guess I have to watch a die
hard now
tech kills might restore health nice
that's that's night well but hey yeah
that's better than not might not might
oh it Netflix streaming has point-blank
you should see point-blank that's a fun
movie that's a fun John Cusack movie
John Cusack has a hitman who is crazy
just crazy enough to work you know I'm
saying favorite video game of all times
is a tricky question what moody win
right usually my go-to answer is Team
Fortress 2 as that is the video game
that I have far and away the most hours
into but there are so many there are
just so many game thief XCOM masters of
orion's zone of the enders right there's
there's so many games and you know what
are you playing right now what kind of
mood are you into right now like and
like right now I'm bouncing back and
forth between overwatch and dusters
which are two very very different games
and I find myself I find myself like
drawn to both equally at the moment so
oh rich duh
just as kindnesses don't forget that you
hate everything right right including
triple-a titles which means you hated
doom right yeah yeah dude was actually
an indie hit though you wanna get any
new doom oh oh doom 2016 is a big
triple-a game
so you hated it I think I'm enjoying
more than classic doom I'm enjoying a
more than brutal doom at least yeah yeah
I think that's that speaks very highly
of doom 2016 then yes because real doom
is certainly great mm-hmm nice it's it's
it forced you to move more than regular
doom
no I have not beat enter the gungeon yet
I've gotten pretty far but to be honest
with you I stopped playing to the
gungeon because I kind of got a little
bored with it really yep this is girl
you fuck oh my god
oh my god with every bounce you know
this is like what I was saying when when
someone was mentioning the oh my god
you're breaking off into smaller guys
now
oh no oh Jesus
oh that sucked oh sorry John give it a
run sure yeah you take that yeah what I
was what I was saying earlier about like
binding of issac versus gun Jim part of
the thing that drew you into the next
binding of isaac run was just the the
curiosity of what sort of set of powers
will I be able to combine that sort of
lottery mentality what what kind of
weird shit am I going to be able to
concoct and you don't get that in Gunjan
I said den Ackroyd's name scroll up in
the chat I didn't read the whole comment
but I'm assuming we're talking about
like a recent tweet of his we're
starting about how good the new
Ghostbusters is oh yeah how'd he do it
you can't really trust an act right when
he talks about how good his pet thing is
he's his opinion is suspect also his
tastes like I've heard about like script
C for it he's written and they're just
insane uh-huh I don't think he knows
anything other than than how to write
like weird shit no that's funny like
they were the original in the original
script for the Blues Brothers the
Bluesmobile was supposed to be like have
like supernatural powers oh yeah yeah it
wasn't just a car but it was a magic
carve
it was it was a magic car that would
have been silly yeah here's the stand up
timer everybody why don't we take a
moment before I get to play some not
Megaman and we'll let's stand up a magic
car you say
it's neither dd-do you bought out on ba
ba ba bum ba ba ba ba ba bum attack
damage up power damage down yeah why
don't they just take this then I still
have five left for increase your speed
and that would be nice or max health
plus three yeah that's what we want
so you can play normal or casual mode or
or sculls difficulty I'm just gonna go
normal I still haven't played a lot yet
oh shit gettin used to it ice shit right
away right away come on you jerk I'm
failing just right off the bat rich such
is life d-pad you got it you got to use
a d-pad for you so you know what sword
guy ah
don't even try sword guy last thing oh
this level okay
there's a strange level where this like
you know this target gets on your back
whenever you're not in a bubble that was
the last thing you read oh I don't know
last one I remember was the movie
recommendations okay sure
I'm just gonna if I read some things
again good yeah
freebie freebie hahaha piston by dub
smoke says what do you guys think is the
best and worst way for a movie to
transition into a dream sequence and as
your answer change if the dream is a
nightmare
it's not like something I've thought
about I have strong feelings on how a
movie should transition I would say the
best way either way nightmare or not is
if you don't know that it's a dream at
first and then you just slowly realize
or probably better to slowly realize
during that's kind of weird nice place
nice I think that's all come contextual
or you know if you if you're going if
you're going for especially if you're
going for Nightmare yes okay then then
you don't want to know right away that's
that's just yanking that answer out of
my ass this is something I have not
thought about at all so yeah and I guess
that's the question is rich rich is
asking an appropriate question here
which is do you want your audience to
know it's a dream right away you know if
someone's fantasizing about something
then you want that establishing shot
like you would get like you would get of
anything right right not enough cash you
need that establishing shot of someone
looking wistful or whatever bullshit or
falling asleep or whatnot
but if you don't want them to know it's
a dream then it has to start in reality
turtle the whys yes
I literally just saw diehard and diehard
to as for the latter it is fucking weird
watching some dude smoke cigs get hit on
by all women and wholesale murder people
it's a marvelous film who gets hit on by
women and I heard films I was talking
about specifically die hard to maybe who
John McClane doesn't does he I don't I
haven't seen die hard to in a very long
time right
seeing gr4 dark says hello men
after you guys had each met Mike and Jay
how long did it take before you realize
the magic was there I just I'd known
Mike since high school I don't know when
I noticed notice of the magic no
specific incident incidents and then and
then Jay wasn't like a weird chance
meeting it was just your friend Mike
know some online website other people
who you know as a hobby made made movies
and videos just kind of talked about
what they were doing and sometimes
shared tapes
James someone we know we sent us tape
stuff you made oh fuck I wasn't paying
attention did you jump on purple I
jumped on purple
and how did you meet Mike and Jamie uh
it was a friend of Jays I want to say
you know very very similar circumstances
which is just I made videos and a friend
of Jays who was also a friend of my
friend knew that I made purple knew that
I made videos and said oh you know I
have these friends who I want to say I
want to say like she she showed me the
Grabowski z-- and I saw an episode of
the grubaugh skis that might have been
the first thing that I ever saw of Mike
and Jays and I was like this is weird
and then I looked it up and I think the
thing that cemented it for me was a
little clip from oranges The Revenge of
the eggplant
it was the lettuce prey joke that might
have been met from orange is the
eggplant that might have been from other
shorts we made the same basic style it
was it was a lettuce it was a head of
lettuce that was a priest
and then he ended his sermon with
lettuce pray and all of the other
vegetables started laughing why is
everybody laughing let us pray and I was
like this is so dumb I love it that was
my official take it was so dumb that I
loved it
and and the reason I watch that is
because she said you they needed help
with with our mouse keys okay okay
they needed a character they needed an
actor it's hard to find actors that you
can work with him that you trust and and
so it was just hey yeah there's a guy
here's a guy and Jack makes videos too
and they saw my videos I'm like oh good
then you understand the bullshit of
finding actors let's just let's just be
in each other's videos because then we
don't have to worry about it and I said
okay oh yeah finding actors is extremely
difficult it's extremely difficult I
don't think people realize this I
suspect that's a secret under there oh
sure I just wanted to check I see
there's a box up here we go that's it
you need all the things oh you gotta
help that's a great thing again oh well
you know it's not just about like
good actor you know it's about an actor
that you can work with or an actor that
isn't terrible shreds enemies up close
oh it's a different blade Oh swing it
can you charge it this is a charge
there's no charge well is your call that
might be awesome that looks really rapid
fire and I have power up to two regular
regular attacks yeah go for it
don't worry yeah we'll give it right
will be daring sorry Jen says hey guys
hope you're having a nice day today rich
did you end up installing the new RAM
yet did we order back yet you haven't
send me like oh wait okay you're waiting
on me to send you okay yeah I guess that
makes sense cuz I don't know what is but
you don't know what is what yeah yeah
soon rich is getting new Ram he's
getting more RAM boldly the road boldly
they rode says Jack yes any more
thoughts on the overwatch shorts you
mentioned you've seen a couple what ones
I'd recommend dragons the dialogue is a
bit ropey as usual but it has really
great visuals and music okay ah the only
one I I think I saw like I said I saw
the teaser one you know the one that
kind of like sold overwatch in the first
place and I and I like that one and then
the only other one I saw was tracer
versus widow and I didn't quite
understand what was going on
widow was trying to assassinate someone
and tracer was trying to stop her and I
didn't understand why or what was
happening and it actually has kind of
had a serious overtone to it but it's
cartoon so I didn't quite get it but uh
I'll give that one a try dragons
is that energy and then that's energy
and wait it's not nuts I don't know what
the sunshine thing is nope no I thought
I could grab it before it fell you could
fall on over cost you one health yeah
fuck it okay Caesarion firt says since
you guys are not playing megaman right
now here's a question not playing
megaman here is a question if you could
not remake an old game or could not
remove a game or old style of game for
the current market what kind of game
wouldn't you not make I thought that was
worded weird then I realized that was
delivered it was still a really weird
weird um Anna
that thing's gonna fall ah um I would
not not not not not maybe not kind of
partial not not totally not not make a
Call of Duty game there you go
totally not not totally not not not and
enormousness hi rich hi jack hi what are
your favourite bits from half in the bag
also enjoy a poem a peanut sat on a
railroad track his heart was all
aflutter along came a train to - peanut
butter
classic there I see oh damaged massively
increased for everyone
you found a super secret fuck yeah with
your rapid fire let's see what happens
oh my oh my holy fuck ball for everyone
rich Oh an amazin to know I mean it
affects me too you know I get damaged
more easily Oh Oh as I believe thee
yeah it looks like it I don't know how
about this one probably not the right
call but half fucking you know we're
learning through experimentation
live and learn yeah favorite bits from
half in the bag
after so many not necessarily to film
but the way it turned out probably the
Evil Dead oh I was gonna say the same
thing that was a beast to film no man
Tommy hate always made me laugh and it's
it's a crime but that character has not
come back well you know and we he's not
officially dead he's just kind of dead
but yeah I thought I always thought the
mailman Tommy gag was a fun gag the even
though he's so nice they hate mailman
Tommy oh fuck fuck
this level is fuck Nana says don't want
to impede on the rlm process but if you
ever considered doing a 50's night on
best of the worst they can run the gamut
from cheesy too cheesy endearing to
cynical nightmarish it's great keep up
the good work one hit it was like a half
a second have a second and that and that
guy was dead nice okay cheesy fifties
night I mean we're like your seventies
eighties stuff that's it if it's the
right movie is the thing we're you know
there there's there's this balance with
best of the worst I think where the
filmmaking needs to be where they need
to be trying and in the 50s I think a
lot of those movies they were just kind
of slapped together and yeah they didn't
care you know okay so I think it could
work depending on the movie but that's
why we usually end up
I'm incredibly and ridiculously powerful
wrench if you were to write an
autobiography what would you call it
well I tried I mean what would you call
it well I tried I know you tried to
write an autobiography but what did you
call it
JD Packard says hey guys
turns out I've been an rlm fan for a
while and only just realized I share a
full name with one of you guys from one
of from from one Jack Packard do another
have a good day
holy fuck Wow well there you go
almost time II had no idea some fan
really pays attention really sorry Chen
says random question for rich someone
wanted to hire you to do an audio book
would you a Ronald doll rich Evans audio
book would just be lovely and hilarious
have to be a lot of money because I
don't think I would like just sit there
reading my voice would would get sore I
would feel like I was doing a shitty job
I'd be mispronouncing everything like
every every every fucking the line would
need to be recorded it would be terrible
I feel as hiss pronouncing everything I
would I would I can't talk you know that
those words can't talk well yeah I mean
that would be included in the budget
weird like it wouldn't be a day read you
know like that would be that would be it
would be a nightmarish experience for
everyone involved that would be a week's
worth of work at least sorry chances
that's what would make it hilarious oh
sure I get it I get it but boy would
that be miserable all that flopsweat
ah shadow Elite 5 says he says hello he
says hello I just I don't feel like
addressing that I just gonna open a can
of worms can't alarm scatter worms great
I'm down with no decay no worms
fuck fuck fuck what what
what fuck it's so much attack I'm gonna
I'm gonna be not mega man now
yeah BB Inc well I want my blaster back
okay I have a living increase attack and
moves for you I mean that's that's a
good one then the stuff up top is the
stuff you get to bring with you
this next run well what's this stuff I
think just stuff you unblock you can
possibly get in the future oh yeah I
want to do that I want to possibly get
this in the future
okay cuz that's the whole point of this
like you know this stuff is temporary
goodness this stuff is forever goodness
possibly that's what you need what is
this I'm gonna peer challenges daily
challenge daily hardcore weekly
challenge oh that's nice that's always
nice in the roguelikes
everyone plays the same map oh don't you
get to feel bad about yourself and
you've seen the high scores well you
know yeah oh and these trap yeah enemies
job more nuts that's going
alright 20xx mother flip oh I forgot to
reset my stand-up timer any chance I'm
going back to New Vegas it was that a
one off one off or one off I guess is it
true that Jay is a Scientologist yes
just Scientologists how do i I don't
know how you guys found out we've been
we've been like trying really hard to
keep that one a secret he's pledged his
soul to Zemo is that a real thing I
think there's emo in Scientology the one
who put all the souls by the volcano oh
is that who did it Zemo you prankster no
what is it
I think I think this is the difference I
think she has less base health than then
the zero I mean ace the mace I think I
did a powerup that last one that gave
him more base out but I don't I don't
know I think he started with more -
though that could be she she gets the
ranged weapon he gets a more healthy
yeah that makes sense
Xenu not Z movers Oh get it get it right
get it right rich ah fuck I don't know
my Z mousse you don't know nothing about
no Z mousse we ah fuck you you get your
whole back I want to kill I want to kill
the things first there we go
kill the things first rich now step off
my nuts so are you enjoying this game
sure fine I mean it's that for fuckin
now that's fine
this is this game not enough like
Megaman for you the here here's craft
craft versus randomness is the is the
name of this game the Megaman levels
Megaman levels are crafted and you can
kind of feel it right like the levels
are good that much different something
feels off about these levels uh hey you
know what you know what I think is
feeling off huh enemy variety but this
is early access that's the other thing I
just think they need the enemy variety
this game is early axis
you know like in Mega Man the the levels
felt like challenges each little part of
the level felt like its own little
challenge and this just doesn't feel the
same but you know that's not necessarily
a bad thing I've obviously I'm only you
know twenty minutes into the kingdom
right braum 89 but on 89 you got Mike to
play any other games besides co-op and
don't shit your pants no and don't don't
hold your breath
wait will you miss the other yeah oh you
see what you okay so I get to choose one
of these we got a jagged launch a jagged
piece of ice so you get some nuts or I
get to increase my speed I know you're
going well what you're gonna speed I
know you am I wrong I I went with a
speed one last time and it didn't work
out too well so I might be going a
jagged piece of ice you do that you do
that so it's gonna be wide to use your
jagged piece of ice it's what is why why
Oh got on with you I'm with you see yeah
let's go I don't think we've fought this
guy yet the bat I don't think we fought
the back I think I did but oh you were
looking at things it's fine it's all
fine and fight the bat the bat this is
the bat good prep time that's very
important property because the bad
always wins with because if the back
gets prep time he wins out man yes right
no problem no no the bat does not get
prep time
what do you think about NBA Rookie star
steaming on Twitch it's horrible Oh or
it's good or what what who did Wotton
madam says have you guys ever played a
full motion video point and click game
Oh God
how much tip for you guys to play one on
for the stream because I'm a sociopath
and game pleasure from other people's
pain like night trap how's that really a
point-and-click is that what I said no
no what FMV point-and-click what's an
example I'm not sure but I just mmm V I
know is never a good sign
okay ah three hundred dollars as a
single $300 tip and you have to provide
the game and we will play a game of
their choosing the FMV adventure game
where they're choosing as long as it
doesn't violate any kind of like twitch
streaming stick like it was like a porno
game no we cannot play porno games okay
that's kind of neat hands frosh says do
you guys know anything about the
demographics of your viewers or rlm
aficionados in general age nationality
religion mental illness not commenting
religion and so on
care to share bed well we paste so much
from market research
I used to assume they're a lot more
younger people I used to assume that now
I think we got a lot of middle-aged guys
like us too yeah I think so
you you you can go into analytics I I
know surprised by how many non-american
viewers you but you can delve into the
YouTube analytics or rich you have any
passwords you can go into them III don't
delve in terribly often
we just do the things we do just do the
things we do it is kind of more so than
analytics I think it's more important to
find out how they got there in the first
place you know how did you find this
video like especially if it's it yeah
run faster jump higher you know like
especially if a video does exceptionally
better than other videos have like how
did you find us what website brought you
to us what thing got you here just to
try to figure out how to you know get
our content in front of more people
lordy axes rich in your best space cop
pretending to be a rapper voice can you
say yo yo happy birthday to the so bus
so soba soba soba Sol de how did I do
that voice anyone find remember I got
hoes I got ho
yo yo happy birthday to the soba soda
sold ahh so di soldier sewed I am Sol D
ia
Sol de Sol that sold yeah maybe it's
supposed to be soldier like Sol you know
by now
yo yo happy birthday to the soda soldier
I think that's what it says who even
charger or might restore energy I don't
care about energy I care about even
charge here my charge attacks are now
off fuck yeah
okay about know I'm now even charge
you're rich your own spaceship and you
can only carry one arcade machine of
your choice
what arcade game would it be classic
modern any any arcade games get to get
old sooner or later right
what what arcade games going to get old
the least fast I don't I don't know
where which one's the most replayable
that's the question
probably not Donkey Kong mmm bold choice
I'm huge pac-man fan never get old after
a while they all would know Galaga
I don't know I I always loved in the
arcade my my go to games was any of the
light gun games I fucking loved those
games each their own you know oh sure my
my gym
oh yeah that's that always brought me
the most joy in arcades was just oh yeah
this is the fucker that killed me when I
was having that great run oh yeah yeah
because I couldn't see myself through
all of his crap like you're so cameras
so far back like and there's just so
much shit going on yep I'm there I have
this four-way blaster which I think it's
very helpful yeah he killed me when I
had that awesome 3-way blaster oh yeah I
hate him my mission in life just to kill
him
a jagged crystal inherits your momentum
to smash foes what I'll bet you got to
go basic attack gotta go basic attack no
matter most people would or do I invest
in more nuts and bolts - they don't have
a nuts and bolts machine no just
basically that guy basic attack I mean
right I have one token well how many do
they want it says one token per spin I
think tokens might be yellow
I have one bolt it's very it's a very
important distinction bolts vs. tokens
that's what that gold thing was that I
couldn't get fuck ya kiddin holy fuck is
a four way beats the three way every
time no no every shot like like three
quarters of Jackson bullets are just
wasted yeah but this way I can
concentrate on platforming and just
shoot you know fuck I need that the
three way you got that concentrated fire
up front that's that's some valuable
shit oh three ways a shotgun no doubt
about that the three ways great but I
feel like with the four way I can just
spend time concentrating on
platforming and not worry about where
I'm aiming okay which i think is equally
they both have their ups and downs as
any game of this ilk should oh you're so
fucking dead he's so fucking dead you
don't even know let's go
fucking dick thank you so crazy I know
you're killing them Jack you're killing
them yes
I indeed am killing them feels like
there's something down here have I been
down here you came from down there
there's nothing down there you are
correct
wait wait wait wait
you are correct
wait is there anything at the left like
up top on the left over here yeah no
yeah nothing
there's we're checking it's worth
checking oh of course
oh this is the vine level this level
sucks you need my help now oh I see yeah
now oh fuck I'm on the I'm on the plan
oh stop oh no stop it Alicia all my
fucking home you did that was fucking
disaster I was horrible oh I'm I'm
fucking worthless my not mega man is
worth maybe this will be a mega health
that would be great no plumber well I
got a super jump height does that help
no no by the way it does not I hate the
hate of those platforms damage you that
is stupid I think so oh wait
get those nuts - I'm on it okay let that
platform fall Wow something I got one
what do we got going on here rich I
don't I'm gonna find out great
well I continue deadspace yeah maybe
someday yeah I can see by more dead
space I didn't hate it
I'd rather shoot things and do them
that's more fun to shoot me shoot I've
never been super big on Harlem that
space is fine get over there what are we
working with not overwatch fucking deal
with it I'm gonna say I'm gonna say you
know what I'm gonna say about overwatch
huh you guys are fucking obnoxious yep
anybody I would I would never play it
anyway because I'm not the multiplayer
online only shooter guy but if I were
Jack I just be like fuck that oh this is
this is obnoxious I'm never gonna play
it because you guys won't fucking shut
up about it
you know rich Evans is going on vacation
soon and so you will have a couple yeah
I guess we haven't brought that up we
have not probably all be around next
week and so you will have a couple Jack
solo streams coming up I can only
imagine I will spend some time playing
overwatch as it is you know what don't
do it don't do it the way to perfectly
find fun game where's the overwatch
here's your overwatch supply XCOM
there's our overwatch and XCOM oh I
misunderstood I really thought you guys
wanted to want it XCOM I'm sorry now
I'll probably play it I'll probably play
it at least a little bit of it next week
who knows oh this boss is gonna be
ridiculous easy I don't need to jump up
to him because I can shoot it up if the
range is infinite
yeah I said them when it's not hitting
platforms right
Oh
now I want to kill that flower down
there I'm on it
nice
nice that's gonna go with no max HP up
nuts I'll take you and in general more
attack so on you're gonna play overwatch
or what yep I I would so just say no at
this point i serious it's I'm serious
this is something I was talking about
with rich earlier one everyone knows how
multiplayer online only gaming is which
is you have maybe one like really good
game out of five and so a lot of it
would just be you guys watching me fail
over and over again which I'm sure you
would like but that definitely you know
like worries me playing it just because
you know I don't want to fail in front
of you guys it's a game I enjoy and I
want to do well I'll fuck you while
playing it but we'll sit we'll see we'll
see you next week
digger blues is how about Jack playing
Firewatch oh and that sounds like a fine
idea a fire watch stream you want fire
watch it fire watch you make a stream
out of fire watch
just this guy you know says Jack I'm
Jack what about an non-scary board game
stream with special guest stars whoever
is willing to play with you that's
that's possibility you know we could
definitely do we could definitely easily
do a late-night me and my wife playing
Marvel legendary yeah because she'll
play ship play to play or Marvel
legendary with me I really think they
enjoyed though watching dusk errs yeah
you think they'll like that I think that
went over well oh sure sure I think I
remember them really saying they enjoyed
that yeah I think you're right fuck fuck
wow that seems annoying it's very
annoying oh I can't wait till it goes
away I have to be teleported yeah so -
probably nothing but dust go streams
which slacking house says you could also
work on 100% of the witness fuck you
we're all here we're making jokes we're
having a good time I thought I thought
for the record I thought dusters was
just fine it wasn't working through that
night because I'd been playing doom a
lot right
and it was it was too much whiplash yeah
no I can see that and I knew I knew that
would be that would be a tough
transition for you that's why I played
most of the night which you know hmm
that's fine that happens it's gonna
happen sometimes sometimes we're good
night we're gonna play games that you
guys might not be into and we just we
all need to accept that Jack should play
Doom oh I could I could also just play
Doom I fucking love doom if I have it
back I lent it to my brother-in-law
you could play DC Universe Online oh
it's free you fuck you know maybe maybe
we'll do that there's a couple games I
do want to play like games that I'm so
fucking powerful more Phoenix right well
probably not till I'm back from vacation
at least oh yeah we can't play that
without rich fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
this is he shooting those or is that
your reflection right here shot being
reflected back like a great thing I
think I wouldn't make it great fuck what
no cab expenses looks like you missed my
tip for the meeting of the stream also
rich if you had to choose between the
Cubs winning the World Series and the
Packers winning the Superbowl which
would it be
well the Packers winning the Superbowl
is something I've had to suffer through
before though not when I was living up
here I'm probably twice as obnoxious the
Cubs winning the World Series there
they're more than a century without
winning oh that is so amusing
but but Karen's father is a Cubs fan and
he's old very old so for the sake of an
old man the sake of an old man maybe
I'll go to coast winning World Series
rich how thoughtful yeah yeah where am I
supposed to go
ah I already had stick to a Cubs game
once you had to take him to hand his
name's more I was the mortal thing to do
me and Karen went to a White Sox game
and I had locked my keys in the car so
we are the games over we're leaving the
leaving US Cellular Field huh and I
can't get in my car in the parking lot
oh and he drove all the way downtown to
to give us a spare key Oh yep yep
what a nice and so you know we did we
took on today
you suffered through a Cubs game how
thoughtful and generous they got their
asses kicked that game so he wanted to
leave early I was both pleased and sad
oh we're staying for this self fucking
thing listen here old man what's that
well I was enjoying we're staying for
the whole goddamn day
before I read that will continue on with
this Wrigley Field baseball talk yes
miss conversations here you know they
have seats they actually sell at Wrigley
Field they sell tickets these seats they
are literally like right in front of you
there is a two foot wide beam and you
cannot see the field that's is that
there are seats like that at Wrigley
that they sell tickets for that's it
that's it that's a shame they they're
obstructed view sure 99 percent
obstruction but they let you know
because we went we know we bought
tickets dragon Karen's dad there yeah
and there was people in our seats they
wouldn't get out of our seats yeah that
we'd pay for we had to get an usher you
know why they were on our seats because
one of them had the pole seat behind the
beat and everything obstructed view just
like someone else seats or therefore I
think it's probably not that bad yeah
obstructed but I bet I could like lean
and see the game or something nope get
out of her fucking seats I paid I paid
to get this man here decent seats yeah
okay Nathan mage said Neil brains tweet
said Elway's audience loved pass through
there's hope for Humanity also rich how
much RAM are you getting fun fact
digital audio workstations da W need at
least a hundred and twenty eight
gigabytes of RAM I'm just gonna get that
seems like a lot of RAM I'm probably
gonna get sixteen you have eight gigs
right now yeah you currently have eight
gigs of RAM which is perfect I could it
fine I could add I have two sticks of
form yeah I couldn't add in two more
sticks before I think I'm better just
replacing them with two eight gig sticks
it's it's horse piece it's a horse
apiece those are our future upgrading
though if I have the two eight sticks oh
sure yeah okay
seems pretty good left bumper is now a
shock wave that can crush foes and stop
bullets from getting to me
eight gigabytes is enough for anything
not quantum break ridiculously and
the yeah the the the recommended the
recommended requirements was 16 done
this guy generating level oh yeah we've
done this level yeah Chad I remember
when I had a head like I thought 16
megabytes was more than I would ever
need
I had like two or four at the time and I
wanted to upgrade I'm 16 I'm just
getting all out I'll get 16 megabytes
I'll never need to upgrade again it'll
be crazy
it'll be insane it'll be crazy I'll run
MechWarrior to what everything if a game
can't run with 8 gigabytes it was poorly
programmed quantum break Oh welcome to
the conversation
I keep like defaulting to the joystick
Jack you could play with viewers on
overwatch
that's a voice chat with viewers going I
have the Xbox one version and so I will
very happily play with viewers but I do
not have the PC version currently you've
been going for a while here you don't
good Jack I feel like I'm doing good
it's this it's this is this quad shun
rich yeah as you're making it work for
you I am
fuck fuck
fuck you would you rather have a
replicator or a holodeck tech
technically within Oh God
within the allele or I believe they're
all based on the same basic technology
to some degree right that's based on the
same energy manipulation principles but
I've been wrong before why are these
green probably because you can afford
them wait no that doesn't afford any of
them I don't know I I don't know I mean
not enough cash probably replicators
though I would definitely go for
replicators
I mean holodeck let's if we're going
real-world situation holodeck is
entertainment
replicators is free food for everyone
yeah
we're just you and then you sell that
food but you wouldn't need money for
anything just duplicate anything basing
it right right oh yeah and I'm thinking
like big picture here replicator
replicators is that is the bigger deal
Oh
replicate your own Xbox ones and sell
them for for money you don't need
well like I wonder how much power it
would consume you know that's true
that's true
you'd have to illegally hook it up to
some kind of power grid in somewhere
yeah you're killing it jack killing it I
have so much power and like my charge
does extra damage I'm I'm feeling great
about this run right John we're doing oh
oh there was even a sticky thing feeling
really great about this run replicate
batteries uh you know what I still don't
think you can violate that law of
physics you stole the thermodynamics
energy cannot be created nor destroyed
it can only be transferred so you'd need
a comparable amount of energy
to create food but that energy you're
using to make the batteries as much or
more than the energy of the battery
you're making absolutely because nothing
can be that efficient yeah I'll drop it
on you does oh good oh it hurts them too
actually I really like that I'm happy
that it hurts them too racy cakes how
can I learn to be as cool as you guys
you have to not be cool at all yeah well
there's a problem like the lower school
is us there's a there's a problem with
your logic
was it blue ones do again I'll gives you
energy for your specials I haven't I
have not I've yet to use a special yeah
cool armor Jax come on Jack it's just
fucking killing it here I have some
really good power-ups stackable
power-ups this is this is a stackable
game stackables nice stackables nice you
know it's not it's not binding of issac
stackable where you get like mutant
power-ups but you know like that's why
I'll agree with you that enter the
gungeon does not have that over binding
of issac right well you have this guy to
that gun that's not I can't have a the
combination of both of these guns that
would be awesome Oh what happened there
uh but it didn't work out for you in the
end
nope nope it didn't that oh oh oh fuck
I'm on the ceiling I've I did not know
that this was a ceiling you could walk
on why didn't you walk what do you keep
walking I hardly walk on it working for
you because there
okay okay okay nope nope
thank you one of them fuck fuck fuck
fuck fuck
I keep getting like trapped these bosses
look like Pokemon that does that does
look like a Pokemon fortunately they
don't play anything like Pokemon he/she
not you're just clicking on the menu
button over and over her name your name
that you're jumping and shooting doing
fun things I thought I killed them
already to kill both of them
fuck you I'm gonna die to these guys do
you think that people are getting sick
of comic book films and there will be a
decline of them after the 2010's Batman
vs Superman made 700 million dollars and
then a few months later America Civil
War made 700 million dollars plus plus
no I don't think they are on another
note yeah Zootopia is now the second
highest-grossing original movie okay so
we're getting we're getting a balance of
both I I think eventually yes people are
gonna get sick of comic book movies only
because comic book movies are going to
fall into the same problems that comic
books fall into but yeah I think we got
a while fuck I'm gonna I'm gonna stand
up and then we're gonna try co-op oh
yeah we can't go on you stay is it time
to stand up or you just want if you wait
15 minutes it'll be officially time to
stand them well I'd rather empty my
bladder now oh sure yeah I guess so
what's going on with you chatting what's
all in your happenings what's all in it
where'd you go where'd you go Chen since
BVS gave us a terrible Superman wouldn't
you agree that neo at this point makes a
better Superman also Agent Smith is the
real hero I don't understand that but
Superman Superman Oh animated movies
that not all animated movies suck have I
learned the names of the overwatch
characters yet some of them not all of
them as you know as you play you get to
know them and there's just so many
characters but I really I've been
playing as rollerblade guy cuz you know
cuz I don't know any of their names
rollerblade guys are really interesting
support
character where you heal or make faster
you can choose whether to heal or make
everyone around you faster which is just
a really great general support character
and then your superpower is giving
everyone a shield and you have a decent
weapon too you have a weapon with decent
range and so you're not totally useless
outside of you know basically healing
everyone no not tracer is not the role
Blaine Lucio Lucio is the roller blade
guy he's really neat he has some some
interesting stuff
also his of repulsor blasts he has like
a you can he can knock back enemies who
else have I been playing as lately road
hog I'm really really starting to
understand Road hogs whole whole thing
as a heavy he's great he can he can whip
people and grab him bring him close he
has a really powerful shotgun he's a
really neat character also just playing
as the the general soldier guy I forget
like agent 76 or whatever his name is
standard machine gun but but you know
can run really fast he has missile
upgrades great characters Roadhog is a
beast he's great
scorpion really let himself go that's
funny
agent 47 generic shooter guy but you
know generic shooter guy has some good
has some good items also junk dog what's
his name junk junker you know the guy
with the grenade with the grenade
launcher
he has been super super fun because he
has um what is his name junk junk rat
junk rat junk rat screen upper right
screen corner green screen is messed up
we're seeing a silver wall or something
are you oh sorry I'll scoot the camera
off her junk rat is really fun because
he can lay traps he can he can lay a
mind that you can detonate at any time
and he lays like bear traps that can
that can trap people so you can put the
trap in the mine right next to each
other and any time the trap springs you
know someone's in it they can blow the
mine he's a great defensive character
he's not labeled as a defensive
character but he's a great defensive
character or is he a defend that you
know it's tough junk rat is really fun
but then you know also just figuring out
who balances against who you know and
and and play in that game playing the
our team is getting killed because
someone has the robot guy what can we do
to counter the robot guy you know we're
talking about that stupid weird we're
talking about uber which yeah I swear I
go for Jedi Jesse yeah shave my head
usually like maybe once a week or right
before we have a shoot it's probably a
cool machine here right now what coupe
machine
it's that portal I think no that way
that see that that orange portal Oh
we should probably read the hey guys
that says oh it seems like wait
anonymous says it seems like a lot of
failed novelist became filmmakers and a
lot of failed filmmakers became video
game developers what do failed game
developers become they become bored
games
no no not bored games they become my
consultants consultants ok yeah they
become new media consultants and
anonymous says hey guys just tuned
didn't wanted to say you guys great also
any chance of some overwatch tonight lol
fuck my cock okay so what happens it oh
I thought I did it before it wasn't
working
