XCOMmunicable disease (Part 3)
February 17, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Lor2yBBcaE

just snakes Sharpie which is it hard
doing the mr. blinken eating scenes how
many takes did you guys do of the heart
attack burger scene for one the only
eating scene it's not like an epidemic
of plague Italy see you got like the
pork burger during the slipping on shit
thing was i eating my I guess I shoved
it my family there's the only other
doing here's some here's some insider
tick trips and take trips and tricks and
tips yeah what you didn't see was the
spit bucket I had by my feet mmm I
didn't eat eight burgers slathered in
butter okay and the ones I shoved in my
mouth weren't slathered with butter
butter there's filmmaking everything's a
lie it's dream it's a convoluted lie
wrapped in the truth facade of truth
make you believe things that didn't
happen
at the gremlin can trigger an instant
scan of the area increasing the
specialist sight radius substantially
for one term and revealing any hidden or
disguised enemies okay great
all right specialist let's see what we
got
let's scan Oh No let's everyone else the
pork burger one was probably a harder
thing to film because just because you
got shit on your brain when you're
filming that huh it makes you gag you
know it's just regularly it was just a
pulled pork drink no Clark sandwich but
everyone's slipping and piss and shit in
the sand it's like that's in your brain
yeah it's like I always have trouble
with fake vomit for the same reason just
put some soup in the mouth or something
sure but no no I just hear something in
your brain tells you you're putting
vomit in your mouth yeah
the aliens did it they will do the
aliens
this is my one safe turn everybody seems
to be cool great everybody's cool
everyone's an overwatch interesting okay
here we go
I tend to actually - more with conceit
with concealment yeah yeah I just don't
I don't you know I never want to cross
that line well now I know where the
aliens is so now though to be fair I've
noticed recently that it's not always
showing me an indicator when you're
gonna be busted like sometimes you'll
see like the red indicator yeah
come up not even not even like on the
ground but like at the final spot where
you move like if there's somewhere along
the lines where you would have been seen
you'll see like the right indicator
coming out of your marker I've gotten
busted sometimes when I haven't seen
that so that's probably your getting
fuck with the turn limits though the
time limits I'm good and close they're
trying to basically they're trying to
force you to - yeah I see it you know as
soon as I can get a couple enemies down
like these enemies I think I can get
down as soon as I can get a couple
enemies down then we can start then we
can start -
somebody's saying uh Phil Phil mega
freak saying somebody made you guys in
XCOM and posted it to the rlm subreddit
hey I was actually thinking about this
earlier you know how they have the
widest windows restarting you know did
it forced an update and then decide it
was going to restart without telling me
because Windows 10 is garbage that's a
fair that's a fair
well great all this shit I'm using well
fuck that no restart I can't see the
chat anymore I'm sorry stop stop that I
don't don't don't get ready to turn off
my computer why are you doing that
fuck you Windows 10 I was thinking you
know ex-con has like a personality types
yeah what would we be what would yours
be what would mine be oh you know what I
haven't delved too deep into personality
that Mike would be hard luck Jay would
be happy-go-lucky or maybe just
laid-back sure laid-back see that I'm
happy yeah what would I be though I
don't know what they are would she
yes I hate to think that but it's
probably twitchy and that makes me sick
working on updates twenty percent
complete oh thank you for doing this
when I was using the computer fuck jesus
fucking christ you would you would think
you would think that they would have a
sensible operating system doesn't have
like a screen that pops up and says
would you like to restart now or later
right
with these updates we have installed
without asking your permission fuck off
30% yeah I know you were using me but
we're gonna lay here for did we get a
donation I don't know I can't read it
oh I've gotten angry and you should have
you should have bought flashbangs Jack
oh you know what I should have you were
telling me how great flashbangs work you
were telling me you were telling me how
great they were weird I need these
robots cuz I got my combat specialist 35
percent complete
and the user rivets
I'll be back is this thing we started no
there's no knows nothing to click on how
do you get to us where you click on that
I hate this I hate this you should well
Chad it was nice talking you while I
could Windows 10
it's not like all those programs in this
sometimes you gotta do the update we
have
I fucking hate everything everything
everyone that's fair rich I think that's
fair
great
oh now you got four guys to shoot at
because you split up the codec oh my god
you need fresh folks
I can't imagine tackling one of those
things on a flashbang ever since I
learned that yep oh that's oh thanks
fine
got your ranger hanging out in the back
huh I wasn't expecting anyone yeah
that's wasn't this is a perfect spot for
the close combat specialist I got saved
some that's some that's some crackerjack
strategy you're working on if we just
you know settle down I'm at a bad mood
ever since my windows convinced without
my permission
yeah feel ya
I got one of them what you call solid
plans over watch over there
two visors
there's three more enemies which no
thank you know I know I have the thing
that gives me the advance okay if you
research something enough times it gives
you like advanced warning of how many
enemies are in the air even counting
that's good
well yeah yeah and you don't think to
count I probably should well you know
you only get so many grenades more
important to kill one of these dickheads
died dickhead
there you go now that other dickhead
doesn't have any cover to hide behind
you can zap something oh yeah but I
don't think I can do enough damage I
think I know how much health does that
thing have lived for go to the other guy
Oh does he not see the guy in the far
left
oh no I want to save him oh is that the
story my Ranger can scold Jacko okay
there I got it got it I'm saving him
mine can you can you reach it now Wow
no I can't reach it now okay oh here we
go
well he had to go through five
plate-glass box
oh thank god it didn't arbitrarily
decide to change our password we're not
losing
good thing I can act
let's go steal let's see what things we
can act you have a shortcut too chatty
in her somewhere
yes
no no no my god okay it's all about Oh
updates oh thank god there's final
update this 55% of failed hack will
result in all enemies gaining a defense
and mobility movie II I'm back baby I'm
back and me well I'm gonna try it
what do you hack what uh-oh don't that
that failed state yeah that's absolutely
the worst fucking thing yeah the worst
fucking thing hmm
I I did it once it ruined the whole
fucking mission for me
oh god I wouldn't touch that one with
him I wouldn't touch that one with a 99%
success rate yeah yeah I usually just
like to give those things track it's
like why the fuck not
alright come on back just turn
auto-updates office not - Jack's laptop
and and by the way that's how it came it
came auto-update e you're probably I'm
assuming you can tell him to turn it off
somewhere I knew it he would hope so
you would really hope so
one one would really hope so
I'm gonna not ask you first before we
starting the computer when you're using
it what are you like in the middle of
like a saw like a render a video render
I was taking like 15 hours then you know
our 14 witnesses I congratulations we've
updated the updates we're gonna restart
now
yeah oh fuck it all fuck everything
absolutely fucking hate that that's why
you need the flashbacks it also prevents
them from doing that that would you yeah
your controller what are you doing oh
it's dead so okay that's fine it's not
one of my people so I don't care I can
kill you
the animation give no fucks about no
reanimation
critical geeks enrich any advice on how
to not go too far when participating in
a pun Street well I'm not entirely sure
with what a pun streak is but I think as
a general rule with comedy as long as
you're getting laughs it's never
possible to go too far I think I think
with a good comedian there's no subject
that's taboo as long as you're doing it
right long as you're handling it right
nice snipe the guy - great great great
skull jack skull jack let's fucking do
it
go check that motherfucker it helps if
you face them there you go
we were sure oh wait
okay those are the you got a 100% chance
and there's no there's no fill bad fill
option oh okay
you just have a minor chance to get
something good if you're using a
specialist with a higher heck rating
yeah you have a better chance okay those
are just those are just bonuses right
right you get to pick which one you want
to try to get oh well is going to be
neither because your chances are 17 at
7%
right now you know then let's go for
fucking 7 that's it use it when I say
those situations let's see what we can
do nope no oh not even not even for the
closer break access Avatar project great
Hey
yes
sorry jack I couldn't say anything I
could not say anything what the fucking
shit sorry got other bitches to deal
with neural eyes the avatar mother it's
not afraid to kick you in the balls
either yeah like there's no hint that
that was gonna happen not even a little
bit no you just think oh well skull jack
this will be nice guaranteed ah
I want to protect you specialist you're
my special
my specialist specialist
okay you're way over there I can put you
in cover over here
more importantly you won't explode when
that thing explodes and reload you know
my my Rangers he's sitting out there
dick flapping in the breeze what was
that what was that was that a miss I
think that was didn't right yeah look at
it oh and have I ever tried playing
Warhammer it's it sounds great it sounds
like like tabletop Expo you know but I
certainly don't know anybody who would
be into it so it's never come up
there was the Wendy's ad guy
fucker
we got a problem what's problem
dr. Jack so new new bitch mind controls
my Ranger oh you don't want the end
we're gonna head and now they're both
invisible yeah
yeah yeah do you have any abilities in
might now no probably not
I'm thinking nothing medicine will cure
a mind-controlled person I do have I
have one I have my Healey specialist you
might have to kill your Ranger
well or kill the other person my you get
if you can do that before the Ranger
kills you and you go to overwatch you
know you're just gonna shoot the Ranger
grandmum stabilized stop something from
bleeding out consumes one charge yes
you don't have anything that could stun
the Ranger
she got a flash banks okay I didn't
flash bangs I just didn't
okay well we have another alien to worry
about as well and only four turns left
to destroy this and that's not gonna
happen right you definitely don't want
to go over there and activate more pots
no no I only want to deal with this
right yeah but I can't get too close cuz
there's Ranger over there so I I got a
deal with this / I have two grains left
we're just gonna you know wanna save it
for the other time right over there
that's just uh that's just a sec Tori
right this yeah flash banks you only
have this flash back side we completely
take them out but it's supposed to use
this powers the flash power think in a
flash thinking about flash bangs
he'll yes warhammer does sound expensive
that you gotta buy all these figurines
because of you knew the rules I mean you
could play your own Warhammer just we
just bite toy soldiers right you might
not be as neat as having the figures but
is there and I guess there's nothing
that would really stop you from doing
that you are correct
our safes gonna
my people haven't died yet okay my
people have not died yet I'd like to get
rid of this sectoid and then I can start
moving on this alien
if I can fire if I can get them down to
at least to health I have my combat
protocol which is guaranteed to hits
okay so let's see this person is far
enough away from my range and where it
shouldn't this person
that's the problem cuz your Ledger's
gonna you know you're Rangers just got
arrived and sorted right but I have a
plan
okay I like I have a plan for that so if
I can get rid of the second which I can
but that's fine I still have a plan so
we're gonna combat protocol this guy I
can do two damage she's in a lot but you
know it's what I can do
it's what I can do then my other
specialist has the aid protocol which
gives extra shielding which I'm going to
give to my Grenadier which will
definitely let the grenadiers survive an
attack from the border
how would you pronounce this is it Eric
H bar is that Eric borough I'm gonna say
erage burp and I might be wrong I'm
sorry from getting your name wrong e RI
CH BR Eric burp now do you guys have day
jobs of the nurlan not me I'm doing RL
I'm full-time like you're - I don't know
something like that couple years jack
those other things but it's all it's all
other video type work that's right so
it's not our om stuff but he's doing
video stuff yeah all my other work cuz
I'm a freelance video editor and
producers and that's all my other work
we've got some viral stuff oh yeah well
it's usually yeah it's usually and I
just hurt and you know like they need to
go on a good mission before they can
like lose them as well and so you want
to take them on mission for you
that's a good grenade year right there
grant a dear I know your mind control I
know your mind control but now we can
fuck some shit up
mission is still active and we're
running out of time get to that real and
take it I'm not worried about the relay
right now
do you understand that nope
the game doesn't okay so first things
that's my solder I'm not shooting at my
soldier
okay
you mr. snipe hair
she'll never see it coming
don't want them thing - I know that's I
was thinking make sure I can I mean no
matter what I won't be able to shoot
this turn right it's like I wanna I
wanna what counts like here maybe you
know but then they're gonna move that's
what I want to get up on
thank you no come on I can't get up
there you know they think you should be
able to help on that possibly with a
grappling heart oh sure
let's talk about what I do
look you know what's you know what's
funny thing about me what am i what am i
major like job skills assets
I can make aids funny you know that's
that's that's that's one of my assets
hmm I put that I kind of put that down
like a job application I think he skills
I can make aids funny yeah
where is this oh he's over there I still
gotta take care of this guy
Oh who's wanting this user two seven
seven two two one says Jack I'm
expecting my first child this summer
granny's tips for a father to be and
rich if the child ends up having some
mild mental issues any tips on helping
them cope as they reached over what was
that question too rich because my autism
Vanquish you know the the controversial
thing I said about autism was I implied
that a man might actually have autism
it's some form of it yeah that that's
very consciousness all right we could we
talk about how banning words does
nothing it does literally nothing right
there's no ban out of words can you say
the N word I'm saying the N word because
I can't say it right I can't even say it
in like a context that isn't harmful
right that's not a ban though that's a
that's a self effectively a bet there's
a self-imposed ban is it self-imposed or
is it I can't say that because people
will go nuts you know no could be both
it could be both you are free to say
that word on that
much as you want saying that the other
thought now that I would want to annoy
but even the thought of saying that word
is terrifying right we agree Emma but
it's not just it's not it's not like
it's terrifying because you know it's
wrong to say what the point the point
I'm ultimately trying to make is right
hold on uh-huh they get a free movement
a teleport every time you damage it oh
fuck that
I had a plan rich alright anyway the
n-words of lis been banned from culture
right well from white culture sure has
that stopped racism
keeping people from saying words has
done nothing to stop the actual problem
well you know what it hasn't stopped
racism but it's brought up a
conversation about race it's like
sticking a bandage on a gunshot wound no
I disagree it's one if you ever hear a
white person say the n-word it's a great
indicator of racism sure people can't
say it right or wrong
has done nothing to solve the actual
problem no no but you're looking at an
attempt to manipulate language that has
effectively done nothing no no you're
looking at it backwards though huh
ending racism isn't a byproduct of
banning the n-word banning the n-word is
a byproduct of lesser racism no if if
there were lesser racism then the word
would just be archaic it would be
nothing would be Oh strange oh the
n-word no these what am i there the
reason the reason that white people
should not say the n-word is the I mean
like literally the n-word is just a
variation on Negros we're just Spanish
for black that's all that's where that's
where the n-word comes from yeah that's
all it means it's black right yep the
reason we don't say it is to show
respect I want to say it because usually
when that word is used it's in a
horrible horrible kind of box because
that with that word was used in a
horrible racist manner doing slate I'm
what I'm saying is taking away that word
does nothing to get rid of the context
behind it no but that's not why it's
you've just you've just taken a word out
of vocabulary yeah but I think I think
you have to separate things and you're
shoving them together you know it's it's
it's wrong because we have become less
racist
or it's gone it's we can't say it we
don't we can't say because we don't want
to say it and we don't want to say it
because there's less racism so I think
you're looking at it backwards it's just
a thought I was having cuz the whole
political correctness thing in the best
of the worst mm-hmm no it's fine it
reminded me of episode of Star Trek TOS
and as a time travel episode and I think
like the guy who was from modern-day
earth said something on the road I
forget why but like I think the word
Negril came up yeah and you notice some
heard he said I might offend you and
probably one of my favorite Star Trek
moment or her looks and I'm like
confused for a second which is like oh
racism has been dead for a hundred years
that that used to work it means nothing
right and we're not there yet we're not
there yet but I think and I but here's
the thing I think one the word is my
point is only the word itself is any
inherent power and only has power
because people have these horrible
beliefs right without racism the word
it's meaningless it's just letters
strung together right yeah but I think
your your your original statement of
like banning the word does nothing is is
irrelevant because we haven't banned the
word to end racism we racism there is
less racism now and so we have chosen
not to use them laughter after all the
ship leg Fergus I used to think that
after all this shit with Ferguson I'm
not so sure
you know I'm it's less I'm not saying
it's gone I think it there is less
racism today
not gone
I got a trickery pickle
you're rich
you've got to take that thing out as
quick as you fucking can and there isn't
it's now it's over here
you can't see it well no one can shoot
it oh here's what you want to do
who has movement my two specialists you
want to get everybody as far away from
your fucking ranger as possible
right and at least get in the vicinity
of that thing
and dodge a shot and take out that thing
sure it's like but I don't want to go
into overwatch cuz I don't want to shoot
myself choice it's a shame this
encounter did not take place in like an
open area no you don't want to go in
over well how much shelf is you over
yours drive a tick tick shot but you
can't take a hit I think I think the
only person that over launch is gonna
shoot at is you with your ranger yeah
I'm worried about always hunker down
turkey burger - says you're mixing up
sing a - - - with calling someone - - -
notice I say it twice and called no one
- - - sure Oh what they can mind control
multiple havel is that mine controllers
I just have oh oh no that one's free
okay
the other ones free now oh come on
I've never seen that they can switch you
there mind control and Oh for fuck's
sake that was my sniper - I like my
sniper I was I was better armed when I
had this encounter if I would have known
well I might have to save scum this I
couldn't ruin it I couldn't ruin it it's
a neat thing I wouldn't have skull
jacked if I if I had thought about
telling you I thought about it mm-hmm
but I'm like that's not really what they
know I know you want you want me to
experience yeah it was the right that
was the correct call okay what do I do
here you're my healer right yeah you're
my grandma you know I haven't I haven't
tried it maybe you could just flee this
encounter
well no no this is kind of what you'd
lose that that person it was kind of
storyline - yeah mission so
my Ranger could get a good stand out do
you have to kill this alien can't you
just blow up that thing and run this
this this alien right here it's actually
kind of a storyline encounter I'm not
sure if you can run from this well see
here's neutralized the avatar is now it
is an objective yeah so you do have he
does have to kill this creature as far
as as far as getting the data transfer
I wouldn't me personally and not worth
the risk of activating more aliens and
making the situation even uglier oh yeah
I'm not worried is that a sniper loop I
got mind control yeah get close yeah
that's what I'm gonna do I'm gonna go
over here get full cover and then I'm
gonna combat protocol the thing to make
it move oh that's you know what nice
call yeah nice call jack and then I'm
gonna see where it ends up
that's a guaranteed to hit now take too
often just see where it jumps wait it
ever gain full help - I didn't get that
fuck during this battle I'm so fucked
oh you're not gonna jump this down there
we go
now we're talking do I got over here oh
yeah I got some people over here now
just start fucking flanking and shooting
just I just want to see who can do the
most damage because they're gonna jump
again right oh yeah you know what yeah
yeah so I think good good Jack you were
thinking tactically I'm thinking tax I
like that so I think my slash can do the
most one-off damage 91% five to seven
damage I think that's the most that's a
91% so let's go for that
for Gray's get right out of town nobody
you know you're getting so fucked you
know they're so fucked I wish you didn't
do this in an extraction mission I can't
even I can't even fucking imagine that
I'm so fuck no you are fuck I know you
are there's just nothing I can do I'm
just gonna get out all right into my
sniper here don't shoot me
hunker down hungry bound to get behind
good cover
don't let that sniper take down can you
move over behind that that big thing
that looks like an air conditioner
yeah and then they got on the blue side
can you get a shot I'm not a lien that's
over there that might be close enough to
get a shot I'm so fucked anyway oh I've
been I've been surprised at the
situation's I've gotten out of like I
told the story about the Ranger guys
hunker down and by the way shed I
survived a retaliation mission with a
ranger who killed 10 aliens
single-handedly after everyone else was
able to evac but him evac er died mostly
died it was an awful mission until the
end
when beastmode happened and look they're
healing they're healing every turn god I
don't even know I didn't even know he
healed how I don't know healed we didn't
fuck you're getting so fucked you might
want to you might want to save scum
before your your auto-saves are too far
back
no I mean I got my I got my saves come
at the beginning of the mission I say
it's good oh you did a manual soon yeah
okay fuck your grenade how about that
that won't do no good that will heal it
well grenade is a guaranteed shot and
this is my first move okay so I'm
fucking taking it I'm gonna I mean I'm
save scumming oh god this game looks
unplayable jack is a rookie who has
gotten himself into a bad position a
very bad position this is supposed to be
difficult because this is a like a
storyline in kind of is one of the main
things you need to do to progress yeah
and I did not know this was coming
mm-hmm and rich didn't tell me which it
was the right call not to tell me but I
was not ready for this and I didn't need
to do this insane
was I able to rescue any of the squad
that got captured not on that particular
game but on a later game I lost is
actually I lost all of my snipers in one
mission I lost two snipers and I got one
of them back in a rescue mission which
was kind of neat and then I got squad
wipe the first time I came across the
sector pod like two missions later all
right all right we're making it we're
making some some ground up this time go
over there don't go over there that
doesn't help me
fuck
I have at least you have the good armor
I have a crazy chance here right it will
leave me a note of cover you do it you
do it you do what you have to do leaves
me incredibly out of cover making some
good games yes yes I got one person left
nope not the right place but that's fine
a ranger huh where's your I already got
him with the Ranger okay Rangers over
here no you can you can you can give me
a close enough to do that no I already
got him to the Ranger oh no no to shoot
yeah yeah yeah if I go here actually can
you fish around yeah okay you shoot him
no no I can shoot my guy now oh oh
that's never mind well I think I have
line of sight if I go here probably if I
go oh
highlight the you see that that
crosshair and the enemy yeah if you can
see that where the cursor is you know
you'll see them from where your cursor
is at that point but you can't really
see use the zoom out like move around
see when that that goes away that
crosshair yeah I read that I was like oh
that's a great idea that's really hard
oh so really I could hit him from here
but if I go here I can probably a decent
shot yeah okay if you hold down Z by the
way that's how you zoom out
fifty-two I guess I'll take 52 okay okay
how much are you gonna heal how much you
gonna heal oh fuck it's okay
it's okay you got this oh fuck Who am I
gonna lose Who am I gonna lose they
gonna lose missile yeah but it's a good
pistol oh no nobody's dead nobody's dead
okay with this I can deal with this did
you still can use the blade at least
yeah okay I don't know they're panic
they're done
oh they're panicking you know they're
done because we didn't get the thing you
use long you kill this guy okay great
come on just come on Bradford we have
shit to do I don't care about your damn
message don't you understand what's at
stake
son of a bitch Bradford okay who do I
got who do I go if you if you do this
though is this gonna be the most
satisfying victory whatever if I can get
no-one to die on this
this will be your most satisfying
mission failure of all time do you have
anything that can strip that cover
well now about making a teleport like I
have suppression yep that pins down the
target granting reaction and fire if it
moves and imposing a 50% penalty on
target same with that pin down this
target oh wait you're Ranger that's
burning yeah go to that Ranger that
Rangers up no I can't
how much health how much help they have
for I could do it that will stop the
burning which is something you might
want to do or unless you can kill less
you need it do that last yeah cuz
killing this thing might be more
important I'm just saying burnings gonna
take off like 2 or 3 health every turn I
don't think it's burning anymore it
probably is
okay 33%
I have a better shot with my sniper
right okay Oh God
you can do this you could do this see
deep breath
oh no oh you might want to thank you
I actually no no you're like damn damn
good job that was worth the high five
damn good job
ha we did it we did it
that's right fuck you anime man your
hair means nothing to me
thanks jyggalag the achievement did
spoil it but yeah I figured that was the
win ah that was great that way I mean
I'm we missed the main objective which
also oh sure but like the main objective
also would have given us supplies that
would have been nice but no like that
was a suitable challenge and I'm really
glad that I won on stream that's one of
those no.3 like someone saw me do that
that was essentially a boss fight yeah
yeah I can heal you there cuz I still
have I think I still have people to kill
can you just extract now Oh
I mean you failed the mission anyway
alright
oh you're panicked too
I mean listen there there are more
important people to eat well now I guess
that what is kind of the same and I'd
rather have my ranger are they burning
it does not look like they're burning
but
won't hurt to give me yes this this does
take away points on the Avatar project
Oh does it yes oh good my avatar project
is fuck that's not that bad I wish it
were actually wish you were more
difficult well what I'm saying is my
dots are almost all the way like I know
but it's fairly easy to manage I know
the point is they what I actually like
the Avatar project I've heard some
people bitch about it they're wrong
the first game you could just sit back
and and wait on story things until you
were tected all heaven and invulnerable
yeah here there's always something
that's kind of kicking you in the ass
you keep going keep going
I like that yeah but it's almost too
easy to manage I say that but I've seen
people online bitch about it
bitterly so really yeah stupid stupid
avatar project always countdown so okay
everybody reload everybody get your shit
together we got more people to kill we
got more people to kill fucking do it
note the cap on the side of Jess Jax
mask that fires George like too rich
possibly no I hope cuz it's not like
germs aren't just airborne it's in
liquid mm-hmm and so like when I cough
or when I talk it's like the little bits
of liquid water that's what spits out
and the mask catches all of those so
that don't get into the air
okay who needs money you need to read
click click the mouse over the read the
over the little red down arrow to see if
feather burden which something I never
did I guess there's something go to the
go back a sudra go back to the panic
soldier little there's no arrow which I
guess means she's okay
the soldier is shaken I did heal them so
that you could have been varying but oh
then if you healed them that it
definitely yeah I didn't I notice those
little indicators I never I never knew
that you could highlight them to see
what the status ailment was yeah I have
a couple people who are shaken okay now
we need to find what other enemies are
still in here
looks like the Avatar project right yeah
just I find the basis and I just sit on
them until it gets desperate now okay
I'll take a base now oh yeah and even
even when they get fully loaded which
mine has then it's like oh now you have
18 hours oh so it's it's supposed to add
pressure yeah essentially it's 18 game
days oh yeah it's right 18 days see it's
supposed to add pressure but it's not
really that bad yeah I agree
it's not that bad I was really worried
when I reached my final mark and then it
was like oh you have 18 days as I oh and
actually I did some other stuff in that
18 days like a I went to home base and
healed my troops a bit got some more
supplies just the mask yeah that your
dick butters gotten all stressed out
it's like he's like a segmented dick
button
now you can look at it later I'm sure I
was showing a chat segmented dick but
sweepy sweepy is saying the Avatar
project is honestly less threatening
than enemy unknown slash enemy with ends
doom tracker
it's very abusable and you could just
stand on the edge of the cliff and never
lose yeah but here's the thing with
enemy Unknown enemy with ends doom
tracker you do an early game satellite
Rush and you never have to worry about
it because the it isn't literally
impossible or nearly impossible for the
aliens to win this is is better arguably
not severe enough if you know how to
handle it to not be truly threatening
but considering I've seen complaints
it's probably about as threatening as
the devs could honestly make it well not
too much backlash so I get it I just
want to reveal the last enemy's why
you're so I can fight them I have to
fight look at that one
you're gonna people will die yeah well I
have to fight them to leave try to put
down a learning zone
oh I guess I could well listen I can i I
have enough firepower done and your call
your call if you want the experience cuz
I think that's all you're getting at
this point just the experience from
killing monsters that's your call oh
three health and before health maybe
this is the only thing I need to kill
even though I won't get points for it uh
you could try maybe that's all the game
is waiting for
yep yep still enemies yeah
do-do-do-do-do leaving now mr. Bibb says
remember that last I checked some of the
top minds removed but top mods remove
both the time limits and the Avatar
project from progressing threat 8 what
players want that's true nobody can
bitch about the game babies because the
game gets easy when you when you when
you have like the full tech and no time
limit you can take your time regress to
the levels that that's what makes it
easy right so if you think the game is
too easy and you're using mods that's
not the thing to do you know people
spent a lot of time figuring out what
the best game for the player would be
and sometimes the best game is a game
that kicks your ass at firsts
I was unsure about the time limits
myself then I got good I got better well
like you said it's it's different than
ex-cons and I think a lot of people
coming in tax come to of course our fans
of X Tom and so that was probably a bit
of a kick to the gut yeah
really so rather than focus on strategy
the game wasn't deep enough that they
had to artificial and artificial
difficulty no they added in a mechanic
that that made you change your
strategies rather than doing the same
strategy that worked over and over again
maybe there was another way they could
have done it but this is also a way to
shake things up okay three enemies six
soldiers wounded raiding I oh god
everyone sucks but you're alive you know
what you might be disappointed in
yourselves but you're alive take that
sons of bitches and by the way they they
did they did add to the difficulty of
the strategic element because there's so
many ways that will fuck your shit up oh
really
I hadn't noticed yeah there are some
enemies that will fuck your shit up
straight-up
fuck your shit whenever this is good I
it's it's challenging it means when you
win you feel satisfied I mean fucking
stunned Lancers you and you encountered
an early end in great numbers and they
will fuck your shit up from the other
side of the goddamn map almost yep
two promotions looking over everybody oh
yeah everybody hurts so good
find myself not really using suppression
that often yeah but the other skills
shit too
actually the other skill is real shit
demolition doesn't guarantee the
destruction of cover and it doesn't
damage the alien you're almost always
better off chucking a grenade at it oh
sure but if you I mean you have to pick
one like oh if I if I don't have the
option to damage them but other people
could get a better shot you don't forget
at least with suppression you you can
kind of neutralize that alien fraternity
there in a desperate situation I've used
the stray cover and then nothing
happened to the cover and it just pissed
me off it's a waste of a pic they did a
good job they did a good job with
rebalancing the difficulty I mean the
rebalancing that the class perks mm-hmm
that is not one case of it yeah well I
guess technically it's balanced cuz they
both kind of suck but and I would always
take suppression myself
then building says I know rich does
stuff for money so does everybody that's
it's called jobs how can I contact you
to do something like a podcast for money
I don't know about that like people I
don't know what a podcast is weird be
weird I'm actually a fairly shy person
if I'm around people I don't know that
well I could actually be kind of quiet
and introverted do you mean like an
interview of rich I was participating in
a podcast kind of the same thing I just
assumed yeah if you're talking to him
via Skype yeah I said I assume but I
don't you know oddly oddly a fairly shy
person if I'm around people I don't know
yeah all right
I don't know who you are I don't know
what you do up okay where are you what
are you a cool way I have two engineers
available maybe it's maybe it's a
podcast for people who advocate
violently beating babies you know I
don't want to get involved with that
that's true for realsies now I need more
faceless intentions yes I know I have a
Supply Drop available unknown entity
could be the key do you remember that I
was there before you told me to go on
this stupid mission you don't do you
I'm gonna get the supplies we're gonna
build some rooms and then we're gonna
call it all right god damn it darker
what they completed it there okay I
thought that was like I yeah I got some
supplies hey hey rich did you see armor
skeptics review of space cop he makes
some good points I didn't know armored
skeptic did a review of space cop I'll
have to check it out
did he hate it Advent has legions of
these mechanized units out there helping
to gremlin Merc - oh we get a new
gremlin man that would be weird maybe
doesn't actually subscribed our versus
an average armored skeptic oh yeah yeah
well maybe the armored skeptics knows
you are and was waiting for you to
comment you're subscribed and you didn't
see it
check your subscriptions sorry man what
YouTube YouTube like display shit now I
could be subscribed to something and
never notice when a new video comes out
okay this is this is good cuz I like my
specialist so I just got a new gremlin
rich what is your hat it's a hat it's
called a baseball cap and see if you can
identify the team it's like a
what's not here
look
into the desert autopsy can anyone
identify that Bevis baseball cap
relation to there anything we can do we
can do to somebody who knows this we
have too many games we can give we'll
give you a list of of things we have
available to gift and first person who
knows that you had a steam game number
coolies number coolies is right with the
Joliet jackhammers can we are we
okay just don't exercise you know you
can go yeah Gomberg Gilley's we got you
I'll take care of it after scream I'll
send you a message on twitch to get an
email and we will send you some games
that we have in our steam gift inventory
oh I got an incendiary grenade that's
fun I haven't gotten one of those yep
that's new oh okay now I have some
supplies bt-dubs so now I should be able
to build a room okay so let's see what
we got here build facilities boom we got
a laboratory we got a workshop we got a
power lay we got our advanced warfare
center soldiers may gain a bonus ability
outside of their current class whenever
they are promoted in addition an
engineer can be staffed at the AWC to
decrease the time our soldiers need to
recover from injuries very important or
we could get a Scilab the Scilab will
allow rookie soldiers to train as Sai
operatives substituting standard soldier
training for the intense mental ordeal
that will unlock their lateness
Yanik talents oh my god that sounds
awesome
how do you choose rich what are your
options here
well obviously I'm going for advanced
courses prepare senators iLabs
they're both fine choices this helps all
of my troops all of the time yes this
you're getting injured a lot
so in your case yeah I was - I was - at
first I'm getting better right so your K
is probably a medpor first I know it's
like it's not as fun it's silent you got
a play with SCI soldiers at some point I
just I've just started I put it off for
a while because there was other things I
thought I needed to build yeah and I was
getting by without sighs soldiers but
they're neat okay
engineer
oh wait I could have that end extra
engineer clear out some
this hat isn't horrible shivers yeah
yeah it looks like it's seen better days
I can't get another one the team is no
going yeah I work on evacuating
that's what you work on those currents I
was gonna wear some of my minor in the /
independent league caps sure jump the
Geo escape actually I think that's about
it that's all I wanted to do this save
game new save my saves are incredibly
boring that's whatever is efficient for
you okay I just know the highest number
is my current save all right my service
is there any way I guess you can't put
that on the big screen I definitely
can't read that from here I know you're
sick I don't even think I can bring it
close no I hear ya
oh then I won't be able to have this
even be in the mic if you if you love
rich Evans you love the fact that Jack
is wearing a face mask
it's it it's extremely it's extremely
considerate especially considering he's
on camera it makes it look a little bit
silly it's extremely considerate and
it's very much appreciated by me you
know in in countries with densely
populated areas like China and Japan
mm-hmm this is why people wear medical
mask yeah it's not to protect themselves
from disease is to keep their illnesses
from spreading hmm so like you know you
see those photos of them like walk down
the streets in these masks it's to
protect others is to protect those runs
okay - I may be gonna be a can you even
think you'll be able to see these okay
you're sick you shouldn't be screaming
names Mario Mario for
to 20 months in a row to zero
yes Wow specs for 13 months in a row
press B dick punch joins the one-year
Club toad decimals bear strong hello
subscribe auto scroll think yeah yeah
baby Slayer 1 5 6 17 months in a row
mr. shy smile 16 months in a row
hambert a Cabbage Patch 13 months in a
row tambour eh k 13 months in a row 6 6
21 months in a row oh I didn't say that
last month because I thought first time
I've seen 20s is today yeah casual horse
wildlife preserve lost in technicolor 19
months in a row MC Lucas 20 months in a
row darth Ozai krieger 7 8 3 17 months
in a row
spookily gruff nick military earlier
been vermin mister glitch fifteen months
in a row em pal sir econ center purple
space bazooka 13 months in a row bare
strong drunkie drunkie peep qin ox aaron
y axiom - Dax 13 months in a row pigeon
6 1 5 ah the good old la fuck my cock
top ramens joins the 1-year Club Hey
Godfather Godfather 42 13 months in a
row the Rising Sun 15 months in a row
what oh we we had an oh my god oh yeah
well the Bruno 3 says hey rich hey guys
rich did you like Marcus Semien when he
played for the Sox I asked as I played
college baseball with him and we're good
friends he didn't play much but now is
the shortstop for Oakland see ya I've
been Ivan
living off here I've kind of been out of
the loop of the day-to-day wide Sox
routine because they get shit national
coverage so I can't even I can't even
recall the name honestly vaguely it
sounds vaguely familiar they even said
like he didn't play much yeah yeah back
to subscribers proxy claims I'm sorry
that's proxy clams proxy clams sometimes
I forget our inside jokes Chakotay has
culture
Chakotay has culture what that's his
entire characterization van Belding lady
Denning mr. Beebe's
licorice and shreddies 17 months in a
row favorite customer home town mark up
18 months in a row noble kinsman you
hear they're Rassman right I feel very
bad for you right now thank you all so
much for subscribing we really hold on
I'll come on camera for this it's true
we really thank you so much for
subscribing we really do appreciate it
we do we do
I'm gonna go back off camera no I was I
was I was sitting there off-camera this
whole time so I could read this stuff on
the computer I'll go
camera now
