Udderly Ridiculous part 2 (Stardew Valley)
April 3, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3oQ4Un7PCE

honey remember what I was doing no idea
what I was doing right now I'm just
gonna turn the game off I'm just gonna
read comments all night don't stop
please don't stop it's fine rich I have
heard you are an excellent kisser can
you use the empty space to your left and
show us your kissing technique with an
imaginary partner by kissing the air
there you go there you go spy net 3 1 5
says rich why is there so much extra
space next to me why don't you send
yourself in the frame because you always
pave yourself off in the bottom corner
it's weird it'd be weird if I were dead
center but yourself as far over into one
corner or the other and you have your
head looking towards the rest of the
screen that's the pro way to do it
alright alright I'm looking I'm just
looking for stuff I could forage right
now to get some extra cash I think any
attempts of deeper strategy are just
gonna get sidetracked we're gonna pick
these dandelions up
gotten to a point where I can pretty
much yeah my main game where I can just
ignore forage at this point unless I
want something specific for a cooking
recipe or something weird like I can
never find plums Nick Bevan jurors says
Nick Nevinger says the poetic thing you
don't understand was a Stephen Sondheim
song send in the clowns from the Little
Night Music he wrote things like Sweeney
Todd into the woods and other musicals
okay
weird thing quote and you know send in
the clowns we're Phineas Pohl a Phineas
Poe guy again
here's a quote from the series funny
that she wore latex latex gloves to cut
me open and ten minutes earlier I was
inside her without a condom okay
anonymous says hey rich you should play
towel required it's a free indie game
where you throw towels at naked old men
in a locker room shower while trying to
avoid touching them
seems like my kind of game no well
avoiding touching them sure but I don't
want to be in a shower with a bunch of
naked old men this is not me this is not
me sure it's for some people fine but
rich can you do a quick impression of
Jesus on the cross there we go
was that too quick
knowledge junkie says four dollars to
remind everyone that we have less than
four minutes to stand up really
appreciate Jack's stand-up reminders and
wanted to make sure everyone remembered
I am remember
oh I'll stand up now fucking oh my god
Tom agon says rich can the next
character be Eloise Cole also do you
think Batman V Superman can be edited
into a better film no it can't be edited
into a better film unless there's
footage on the cutting room floor
that gives Lex Luthor motivation that's
a major problem Lex Luthor's just doing
shit for no real solid clear reason and
I don't know that any amount of editing
can make this Superman not a unlikable
prick that's that's that seems like more
of a rewrite problem also you need to
redo that doomsday shit entirely because
that did not work and that was not a
satisfying conclusion and I'm also not
fond of the actual Batman Superman
Throwdown just being a dumb slugfest
it's not how I would handle a Batman
Superman encounter turning it into a
slugfest is just dumb Grethe McMillan
Terry says is it too early to ask to
volunteer myself
Grethe McMillan Terry as a member of
Rich's intrepid FTL crew would make me
feel better at that horrid nightmare I
just had about demented clowns fun
Fandango says rich I hear you I hear you
are excellent at twerking can you
demonstrate in the open space to your
left no I will not do that
orange jo 12:20 says should I do more
pixel figures of the rest of the rlm
crew you could I don't know that they
would appreciate it as much as we would
but those are really nice I'm gonna I'm
gonna stand up and there's gonna be 20
donations but time I get back
how did I stretch there all right how
many of these things do we have her
the real van says for people who did
don't hate good things there is a Batman
and Lovecraft crossover comic called the
doom that came to Gotham by Mike Meg
I can never pronounce the name Mignola
no that's easy I guess Mignola I thought
there would be a lot harder to pronounce
just looking at you see like Gees and
ends and weird things for people who
like those two things it's pretty great
none of us is hey rich
I think twitch stream should be
educational can use the blank space to
your left to show us how to properly
check yourself up or a friend for breast
cancer
thanks you know what I would I like
doing educational and believe in breast
cancer awareness but I am NOT a
qualified medical professional I do not
know how to give a proper breast
examination so I cannot do that I feel I
would be giving out disinformation co v
KU v cou i couldna so i'm something
that's Kuby finished Firewatch today
from jack's recommendation enjoyed it
but i agree with you not much of a game
interesting story also will with there
be more appearances from your newest
half in the bag character possibly I
mean we I don't know where you know we
go with that storyline was my that
character might be dropped I mean we
always just find that when I when I'm
participating in review there's always
some new character or excuse you home
horn me in there so we may or may not
use that particular character again
yonder yonder says just wanted to give
you recognition for a superb standing up
job well done
thank you glad you like my standing up
chantix 20 rich that chair looks pretty
uncomfortable you've been sitting there
for a while maybe try sitting to the
empty chair next to me ah you know what
I'm good I'm good
trader tesage cinch trader tots inch
says in that case I hope you bought dawn
of work oh my god I hope you bought dawn
of work too when I asked campaign co-op
is Helldivers with story I hope you give
it a 30-minute try doesn't have to be
streamed how much how much tip to
guarantee $5,000 will guarantee I will
play dawn of war to crocodile brain says
please play FTL or spelunky or anything
else instead of this Harvest Moon thing
organ trail one finger death punch or my
Zak and wiki don't donation for wiiu fox
have a we hear right now but i don't
think i'm gonna get around to playing
anything tonight I just don't think
that's on the table because movie says
hey oh rich we please name the FTL FTL
ship creepy silent clown the clowns
tonight that seems appropriate for some
reason also can we buy those great pixel
magnets off you and Jack from as off of
you and Jack at the red letter store
well you might want to get back to hold
on just going on good as his proper name
Orange Joe for that I think that's
something he just does he might be made
custom make your own pixel guys nemesis
Jack blink once for guilty blink twice
for we know jack is not here tonight
it's just me and I'm not guilty of
anything so I'm not blinking okay I'm
gonna play five seconds of game one one
thousand two one thousand three one
thousand four one thousand five one
thousand
six-one oh my god this is why I really
need a partner cuz then things can still
you know late you're fucking late
anonymous anonymous says how old do you
think most kids should be before they're
allowed to see Batman vs Superman how
about the Christian Bale and older 80s
90s Batman's what was the app to help
parents with movies oh I don't remember
the name of that app I just don't recall
as far as how old the kids should be
before they see Batman vs Superman well
I don't think our rated films are as
traumatic for children as most people do
like I said I saw Robocop when it was
brand new when I was really young and I
loved it that said that while that movie
is over-the-top with the violence and
it's not as just dark and hopeless and
depressing and miserable as a Batman vs
Superman is so I can't I can't say I'll
say 1212 old enough where you want to
pretend you're older than you are so you
like immature things that that seem like
they're for older people but they're not
really for older people they're for
immature young people as far as the Tim
Burton films despite despite the murder
pretty much all ages as far as the Dark
Knight I don't know there's any great
reason a child shouldn't see it but I
imagine you need to be a little bit
older before you really appreciated de
bourree H cases rich props of like make
sure I'm reading this right the props if
nothing I'm I'm not you know what I'm an
idiot I don't even know what a props
means so I'm just gonna I don't know I'm
saying that without knowing rich props
of nothing I'm wondering what your
thoughts are on John Wayne Gacy also
you're really crammed into the corner of
the screen could you just sit on the red
chair instead
is not happening I just I'm fine here
where I am this is a nice comfy couch
and I don't need to move as far as John
Wayne Gacy creepy son-of-a-bitch
what is what is so fascinating about oh
I'm full Ian
son of a bitch alright well I can't
really fish or anything I have to run
home and drop everything off what's so
fascinating about serial killers why is
that a thing
valve says rich how much for Star Wars
The Force Unleashed stream this
Wednesday $500 because I don't really
like that game I played a little bit of
it I thought it was shit Nana says rich
if you can get a hold of a copy of the
day the clown cried would you still
watch it despite your fears
I watched out of general curiosity
that's the I think that's the Jerry
Lewis one I'm assuming
you can play the order 1886 90% of that
game place itself anyway
freeing you up to read all of these
comments that's true that's true
and I think actually thinks shortly to
honor that that $25 donation we're gonna
switch this up to FTL because I don't
know I don't know how well this this
dream is working here the solo stream of
stardew valley III like the game but the
stream has all just been me standing in
a field while it's raining on me and I
can't find shit to forage fucking oh
here we go a leak fucking leak I don't
have to leak like take a leak it just
found a leak the vegetable guys that's
my joke the stream that's what we get
for comedy when I'm alone it's terrible
yonder yonder says if you promise not to
play the order 1886 spy net three one
five says I don't have anything to say
I just wanted to interrupt you my name
is States's rich great shirt what's your
favourite Mega Man game games also while
Jack is gone
are there any topics or things you enjoy
that you can discuss that you know he
can't stand I I thought about that I
really don't know that there is anything
I could talk about that he just can't
stand talking about the off switch says
hey Jack what is up with that clown
playing games next to you weird
hook Alex in the I sons what are your
thoughts on the additional movies plan
for the Star Wars universe would you
rather they leave it alone are you okay
with them if they're good stories I'm
not I'm not super worried about what
they do with the Star Wars brand because
most Star Wars things outside of the
main films and in recent years the main
films themselves have been shit anyway
so I don't really care
the force awakens even isn't even great
it's just decent and it's the first
decent Star Wars film we've had since
1983 many the verging you're gonna get
this name right I can't pronounce things
many the Vera King says rich how much
money to get the Earlham crew to play
the jack box party pack on rich how much
money to get the rlm crew to play the
jack box party pack on stream I don't
know what the fuck that is I've said
nine million dollars richer my favourite
stream was when you played FTL off
screen while Jack made us suffer through
the witness but this is a close second I
don't know how this is entertaining
anybody VAR yar 77 says hey rich just
wondering if you or absent Jack if you
know have ever launched the Terminator
TV show from a few years ago I loved it
and think it's one of the best elements
of the franchise never seen it sorry I
cannot comment on it you ever seen a
single episode
give us a real answer you Star Wars
living fuck that is my real answer
because I'm not a Star Wars loving fuck
I know I know Star Wars fans can't
conceive of anybody else not not like
jerking off all over Luke Skywalker's
face but I'm not I'm not that into it
it's fine basically it's just fine
traitor
Tod's each says quite outside my price
range they're rich diverse - bet you
won't get the game you asked for but
keep up the good work anyway I love
listening to your solo streams while
gaming or doodling doodling was it
doodling Dylan not Dylan says hey rich
can you please name an FTL crew member
after me in return I promised the name
my first child after you regardless of
its gender I'll probably forget I've had
like eight people asked me to name
things after them and they've gotten
lost in the river the sea of things
alright alright this is not working I'm
just gonna switch to FTL for a bit
fuck it there's been the worst stardew
valley stream I think of all time
should I give it more time
should I give starter more time Chad I
want you to honk if you think I should
give stardew valley more time Chad
alright alright oh no it's a fucking
crow eating my crop I wish you could
kill crows in this game this tune I can
water or do they not take their water
for some oh fuck
that's a weird
I wasn't gonna let those build-up for
good because I feel like I should be
doing something in this dream other than
reading much as I appreciate it
I'll read them just not right in a
second all right
firm watered
right now I'm just looking for crap to
forage anything to get me some early
income I probably stand for some mining
I don't know I can't go on the mind yet
that's gotta come later mines aren't
opening I really want to upgrade my
watering can get some watering done
quick and expand my crop operation and
then the forage fart waste of time waste
of fucking time
I know I know I can fish but I got all
day there's that big field where the the
onions grown and I'm gonna try and pick
up a bunch of onions and then I'll make
my way to water I'm gonna dig up this a
quart here before that shit grows and
get something hot damn way I don't want
shake it in my goddamn way I may never
have to work again
no onion sauce that's a kick in the ass
: indeed unbelievable amazing but
unbelievable oh my god I feel like I'm
playing X come to for the first time
again
and here's the plan
at night before going to bed that's when
I get caught up with the donation
reading
don't too distracted by Leia's hot-ass
mrs. fish come on you found out you fish
you stupid fish oh god I hate this this
bar is too small I need to level up
fishing more this is a lot easier when
you leveled up a bit more come on come
on
oh no no no oh here we go here we go got
it got it
god no you don't know you don't know you
don't you fucker it wants to live yes
chub that was just a chump
I think I think we're gonna marry lay
somebody ever fish what do you think a
fish
oh no she hates fish let hates fish
all right well that was a waste that was
a waste of a silver starfish those
fucking sardines such a small bar come
on you mmm
give up give up just give up just let it
happen
slick what happen I don't fuck this is
neighbor oh this is a nightmare
Oh fucking shop huh it's all I got out
of that a fucking job
oh yeah
nothing's biting got me something in
this play government Oh God Algie fuck
you fuck you too game it's fishing
exciting to watch I have no idea
some people are all about the profit in
this game
I brought relaxing spot relaxing and
enjoying the nature it was some fish
that's exciting
joy nature enjoy the relaxing life you
don't have a mortgage in this game
there's nothing holding you back and
you're not to pay for food
you have no mortgage you could sit
around all day in this game and do
nothing he'd be fine and I worry that
more Sunday all right all right bet on
those damn chubs
perfect
hey perfect Oh keep waiting for that one
to go back down it never did
I don't trash alright alright yeah
oh I'm full anyway I'm fine we'll go
we'll go sell the shit you just having a
bigger backpack
just gonna sell everything see how much
money I got for those fish they'll be
interesting that'll be fun to see all
right that's good that's a good day
that's a fine day what do we got where
did we leave off I'll scroll down 80
feet here oh my god
and I might have read this one but I'm
gonna read it again just in case Dilton
not Dilton said hey rich can you please
name an FTL crew member after me
returned promised to name my first child
after you regardless of its gender I
think I've read that one but just in
case make sure everyone gets read
anonymous says dear rich during a solo
stream have you ever worried about
someone suddenly frightening you while
you were deeply absorbed in a game that
would be unfortunate I haven't really
worried about that you know real life
doesn't have screamers many the Vera
king says the jack box party pack is a
fun party game that uses an app that
lets viewers play with you it's
basically like you don't know jack and
other games I highly recommend looking
it up I will I will look that up I will
look that up I just hadn't heard
anything about it
HAP's 78 says rich do you think
storyline involving return of armas
would have made a good TNG film
Armus Armus will see the that being that
killed the one that wanted to kill off
like half the Enterprise crew was that
Armas I don't remember if so I don't
know I've never overly fond of that
episode I'm trying to remember who Armas
was Jan if you remember who Armas was
tell me and Dilton Dilton says hey rich
since the name of my firstborn child
isn't enough what will it take for you
to remember my it's a name and FTL crew
member after me is it money I'd bet it's
money you cheap hack probably
Anonymous's rich has anyone ever blown
up a balloon animal and started rubbing
it on your face in an uncomfortable way
armless Corsair says holy fucking shit I
just tuned in and it was not expecting
the clown you guys owe me some new
undies okay Cedric says reg if you ever
been in a situation where you've seen
when multiple people have shown together
all their respective encouragement for
other situations in which you've which
for many have also clown let me simply
read this again this might make sense
rich have you ever been in a situation
where you have seen when multiple people
have shown together all their respective
encouragement for other situations in
which for many have also yes yes
anonymous says do you consider the rlm
guys
Jack more like friends or coworkers do
you ever call them on days off or if
they're out of town just say hi
I wish Jack were there call him up and
say we miss him
I will I will let him know you miss him
when I'm done streaming we were friends
before we were ever anything close to
the worker coworkers so it's not really
like I think of them as coworkers
anonymous says everybody get up it's
time to slam now we got a real Jam going
down welcome to the Space Jam here's
your chance to do your dance at the
Space Jam all right
I thin mage says to free up game time
after you're done have a clown make
balloons you could be on twitch creative
just zoom into the clown's face black
backdrop make balloons read donations
win lol fuck my cock said axe says when
you guys ever consider playing a classic
Sid Meier game like sieve to sieve one
or colonization would it be a tip
donation suggestion Kickstarter campaign
etc how can we support this worthy goal
for no particularly great reason I've
not played any of the Civ games I know I
should I think it's a situation where I
probably wouldn't want to do it for the
very first time on stream because that
never works favorite customer says hi
rich we talked about how complete and
nomina MIDI on the Internet and I know I
said that weird but fuck it is only a
good thing and why no one should be able
to own guns we could talk about that I
like a nominee Mahna Mahna Mahna Mahna
midi on the internet and guns that's
that's a that's a quagmire right there
overly political with that
anonymous says I want to donate more but
I'm wondering you get to keep all the
money for yourself on a solo stream rich
you're getting lots of tips and it'd be
a shame for you to get half the money to
Jack when he doesn't do anything
that's very true that's very true I'm
good I am we have it worked out I am
going to get all of the donation money
for tonight all of it every cent is
going to rich Evans all right go to
sleep for the night
number one fishing all right I'd love
one
baby Oh
our Aris was half 78 says Armas was the
creature that killed Tasha are now keep
that ugly fucking monster away from in
CNG movies I can only assume that listen
choke Tasha are for anybody who hasn't
watched TNG and i don't know why anybody
wouldn't was a character in the first
season of next-gen and she wanted out of
her contract and they murdered her off
and the show was better without her
honestly Worf got a promotion or fourth
got her old job
all right ah her stuffs all right so the
land sides been removed I can mine and
just a speech just to speed things up
I'm not really doing into that you know
that's an awfully long letter oh my god
that's like eight pages no I just didn't
all right
now I could buy more seeds but I think
my energy is better spent in the mines
because I want to upgrade my fucking
watering can and we haven't done any
mining yet so let's go do mining oh wait
don't have a said well I think I'll get
the sword
Anonymous is rich I have a solution to
your tip reading problem you play the
game then have Jax skyping from home in
order to read the tips brilliant and
take a while to set that up it's a good
idea it's a good idea I'm sure he's
probably busy editing something or what
not right now going to mines don't have
time to pick up that deadline cuz I want
room for ore and shit on my way back
that that dandelion is very likely to
still be there that's why I skipped that
dandelion I know some of you were
probably really just yelling at your
screen and pointing you got to pick that
up wouldn't you pick up the dandelion
rich no I got reasons I got reasons okay
now we're gonna get our sword cuz you
know what I really wanted a harvest mood
game was was thorns I could do I could
do with that without the mining
all right shop
rich solo streams are typically more
boring than streams with Jack I don't
say much I don't do much just boring oh
my god used to having better equipment
like why didn't that thing break
ooh amethyst ooh
exit - oh I missed a thing I missed a
thing oh what a fucking weakling why are
why are slimes such a role playing game
staple how did that happen no I got a
geode we're just gonna have like stupid
shit in it did not need a combat monster
system it just did not
I wanted to playroom factory I played
room factory then again this isn't
really Harvest Moon either technically
practically yes technically no oh
ditch the wood good call good call
any more fucking yes or not time to
share
