Get Old Faster!! (GoNNER)
November 11, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZwMAczusy3I

was I dunno yeah boom and boom oh and we
need to can you update update cherry art
in the heart huh what's this called
donger goderdzi oh and NER it's loud
it's loud oh that's true
Gino suave says the real threat is
getting your account banned and losing
all of your games
that is real true someone could just
fuck with you okay we are gonna play
Gunnar
I have heard this is like spelunky but
you shoot things
okay something to drink I'm going to
figure out how to play this game oh it's
arty arty shit's happening already
there's a whale oh my God look I'm a
little color blob alright come here
whale friend okay
alright alright maybe I don't need to
get all of them this is cute and some of
what somewhat off-putting at the same
time yeah oh look you're like a little
skeleton boy with a whale friend adorbs
this won't be boring immediately
this is goner gon yeah that's called
goner I cannot tell you how I heard
about it i but it looked it's it's
supposedly oh oh look at my little skull
face yay no I'm happy
no I'm happy it's supposedly like
spelunky but you shoot things maybe I'm
wrong
nope oh my god spit out that little
intestine
oh you can wall jump look at that great
great oh oh oh my glory
okay okay
Oh
anodite oh and
that oh I need to pick up my pieces I'm
in love I'm in love
Jax faces this is fun but I want to
fucking destroy this game I hope I get
it I get it
well Artie I kind of love that the
levels build themselves around you when
you are close okay can't destroy that
snail at the same time it's kind of
frustrating cuz you know I'd like to
know like what's going on in the level
but I'm gonna deal with it
i'ma deal with it don't you dare don't
you dare get out of here little batty
fuck
it's procedurally generated Megaman but
with a funky ass art style not sure if I
like the look I guess another go for
some stylistic yep because it's easier
than making nice-looking sprites maybe
but I don't think it looks nice
oh it's a style oo style ah you know hey
whatever you have limited bullets yeah
you have limited bullets can Megaman sue
them no because this doesn't take place
in space I mean I mean in Megaman
universe you are not a robot you are not
a you are not a robot fighting other
robots for power-ups and hands mighty
number 9
so you have to kill all the things no I
think you just need to get to the end
I'm killing all the things cuz it makes
my path to the end easier Oh like that
when you die you have to like find all
your pieces oh okay
what I don't know how do you know it's
not a robot fighting robots because I'm
a little skeleton thing and you know
they're not a robot that looks like a
skeleton how do you know that how do you
know that Jack okay this is stylistic of
the point where it's obnoxious
no necessarily yes nope
ah and it likes it well might be fun I'm
not saying it isn't fun they haven't
sold me on the look they haven't sold
you in the look
no okay turn it
and I think like the look is part of the
thing that's engaging me because it is
different I like I like more isn't
always good
oh no but that's like that's what's
keeping me going you know different is
frequently bad is why people are afraid
to experiment with a different right
that's what's that's what's engaging me
at the moment it's not just another
pixel art shooter or or adobe flash
animation something a little weird I
like it when they get a little weird
we do whatever's if a bullet doesn't
spawn is it guaranteed to spawn I don't
know I have a I have a reload thing but
I think that runs out to I heard the
doorbell there's a lot I don't know rich
about gunner
Reacher the doorbell
Richard a doorbell that could mean
someone is here I think rich said Karen
was coming over oh that's nothing
go hey Karen
welcome welcome welcome too much no
press number three no like my mother my
mother does not do expressways she does
not do Express wings and it's a little
over hi chat miles to where to where my
parents lives so I went down I went down
there the other day spent the night yeah
then we took my mom's car but we drove
up here and she spent the night your
mother came up my mother came up to
visit and then the next day we drove
back down there and then I spent the
night and then I drove back up here
again
oh my so I made I've made the journey
four times like four days which I mean
it's not god-awful but it's and a couple
of those trips I had some nice traffic
both both ways down I had some nice
traffic jam yeah I ran all the way there
so
you can hear me chomping my gamma
schmoly throw that thing in there uh-huh
what the filters covered my whole face
now it's cover my face oh my goodness
what do you play I'm playing a game
called goner which is has this very
unusual animation style and is basically
roguelike Mega Man where you shoot the
things and every level is different how
do you feel about this game here in the
three seconds you've seen it yeah three
seconds you've seen it looks remarkably
simplistic oh yeah no that's fair is
that a bad thing
oh I wasn't saying we'll see I mean
you're asking me that I haven't always
been about a game that I've been looking
at out of the corner of my eye for two
minutes I like the little Victrola there
but I like the Stride Gum too which is
supposed to be melon peach and tastes
like neither melons nor peaches but it's
pretty good I don't know what it does
taste like oh yeah so there wasn't them
Oh sleepover
you know sleepover with my mom wild
times all right Jack I'm not sure where
you left off Jehovah's Witness what if
somebody said yo VA's witness Oh who's
at the door I said oh I gotta have
something at the door I had the doorbell
okay and then I took off there's a lot
of Jehovah's Witness no there's a lot of
Jehovah's Witnesses in my parents
neighborhood but they have two very
friendly actually but two large dogs
does Elvis witnesses are you right no no
like my parents large dogs huh
two big hairy dogs very friendly dogs
but whenever whenever anybody comes over
for anything like that we're here to
talk to you about Jesus that's a big dog
smash dog ever
oh yeah yeah the one dog was like 120
pounds and he's just a big lover
in fact she had had them groom too
though
by the mobile grooming service and me
and her cousin brought over her cousins
two dogs and our neighbor's dog was over
and talked for me already he was like a
dog grooming party what guy was happy as
a clam he loves little tiny dogs when
the truck comes around
oh yeah cuz I mean you know it takes a
lot of gas for the mobile grooming truck
so oh yeah no turn otherwise says thank
you for the no politics talk
I agree appreciate it saw that hacksaw
Ridge I actually don't like it that much
the better flick on the subject is the
consciousness objector XL Ridge is the
new Mel Gibson war movie ya know Gibson
directed war movie his back baby he's
back he's back people don't care that
he's a horrible monster I'm burned out
on politics myself yep we're doing a
politics freestream not we're not
talking about it at all you know what
we're gonna we're gonna be we're gonna
be the clowns that everyone everyone
laughs at your clown straight where
you're where you are making the balloon
animals where's his head that was so
adorable oh well thank you
she do birthday parties I did a birthday
party and was a professional fun dad I'm
pro clown I've always liked clowns I'm
with you Karen what a smart woman you
are very smart you know what right there
people who like to make kids laugh yeah
yeah just made me cry yeah I know
there's a lot of kids who are just not
crazy about him
there's a lot of people in general who
are anti clown and it's just something
I've never quite understood it's like a
lot of dogs or anti Val I mean who
doesn't you know care more about the
dog's well-being than the vet pretty
much nobody becomes a vet if they don't
like dogs to begin with and then they're
being paid to take care of the dogs
right be extra motivated you say dog
bones are like pets
yeah I'm saying dog fear of the dog fear
of vets is like the kid fear of clowns
it's you know just doesn't really match
the reality of the situation know
oh yeah not this right now you strongest
real like I said my if the clown is not
entertaining the kid then it's not good
for the kid if the clown is just
creeping the kid out hmm well they mean
well health is a different thing you can
you can make someone healthy and they
don't know what you're trying to do when
they're sterile I mean that clowns have
entertainment doesn't work in the same
way you're entertained you're not
alright I just I just mean that they
both they're they're both things that
their respective clientele if you will
are are frightened by but that they have
you know the best of intentions
what's weird the way the land like
builds itself under you yeah I wish the
graphics like the guy the people were a
little bit more depth I mean I realize
he's a couple shades of blue it's giving
me a headache why I don't like a look at
this game yeah it's I'll bet this game
though looks a lot better on like a
phone I think part of the problem oh
that you couldn't play this on a phone
that would be a disaster you think yeah
how would you control it I think these
graphics would look better on him
well I don't know what's one of those
little on-screen touch pads or some shit
and the graphics on a tiny screen oh
well at least you wouldn't the the the
shortcomings of the graphics would be
less obvious when there are where whole
thing is I love you but I have never
known you to be more wrong and from
Lauren Tim says nothing they say nothing
it's just a message Oh weird
they say you're seriously old Manning
right now
well world what do you want well kids of
all nada says just an appreciation tip
for streaming a second game on a
surprise Friday stream thanks for
bringing us together for happy times
love to prereq and the chat yeah you
know I did I definitely felt bad missing
Wednesday and and so you know wait we
were able to be here be able to be here
well we'll play for a little bit longer
I don't know how much later we're gonna
go tonight button started it nice and
early so won't our con sus Karen on
November 17th planet coasters coming out
but you might need to use Rich's
computer or to plan also avoid
rollercoaster tycoon world it is literal
shit in mustard well I like mustard but
not shit not so much I've not heard good
things about it and and that's a shame
because I was waiting for so long for
the sequel to three to come out but yeah
I hear great things and I've seen I've
seen you know like previews of a planet
coaster and I I totally want it I
totally want to play it
so far the one the one disappointing
thing is I think I made it to like the
next level and it wasn't very clear like
it the level looked the same
yes yeah like I think I made it down to
the next thing but it looked the same I
do like the swallow you warp pipe thing
oh right the little wormie yeah and it
spits me a little warm but yeah there's
a lot of leg above this game my and and
you know obviously this is my first time
playing but so far I am not quite
positive on my progression okay we were
we were trying to entertain my mother
but the thing is we're boring pieces of
shit so we got her watching Arcos and
she likes I know she likes jackass I
favorite you might like Jack my guy I
mean I Jack she might like Bank right
yeah yeah she didn't seem too impressed
oh yeah hey a couple good bits in
beggar's yeah exactly there's a couple
of good bits I think it's bad grandpa's
problem this is just a couple good yeah
a couple good vets it's grant bad
grandpa was like the kind of thing that
you could like distill all of the good
bits and like run them for three minutes
at a time
you know periodically I'm like the Jimmy
Kimmel show and it would be great and
everyone would love that segment but
stretched out to a to a movie and in one
sitting
yeah yeah meant to be a web video yeah a
series of web videos yes yeah that was
probably its inception yeah as a series
as a series of five-minute bits there's
probably you know at least five good
ones in there the feel a little bit was
good what else is even good funerals
great the depart were where he's
the kids the beauty pageant the kids
will miss how deep it's good the the
little bit where he goes crashing
through the storm window I'm it was okay
yeah it was cute the biker bed like
that's Amy would have a punch line it
didn't make sense and you know you just
sit there and you're just kind of idly
wondering like how did they handle the
logistics of paying for people's
insurance claims I'm sure they figured
it out some did they have the police
standing by so nobody killed but it's
possible it is that kid actually 12 I'd
small for his age at least in terms of
height don't look good
he doesn't look good bad Santa's getting
a sequel we watched the Krampus one of
the richer totally different thing but
why nobody was bad side to the Krampus
Wow never ever heard that analogy before
he technically is Bad Santa yes two very
different bad Santa's the Bad Santa
movie is kind of like a drunken mall
Santa Billy Bob Thornton yeah I'm
surprised you haven't done like George
Lucas head Santa suit running around the
comic-con doing destroying the Star Wars
no you need the flannel or it doesn't
look like George Lucas enough okay this
looks like white-bearded me yeah
behold as his Isle white bearded man
Santa Santa's been using just four men
or something so we saw the Krampus I
didn't I didn't love it
Krampus yeah Jay speaks very highly of
it I like the endings like non-ending
anti-anything oh yeah yeah
they set the kid up to become like a
main character and then he falls in the
background for almost the rest of the
movie and then he wishes that he he
wishes his way into it never happened it
was just a dream
let's buy Tiny Tim a goose with happily
ever after oh wow have you seen a jack I
have not so good I'm looking forward to
it yeah I will I will forget by the time
I actually if I won't watch it moments I
mean you know see bad things happen to
people could be fun movie yeah business
the characters are by and large quite
one-dimensional Lucas is an anagram of
cloth oh my god it is he giveth and he
taketh away and then he kind of giveth
back or try to yep tries to who George
Lucas Oh give us Star Wars and then he
taketh away with the with the prequels
and then he tries to give it back
already trying to give it back trying to
make up when they trying to make up for
the prequels with us he had nothing to
do with that he sold me Star Wars
oh he gave me he gave back by stopping
maybe he gave back by getting four
billion dollars to sell Star Wars
this looks like it gets old
alright I'm actually a little done with
it already and you know me i
procedurally-generated shooters are kind
of a thing and I'm kind of done with it
already
just procedurally generated every time
you play a level it is different no two
levels are alike and permadeath which
means if you die there's no continue
there's no saving your progress you have
to start all the way back from the
beginning it's like a little angel devil
boy or trance or X or Godzilla or
whatever he is fighting bacteria
everything gets old it's just a matter
of how quickly right well some things
some things have remarkable staying
power like Tetris that just is the same
thing over and over and over again and
yet it you know pushes the serotonin or
dopamine or whatever buttons just the
right way this is true I'm not sure if
you could ever get sick of Tetris uh no
everything for now but not like
permanently I don't think any misses I
never wanna play Tetris again I'm so
over it all it is is four pieces and
different configurations following
forever we're gonna give this and what
we're gonna give this a little bit
longer pac-man is the same thing more or
less over and over again there's some
subtle variations looks like Tetris or
some subtle variations but it is very
much the same thing over and over
everything well I mean you know you have
different kinds of fruit faster oh and
in pretzels which I guess aren't exactly
skins gonna go dark again we should
change the timeout
that's just pushes your frustration
button such as you know is set up so
that it will eventually get too hard so
yeah let's say I wanted me to play a
Final Fantasy game you can make it
started no this is important care that
Jeff wanted me to play a Final Fantasy
game oh okay I I agreed to do it if we
get a single 998 dollar donation how
much are you gonna play for 998 yeah
two full streams two for our streams but
for the for the low low price of 996
I'll only play one straight for next to
two dollars for less than for Ally no
two dollars off the price to disco okay
just one stream though okay
hey here's the thing they tried to talk
me down to 750 III have think someone in
the chat might be serious about that
about 750 awesome would you be willing
and I turned them down oh my would you
be willing to like to like bargain like
like you know Dragon Warrior I did it
went down to 996 how about how about
dragon fantasy I think you know I think
they would want it to be a Final Fantasy
Final Fantasy Tactics are supposed to be
different than the other Final Fantasy
it's it's a tactic you know grid-based
movement it's a game rich might actually
like it has it has a movement but like
when your movement when you have like
soars and you have to get in you get the
hit I'm not sure that means much I don't
know well I play banner saga and I was I
wasn't super impressed
I did play all four through all four
Dragon Warriors many moons ago many Suns
ago 7750 one final offer this rate well
well we'll find like a compromise in
about 10 years
rich has given you his price what else
do you want though I gotta say probably
like what one month into the trump
presidency 996 will be affordable I
thought we were talking about politics
we weren't talking I had to get that
Jevon I had to get that Jevon I'm done
now I was I was you know complaining I
was I was you know bummed about the
whole election shindig you know election
election burnout know it retract me down
from the ledge yeah you know there there
there's been a everyone everyone's been
talking about it and that's specifically
why we were just gonna say hey let's
just let's just play video games and
talk about movies and shit and I said I
don't break the rules I make the rules
she said you know you're right rich you
know we're all the son like like like it
was it a bomb or somebody said the Sun
will come up tomorrow
you know how about them Cubs ah yeah the
World Series my father has been saying
for pretty much all of my life that he
he was he was born in the 40s after they
were in the World Series the last big
most recently before this time you know
and he was always like I just want to
see them get into the World Series and
well you know game Game seven of the
World Series I I don't know if he was
too nervous or just you know too passive
aggressive because we were telling him
to watch it but he's watching other shit
he was asleep when they won the World
Series
it's silly he's only waited his whole
life yeah I'm a Sox fan and I watched it
you know just cuz it's did Chicago what
it's interesting wasn't an interesting
to me is when the sax wanted but you
know I wanted them to win for my father
even if you know apparently he only
cares until they get in at her so watch
it with my mother and the dogs have much
they were just excited that I was over
and then I was sitting on the couch my
mother sit in front of the couch and
have both of us what else do you need
yeah if you're a big hairy fuzzy
black-and-white dog I guess not a large
part of reason he went down there was to
watch the series we get on her yeah
exactly
that's how abused he was he couldn't he
couldn't he couldn't handle it
yeah sad sports
sports I kind of made him watch the the
and I was part of the NLCS when I was
over because it was only on like cable
like Fox one or something yeah some kind
of cable only channel that they have
downstairs but not upstairs so it's like
on this his TV like he's got the
extended cable or something and she's
got the regular one okay
down upstairs on on I'm with you yeah
here's here's the status update on
Karen's computer because I was I was
painting a computer case for Karen yes I
got a nice base coat on down on it it's
nice it's a nice purple and green
I'm waiting on her to get her butt down
here to help with the detail I've just
been busy with the the mother thing you
know I wanted her to come up and see the
place because she hadn't seen it yet and
she doesn't do expressway so I drove and
I thought well you know we'll show her
stuff but she really you know she's like
oh yeah I don't know you know I mean she
really didn't really what didn't show
any kind of particular interest in doing
much of anything there's lots of stuff
we could have potentially done I'm like
well you know we could ride the
streetcars that they had when you were a
kid you know in Kenosha or or we could
go to the Pabst mansion because she
likes that kind of shit oh sure yeah we
I went there a couple weeks ago with a
friend of mine but you know so whatever
but she saw the apartment so something
yeah it's got a bit of a joker look to
it it's not specifically a joker themed
PC though I just cone you go well
together no but I'm gonna I'm gonna put
up somebody what's-his-face
Freddie Williams if Freddie Williams he
says a joker pose yeah it's pretty cool
it's like stroker sewing his lips
together with thread or something so I
have that print and I'm gonna frame that
and put it near the computer because the
colors go but yeah the computer it's
mainly like grape rust-oleum grape like
purple but the kind of they call they
call it grape and then there's like a
it's not quite lime but it's a bright
green and
then we're on the sides we're going to
we're going to hand cut our own stencils
and do flowers in green and blue and
cake cuz our budgets got a lot of like
green and blue and pink and it's it's
you know yeah I guess my color
sensibilities are kind of eight-year-old
girl or something I like cheerful bright
colors well Thatcher Aidid colors
well her computer come with its own Lego
it's got a closet full of my collections
there like I was still holding strong my
computer runs smoothly and beautifully
fucking cut diamonds with a Lego that
ABS plastic is some some old durable
stuff no there's something different
something different
oh is that a whale
Oh kind of reminds me that thing that
kind of eats bee and puppycat oh yeah
the the big TV screen yeah go on your
mission
I love being puppycat whoever if they
ever finish being puppycat or is that
just in limbo well they did like before
but that I ever do anymore
did you for our supposed to do more I
thought they did for that have been out
at least a year now oh if you haven't
seen bee and puppycat I highly totally
recommend oh yeah oh okay that killed me
be a puppy cat and what's the one that
has catbug space nut space oh and Uranus
warriors brave warriors damn it shootin
a scholar well that's not progress
apparently this this level that has
areas where you can die oh gosh darn it
but you at least get to start at this
level nope no now you roguelike means
you start at the beginning so we're back
to this ugly god god oh I think I found
a I got some some new weapons and
upgrades that I think work well for my
place through so like to your place
there with my plays through if I were
the creator people which I'm not and
maybe they're you know maybe they're
specifically not doing it or something
but give something sing some texture
yeah I think it's very purposeful I'm
I'm actually okay with this art style I
would like my progression to be a little
more obvious I'd like it more if
Martha's ugly neon no make it look like
things I think they'd be better off hey
they go for it this makes my eyes sick
then going for a thing
it looks like some kind of video gaming
that's like this is your immune system
besides as you can see here your white
blood cells I'm blowing up the viruses
with a fucking shotgun yeah this this
tube is the eye the sodium channel
you've got cystic fibrosis it doesn't
work right use the anti bodies floating
around up there see you like a little
tiny nano bot something's armed with
guns yeah okay there's like the
incredible journey or something is it
the incredible journey is incredible
journey is the one with the duck the two
dogs and the cat right which is the one
with the with the people where they're
in the ship I know exactly what you're
talking about there yeah yeah or
Innerspace yeah no better inner space is
greater than the Fantastic Voyage
this I don't know I don't know if it's
in there I remember we're recording or
we're just talking I know yesterday it's
talking with Mike and Jay that inner
space is the Forgotten eighties movie
know everyone knows no no it's forgotten
you never hear anyone talk about inner
space you don't really hear them talk
about Ghostbusters and Back to the
Future and Indiana Jones and in return
to the Jedi nobody talks about inner
space oh my god everyone should talk
about interface it's great inner space
is Dennis Quaid and Martin Short and
Robert Picardo
yeah and a very small role and and who's
the Dennis Quaid is like a hotshot
because damn it Ryan yeah I make write
my grave Dennis Quaid is a hotshot test
pilot they're doing experiments in
miniaturization and he gets putting this
little tiny capsule and through through
accidents and intrigue it ends up inside
Martin Short so he's a little tiny man
and a little ship inside Martin sherds
body does it come out Martin Short
Burton's shorts and it's it's a it's a
great little side way I can admit your
film
yes you
come out of shorts it's a great little
sci-fi movie I don't remember how he
gets back out again
is excreted via the kidneys or climb
back out to the mouth whalers yes
you know what you do you should go watch
Energy seen it but it's been a long time
then you need to rectify that and watch
a new space chats mentioning nob
explorers is something that's been
forgotten the explorers lost explores
that big in the first place I was gonna
say I don't know what we're doing I
remember I was a River Phoenix I think
oh really yeah
I have no little baby River Phoenix it
wasn't poison explorers River Phoenix
and who else
little baby River Phoenix how baby was
that before after stand by me for
similar era mister baby River Phoenix
how baby a little bit earlier actually I
think Ethan Hawke oh my goodness Ethan
Hawke okay yeah oh geez
they're saying well we eat and I know
we'll waiting wasn't Stan well we didn't
stand by me I don't know if he was an
explorer's I did I said I don't know
what explorers is little kids build a
spaceship and then they meet aliens what
they they build a spaceship out of a
garbage can and a tilt the world car Wow
when they wake up no then they find
aliens the aliens gave instructions in
the how to build a spaceship I think I
remember right Space Camp oh I I had a
my parents somebody taped for me I had a
VHS with Daryl and Space Camp on the
same VHS it had to be the nerdiest bed
of Daryl the robot the data analyzing
robot youth life-form oh yeah I remember
that one the kid was a robot that
escaped from the government or something
because you know in the eighties the
government was always told the
government was the bad guy yeah we're
always building robots who ended up
being sent are you saying the government
isn't the bad guy pretty much the same
plot is like short circuit except that
it's got skin shock you remember what
the acronym is I couldn't have told you
that right
Last Starfighter is the movie the 80s my
Starfighter yeah I mean I always liked
it and remembered it how many people
talk about it that's like the first
movie that tried to pass CGI off of
something real about enemy mine what
movie last starfighter oh yeah about
enemy mine dull my dad I used to watch
that all the time it's just that we
liked it I liked anything space and I
was a kid I don't know if I would like
enemy mine on every watch I think I
might just get bored by it it's like a
nice pawn like my enemy yeah and a mine
maybe I should be watching who's nerd
swear me yeah possibly possibly there's
no way to know there's no way to tell
I'm gonna say enemy mine is one of those
ones to me way too long since I don't
own that nerd Pentagon oh sure nerd cube
what's that mean mind but it was still I
remember watching it whatever it came on
regular TV of course we didn't have
cable and liking it when I was a kid but
don't know
she had a shock they have not remade the
last starfighter I want to say if
there's something weird going on with
the rights to that like I don't I can
well didn't isn't like Ender's Game kind
of sort of the same concept as last
starfighter isn't he like didn't thought
they build like a video game to find the
perfect child soldier or something in in
when a star fighter it's like I know the
modern-day times and I know the space
aliens put a video game down on earth
it's just a recruiting troll - I know
that
I think Ender's Game just flat-out takes
place in the future I don't think
there's any kind of right but there's a
video game recruiting shenanigans all
right but the idea is that you're
building a video game to find it to suss
out which kid is the perfect pilot
flight of the navigator I liked it other
people not so much
I
especially like the part word where they
got the you know the Beach Boys music
round round oh yeah I do not leak you
leak I remember flying it a navigator
yeah what a reason I just don't have
much love for it I know that's fire
that's very you don't need you don't
need love oh oh no interest what's your
favorite underrated sci-fi movie would
you say The Day the Earth Stood Still is
underrated nope that's a classic I love
that one
sir start naming underrated sci-fi
movies inner space so far as in the lead
I know Logan's Run is not is well
remembered Logan's Run welcome runner
you do with the reboot I'm losing you
know yes I could see it Logan's Run
reboot that's a good movie that it is
that's a good I like Logan's Run novias
was pretty well remembered is it under I
guess it is I love V did you see the
first V May series is great yeah did you
see that not Emma it means peace that
Bruce Willis sci-fi movie where everyone
has their own robot avatar no I haven't
seen it so every everyone has a robot
avatar and so like we the movie starts
and we see Bruce Willis and he has this
gorgeous hair he's a cop and he's doing
all sorts of kung fu moves and then we
discover that he's just plot he's
sitting at it in his home but like
plugged into a machine and that is his
robot avatar like the matrix
kind of but everyone knows that it's
everyone else's robot avatar and so like
everyone knows that everyone's sitting
at home plugged into a computer and you
just go out with your head about avatar
and he's a cop and his avatar gets
busted and he and there's like a
possible like conspiracy theory with all
the robot avatars what it movie is this
called surrogates
this Bruce Willis movie servin it's it's
a like it's supposed to be an action
movie in the actions a little cheesy but
it's actually really interesting and fun
surrogates thank you Darkstar I have not
heard of that I mean I know there's a
Grateful Dead song by that name but the
film's got the surrogate thank you yes
go go surrogates is a fine underrated
sci-fi movie I know also every time
anyone talks about Blade Runner I want
to go listen okay computer G shots the
first V miniseries didn't have the star
child that was in the seat right any
serious after she got got knocked up by
the alien first one has like an
uncertain ending thing well the
resistance is formed know what's gonna
happen from here on out but the future
is very uncertain at the end of the
first V miniseries it gets bad at the
end of the second miniseries when the
magical MacGuffin who saves everything
and there's a space child space child
yeah so that though V was golden it but
the fly the original fly is really good
and not underrated down like everyone
loves the fly or they should care
talking about the original no the
original flight 19 1958 oh it was really
very well done I don't know if I've ever
seen it so repo man yeah it's not
underrated but it's cute of classic repo
man I have him after time I've seen the
new stills Wells builds a time machine
in Jack the river steals it yes it's
it's Hg Wolves vs. Jack the Ripper's
sounds awesome it's it's fun I've seen
it I actually like it so we need to
watch it tonight or display
you probably haven't been paying on the
chat asked about ghosts Michelle stuff
have you been well I love anime so much
right I follow all of the ghost in the
shell' news I'm me I'm the only one
who's seen the ghost in the shell' movie
I like the ghost in the shell' anime a
lot and the stills look great and I read
today that the original director of the
ghost in the shell' anime like has been
seeing dailies and and has like approved
of everything like okay look I'm good
everything's looking good of course you
know you might just be a team player but
it does look good I'm interested in
seeing it when it comes out and now I'm
done the only the only anime member
ritch like was Trigon specifically
specifically though the early parts yeah
yes the last like half to two-thirds of
trigons sucked yes agreed he's it's fun
up until the reveal that he's like a
light bulb alien because it's both
ridiculous and accurate when when you
think it's just a human yeah who may
well he may or may not be the infamous
outlaw yes who's out looking for some
kind of redemption but is his cover as
he pretends to be a buffoon they're all
funds yes the 60 million double dollar
man yes it's very fast and pretty when
he is some kind of cross between Shane
and a Looney Tunes character he's like
he's like he's like stand in your
somebody sand or something a lot of
people don't know what Shane is I don't
know Shane Shane is a classic western is
a classic western they made a movie out
of it it was a book he's a gun man
gunman who's who's trying to eat he
stopped there's a novel
yeah he's it outlaw dense layer and he's
trying that he's trying to live a
straight normal
life and he's working on a farm and and
being a good guy but it's hard to break
out of the mold of what have you've
lived your life so he you know he's got
to save the farm the only way he knows
that do it is with his gun oh my god
then he has to move on you know because
it's hard to find redemption after after
your you know childhood or young young
young adulthood is is gun-totin root you
to outlaw rootin tootin no one told me
they'd be rootin tootin it's a great
read I don't know that the that the
movie lot it's a classic movie a lot of
people like but like the movie it's like
he's kind of an OSHA shucks blind guy
and of the book he's like this you know
dark Oh dark outlaw
he's like a Happy's a little easel he
says he's a slight man who's just you
know he's just don't mess with him guy
who just whether it's a fistfight or a
gunfight you do not fuck with shade but
but you know it's Red Dead Redemption
and he's kind of yeah but he's but he's
got you know a soft spot for women and
kids and and we're talking remind him of
himself we're talking about shame shame
rip rip dead redemption takes a lot of
inspiration from the Unforgiven which
probably takes a lot of inspiration from
Shane Shane his book is a book and a
movie mmm yeah I think the movie came
out like in the sixties the book was
written by working on know that luminize
pizza Shane
let me poke into the Wi-Fi no work
I'm forgiven is acknowledged as a riff
on shame yeah okay well great
Jack Sheaffer wrote the book published
in 1949 and before that in 1946 in three
parts as a serial and a magazine
originally titled writer from nowhere
yes we don't we don't normally stream on
Friday but we missed a Wednesday and
it's a guy we should make it up
yeah yeah I felt like it felt like we we
should make it up can you do anything of
those little flowers and mushrooms
Thanks ah blow them up yeah that's about
it that's about it I reckon
what's that thing with the windmill on
top that's just a flying enemy bless it
thank you
yes you had the Iron Giant dis I fight
oh yeah jack horse neighs Baron giant is
just good yes
what's up blue thing down there
that's a different head and if I equip
it it does something it gives me more
hearts so like this head gives me less
hearts but he reassembles faster oh yeah
so I don't know what this one does but
now I can test it out the Iron Giant a
period piece yeah well beaten it could
occur to me a period piece that's what
I'm asking that's an interesting
question why Cold War 1950s the the one
guy that you think that it's hanging out
with his mother's beatnik oh I know I
love the I like a period piece and
animation that's not exactly like a
challenge we have to find authentic
props and make sure you don't see TV
antennas in the background that wouldn't
be there or any of that
yeah but a period piece doesn't need to
be hard you know so yes it is a period
piece was enough charm of great pieces
that they were able to recreate that
time in real life isn't it I mean this
part of the charm that's not what
classifies it as a period be okay is I
guess my
is my only it's been while I'll make up
your mind
Iron Giant or was the other thing five
minutes ago we're gonna watch that yes
better time time after time yeah I
haven't seen time after time and you
gotta watch interspace only let me write
down time after time in my phone hand
otherwise I'm gonna forget about that
one time after time tell ago that is a
Cyndi Lauper song fuck you doing great
jack feel like I'm doing great
so if you get enough of those little
simply things yeah you get to restart
the level that you died oh good
is what I've learned the level that
looks the same as all the other well no
these new levels look a little bit
different we made the past when the
story could easily be made in the
present so Schindler's List is not a
period piece like its historical right
and so because because of the I figured
it was still what I kind of know is
pretty piece of I guess it doesn't
apparently a period piece is more
specific all right so because of all the
Cold War nonsense Iron Giant could not
be a period piece because that is a big
plot point it's a movie in which the
plot point doesn't need to exist in a
time period but it does is that what
they said if I'm understanding correctly
that's someone in the chatter suggesting
what whether whether that's the
definitive or only definition a period
piece I don't know I believe just
whatever the chat tells me until the
chat tells me otherwise that's that's my
general policy is the chat will tell me
what I'm wrong and then the chat will
tell me when they're wrong and then
eventually it all balance out I am an
expert of nearly nothing exactly
and I assume that someone in the chat
knows at least something on the other
hand they say a little knowledge is a
dangerous thing and I know at least a
tiny bit about all kinds of things it
was one thing I would say about Karen
it's she's dangerous I'm the dance floor
boom can't stop dancing actually I
danced about as well as I've sing and
you've heard me sing yep so great is
what you're saying
sure great great is it like grading we
dance to the beat the kind of great that
that has the e at the end ah that was
great now you're gonna now you got him
no you gotta watch out whatever says
some somebody says something is great
because they might mean gr8 ee
yeah that's some clever shit Rin some
clever shit
Wow turds of green says well it's the
spoiler for the iron giant I don't know
if I should read it
I'm not going to me an Iron Giant did
come out 20 years ago has been out for a
while but you know it's a good movie and
you should probably watch it it's it's
deep you won't regret it I can't I I
think most people who see it would enjoy
it yes your hand is still stuck in the
grea T ok the game is great GRA te o
contrarian or something uh I can see
people not liking this yeah I understand
it it's not the greatest like Sonic the
Hedgehog Sonic the Hedgehog and Pikachu
November 2016 has been great so far
ah the last Leonard Cohen
I think I'll say about that RIM I was
gonna say about that when I came in and
then I forgot about that time I got here
yeah it sucks I'm glad I get to see him
at least once
oh yeah again we were talking about
going a few zevran like a road man and
obviously we can't now yeah hmm we're
both fans I mean how do you not like
wonder cause I hadn't just never heard
his stuff before no and I hear like i-s
in my head I always assumed he sounded
like he had a musical sound similar to
Tom Waits and you know I'm not a big
music guy so like I never really see I
don't know Tom Waits because I'm a
musical idiot oh he's there's some vocal
similarities in at this point in his
line right we're necessarily his voice
is very different like not musically
yours at all no and so I hear one of his
songs today I hear first we take
Manhattan oh yeah and I like I'm
laughing it's silly like the music is is
dated and a little silly especially when
paired with his like deep growl of a
voice it's like very cynthy and
Casio keyboards and then his deep growl
of a voice and then in first we take
Manhattan he has these like doo-wop a
female backup singers and it's like this
song doesn't make any sense but it's
kind of great
it's there's a lot of variety I mean
he's like that doesn't sound anything
like the future right right I like him
for the vers lyrics I loved his lyrics
and Rick rich and I mean rich rich first
song the rich return of him that he
loved as though is everybody knows I
mean everybody knows that the dice are
loaded everybody knows everybody knows
the dice are loaded everybody roll yeah
broke their fingers crossed everybody
knows that the war is over and everybody
knows the good guys lost
everybody knows the fight is fixed the
poor stay poor the rich could get rich
that's how it goes and everybody knows
he just I yeah and his most recent album
and you want it darker he just it's good
his a lot of his early stuff was like
kind of folksy kind of sing-songy like
it's really stuff I I I heard someone
say like his first album before he
before he got his deep voice is very
interesting to hear but I just I never I
never heard him before and like I said
like Tom Waits it has a very different
musical style so I guess I always just
put them together in my head and having
never listened to them I'm sure you've
heard some of the many covers of
Hallelujah I've and yeah rich was saying
earlier I've heard hallelujah now that I
now that I hear that that's probably
where I got the Tom Waits thing because
that's very Tom Waits but well I I think
Jeff Buckley is the definitive version
of that song what's he building in there
that's my Tom Waits reference hey that's
a Tom Waits oh oh he's the one that they
say that Heath Ledger got that is an
inspiration from the Joker yeah from you
can look at like old Tom Waits footage
and that's where he's there's a yeah
there's an old interview where he does
sound just like Heath Ledger's the Jovi
oh yeah what's does he always sound talk
like that or was just like really fucked
up on drugs that interview uh no I I
think like part of his voice thing is he
got in a
our fights or something like and so
that's why his voice is all gravelly
like someone cut his throat okay and and
yeah he's big into drugs and a little
eccentric eccentric and and whatnot you
got to find this Clara wasn't supposed
to make your voice husky or deep or
something I mean the man some shit just
like Heath Ledger's Joker it's a it's
amazing I'm done okay
we can be done um but as a reminder
before we take a moment yeah before we
take a moment to thank all of our
subscribers a reminder to anyone who
subscribes to us using twitch Prime
twitch Prime subscriptions do not
automatically renew obviously you don't
have to choose us for your free twitch
Prime subscription but if you do you do
need to renew that every month heads up
which reminds me what she told me
I'd even know that I had like freaked
which prior or something do you yeah
there's a there's a ton of great
subscribers or great streamers that you
oh who else oh who else oh I get it
no there's a lot of good stream laughing
you don't have to say that to us but you
get a you get a free subscription every
month which is very nice you must click
Subscribe every month yes unless
somebody wants to write some kind of
mini program that does it for you or
something right I'll turn this off
you've got all the stuff oh yeah
there's no more tip stream we're caught
up in that I know oh good
I don't know if the tip servers don't or
we just have a guy Betty it's finding
the waybads
right at night your fucking monster road
finger oh yeah we gotta get that that is
over here bone I need to be our fucking
girl yes
phrasing rich I know what I said damn it
zing all right well let's start off with
VX one two three five favorite customer
everything went better than excrement
hometown markup who is subscribed for
twenty seven fucking months in a row our
hype man's back hey ma'am yeah that's
what it was thank you our hype man is
back artic is Rex it's my second month
subbing here now make me laugh monkeys
neon striker super max Edgar Allen hope
oh and Edgar Allen hope hoses thanks for
the fun boys beer coaster Oh missed
everyone blood on says yay two months I
went to read that I want to read the
this thing they wrote and I went down an
extra lot it's alright but beer coaster
you go down an extra-long and that's how
you fail the scantron mmm-hmm oh yeah
big time docking there done that dark
horror oh you've done that told us no
like I've like a scantron yeah you don't
know you never had a scantron do you
fill in the fill in the bubbles with a
number-two pencil oh sure yes all these
ovals that go down the page right here
if you're out of sync like if you skip a
line and your answers are all for like
the question under it yes they're gonna
get every question wrong I've done that
I've never done that
oh my god yeah in freshman year high
school when we first started having it I
mean eventually I I would just use a
blank sheet of paper and show the
teacher it was blank ahead of time I had
what helped me line it up but because
yeah I have trouble writing stuff off
like that yes do very careful doc horror
Naruto Chi a Ference No
oh no cirrhosis the trogon dream sign
dream son says hang out with prereq
makes my week it's like cereal on
Saturday morning cartoons except at
night and with beer barriers cereal on
Friday nights we do telegin for twenty
seven fucking months in a row
punk dog 26 fucking months in a row
Bunga Doug says I'm pissed as pissed as
hell over what happened this week
learning Jack hates x-men apocalypse
then fap Prowler says Jack you obviously
missed the after credits scene the
camera pans through the snowy wilderness
you hear a gentle stream running through
the woods and the sound gets louder the
camera reveals Wolverine pissing on a
tree the end thank you moving why does
he pull his dick out of his pants
without cutting it off well this clothes
aren't always out okay
they're retractable anyway you know what
if they accidentally pop out when he's
taking a whiz just go back or what he's
masturbating it'll propel back the
bigger question is how Sabretooth does
that cuz he actually has the claws hold
on why do you think he's so angry he
keeps pricking his dick ah oh right
Stryker 1 1 21 18 months in a row
Stryker come one two one says surprise
Friday stream ahoy Oh JJ cheek er stew
91 18 months in a row almost time for
any fucking okay almost from when we
were at a Pabst mansion I totally wanted
to pick up the phone in there in their
little phone closet and say oh boy
hey I'm like an old timey
they had no time he phone that they like
put in their like when phones became a
thing because that house is older than
that
stray cats 72 and strike at 73 says
peeping through the knothole and
grandpas wouldn't like why do they Park
the ocean so close to the shore only
peeping through a well what is that is
that as a song lyric no it's as long as
you're only looking through know you're
gonna get splinters doing that so it's
not likely dirty girl dirty dirty girl G
shots 26 fucking months in a row G shot
says hi guys thanks for all the great
streams just got back from India and
missed you guys keep up the good work
when I get back welcome back
Auto flag a later Tim Salmons 14 months
in a row Tim says you guys keep me
company while I'm editing videos or
writing reviews thank you for all the
free fighting video game suggestions you
welcome thank you Tim Melia newtons 87
Oh Miller 15 months in a row our Miller
says Evans Packard 2020 bring vanquish
back to PC again we have two strong
campaign promises one we will bring
vanquish back to PC and two we will ban
the creation of any zombie games and
Jack will just as a cloud for the entire
time he's at office any time I'm working
you know like obviously when I go home
I'd take the clown off but any time I'm
in the White House I will be dressed as
a clown desperately desperately need
vanquish on PC mmm-hmm
desperately but turds are green for
twenty three fucking months in a row
matured sir green says jack and wizard
review the neverending story the
neverending story
with a dragon Falkor yep ghost host 999
Meissner one for twenty two fucking
months in a row hey stick one says
haven't had a chance to tune in for a
while and boy am I glad to be back
thanks for all you do thank you Meisner
one machine gun fuck boom-boom-boom-boom
flex ooh flute flats flatus sorry
it is flatus flute that is how you
pronounce that drop that fart trumpet a
flatus floor flute violin oh I got it
that's pretty good well thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
straw we really do it's true indeed how
about how about then Trump how do you
feel bad I know we said we were still
addicts
