No Man's Sight (part 1)
August 14, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=km0okWxy0VI

anyway okay hey we might be back I don't
know if you can see us probably not
because our camera is not turning on for
some very strange reason all right I
want to try this okay I'm gonna bring up
no man sky okay I'll see if everything
dies again okay
oh it's dying already no oh God
Oh God come on come on
anyone uh even so no no man's sky really
does not like OBS it makes sense cuz no
man's sky is horribly optimized for PC
yo and OBS is it's a little bit of a
resource hog streaming sure I mean it
works with literally every other game
but we're good issues with games before
we have had issues of games before no no
no and no close windows window and
everything breaks and crashes that's
fine that's fine my link to no man Scott
okay let's see what happens
let's see you know I'll come let me know
if you're actually seeing this shit well
and if you're seeing us I I don't think
you are I don't know there's no way no
there's no light on the camera that's a
dead camera somehow the the the computer
crashed so hard at fried our webcam
how is that even possible how is that
possible rich I don't know jack
everything in life is fucked up I'll
take the better gun did that fix it to
that make it all better nope nope it
didn't what's your story jackass same is
all of them we hear you no see you we
see game okay great you see game well
that's good the fucking battle word how
how how how how does a computer crashing
fry a webcam
I'll buy the here by the way here's an
interesting fact about no man's sky yeah
when you start the game yeah the field
of view the default for both for in the
ship and on foot
you know it's 75 the default yeah you
know it's an even more interesting thing
about no man sky is in the PlayStation 4
version you can't change the field of
view what a wonderful idea do you see
that hole to go back to that graphics
tab do you see that hole graphical
options yeah that doesn't exist in the
PlayStation 4 version oh my god yeah
yep tear both our eyes out I've
unplugged and plugged back in the webcam
approximately eight times using
different USB ports both on our USB hub
and on Rich's computer itself it
probably needs a computer restart but I
don't want to restart the computer
because we just restarted the stream it
took something out of the box what was
oh nothing found from that make sense
it don't need two of us you know um this
is telling how many hours I have in I
don't even know what those do you know
something I'm gonna say what about the
game you know what I really really
fucking hate what is those journey
milestones yeah I see you know pops up
and like it just popped up in and said
you you talked to for aliens
congratulations I don't feel like I
accomplished a damn thing I did that oh
why was I supposed to do that was that
important for some reason I don't know I
had those pissed me off so much because
the game is trying to reward me by the
way that you have unredeemed UM's yeah
that that never fucking goes away that
keeps popping up every ten fucking
seconds I wanted to use the default ship
for a bit yeah but that fucking message
won't leave me alone
yeah it's obnoxious so I'm going to I'm
going to I'm gonna do that right now
just so we'll it will leave me alone
right someone is saying like they feel
like that about any achievements yeah me
that's that's about I'm in but you know
what in other games you can turn those
notifications off hear it like actually
stopped oh I'm gonna switch to the
totally not an x-wing nice
gobbledygook says Jackie get a lot of
those in the beginning but later on you
see them less often you're learning what
things you can try to achieve but I
don't feel like I am achieving anything
that's my biggest problem is you know
like I know like scanning stuff gives
you money so like that's your reward for
scanning stuff you get like you know all
the credits for that and then like you
scan 10 items congratulations like well
I was already getting you know it
doesn't it doesn't have the same weight
oh they're saying wait you forgot to get
your hyperdrive what I have a hyperdrive
oh not that many other menu right here
oh great right here oh this this DLC
ship yeah oh it comes with one so it
takes out a whole chunk of the early
part of the game oh and we don't want to
go back into OBS because that might risk
crashing everything yeah we're soaking
that alone I know right now we have the
overlay with an empty face cam because
for some reason that fried our camera
but I also don't want to we don't want
to risk going back into OBS because that
might mean we crash again
why space fucking yellow I think you're
still kind of in the upper atmosphere of
cloud cover my space wasn't yellow I
think there are different things yeah
probably tell what area you're at yeah
so one probably wants to get a little
further out in the space won't be so
fucking yellow so what are we doing what
are we doing Jack in no man's sky I have
no fucking idea what we're doing like
these ships are need but yeah what are
they do what can I do with them
what is your purpose you can fly around
him you can shoot him what do I get out
of that
besides dead mostly mostly you get dead
yeah but you could shoot him if you
wanted to but yeah you fire on you look
at him look at it pretty I hate the
magical asteroids that pop in and the
fact that there are asteroids everywhere
I find a little bit annoying yeah oh
that one's got nickel though that's a
nice thing you know but you can look at
him that's what you can do with the
ships rich you can look at them interact
with them somehow
hello skeleton bill interacting with
them would be what makes a good
open-world game versus a bad open-world
game jack um well what do you really
look at it either that many things to do
in Grand Theft Auto oh I think there's
well you know what there because I love
me some Grand Theft Auto at least so
there's the world right and this world
is pretty cool the the universe of no
man's sky yeah as compared to the
universe of Grand Theft Auto is there
much actual variety to it though
well that's what we're gonna I think
actually what so far the problem I'm
having and again I'm very early on the
game is I don't I I have no motivation
to do anything right and Grand Theft
Auto with its little side missions kind
of set you off on a path like okay oh
yeah this is what you want we want you
to do now this is what we want you to do
now sir these are cars you need to
collect even refer like a complete side
mission oh sure here I have the
ice-cream truck
so like the game had things it wanted
you to do you didn't have to if you
didn't want to huh but the games had
stuff to like set you on a path and I've
I have yet to find the path that the
game wants me to take in no man's sky
doesn't want you to have
and is that a mistake do what you want
but are there enough things to really do
that's the question
are there enough things to do is there
enough motivation even in something like
minecraft survival mode uh you know you
still have to fucking survive monsters
come out at night you need to you know
build up your shit and I'm worried I
don't have a great answer but what
really is the difference to it a good or
a bad open-world game oh it's it's what
what did I think the actual answer
though is just too complicated which is
just many things I mean actually just
driving around like riding a bike in
Grand Theft Auto and itself is just fun
mm-hmm did you pass that fuckin Space
Station do I need to spin there oh
there's a big dot on it well you have
your hyperdrive now right yeah so you
can go to a different you know galaxy
press down man I think the dots just
letting me know that's the space station
I think you the dot says like that's
where you need to go next but you
fucking leave this galaxy go to video
what if I just want to fly around oh
well you to tell me what to do well you
have your hyperdrive now and literally
the blue the blue triangle says you have
to do that now I don't know if do I
don't have to follow the blue triangle
my own man or the blue rectangle and
once the blue rectangle says you have to
do something you have to listen to it
that's crazy talk Jack that's crazy talk
I am perfectly capable of not following
directions okay great so yeah you know I
I think an important part of an
open-world games is there's a creator's
giving you some constraints there's
nobody to mug there's no people on the
street who are just gonna like shove me
and start shooting at me no I don't know
very there's there's very little world
interaction there's were little life
people life where's the city even the
animals aren't that interesting to
interact with or the trees like you're
shooting them for their for their
goodies
but I still I'm still I don't think I
have a solid answer to what is what was
good and bad in the open no no no like I
said I I don't think there is a good
answer I think that it's a lot of little
things I mean you look at grand theft
auto Tejas driving around it's just
driving around
yeah sure you drive those different
environments drive around but you're
just driving around wherever you go you
can a prick and say that and it wouldn't
be it wouldn't be inaccurate go through
go through a source I am what do you
think I shot that oh now on it's not as
exciting now I shot too much of the ass
drink this potato shooting potatoes no
big deal that's a big one no firm we
have farmers just shooting potatoes I
was on a planet I did encounter a
mountain of solid fucking gold nice no I
you know what I don't think this is the
Galactic Minecraft experience minecraft
building there's no building there's no
building there's no crafting there's no
I mean there's crafting but it's very
simple and you know what there's no
threat I got in one spaceship battle
once ok and I died very quickly so it
wasn't really fun maybe my spaceships
just too much of a piece of shit sure
still wasn't very fun oh I died did you
no no no nah minecraft gives you
something to do every day you're doing
something I already discovered that Jack
OH
in fact that I haven't I discovered you
got to go to a new galaxy have you
discovered that undiscovered go that one
may go undiscovered you want to go to
the planet or the moon or you could just
use your hyperdrive and zip off to
fucking wherever you want to see how
visible the planet is from the moon sky
oh great that seems like something to do
let me head let me head mini warp
many more
let's see if I can crash we had an issue
where we can't really fly low on the
planet the ship naturally wants to stay
lifted yeah so I'm gonna just book it
and see it'll start crash I don't yeah I
know it will but we're gonna find out
for sure okay here we go
12 seconds also you can activate your
hyperdrive by opening the Glock four
wagons baby yeah I know that won't go
away it's really obnoxious it's really
really fucking annoying Wow no it's got
a load and and still loading still
loading no you just can't do that rich
stop trying to do stuff wow this is like
nothing here you can't see the planet
though which is cool it's cool well you
might need to get on the ground for some
you got a way to do a question right now
there you go there's something totally
going to the question mark gotta go the
question mark you might learn a new word
it might be a corvax tribute piece you
know what I know I kind of like the
words I kind of like slowly learning the
language and eventually he will be able
to talk to these fuckers hey I don't
mind that if it went somewhere they'd be
great okay so I guess we wouldn't buy it
they're just landing yeah he's like just
land
they don't want noobs to crash into
planet planets take the fucking steering
wheels off I don't give a shit about the
noobs right oh shit sorry I have not
been reading tips let's see here
did you read my TV broke a year ago no
but that's 85 says my TV broke a year
ago but I don't give a shit mostly
thanks to our LM have a tip worth a
month of TV fees I'd otherwise pay for
crap that's not nearly as good as do you
guys introducing me to new games well
thank you well we got some radiation
hazards going on oh yeah yeah you gotta
watch out for that shit oh and an animal
hazard what is that
I've never seen that for the Paul I
think someone's hunting you Oh Oh your
prick scan him or shoot him oh yeah oh
the rediem oh that fucker look at that
fucker let's see here gobbledygook says
$2 tip to hear your opinion on Wesley
Snipes and the blade movies good bad
good bad are some motherfuckers always
trying to ice-skate up he'll see the
first one yeah dumb action movie it's a
dumb action movie I loved blade I loves
blade my friends and I had bloodbath
dance parties of course blade for me
came out in high school so yeah I was a
little young maybe a little dumb was it
raining
yes yeah that's Nate I I loved wait I
have not seen it in quite a long time
and since Jay has still never gotten
back to me I assume he doesn't want to
do it but that was my idea for a review
I will I will give that away I know I
wanted to keep that secret but Jay has
officially never gotten back to me so I
assume he does not want to do it but
that was my idea for a review the blade
blade movie blade was the first
successful Marvel movie
now it was it really really was a blade
is the movie that convinced Marvel that
they could make money making movies so
we we get we get all of the the Marvel
Cinematic Universe because of blade I
mean it also started David Gore's career
good bad or otherwise it was it was an
r-rated superhero movie I know it's
technically a vampire movie but still an
r-rated superhero movie before that was
cool but yeah but have they made money
making movies where's the proof and
you're right so Hollywood economics can
make you think they lost money on
anything hmm because they don't want to
pay royalties what's the word like like
when somebody gets like a percentage the
net they can they can delay them from
getting anything for decades orchard
thief blade wasn't the first Marvel
movie blade was the first successful
Marvel movie thanks too much crap not
Captain America 1990 that movie went
direct to video and bombed way too much
crap yep music crap
so anyway that's what I think about the
blame okay I think I remember blade
fondly I have no idea if it's still any
good let's see here frenzy says why is
Gordon so this goes back to half-life 2
why is Gordon considered a legend in the
story as far as we know he's a scientist
who was just part of a fubar event that
he had no saying or doing it someone
considers him to be godlike creature
well no remember in half-life 1 yes he
just stumbled onto the event but he
ended up saving the entire laboratory
and fighting off the evil military guys
and so anyone who was in that laboratory
like like both of the doctors and the
people who started the resistance in
half-life 2 would consider Corbett
Gordon Freeman hugely vital so because
he saved it also cause no no that was
that was incidental because of the the
warp technology
he started the experiment but that was
just the experiment that they were doing
as a company so okay that was it yeah
yeah right so that's the thing
a Michele makes a great point which is
like after he saved basically the earth
from an alien invasion he just magically
disappeared because the g-man stole him
yeah so that the g-man could then wake
him up to save the earth again in
half-life 2 so so imagine just someone
saving the planet and then magically
disappearing that would create a bit of
a god-like illusion don't know nothing
about no half-life well that's so that's
that's why he's a big deal what what you
need different materials dr. death
stalker says if you wanted to introduce
some friends to the idea of watching bad
movies for fun what movie would you
start with I was thinking Battlefield
Earth incorrect
the room yeah you either start with the
room that has that has turned so many
people Pro bad movies I also think that
samurai cop is a great start
also Miami connection would be a great
start also this is why you can't stray
too far from your fucking ship yeah and
why the ship kind of ruins the
exploration aspect of the game because
you'd like to am i close enough yet nope
she bought a range and I'm gonna die
because of the hazard production that's
funny right great
you can Oh huggy snuggle you cannot
start with Neal bream if you start
people with Neal Breen they will then go
back to confused you have to start them
with something that's accessible
something like the room something like
samurai cop or Miami connection those
are a great way those are a great way to
get people started Ches 87 says here's
two bucks to watch Jack barf live on
stream i have not barf i needed to stop
though because i was getting very very
close rich you accomplished something
did i look you travel can't get to my
menu to refill my rapidly diminishing
health bar but he's traveled 10,000
units don't you feel like you've
accomplished something no I'm gonna die
yeah I'm gonna die for this shit yeah
maybe there you go plutonium should
power your hand I ask this you should
know what power is it it wants zinc or
titanium hots and you have something you
ship that's not gonna happen
just for hidden yeah well carbon work
will you take carbon I gotta be close
enough now oh yeah
there you go nice right you did it I'm
just gonna fly closer to the thing
that's fairly exploring doesn't really
work let's see here m-mine says is this
like a highly advanced mining game like
those 2d miners that you just upgrade to
get to the bottom I think that's the
point well rich and I are just not that
far we can't comment fully you should go
there you should go do that thing I
think I know what that is we just we
just haven't gotten that far yet I don't
like this planet what well it's a moon I
don't like this moon janym I don't like
this moon moon the Cape's says rich you
bastard I was so starstruck I locked my
keys in the car says the caps and
gobbledygook says I would argue that no
man sky is not an open world game it has
a straightforward goal go to the center
of the galaxy yeah well you know first
of all gobbledygook before I finish have
had nothing explaining that I need to go
to the center of the galaxy yet yes so
far four or five hours in no one has
told us to go do that yet nobody told me
to do anything which I'm not saying is a
bad thing right so we don't know that in
the open world but I need fun fun of
things to do than mining yep yeah um
let's see here actually build something
that might be neat that would be named
let's see here see if you can do it the
galaxy is too big to wander on foot
easier ship like if I could hire people
and start like a trading business then
kind of need was sure what if what if
you could rally some people around you
and build a small army yeah to like or
you know what like Star Trek beyond what
if you could make your own biker gang
you do any of those things if you can
make your own biker gang and like attack
those big ships and mind
resources wouldn't that be neat that
would be neat all these things you know
walk around and mine she lays it read
the rock
she's your laser at the rock don't you
want to carbon it's a lot of potential
and I don't know if it's living up to
any of it mhmmm yonder yonder says
vomiting on stream violates the twitch
Terms of Service really maybe if you
know maybe if you'd like was an accident
really are they could be pricks about
that
my guess is like my guess is like you
might be reported but then you could you
could appeal it yeah yeah I just vomited
and I couldn't get off camera in time
well we're talking about a second ago
I forgot we could be a space pirate and
do stuff him and but this game doesn't
want to do it wants to shoot rocks one
of my favorite old-school games yeah the
the original MechWarrior not the sequel
MechWarrior to whichever one loves but
the first one okay it started with a
premise that you were a disgraced prince
framed for murder and you had so much
money and you had a MEK okay you could
you had the option of going to the bar
and finding somebody who would give you
a clue like well maybe if I search this
planet I'll find more information on the
real killer or you could ignore all of
that shit hire crew members and just
start your own mercenary business it was
very open ending of what you could do it
didn't slap your hand said follow the
story oh you just left you just left
yourself I just slapped my I'm gonna
explore this planet first okay and I
think maybe that's part of the problem
is like expectations on what an
open-world game is for this you know
like I said for me ice I'm still
struggling on what I'm supposed to be
doing well I think you're worried too
much about supposed to work and my
problem isn't I don't know what I'm
supposed to be doing my problem is the
things I've been doing not terribly fun
so far well that's what I mean by
supposed to doing so far what I've been
doing is not very it has not been very
rewarding yeah and so it's like is this
what the game makers
want me to be doing because then they
failed at making something fun or do the
game makers want me to do something else
in which case they failed to highlight
the thing that they want me to do you
know I'm trying to understand why it is
I'm not super enjoying it yet I post so
I guess there's silence of the shit post
what what are you oh wait there's an
apple oh I don't think question marks
are usually oh great Nega there you go
okay so vomiting violates the Terms of
Service
good thing our cameras off and I'm no
longer playing true-true I'm no longer
playing I'm most likely not gonna vomit
and if I do you won't see it I'll try to
get away from the microphone so you
don't hear it though that would be gross
rich did accept the Atlas mission at the
start I did not and you know we didn't
talk about that beforehand yeah I I
assumed that accepting the Atlas mission
was gonna make it easy mode and Atlas
was gonna tell you what to do but just a
reason not to get this the gun three
free slots yeah that's that's good
you would have you you wouldn't have
your visor huh your analysis visor which
tells you where the things are that's
important you could always get an
analysis visor and add it to it
well it doesn't tell me where the things
are you think you click down and the
range thing goes up what it doesn't have
the binoculars no no see the analysis
visor that's that's in this one that's
the range boost scanner companion that's
the thing that sends the signal out and
you get the icons everywhere
oh the eyes are you know where you look
at the animal and says animals scanned
yeah I can see little money get see
little money
cabe Cartwright says I have never felt
as lonely as I did this past Wednesday
watching twitchers playing no man's sky
my main takeaway in this game is similar
to Minecraft - the personal creativity
yeah
lonely is a good way to describe it so
far nothing and is that what they're
going for you know I think it's the best
they could do maybe I don't know
rusty VCR we're all fine it didn't
really affect us yeah
broadcasting to you from hell growth
though it's hard to say at this point
whether or not the game is worth it
obviously if you haven't bought it yet
you're waiting out on something our
first four or five hours reviews like
for me maybe not that could change
really easily I want to keep the stuff I
don't know if I'm gonna need it right
it's one of those things where my so far
my my first like my first maybe our in I
was so confused I couldn't figure out
how the menu worked like this menu right
here
that was my first hour the game it's
just understanding how this thing worked
I was so upset right my second hour I
was super into it I loved walking around
my planet loved exploring and after that
it's been a slow decline but I'm only a
few hours in
so I'm gonna sell the stuff sell all
this stuff yeah red red camera rising I
see what you said I see you you just
dick it just got deleted we were trying
not to bring up anything political as
regards to anything including the
Milwaukee riots please keep it civil we
like to talk about civil we like to talk
about games and movies and fun stuff so
how about things when we're in the mood
I don't think we're in the mood
how are you just be can just be cool
just you know nobody's cool nobody's
cool that's true that is true what did
most damage machinery Oh a pulse-jet
sigma blueprint okay
like the blueprints blueprints are good
i has the sniper you tipped thirty
minutes ago and it wasn't read and hold
on did I miss it
oh my god I did you know what you were
you were right there I think there was a
couple here miss beat you know why
because we were talking about vampire
masquerade and I got a confused with two
before that was also talking about
vampire masquerade and I know roots for
this so I has the sniper says fuck
vampire masquerade or whatever the fuck
if you want to play some good RPGs rich
I gave rich a look and he looked back at
me because he knows where this coming
play morrowind
or Dragon Age origin Dragon Age Origins
I know you're like the Mass Effect
origins is the same available origins is
the same developer as Mass Effect so
that's that's the good stuff rich rich
doesn't always keep my eyes out for a
good RPG
he really needs a good RPG that's the
real thing is he once he because once he
plays that one good RPG that's just
gonna live chasing everything changes
everything
can't make a visor well can you make a
vine a craft one oh yeah a some iron
they go done Pokemon is an RPG and rich
does not like Pokemon Jack likes Pokemon
Jack like Pokemon all right rich hates
Pokemon which means I hate you because
you like pokemons so ah Jack Jack really
likes Pokemon probably more than he
should but hey whatever Jack would you
let your children watch Batman V
Superman or Suicide Squad well not right
now they're eight and five it's probably
not appropriate for an eighth and
five-year-old when you know yeah when
when they're old enough to watch movies
of that rating they can watch whatever
the fuck they want I don't have to watch
it with them good all this neat stuff I
don't have enough inventory space for
them yeah well well right why don't you
just you know like you know crap
something or get rid of it every oh wait
you have to go fly somewhere first yeah
that seems like I get egged craft on the
spot you have a craft one for what
purpose
it still wants me to use that hyperdrive
I won't shut up about that oh hey that's
the thing that's a that's a that's a
it's a knowledge stone you've learned
the V Keane word for war yeah well I
didn't fall that far maybe a plant
attacked you maybe sometimes plants
attack you sometimes plants attack you
it's weird yeah that happened in Star
Trek I like Star Trek's
oh well then there you go that's all
fine then everything's fine then
everything's fine mr. Gooch wants a mr.
glitch has a question right yeah how
about that hyperdrive you're gonna
you're gonna use that hyperdrive can I
explore all the planets that are here
first why can I not explore but rich
what about that Hypertime says the game
knowing by the way that that was one of
like an you know I as I play I write
down stuff in my notebook that was one
of my notes which is the game had they
have these blue rectangles that tell you
what to do and I was really excited like
I was really happy just walking around
and exploring the planet but the game
kept saying gotta build this you got to
build this you got to leave the planet
you can ignore it but it just won't shut
up
it just won't shut up just the fuckup
just leave me alone
if you want me to do my own thing let me
do my own thing if you want me to do
what you want me to do then then let me
do that you know like yeah I'd let him
watch Iron Man our captain they they
have seen both Iron Man and Captain
America only recently has they're now
getting old enough to deal with some
mild language they have started cussing
both of them at once I was an early
early bloomer compared to the other huh
well they they heard it at school and my
eight-year-old very excitedly let me
know that he knew a bad word and I said
really what'd you learn
and he
he popped up his middle finger but
instead of pointing it at ad to me
knuckle side he pointed that to me other
side I wish to the camera was working so
you could see this so like you know
imagine you know you're supposed to
point at knuckle side to someone who you
saying fuck you too but he turned it
around and pointed other like finger
side and I said I said oh oh yeah do you
know what that means and he goes oh yeah
I know what that means and he and I said
well what does that mean he goes it
means thug fu G rich f ug and is he's
trying he's feeling but he's trying
well that was during the school year and
you know as the summer creeped on he he
must have heard it somewhere else
quite possibly from me and we we thought
we talked about like swearing and we
have we've had the official swearing
talk because now they know that it's
fuck and they also know shit they want
to know what it means they they have not
asked what fuck means yet they did ask
what shit means and I said it's it's
poop I didn't know what that oh my god
they didn't they're they're slow
learners they did not think to ask what
fuck means but they did ask what shit
means I don't know can you go in the
water
sure I can I mean you can go in space so
I don't see why you can't go in water oh
you do have an oxygen you can go on
space well you're in your spaceship but
uh bad words are bad you're right so so
they they have been cursing lately and
and so we've we've opened up some movie
options for them well you know what now
that they're doing it we're not we are
not teaching them you know and you know
we've had the conversation like this is
only you we can only say this you know
when we're at home we don't bring that
outside of the house and they seem to be
cool with it they seem to be cool with
it
of course they are they're swearing yeah
they're really happy to swear I had to
give him a swear too to keep my cool
with them
really well you know like I wanted them
to I wanted them to make sure like you
know he cuz he was a park was letting me
know about you know the person who
taught him is where and I wanted to know
who it was like who's bringing this to
school I knew exactly who it was by the
way but before he would tell me you know
like he he was a little hesitant so I
was like I was like here's what here's
what I'll do I'll let you know another
swear word you know like I made a little
deal with him like no I swear to it's
okay you know yeah and I gave him a crap
cuz that was a mild one like I figured I
could do that yeah what is crap mean oh
crap means to poop so he really enjoyed
that fuck that guy right fuck is is
pretty nice it's pretty close it's
pretty close bug scan that know what
well you learn two words no what no what
now what now what right now what yeah no
what no what I didn't rip him off I that
crap is still a swear word ing I could I
gave him a light one I gave him a light
one very light
I gave him you know what I gave me if
they knew any better they'd be upset I
killed gypped a I gave him a starter
swear word and that's all years he's a
starter crap crap is a starter swear
word cramp yeah give us a cunt I'm not
teaching him cunt cocksucker that's a
good one I'm not teaching him cocksucker
he's not ready for that yet he's not
ready for cocksucker also rich I don't
know if you knew this but if you press
down on the d-pad you can activate your
hyper driver
you got this d-pad and you got I mean
you just have this hyper drive if you
want to use it's fine whatever but shut
up about it because I changed my ship
because it wouldn't shut up about that I
just wanted to shut
that's all I wanted actually don't go
into your options for really quick I
wonder if we're just missing something
same game control settings control
vibration extras view credits redeemed
both kinds of quizzes absolutely not
this one is there is there any like
going to journey and controls and let's
just make sure is there a setting to
turn those off
because I think those are super annoying
show HUD but I don't want to turn the
whole HUD off right no he needs your HUD
as far as we know there be an angry
animal around here oh look at that thing
what the fuck that's probably a
graphical glitch oh wait no rich a press
why by the way now you shoot bullets
okay I'm also what I do is remaining huh
press press what so go back to your gun
that one and now press the blue button
now you'll reload now shoot it nope
might be a week like whenever I had to
fight the droids I go over to gun mode
and I kill a little bit faster I think I
had in gun mode until recently Wow okay
it's a glitch no no I like that I like
that thinking of it as a mating dance
says Tiberius Kirk hell of a mating
dance I like that I like that a lot
better than just thinking of it as a
graphical glitch that that that plenty
vine was attracting a mate
all that carbon great discover new life
and destroy it rich because I need the
widgets
Tim Tim Salman's that says this looks
boring as fuck
boring is crap crap it's it was I gave
him a starter swear which I sent them Oh
what the fug skin that shit what the
fuck that that's just kind of messed up
don't you think that's awesome that's
what that is
oh and you killed it yeah discover a new
life and murder it listen I understand
it was a crap swear word I got it I had
to give him something the swear word was
crap yeah it was a crappy swear word to
give him its meta it's a very meta
well I wouldn't mean to do that
whoa what you do I meant to scan it and
it said I used my grenades on it right
rich is on a five-year mission to
explore strange new worlds and blow the
crap out of them I don't want to scan
that it's a rock it's a thing I gotta
shoot it it's a thing it's a rock you
want it to scan all the rocks in all the
world I just know I'm on the very long
walk back to my spaceship yep you're
gonna get there take off but it's gonna
take me Oh give me a kidney it gives me
at times good take me a minute
10 seconds to get back to my spaceship
thank you thank you
lousy exploration McKenna's right right
only this were like a populated world
with our cars every word I could like
steal one or hella taxi or something or
like if it was a populated world and
they were like other shit to look at on
your way or people to talk to or some
sort of fast travel system when you get
bored of this I think I think this is
the real thing and and I again they had
a fun open-world game I don't have to
use the fast travel because I don't want
to this is war going on yeah I think
this is the real the real issue I've
been having is it's an exploration game
where the exploration mechanic
now that good you got a bulletproof head
I think they have a blue perfed there
you go you're dead now us when you got
jump rich do you know you can run with
r1 for a short period you can run for
exactly eight seconds and then you get
really tired and you go even slower so
stop running now oh yeah it's super
annoying the the right yeah I am I am
not a big fan of the wrong button yes
you can run but for not a very look ah
finally back took a very long time right
oh and I knew this was coming Thank You
Skulltula house for fine for bringing
this up because I know this is gonna be
brought up if no man's sky is all
walking shouldn't Jack love it because
he loved fire watch they got a point
fire watch was a nice tight four hours
it was a story
it had characters it kept me interested
through the stories the exploration was
simple but you had shit going on while
you were walking through the woods you
know what give me some people talking
about like exploring space over here I
might I might give me some give me some
Carl Sagan talking about the cosmos it
might be good
sculpting house i if i wish the camera
was working so I could waggle my finger
at you and you could see me wag on my
finger you fuck what you're saying is
you need to play this game while
listening to talk radio maybe and that
would make the game work mate you know
what maybe just put on some old actually
even just new episodes of cosmos listen
to Neil deGrasse Tyson Carlson
I can talk about the wonders of the
universe cosmos is fine it's bit to
beginner from its butt to 101 dang I
really need you know what I really need
the universe that's my jam okay sure
just you know what I don't want it
narrated by Stephen Hawking though if
that's all right
it isn't narrate the universe no oh you
know what I assumed you meant the
universe in a nutshell Oh Stephen
Hawking book like razz read by Stephen
I'm sorry it's okay it's okay all right
play no man's sky while listening to the
Tron Legacy soundtrack yeah man
tacos salad Tuesday says guys I missed a
stream where you talked about stranger
things can you please tell me what game
and fog and we just lost battery on a
laptop just lost battery in the laptop
what game Oh what game are we playing
what we talked about it what was that
same people made guacamelee and severed
the game was severed everything's
failing but I am feeling much better I
need to let you guys know that I'm
feeling much much better now that I'm
not playing anymore
I've got a lot of emeral Oh does that do
anything for you
I'm collecting it I'm gonna find a
recipe at some point at once I'm role
sure that's fine all right so we got a
warp where are we working to don't know
sudden so now path to galactic center so
like following that path takes you to
the galactic core I don't think you have
to follow that path I don't know so I
want to be here huh all right you're
fired job 19 you go one star way yeah
that one all right all right
you doing it you jumping I'm jumping
woah rich or my odds you're a child
you are one step closer to the galactic
core motherfucker oh and the laptop shut
down guys odo didn't its back its back
its back it restored hold on it's a
spaceship so I can shoot AB what do you
want from me you guys III can't radio
you can we have a conversation this is
where I am in the game now craft more
warp cells for hyperdrive yeah that's
what the blue thing tells you now okay
four so first of all what game were you
playing is and is that episode on
YouTube yet thank you are LMR my
internet hero so we were playing a game
called severed which is a touchscreen
game I was playing it on an iPad made by
the same people who did guacamelee
I think it's pretty fun a little light
but you know what decent iPad game
really decent iPad game is the episode
on YouTube yet no but we are really
close to catching up yeah probably about
two weeks or so yeah that's a plus
actually I think there's seven seven
chunks before we start cutting that one
yeah so like we rich and I have been
trying really hard to give you to cut
them a little
bit longer so we can catch up to get the
YouTube videos up just a couple days
after they stream yeah so we are getting
there of course a taco salad Tuesday if
you want to watch that episode right now
you can go to the twitch past broadcasts
and watch it right now with the chat
yeah that chat is archived so so if you
if you watch our past broadcasts on
twitch you can actually see the chat
along with it if that's something you
enjoy which I mean I think that's that's
great so getting into the center of the
universe is the point I think we're
getting to the center of the galaxy
maybe I flew to the filmmaker freaks as
I flew to the edge of the galactic map
and the last five thousand light years
worth of stars on the edge you couldn't
interact with so come on stars in the
universe are fake another false claim
well I don't know we don't know nothing
they had a game hey whatever mr. Chang
smile says you attack those big ships or
if they send out a distress signal you
can defend them from pirates why would I
want to attack them other than I just
I'm bored and I want to fight do I do I
get anything where am I just very likely
to get decimated why would you want to
defend them to be a hero stressing oh
that's fun that's a fun event then you
probably get some kind of reward maybe
we don't know we don't know nothing we
don't know nothing rich oh my god oh no
there's probably a fucking different
language I gotta learn is the language
only good for the one star system you're
in that would be terrible
I believe it is by the way oh that's
terrible
by the way though I like this this is
the first new alien I've seen
Oh what are you gonna do you pat him on
the head
hello hello little alien yeah send units
whatever her I'm fine
oh it gives me no something I thought I
said nothing for a second something I
have installed already a yay yay ok
nothing
yeah no the blueprints before I don't
care fuck when I came at that foot
because you can trade ships rich you can
trade ships
alright when other ships land in the
docks you can make you can make an offer
on the ships some of them are crazy
expensive I'm very annoyed to that I
gotta keep fucking around the ships
inventory to sell ship yep I agree I
agree that's that's kind of obnoxious
it's not there's not enough inventory
slots for us tonight there
I don't have any formulas I know of that
needed great I hope I'll be able to scan
for specific things at some point I
would hope that Oh like like I really
need yes some some zinc right now yeah
show me only the zinc yeah that would be
great I mean you can kind of tell you
know like you can tell with color
especially with like the minerals you
know the big blue rocks give you the hi
roommate or whatever its called
yep another site like if I need the rare
element the claw rhenium and there's
none on the planet there's probably some
of every element I don't know I don't I
got a fucking clue I would assume that's
how their procedural generation would
work because what if it's something you
need to leave the planet it has to be on
the planet you know I just know I need
to find a fucking antimatter antimatter
recipe oh you don't have the antimatter
recipe no do you I just got a em I had
to go down to the planet okay you got it
after you jump though I didn't like miss
something yeah I got it after I jumped I
went down to the planet and found the
thing that I found a bunch of outposts
and eventually got it you can tell
you're a little a little further than I
am that's surprising to me without a
little playtime I've had I I didn't come
out I was like delay on the oh that's
right I also had a door more days before
you add it
invisible Murphy says so to recap no
planet eating monsters no rideable
dinosaurs no monster ranching no hookers
so no grand theft starship there might
be space hookers we don't know the
planet eating monster something awesome
that'd be cool
and he's more stuff in general it just
means it needs like like 30% more stuff
more shit emerald it's pretty rare I
don't want to get rid of it but I can't
don't have anything used for it
immediately so I'm gonna sell it
literally just sell everything cuz
you'll just go to a planet and run out
of everything and get new shit
all this shit is on a planet what is
that I don't know I think I accidentally
bought a second one of these if I get
it's gone it's gone
I don't do right now great great fuck I
gotta get rid of this thing to get rid
of everything get rid of everything
was that 30% of zero is zero yeah you
know what I meant by that don't do but
don't picked up your snipe with me I
want my 20 boobed alien transvestite
loner art John yeah it'd be nice so if
you like the look of one of these other
ships better you can try to buyers
where's the space nightclub but like the
space pool with like like like imagine
3d billiards
yeah like the balls floating in space
yeah where's that it's it's uh there's a
distinct lack of color of a character
yeah lot of plants oh you got stuck on
something
oh you got stuck in a ship rich a ship
just landed on here are you okay I'm
fine are you okay alright exosuit was
able to absorb the blow oh good good
or the dumb jad table so on a Dom John
table yes something play dom-jot Hume on
no man's sky is an indie game pretending
to be a triple a game and sold for $60
said Tom método she may be widows well
duh it's an overhyped indie game dah
this this game makes for a super wicked
trailer don't you think yeah it's just
it's one third bait as long as it took
him to makin yeah that's the peril of
being an indie dev I guess but one
inventory fool I just sold everything
but there's stuff on your ship oh that
make you know what I'm gonna put that in
the category of makes sense no why do I
have that fucking iron I give her that
unless this is an iron and what do you
put you what do you made of
Nicoll but finding a lot of nickel I
don't think it's that rare so I don't
care
megawatt says that's just it it looks so
amazing I couldn't wait to play it even
though I knew it was a survival game and
I hate survival games like I'm okay with
survival games III had a really amazing
time playing the flame in the flood
which is a pretty simple survival game I
had a really good I played it when you
were when you were off the stream when
you were off and and I super dug it you
don't you're not go in there it's a
round of a Ben 10 fairness I was kind of
on the wrong side of the planet now so I
I'm okay with survival games the I think
one other thing lacking in this survival
game is the immediacy there's just rocks
everywhere yeah it's it's easy to obtain
all the assets oh you came in right at
the right place rich yep cuz I hate
walking I've learned to adjust for these
things
all this manufacturing facility it looks
like every other generic small structure
we've stayed in the game destroy huh
fuck right
rich is that now we're switching over to
the mouse so he can aim accurately which
is by the way like I'm using the ps4
controller and I hate ps4 controllers
for first-person shooters and that's
been really rough for me just hitting
these little fuckers to float around
cause all sorts of shit
so that's just a signal saying more are
gonna come right but if you if you jump
in there and and do a thing sometimes
you can stop them more of them from
coming heads up whatevs it's all fine
now just letting you know
Huyen Rihanna says no hookers so dead
man sky isn't even as good as v-world
matrix fuck this K I'm not on the hated
camp yet yep I'm on the critical camp
though yeah yeah and you know what I'm
with you they're like I I just haven't
played enough there there's a lot of
things that bug me so her idiom and zinc
are very important a lot of little
things that bug me about the game I
think there's some stuff I could like
you're standing with the get heaven
crease this is the get the gap you're in
the get galaxy sounds like a Klingon
dish let's see here hey Jack almost
forgot on your recommendation I checked
out the Jessica Jones comics and I loved
them so much more than sure I think that
was actually Rick some of my recommended
I have never read alias I like to just
go do a show but rich like de leus so
tell me if you read The Killing Joke
I have not read The Killing Joke because
I'm still debating whether or not I
should see to the movie first I know I
know and I have it it's on my desk
it's waiting for me to read it rich
suspension fluid how do I build that
alright alright Lightner
oh so the this time says the comics are
much more interesting character than the
show portaits
thanks thanks to rich credit where
credit I do but I like the show I like
the show a lot so I could assume that
the comics probably a little more a
little more nuanced and a little more
character focused can't really speak
Evan watch much that I saw the first
episode sure
really strong ending took me maybe four
episodes to really get into the pace of
it but once I was there I dug it so I'm
walking so far away from my ship it's
gonna be worth it well just go to your
ship and fly over don't use as fuel yeah
but these fuel is every fucking where
look there's fuel right there there's a
little red crystal fucking feel done
there's plutonium done fucking you got
it everything's fine yes collecting data
David Tennant was great in Jessica Jones
ship out of range I wonder if that's
something with this ship like it has a
shorter range maybe I've never had it
where my ship was out of range
sure
oh that's probably her iridium you might
need that that's open or were there some
radium also those things aren't supposed
to be on it what are those things when
you scan it that shows up does that not
happen on the ps4
that does not happen on the ps4 oh I
thought I hit the bun to change you god
damn it that does not happen on the ps4
why is that there that's not there
unless you scan for it shows you that
it's the thing you can do things to I
don't know if that's right I think that
might be a graphical glitch try it next
time you find a giant chunk of things
you can destroy it yeah a lot of you
maybe you just been a while since you
hit the scanner a lot of times like they
uh they glow things like glow a certain
way but I've never seen that before
where they they have the white blocks
all around them and this is a nice
mining gun
Janka Sanada it's not a glitch I I have
never seen that that's crazy
oh and and now we have that doesn't
happen that is indeed a glitch guys it's
you got it's got to be a difference
between the ps4 version and the PC
version yeah this is the PC version
Gunther Studios which is playing his PC
version because it only happens on the
shit you could mine right it only
happens that right like here we're over
here
yeah nope whoopsie
like wait walk backwards a little bit
keep walking backwards see if the
texture changes did you see that no keep
walking backwards or now does it no it's
fine the texture or suddenly changed
when you got closer okay
so it's not doing the glitch right the
glitch right ankle only want to scan huh
that looks way too delivered to not be
delivered I mean to be a glitch why
would this way with his weird grid be
here it doesn't look like I'm I don't
think it's supposed to be a grid I think
it's supposed to glow but I don't I mean
I don't know also you know or truthy
says I scan a lot that doesn't happen
unless it's only on PC maybe it's a
maybe it's a PC thing that's really
weird don't you think anybody who's
played this on PC which isn't do you do
you not get that does it does anybody
who plays on PC not get that that's the
question
feeling like a freak says yeah on the
ps4 it never pops up
it's just grids on the skin yeah that
grid on the skin that was our first game
oh that's some kind of grid guy to help
you aim properly instead of shooting all
over the place yeah
other people are saying it happens on
their PC it happens on their PC i I have
not had that happen on my ps4 it might
be a PC a PC thing let's see this time
says my effect rich Thanks any other
superhero comics in the vein either you
or either of you hack frauds can
recommend like alias dude is it thing oh
that's where you came from anything like
alias like alias like alias that I can
think of off the top of my head yeah oh
yeah mr. coach that that that is weird
that the sometimes the leftover material
just floats there in this guy yeah
drives me nuts actually that there's no
gravity on it drives me now you think
I'd be fairly easy to you know do
something about that maybe I don't know
I'm gonna run all the way back to being
range of the ship before I can transfer
some that might be a ship thing I bet
ships have different ranges Captain
Hook's as a tip for making money don't
want it to explore but don't wander too
far or it'll be a pain in your ass but
this is an exploration game but don't
explore how close do I have to fucking
be I'm gonna lose back to the fucking
ship and I changed ships cuz it wouldn't
shut up about me you know not switching
the ship god I'm annoyed
don't need all that fucking iron yeah
you read some of that shit can you can
you start making stuff with that her
idiom
what kind of fuel does the guy insist on
having
there's a merge option right huh there's
moving stack but that only work for
certain items I've actually never been
able to use the move in stack command I
don't know why it exists
gobbledygook says a tip from making
money is to trade with the other pilots
every pilot has something special they
are looking for marked by a star they
pay double for that item
buy cheap from another pilot and sell
for it sure sure sure sure you weren't
sure sure sure
hi sure but why what's the point said I
don't know oh shit
I just need a mining dream because I'm
fucking on a fucking mining base Oh God
well this will get rid of some of your
inventory at least in space which no one
can hear you being annoyed
fuck me cock says we have this great
idea for an exploration game where you
see this huge galaxy with really cool
and interesting planets in geography but
players will spend about 70% of their
time on their inventory screens
I did find like in just exploring the
planet one of the question marks
I did find randomly an upgrade slot to
my exosuit that gave me another
inventory slot so I really think if I
got I'm just gotta fuck exploring I'm
just gonna fly over yeah and even I
think you need to fly more that's I
think you need to fly more and I think
you need to like fly slowly and look
around which is actually another part of
my problem is every time you fly this
ship wants to pull up and you can't
really fly that close to the ground but
fly more look around for some shit to
land on oh god the draw distance is so
Oh God look at that
you see I should just pop up right in
front of your eyes endeavour Dokdo did
indeed everything to do indeed indeed
and Devon in to do I like Andy Davis man
maybe you shouldn't get this ambitious
oh you're gonna learn a new kick
no you cannot crash your ships the game
will not let you fly too close to the
planet somebody I said you can crash
into a space station yeah maybe you can
crash into a space station but you
cannot crash it on the planet I assume
the question was about crashing into the
planet but I tried earlier I went at
warp speed right had a planet yeah
pulled up at the last second weird so
yeah I'd say just flying it in the ship
because it's letting me know I did a
journey look at my journey you
accomplished something rich shut up get
off the fucking screen alright fuckin
jerk you fucking asshole okay hey
there's some things what's that right
below yeah what is that
yeah what did then I don't know yeah
you're not gonna go to that yeah go to
that see this flyover there's gonna be a
bunch of shit there's gonna be a bunch
of shit Jack that's literally all the
game is just look at this a bunch of
shit look at it's a whole water shit oh
it's just aluminum was that it was that
the thing we saw from up there look
different from up there was that what we
saw yep oh fuck that sorry man look at
this it's magic luminol oh oh yeah
look at that look at this magic aluminum
all my fuck it's unobtanium
oh my god it's worth a lot we're rich
shit anti gravel in mundum unobtainium
oh wait you don't remember avatar can't
imagine somebody not remembering avatar
the most memorable movie of all time and
that was totally not just a gimmick with
the 3d and that's the other reason that
movie made money no no no it was a
serious work of science-fiction remember
one of the hands of blue people oh they
thought that was pretty remember when
the protagonist was the most boring
piece of shit that had ever graced a
movie I'm a soldier I'm trying to
remember his name rich but now I've gone
native no I'm a Navi what's his name Sam
Worthington
no the character was Karen
boring Mick fuck
da-daddy damn them I can walk again I am
very excited to walk again great great
great
I gotta didn't want total more things
rich how did the same man who discovered
Linda Hamilton cast me because he
doesn't care anymore when he discovered
Linda Hamilton he probably cared about
casting she's got a lot of personality
she'd be great in this role he took some
time to cast and now he has a whole
people he has people that do him do that
you know that Michael Bain he's great
look he looks like a man who's got
post-traumatic stress disorder he's
perfect look at all this person aliens
I'm gonna make the grandest sci-fi epic
if it's gonna be in 3d my main character
is gonna be 2d is a contrast I'm going
to talk to it I'm not gonna understand
what it said because I only know two
words this new language stand to woods
be something that'll be something I
sometimes I think I know what you're
doing yeah Richard motherfucking Evans I
don't know what I'm doing every once in
a while I am convinced that you know
what you're doing whoa oh that's much
better Wham
it's am I in the big stuff sure can you
do it again does it work
stop pulling up
let me just fly oh fuck off that's
something that bothers me an incredible
amount reg that you can this is the
closest you can get to the planet I am
NOT pulling up the game is doing that
don't down oh yeah that's not that's
that's one of the first things I noticed
after I got in the plane and every
single time that bothers the absolute
piss out of me
let me put fly closer to the damn planet
all right well I got one oh my god I'm
sorry fuck me cock I wish the webcam was
working as well
uh-huh
yeah actually I would have been a good
one for the webcam because I'm kind of
straining yeah yeah no no well hey shit
happens shit happens is basically what's
going on can you you can make a bypass
chip sure you you know what what what
what the fuck
quite literally two minutes ago you said
I'm rich Evans do you think I know what
the fuck I'm doing and now and now your
turn coating on me and saying of course
I know what I'm doing I'm rich Evans I
would like to point out some statistical
inconsistencies with what you say rich
Jack I make the greatest speech the
greatest you know all the words I know
all the talking it's the best talking I
don't know sometimes when you talk I
don't think it makes much sense well
then you and we are going to waterboard
you and go after your families and you
must be attacking me
you are being incorrect about the way I
talk I'm going to torture you even if it
doesn't work wait did you go to the one
thing all right well I went to the other
thing that was nearby oh sure right you
got to go to the house still there it is
wait no I can do it the fuck I want Jack
what the fuck I want you don't tell me I
did the right cuz you know how to play
cuz you know where sky I'll tell you you
know autumn play no man Scott you know
all the things about all the stuff and
I'm so sorry I know all of the stuff
Skulltula house is rich can you destroy
planets with trilithium resin in this
game
sure why not great you can do it
you need to combine it with the aluminum
and unobtainium first though if I am to
be believed reports that was generations
with the trilithium I have no idea oh
look at that happy little guy hello
there hello a happy little frog bird man
we don't know any of those words great
that's all I God so
well you know what fuck off he just took
your shit you fuck right off he just
took your shit rich I got so much that
crap yeah strip alright uh phrase easy
says everything you want is in space
engineers check it out you can actually
design massive ships to to small mining
drones you can also trade between
planets and actually crash into it space
engineers I will write you know what I'm
gonna go a step further and write that
down so we do a whole episode that's
just games that are better than no man's
sky games that out no man's sky out no
man no man's sky before no man's sky was
no man's sky it's not a bad idea
oh dear oh dear rich you done just about
okay I think you're done I'm done
alright that's fair I'm done like I'm
just I'm just so worried that this is
gonna be it Jack what I know and I don't
want it to be like I want I still want
more I need to find a fucking safe thing
though because you know this game is
obnoxious with saving you have to go
back it's not there's not autosave but
there's not really save anywhere Ness
either I got to find a magical safe
thing that's probably hidden somewhere
no you can go in your ship you do it the
ship yeah I thought it was only the safe
towers no it was this one right here
okay thought it was just these things
you can enter your ship and then exit
your ship and as soon as you exit your
ship it saves doesn't yeah every time
you exit your ship it is oh but still
kind of so why did I have the individual
safe things that's fine fucking fine oh
because I'm a blue buff because blurmeh
blog before all right after that crash
we would loss that's true we lost the
the leftover beefcake twat sure it's
true so we have two subs it we have two
exclamation point subs is or is it subs
exclamation point I think it subs
ethical base
that it okay we'll try that subs
exclamation point no I quit and that's
the quit you need to quit
there's the quit turn that piece Oh Joe
just sub sub exclamation point oh yeah
is it none of these exclamation points
sub no no these are working okay
exclamation point sub
