More Merry XCOM (Part 1)
December 28, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pPZut8KnkaE

next comes fucking fucking I'm turning
it on he's always looking for an excuse
to play XCOM whatever I do whatever the
fuck I want I guess you can it took
separate cars that's true you if you
don't like it you can just fuck me
XCOM you're already angry he's always
angry hey I'm frequently cranky yeah I
wouldn't say I'm angry okay anger
implies curse mash cranky yeah that's
good narrow world against me are well
ma'am that's what Craig is yes I am
cranky yeah no video at the moment I
know yeah we're working on it impatient
fuckers I got it trust me there's
nothing to see I can see the background
of its steam account and a window in
front of a window where he's setting the
settings for the okay I got telling what
we're doing enough doesn't do itself
yeah that's great exciting stuff or
Kenya if they see that screen I don't
know planet coaster I think we tried to
play planet coaster and it was like like
really wrong jittery we had some crash
issues and then we tried to play the
other one all right what was the other
one called it's got a cute neza wrong
game
and that one wouldn't what was that
other game we're playing the one who's
got they've got the cute name and the
funny trailer it's another theme park
park attacked yeah yeah and park
attacked it was nothing but a black
screen continue to verbally communicate
gentlemen in a sort of beige and gray
suit with a very very large weapon this
is more like it and there's his female
counterpart or possibly just get back
we're lightly built dude the hell is a
big deal all right coming bling them out
what do we got bright green is kind of
nice um blue ooh pink purple or pink or
purple purple we're all purple purple
all right well what else we have let's
look at the rest
so purple looks there's two different
Purple's let me see the two of them
together not that one the other one
no ya know what's the other one no
darker one yeah this know that right
there purple purple sorrel purple it's
like a blue or the purple that's blurple
that's blurple it's my that's purple
that's blurple it's violet definitively
purple blurple well the other one is
kind of a pink almost what are we
worried oh the other one close look or
the other one this one no not that one
this one not that one the smoothing on
the know there's this is your three
options well that one I guess this one
yeah this is what you want all right
sure what we doing for here yeah indigo
it's kind of an indigo uh
sure look this one no back one before
that there's no not that one the other
one this one no yeah this one the other
way Oh for fuck's sake ya know yes last
time I was on this leave your head let's
turn the other way it look different
love yours I'm saying fuck him what are
we gonna we go what are we got the same
color hair different color I think needs
pink he does pink he needs pink hot pink
hot pink oh yeah there we go go back
yeah wait wait wait wait let's make sure
we've looked at all of the pinks oh yeah
that one oh yeah right look there with
those with a but that blue glowing
crotch section I lined up don't it's
perfect fabulous all right what are we
doing with hair oh yeah the Che Guevara
the okay with us up with or without
sunglasses
uh yeah like that without salsa lesson
all right all right hot pink chain all
right now you get to tell me what to do
with this one um you want a different
head yeah I give me a different head
there we go Hey look no bec i don't i
don't know okay there we go yeah he
looks like a schmuck like a newscaster
now these are all named after people in
the chat now I'm bear to see you bash
just so you know just so you know if
they don't look like people the chance I
hope I don't know you don't know uh-oh
he looks like looks like a schmuck your
version of Robert Redford you okay with
that hair yeah facial hair
they have like an homage oh yeah wait no
go back yeah yeah yeah okay okay her
color it I heard a loop I heard I heard
a whoop here what are we going at oh
yeah no go back to the turquoise yeah
there we go her yeah yeah you're
matching matching sir sure don't mind if
we do all right there we go there we go
I what are we doing here we need to be
diverse so they have like other people
other species are just other races nope
what nope Hey hmm let's have a person of
color why not there we go okay actually
that particular one looks like the
receiver of our my old star okay except
you needs a mustache mustache no he
didn't have that kind of mustache there
we go there with the sideburns to go to
know sure why not yes can you make its
hair bright white or something but that
would really stand stand out on uh oh
there we go yeah yeah yeah we got bright
white I know we got before I white no
the bright white doesn't look as weird
as bright yellow does okay okay
so you've got a dude of color with a
with bright yellow hair and a brillo
suit
clutter eyes okay whatever used to stop
I'm wait to see how long it takes for
his finger to get tired
do-do-do-do-do-do top black black I'm
black it's kind of green isn't it well
highlights okay
all right what do we got what do we got
but not beam weapons wait a power
generator would be built satellites are
being built let's go down what are the
same come on for black on black is the
name of the Mad Max car it's also name
is the Interceptor I know when the was
it the new movie was just in the video
game I think was just the video game it
was called the black on black that's
specifically what I was referring to for
for the record here's arrived this
morning commander always glad to have
more help down here
oh wow I got a ton money and power
generators being built we're gonna need
an access lift you know when they start
when they start doing like that the DNA
hacking for people they need to hack
people's skin so it's got like
chromatophores like an octopus so you
could have like tattoos like come up on
your skin and different textures and
different colors uh-huh like anywhere
okay you know like you could you could
like show images on your skin you would
need to be tattooed that caulk in would
be like a TV screen temperature okay
they called it the black on black on the
road warrior how come I don't remember
that I remembered clearly for the video
game I guess I said at the room or what
I love that movie why don't I remember
that line I don't know any case I love
that car rich messed up his power you
mean no I'm building power generators
I'm gonna get more power to build stuff
I just don't have it built yet octo camo
yeah cuddle camo cuddle camel cuddle
fish oh they have some the most amazing
camouflage out there
now we have a power generator are you
happy are you all happy
I've lost track of where we are on the
skin I hope the in weapons are good
I appreciate your effort into cuddle
camels did you need a hug in the Barisan
or did you put the new recruits to work
in the lab nope this isn't dead rising
everybody decided that dead rising for
is just awful yeah somewhat lame they my
my description rich have you seen the
90's TV series Viper you're like holding
viper or something or sigh heavy not
about to change their tactics that's why
I do this is a message to the entire
world that nothing can stop them
that's will not be happy until they are
a pretty color
we're going to change the color on that
swing
listen unless it's already pretty
I think is interesting that whenever
they show something that's supposed to
be on television in one of these games
they indicate that supposed to be on
television by having all of the scanline
where's all the scanlines like an old
lower-resolution telling because it's a
good look it's a neat look it reads
on-screen as TV
alright
your dad's aunt wants to be pretty color
yeah she's kind of a doll collar what
were we did randomly yeah the white
looks nice on her the white yeah is that
racist mm-hmm no it's not she's got
mocha skin and dark hair and dark
highlights so in contrast having white
highlights on the suit they don't want
to be racist that's all okay we changed
the color from black now we're going to
white he could redo that you can read
into that and I don't know red I don't
know I'm just saying oh is that dance is
that a pretty enough color they have
like a pastel change change the deck oh
there's the shiny one us oh no you know
what I was the one there's it was just
one of them morphing into the other that
I saw before and I thought it was a
shiny one um I like that one like this
want those storm trooper ii storm debris
right ash it's like a stormtrooper kind
of like I got like a bb8 storm and color
scheme to storm trooper
gonna hide her face well if you want
stormtrooper oh no no okay oh she the
cowboy yet sir cowboy was just a fedora
oh yeah old fedora yeah why not she's
stylin hey what's her name Zant's that's
just sad dance with the hat says for the
girl and purple doesn't look weird
enough anymore I think we had a re-edit
her a little hope only I want assault
and somebody say there's an afro I've
ever showed you the pictures of my mom
with the afro know you've seen my dad
when he basically had an effort yeah my
mom had the same thing going cuz she's
accept your dad's a natural redhead and
my mom is like naturally like medium
brown but she'd for some reason in the
70s she dyed her hair red so what are we
changing her now and it's naturally
curly and she picked it out they can
abbie hoffman but longer afro hair we
what are we changing her no he said we
had to oh yeah I want to know somebody
said afro I want to know how big the
afro is there was no effort there's no
afro
I'm disappointed
oh you can make her bald y'all bald yeah
none of these guys are bald ah gallis
bald with a cap cuz that's pretty ball
okay sure no yes yeah ball but ya know I
like that all right bold of the baseball
cap we got a pink Che Guevara and a
storm trooper with a fedora that's with
a hat and a guy who's yellow hair
matches his yellow outfit
dress up the stream hey if you left it
up to me you'd be having tours of my
animal crossing village right now you
want tours of my animal crossing village
I didn't think so poor sorry Jen why
poor we gave Sir each in a nice hat and
a purple outfit that's not poor anything
they said his mom got bit by a ginger
while giving birth I'm not sure who they
who they're talking about but your mom
definitely had a thing for gingers your
dad your step dad both flaming red heads
sorry was not a redhead Terry senior
lonely blonde thought he was he was red
like your brother your brother's pretty
red I mean he's not planning all that
red strawberry blonde maybe I just a
blonde I saw your dad to listen sprite
is your sister one dead two tears like
your sisters right like red dead yeah my
daddy's bed right flaming red hair yeah
yeah you got it you got the dark hair
for your mom said yeah do I enjoy
simcity I've not really played it much
although I think it's something I would
enjoy and I always think I should get
into some City and that I never think
about it when I'm in front of a computer
animal crossing is amazing star do
valley everybody's telling me anything I
started out you didn't like the controls
I don't I would love to play stardew
valley with a with it with a controller
or not a keyboard well you can play with
a controller but it's a little bit weird
when you try to put the curse around
things is the only issue with that
keeping one grenade who gets the scope
and I i I've like I've enjoyed the stims
franchise I've enjoyed Rocco's jersey
talking about roller coaster you are
getting the scope then go on guns we
talk Oh an exhausting it seriously then
oh they said it soothes them i said hey
and the crossing is seriously then you
can do while you're doing other things i
don't like the real time aspect of it
you've set the alarm because you had to
have dinner with a hedgehog at six well
you can set what time is just like I
mean you don't have to it's just like I
set the alarm so I wouldn't forget about
it we're heading into China for the next
up I'm really just you know open it up
at that time and million it go visit
with the animal for 45 seconds and it's
done but if I miss that I'm not Syrian
minimize but if I'm home anyway yeah
sneezed
have you considered just playing started
I love that great point look at my
clothes look at that camel flage oh yeah
that's some serious maybe on a planet
where everything's pink give squad site
yes you do Oh any rare games that i like
donkey kong country trilogy killer
instinct banjo kazooie Conker's Bad Fur
Day Battletoads actually played none of
them just saying a bunch of work so
somebody asked me oh I liked if I had
played or like Donkey Kong Country
trilogy killer instinct banjo kazooie
Conker's Bad Fur Day battle tones they
sound fun I honestly haven't played them
the answer was Justin lovely I'm sure
they are on why ever ever hear the end
of it well I'll assume they're lovely
until I if you say you haven't played
then the answer is what have you played
it oh yeah exactly as I suck as a gamer
but welcome to my fucking world all
right cuz if they're looking for
somebody with a lot of work hard it's
probably not me but I do casually enjoy
a lot of games yesterday we picked up a
scooby-doo first fright so I was playing
the first stage or two of that and while
it's probably too easy even for me it's
also cute
right now which really doesn't like the
chat no no there's every now and then
there's some house rules but in general
I love you guys do I like mustard
actually I do like mustard rich does not
like mustard enough for the both of us
now the people of the chat i don't like
are the assholes who insist i need to
love final fantasy or mustard i usually
don't get that but I I they insist I
need to love final fantasy as if it were
my child and there is no other response
that is acceptable other than its most
amazing thing that has ever been amazed
in amazement he's not big on games with
a lot of grinding if you gotta like work
on experience points or something he
doesn't have the patience for it he
doesn't like Animal Crossing because
you're limited like you can only do
Christmas shit if it's Christmas you
know like I delivered my presence to the
critters on Christmas Eve I can't do
that today and I can't do it yesterday
unless I screw with the system clock but
you know a couple days from now there'll
be new year stuff there's always new
stuff to do
huh clearly rich hates the chat we can
tell because he spends eight hours with
it every week that's a sign you bought
new leaf twice and sold it twice I would
feel more like a chore well you know
they do after a while those games can
get too few no I mean I used to play
wild world a lot yeah at some point you
kind of get burned out on it and you put
it down for a while don't alert anything
okay right now I'm busy trying to get
all my polkadot furniture and
customizing it all with keely shirts and
in gems or species this specimen is
nothing like the rich how much would it
cost for you to play final fantasy while
eating a hotdog smothers and mustard Sam
I'm not even doing that as a joke
anymore i'm done with the final fantasy
people done
tried to be nice but I was a jerk for
not liking Final Fantasy you see see I
should pretend to hate mustard when
people look like offer me money to do
things while you mustard
mustard tell me okay
I don't know what your major malfunction
is well pineapple pizzas good too
pineapple pizza mustard wasabi what what
is your problem
what genres of what gains rich likes a
lot of different games first-person
shooters sims the brawler's a lot of
things the guidance pretty fun Zelda
some of them come right now some of them
are okay some of them are great I am NOT
replacing Jack no one could replace Jack
dad is on vacay we're done with dead
rising it wasn't it wasn't going over
well with the masses mustard in mac and
cheese that actually sounds pretty good
just had a little bit give it some tang
I might try that I usually like to put a
lot of pepper in my mac and cheese yeah
wasabi is is in the US is green colored
horseradish I've never had actual wasabi
but i do like horseradish green or
otherwise and it tends to be like the
stuff that they sell is wasabi in the US
is like kind of a more coarsely ground
whereas the stuff they sell is
horseradish well some of its like of
course the ground too but some of its
like like something of an Arby's horsey
sauce is marla go it's like spicy
mayonnaise dogs dogs are used
oh and I also like there's chipotle
mayonnaise I think craft makes it that's
good you grow your own cayenne peppers
yeah in Mac I've never liked put cayenne
peppers and mac but they you know they
make those dried pepper flakes like you
put on Petes and stuff I put those in
macaroni and cheese and that's really
good I was talking about black pepper
but yeah hot peppers good too and yeah
I'll try them try the mustard in the mac
and cheese in my portion obviously not
his because it must a little bit of
mustard in things that are kind of mild
and creamy like like potato salad it
does add a bit of a zing a pungent so
where is it I've never had sriracha on
mac and cheese I've only had to watch a
couple times and I don't know it was
alright where is it I saw for a second
now it's gone they want to know how big
a tip it would take you to get take to
get you to eat pineapple pizza dipped in
mustard while playing any game you want
what say the most bizarre things there
you are
salsa can mean so many things though
salsa has made so many ways and
frequently it has obscene amounts of
cilantro in it all objectives come I
don't hate cilantro but small doses
otherwise whatever you're reading just
tastes like cilantro oh look at that
look at that everybody look look look at
that look at that civilians saved 18 of
18 excellent on my first day our mission
that's fucking awesome choose me
congratulations dude wearing pink that's
true fucking be wearing Che Guevara
that's great that's holy shit holy
fucking shit I like his pants they're
like half blue and half like yeah I'm in
the cilantro taste soapy category I
don't know if it's like what version of
a you know genetic mutation you've got
going you know that makes things taste
differently I mean I think it's probably
physical difference in how some people
taste cilantro and how other people
taste cilantro and to me it's it's not
that good
look at all these promotions welcome
look at him give that pink guy a medal
oh here's blue hair guy he looks like
yeah some movie with a guy that looks
like that is it reason your zona know
that kind of moustachy thing just that
that kind of face and stuff hey Lexi
facially kind of looks like my Uncle Bob
said you somebody Sam except you know
Michael Bob doesn't have blue hair thank
you keep talking about food riches in
the zone de lakha is entering the danger
zone rich what did your mom your uncle
make for you guys to eat for Christmas
tell them what your uncle made for
Christmas dinner he still thinks for
kids when he when we were kids my uncle
would always make his tater tots and
cheese some when we went over as adults
he made us tater tots and cheese and
frozen white castles they were frozen
when we ate them oh come all ye faithful
and white castles I mean I I for those
of you who haven't had white castles I
think most of us some people like nobody
most people think they're kind of
borderline you kind of have to have a
taste for them they're little weird
they're not that great fresh little oh
no much eat so much cheesy med like half
a gallon or more two pounds of velveeta
cheese mixed with butter is that two of
those blacks I must have been it was it
shine freakin dead shiet dish I took a I
took a picture of my brother holding the
ditch it was Ed it's insane Tiberius
it's cool if you like frozen white
castle but you got to admit that they're
they're lacking is Christmas dinner
alone I got I got too many people in
their panties me suggested that he just
do froze you made softer would have been
fine still saying
we know is uncle not real thing I change
that right now I I don't know about
other parts of the country but white
castles definitely not confined to the
ghetto in the Chicago area no there are
over there are plenty of them in various
socio-economic sort of you know
demographic suburb things rich people
eat white castles too they want to know
how