Rocket to the Stars (Rocket League)
August 24, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mx0RofOYeUw

can we bribe rich to freak Jack out
while he is building his PC yes I do
accept bribes no and you know Oh bother
I I'm looking forward to this I'm
comfortable around electronics I've been
spending watching a shit ton of YouTube
videos might the only thing I'm waiting
for I'm waiting for the motherboard and
once I get the motherboard the only
thing that might not work you know so it
all depends on like when we can actually
do the stream is because it's a
everything needs to be low-profile the
CPU cooler I got might not work with the
RAM I got like the the CPU cooler is
gonna be pretty close to the motherboard
and it's wide it's actually it's really
interesting the CPU cooler I had to get
a different one than you got the low
profile and and so it looks kind of
interesting great reviews there we go
yep it rumbled it rumbled a temple dude
good great reviews but I don't know Ram
clearance is tricky right and so that's
the thing is like I'm not sure if my CPU
cooler will clear the RAM that's what
I'm worried about at this point so as
soon as I get my motherboard I'll
actually be able to like half put it
together where do we go to put in a
password and all that jazz create match
I missed the part where we do that
Oh leave what yeah that's weird
be an exhibition write the stuff in
liquid oh no not an exhibition there you
go drew a create prevent the stuff in
liquid cooler and I did look into liquid
coolers but the stuff in liquid cooler
is is kind of like anti freeze as well
to make sure that the stuff doesn't
freeze if it gets too cold and I could
have gotten I saw a really nice Corsair
liquid cooler that would have fit in
perfectly and continued with the small
form and actually my case has two
special holes in case I ever do want the
password is one two three four
the password is one two three four yeah
great so if I ever do want to do liquid
cooling in the future I can the problem
with that is the radiator especially for
the Corsair needed to go on top of my
tower completely ruining the beautiful
slim form of my tower so I could I
didn't I chose not to do liquid cooling
because it would ruin the aesthetic but
I found this really nice cooler that uh
that I'm excited about
in general liquid be so worried about
that gonna be fucked and I've seen a
couple people who who who have said like
this shipped with a leak in it but then
they got replaced but most people seem
to be pretty happy with it it looks
great and I and I agree I'm not super
worried about heating because I don't
plan on overclocking my CPU so I'm not
really worried about overheating the the
heatsink
overclocking is a thing but I mean if
it's a smaller case he might just be an
issue because the case is smaller sure
oh sure sure and you know all I have to
go on right now hang up right now I'll
have to go Iran is uh is his reviews
some liquid cool amounts can't go into
the back of the case like I said my my
case is a smaller form case and so I
don't want to I don't want to cover up
the exhaust fan on the small case oh
you're head rich damn you Nigel pepper
cock right over your head like a dope
yep my god
don't know guess I will just sit here
and let Nigel pepper cock
uh yeah room name is prereq password is
one two three four
obviously you can't get out in this game
but next one oh yeah our Miller I will I
will tell you all of my all of my you
know like I got pretty standard parts
and I will let you know all of my stuff
so if some damn you Nigel Deborah
cockeyed your pepper cock for the second
school so if my bill does turn out not
to be a horrible disaster you can copy
my build I will give you all the specs
but it's all it's all pretty normal
stuff you know I five six six hundred
processor which is a very nice processor
the gtx 1070 graphics card i know
everyone's up on the 1080 and and i did
double check the 1080 will fit but it
was like five hundred dollars more but
the 1072 look like it was still a very
nice graphics card nope I gotta learn to
do that aerial shit oh man you really do
it's a game changer
the little aerial stuff I've done nice
oh you like that you fooled me for the
last time Pepa cock
1072 bees great you know I'm not like
I've I've spent oh hey nice I've spent
some some real nights reading up on all
this shit hopefully all of my
measurements worked out because like
some sites have their measurements in
like centimeters some haven't been
inches and somehow millimeters and so
like basically I had one Google sheet
open with a converter and two pages open
with my case schematics and the the the
schematics of the thing I was trying to
put in the case and I believe all my
conversions works I really hope that
they all work it'll be fine
that's I guess that's what they dub
you're gonna smell burning plastic one
day and that's what that heart monitors
for right and is that like okay finally
the final component my power supply
everything oh it doesn't fit did it
maybe I put it inside right let's see
you get the hammer oh my lord
did you try PC part picker to check your
compatibility no no I just did all the
measurements and you know like some of
the things you know like for for example
for my case I needed a mini ATX
motherboard and so you know then you
just go to new egg and type in mini ATX
and all the mini ATX is show up and and
then you know for my cooler you know the
cooler says oh you need this input to
power and this input to control and I
looked on my motherboard and I said oh
yeah that has the correct input in power
give the correct power supply jack Oh
for how many watts yes I believe I have
more than enough and Kate you know the
thinking about future proofing I should
have more than of guess 750 watts I need
to do some updating yeah and I might get
a bigger power supply oh yeah what do
you have known 650 I think it's I think
they're nuts okay I didn't go nuts sure
I did I need to save money somewhere
yeah absolutely
Darth Steven s I am I'm getting the
Leanne Lee P Q 10 I want to say it's
called the Lee Anne Lee P Q 10 or Q P 10
I forget exactly which still like to
change mine now and anything it's all
it's all done deal
oh yeah no I just forget the the Lee Ann
Lee piece
oh the PC q10 that's what it's called
Lee Ann Lee PC q10 thank you so it's a
it's a really gorgeous small form case
with with a glass on one side oh yeah I
got the fancy case I know I need a I
like you don't really need anything I
would like a case that I
and put on my desk and have looked
pretty for every once in a while I do
have clients in my office like for
editing sessions looks extra fancy and
well you know I it's people are over at
my house all the time people are in my
office all the time especially clients
and so yeah you know I want it to look
nice you should see what I write after
this
edit which was a pretty tough edit for
me I got I got a under mounted wire
management system which is basically
just like a big ass basket that hangs
under your desk and I got a new monitor
stand for my second monitor and I got a
little thing too for under my desk for
all my consoles and stuff to go so now
the top of my desk is completely barren
except for my mouse and keyboard and it
is beautiful it is like Zen and what's
gonna happen is when I start my next
project I'm gonna start piling shit up
on it again because that's what I always
do cuz who cares how my desk looks I
have a project yeah and then after that
projects then I'll sin again and right
now I'm all Zen with my desk and I
fucking love it and then I'm gonna have
this gorgeous PC right there just part
of my Zen wrench I love my desk but I
know it's falling apart oh yeah
beautiful l-shaped desk but them mm-hmm
you know the fake wood starting to peel
off the particle board the edges are all
worn off my keyboard drawer is all kinds
of fucked up oh and the top of the hutch
where I've got my life-size spider-man
bust it's it's it's starting to get
weighed down it's starting to droop the
hunch no no yes I have a life-sized
spider-man bust
I think they've seen it right that that
has appeared yeah that's been in was the
spider-man axis long where there was a
comic book store which I think was the
amazing spider-man yeah
yeah my debt my task is very simple I my
desk is is a giant piece of wood with
four legs there is nothing special about
my desk it's just a giant piece of wood
with four legs but for a long time you
know like right now I have the Xbox one
I have the ps4 in my desk I have it
hooked up to my second monitor I have
all of like my video recording equipment
for you know like when I record gameplay
footage and all of those wires were just
in a clump they were in a rat's nest
yeah so I got I got a little it's like a
basket from Ikea that just screws into
the bottom of your desk and you can like
put your rat's nest there basically like
it's not an organizer it's literally a
hider mm-hmm it's just like yeah put
your rat's nest here then you won't see
it which is all I want oh nice save rich
rich Evans huge save huge save get that
get there get there fucked fucked that's
all right
did I get that piece of wood from the
dump no it was it was it's actually a
far more expensive desk than I paid for
it it was a it was a Craigslist find I
just spent a long time looking at
Craigslist just a really nice desk our
tips coming in again I'm sorry I haven't
been reading tips because I thought they
weren't coming in oh my god I'm very
very very very sorry everybody where did
we
hold on still want to get front mission
for we've read that angel pepper cock
where are you now dammit we're on the
same team you vanished Oh
first of all mortal mortal rots I really
love Resident Evil 4 you don't have to
get it for me I've played it already but
I really love Resident Evil 4 shock my
kid said you crucified me everyone loved
and I thought removing the once oh we
already read that II Ferren said thanks
for playing no man's sky I think I'll
wait till the price goes down below 40
and they released a DLC that adds
gameplay to the game also the breaking
pottery that breaking pottery sound
never gets old
the the Kerlin Ness car sound yes I
agree with that every time I hear that
in rlm video it's it's like a it's like
a warm hug it's magic it's magic hey
rich says anonymous it's pretty common
knowledge that you're a huge maniac
mansion fan apparently so it begs the
question when will Jack let his kids
start mowing the lawn it doesn't beg
that question it does beg that question
I will let I will mine well I will I
will let my kids start mowing the lawn
the absolute second that they are able
to I hate mowing my lawn and I live in
the city so my lawn is no bigger than
this tiny room were in and I hate that I
fucking hate yard work with lawn sizes
real passion so as soon as their tiny
bodies are able to push that lawn more
it is no longer my job nice rich nice
clear ball or a nice clear ball would be
on the other side of the course you kept
it away from your goal for a moment Oh
what are this what are my specs on my
lawn oh it's it's only a 960 but uh I
think I'll upgrade to the PQ 20
I hate mowing my lawn so hard and it
honestly like with edging and taking my
clippings to the garbage it maybe takes
me 25 minutes I still hate it so much
ah let's see here anonymous says
sharknado 1 is actually a funny bad
movie because it doesn't have the
cynical shit bad asylum films do there's
a reason it got big but Sharktopus
didn't see it - is math 3 sucks
yeah the first sharknado was kind of a
stab in the dark right well stab in the
dark it was a funny title yeah but I
think they were still trying to make a
real movie sharknado that's a that's a
funny idea
that's like me yeah but that's before
people loved it because it was a funny
idea and they stopped caring about the
quality they didn't I never save do they
care in the first place is that true I
don't know I assumed they did people
loved sharknado but yeah pretty
generally oh oh get there nice shot
nice shot where were we tired and sad
now that it's been a few years later the
fourth season of Arrested Development is
much better in retrospect although it is
often aliy at times what are your guys
thoughts did you watch the force 14 I
haven't seen all the second season oh i
binge watch it I think my brain got
exhausted of it after halfway through
the second season all right yeah and I
never went back to the fourth season
because I really didn't care for it
it would just felt weird and it felt
wrong and you know I know there were
there huge challenges I know there are
huge challenges with getting the cast
together and shooting it but it still
just didn't feel it didn't feel as good
so I don't know if I don't know if I
will ever I don't think this comeback is
gonna happen well not when you whiffed
like that straight up with rich
straight-up riff Oh God
threw that at my belly I left over on a
tired and sad okay ah I love rocket
loved overbeat cake says this tip for
rich to play some kind of Pokemon game
or 2d twin-stick pixel graphic indie
shooter game max sound volume while jack
is building yes oh my god you fuck fuck
we'll see we'll see but yeah that would
that would suck if you pay if you played
Pokemon uranium which I do want to play
on stream is that totally played
straight isn't like any kind of parody
aspect of the Pokemon uranium's
no no it's supposed to be just a Pokemon
game now everyone remember if you've
played what do we say usually two games
yeah if you've played two games bow out
and let someone else get a turn I'm
looking at you Nigel pepper cock the
is prereq one word and the code to get
in is one two three four
yes so if you could please bow out and
give other people a chance to play with
us and then you know and if by the time
we've started if nobody else has joined
in right if we're playing with like BOTS
then you could jump back in right but
give give everyone a chance to play you
did six oh three idiot says okay
given that rich like maniac mansion here
is money to buy either Zack McCracken or
Monkey Island on GOG both are the same
hybrid point-and-click as maniac mansion
Zack McCracken so yep so do it an
entertain us
okay well we'll see you know we play we
play the adventure games every so often
I just like the names Zack McCracken oh
we did get sent an it was I think was
sorry but I don't wanna that could be
wrong I sent us the the the bird lawyer
one the bird lawyer the the the bird
Phoenix right game any aviary attorney
oh oh
I was there I was there you fuck that
was sir it wasn't it was somebody else
I'm horribly sorry I've got a photo no
oh God thank you I almost hit it into my
own goal and I would've felt really bad
about a few games lately sure it might
be wrong but who gave me what it's
they're gonna didn't boom I got the
assist I got the assist young yeah yeah
yeah we like the adventure games we like
all that stuff
fisted by dope smokers nor hardware does
not usually mean more power draw
so future-proofing by getting a big
power supply is not really a thing 650
watts is plenty for almost any single
graphics card build income look when I
got when I got the 650 saying that's
gonna be fine everyone and their mother
was telling me now you need to get
something bigger that's way too small
that you know like everyone was saying
that well I think much like people
freaking out about the beloved movies
and and their favorite comic books and
consoles apparently people have now
taken to PC parts to define their lives
because I will tell you searching all of
these forums and and this is the one you
gotta get this is oh no this is though
this is this one change your life that
one sucks oh my god I can't even believe
it like and I'm I'm sure all of them
work in their own manner but oh fuck oh
I whipped
oh I lived I'm so sorry nobody cook says
Zack McCracken and the alien Mindbenders
was my favorite LucasArts game on my
commodore 64 a great follow-up to maniac
mansion highly recommend for a retro
game for your voice talent that sounds
great Zack yeah I just like the name so
let's play is that we've done a lot of
ceará ones yeah and I don't know about
the police question we should finish
that I had a bad time we weren't getting
much to work with with the descriptions
for comedy and Plus usually we take with
the same we've riff on it a little bit
but yeah the auto scroll made that like
impossible we had to read it as they
said it and quickly and I wouldn't be
able to I did see someone said like you
can change the speed of just the tech
scroll I might have missed that but it's
also still like auto scroll like we what
if what if you know you're going to an
extended improv session right right so I
like this idea I don't I don't
I do not want to do any more police
quest three and you know now we have
some other options and Oh nope no no no
no what oh my god I goofed everyone sir
you got everyone I really teams Morales
b4 I ruined the team's morale oh now we
got a fight back weird I mean we're only
one down we're fine we can do this
everyone we I believe in us
mother mother fuck mother fuck mother
fuck fuck fuck Nanami says Rico rich and
Friends / relatives has the mind of a
true craftsman he is a man who can do
anything to anything one of the most
advanced beings in the universe example
pling keto signaling keto oh yeah well
what was the brand of cold coffee brew
that was suggested by oh I don't
remember I see that you in the chat it's
great it was suggested by someone
someone tweeted me I want to say a cold
coffee brewer and it's great and I can
look it up for you as soon as I'm done
playing rocket League because I'm not
gonna know I do one or two I do one or
two I really need to redeem myself okay
after that's fine that's fine that was
not the time not there I thought I could
get there in time I can tell you exactly
what my cold coffee brewer which I love
by the way
that one was my fault because you
probably should have kicked off the ball
but I was fucking with you
that was that's that one goal was
completely on me and I'm not even
playing but what we have here is a
situation in which team morale is at an
all-time low because we haven't scored
we haven't even touch the ball and like
there we go
alright once we can score a point I
think we can rally I think we can puke
and rally here you just want to be able
to backwards flip don't you oh I do
backwards flip can you
well you know you can you can bicycle
kick yeah it doesn't make it go very far
but works in a pinch rich view or Jack
could have gone on any game show in
history what would you have wanted to go
on press your walk motherfucker
press your luck look fun yeah yeah Jack
has no answer his eye I'm just he's
doing it as rocket League juices I'm
just you have these games do some of
your sweet new aerials oh god I can do
them like what every once in a while
they're for and they're very and they're
very yeah I can try but I every now and
then I get up but I with like 90% of the
time I think everyone does Doug's are
people who are godlike Adam do you ever
watch the racket league championships
that were going on recently no oh my god
are they great it makes you it makes you
feel sick and bad we I thought it I
thought I was going to back it into your
own goal yes she had only 30 seconds
remaining we're so boned you can do it
you can do it oh no he can't spooky
Dookie ruined your chances for reduction
I got it I got it you got my god you
better Jack yes redeemed at one point
that I gave one you gave up that's all
you need to redeem
okay now guys four more points and we
got this zach is wax's if we're still
talking about add-ons for Jack's PC
build stream hmm here's money for rich
to use an airhorn when Jack messes up
more attention for Jack and us his his
success means our eardrums don't explode
look like if you want me to explode your
eardrums
I don't need an airhorn for that he's
goddamn I can do that just fine with my
natural pipes right hold on one moment
I'm going to it's just one two three
four not one two three four five just
one two three four nonnamous says I can
only imagine that Mike must be at the
studio from time to time while you two
are streaming is he really that
vehemently against it does he hate the
live format so much I might usually hear
earlier in the day and we usually stream
in the evenings and yes he's not a video
game guy he he would hate the format
that much yes what we're doing right now
it's just incomprehensible to Mike yeah
are you done what you can play another
round oh yeah oh you're already checked
I'm already checked I was looking up
there my cold coffee brewer I'm done I'm
sorry yeah what is it automatically
start it so weird everybody who's
playing this check why are they doing
the countdown two people are not murder
great oh they're what I think they left
cuz they're giving other people I don't
that's nice so for the business I would
start with BOTS there for for the person
who asked about my cold coffee brewer it
is a willow and Everett one quart iced
coffee glass pitcher with removable
filter will oh and Everett it's a really
great iced coffee maker put the grounds
in the filter let it sit in the fridge
overnight and you got yourself at least
four solid glasses of iced coffee you
just have to remember to make it the
next day
which is sometimes the hard part but you
have to you have to remember to make it
for the next day
we're losing already willow and Everett
fine called iced coffee maker cold brew
iced coffee maker Jack I saw how that
last match ended you can do some sweet
stuff to make up for the deficit you can
do it jack I mean it now I was still
talking about iced coffee a minute
that's fair that's fair this biscuit
count does biscuit count as what what
would biscuit count s or against sweet
save that's good it's almost as good as
a score well shit it's gonna have to be
it's all I got back it back it didn't go
in it's fine
that wasn't a commentary on your play
I'm just oh that was close that was
close yeah yeah I got so defensive jack
luckily put your shields down jack fuck
it with my rocket League lower your
shields all right I'm not gone you can
lower your ships son come oh oh we're
getting Internet we're getting Internet
it's fine it's fine
see I should have forgetting internet
here then then rocket League is just
having issues they should have great
internet we do have great internet and
great internet all the time here that's
the rule and I blame rocket League one
Oh
robbed robbed stopped the momentum stop
the momentum get out of here mr. glitch
you need to gain the momentum huh why I
stopped their momentum there their shot
on goal momentum that's a real thing oh
fuck every all bicycle hit well
sometimes if you can just knock the ball
up in the air you give your other
teammates time just to get in position
absolutely yeah I'm done with that I'm
done with that well and then a lot of
times like if you can just knock it you
know away from them going on the goal
you know it's just off ruins there and
don't worry about it don't know talk
jack no talk just right talking's on me
were these guys playing Starbound really
yes we were
yes we were now we're playing rock oh oh
you know what I might not have updated
it in chatty okay I updated it on the
the text anything can you go into
channel everything in so I could figure
out I guess what I'm saying is you can
will you worst thing for it there is
there it is yeah cuz twitch probably
still thanks for playing that yeah yeah
it does
Starbound I'm changing it so sorry for
anyone who came in here looking for some
sweet Starbound action that's the worst
that ball that ball rolled in because of
gravity like no one hated in oh one
against you yeah and it just makes you
feel sorry yeah terrible makes me feel
like a Dookie fuck
makes you feel like a big old Dookie I
changed the game and I changed the title
to vom to rock nice which doesn't make
much sense fine get the wall action
going on there jack bicycle hit bicycle
hit and an aerial hit nope
things should be properly updated
everything's fine now
King Craig is disappointed they love
Starbound oh I'm sorry King Craig you
know wasn't necessarily feeling it
obviously super early into the into the
stuff but I spooky Dookie spooky Dookie
nice I get it though like Starbound I
can get I think I think sometimes we
need to have more I think we make a
mistake playing everything for the first
time on stream mm-hmm I think it's
probably best if we have some off off
stream experience playing and so when I
just complete Doom's um maybe I think
there's an argument this is why our why
our FTL streams are great well I'm dead
I'm dead serious if we were if we'd
played FTL for the first fucking time it
would be awful it'd be fucking miserable
but the other thing that makes our FTL
streams great is you usually don't talk
much wait wait wait wait wait wait till
I go wait till I get to the whole thing
rich rookie Dookie is carrying your ass
I just want to point that wait till I
get to the whole thing which so what
usually happens when you don't talk much
is I just jibber constantly right and
then you add in your jokes it's the
exact same when I'm super into a game
and I don't talk okay
so FTL is a special circumstance because
the person playing whether it's you or
me is too into the game and the other
person does all the talking this is to
come back of the Year by the way yeah
we're doing pretty great so
special circumstances also I feels great
so everyone loves FTL except for the
people who don't apparently
the very least if it's a game we like we
should come back and replay it after
getting more time into it oh yeah like
our first hyper light drifter stream
yeah terrible I played it again one
stream and it was decent it wasn't awful
but the first time we played it awful
I'm sure there will be more dead rising
from me sooner or later
no I don't know if it's gonna be dead
rising one because I'd beat the shit out
of that game oh yeah I made that game
look like a fucking chump and there's I
made it to the top of Everest you know
and I join I made it to the top of
Everest and I jumped as high as I could
yeah yeah and and videotaped yourself
whilst as high as you could
absolutely but there are sequels oh yeah
yeah yeah I still have to have a good
Dead Rising to run that's not happened
so there you go got something to work
for alright so if you've played two
matches your spec for jump out let
somebody else have a chance to come in
absolutely had the rooms name is prereq
the code to get in is one two three four
easy peasy no ultimate sure that was not
a humble brag rich is just bragging and
he deserves to brag because I had a
fucking deathless perfect Dead Rising
run but perma I did everything you can
do in the game he did everything one two
hun one fucking run there list in the
game and then he defeated the enemy by
spitting on him all in front of a live
audience
so yeah you that's not a humble brag
that's just bragging and sometimes when
you're good at something you can brag
about it
hey any chance I could what hold on Jack
any chance you could make a just FTL
playlists of the youtube uploads they
genuinely are some of the episodes with
the most rewatch value ah I like I
probably won't but if you if you want to
yeah go ahead
just because finding them would probably
add a pain in the butt for me yeah well
you know you know what the other thing
about FTL that makes it kind of special
not just a game that we know it's a game
that at any moment you can pause right
yeah so like rocket League you got to
keep playing so if you want to like
really think about a point and and say
some stuff about it you can't pause
rocket League while you do that but FTL
is a game that kind of self pauses so
you can do you can hat like get into
that conversation then go back into the
game very very oh nice dribbling by the
way and then it didn't good I it was
impressive that kind of ball control oh
my god bunched up like that for I'm so
stupid
Sentret Sentret oh oh you're in a
position rich you were not in position
it's just not in the right position I
was in a position yeah he means a
YouTube playlist for the channel I don't
understand jakela we have a youtube
playlist for all the live streams they
want one with it's just FTL yeah
nice try let's try with that demo bitch
I hate it when they do that
know what win it anyway good shot I
totally fucked that up though any other
games either rich or Jack feels like
they could do a no death run or
equivalent yes on stream yes what do you
think several of them
oh go flirt flirt I came very close with
Maximo not swell while ago no oh get out
of there get out of that Carter I had
one fuck up yeah yeah Maximo Oh Maximo
the night in his end up oh and no one's
there is it going in oh is that going
nice nice
I've known this before we're straying
I've done know death runs of Ninja
Gaiden mm-hmm
doom I didn't want to do them the new
one oh happy that was that was segmented
though it's too long in only two days
sure half the game would half the game
that's pretty exciting though No More
Heroes 1 & 2
good
yeah and you know I guess I've never
really paid attention I've never bough
oh I've never been the type of gamer to
like pay attention to stuff like that
necessarily sound like that look at is
it is it good it will it yes
whole-wheat wrap rich from down
Jebus
jeebus creepeth a Regius factor we did
not take a two-week vacation from
streaming we missed like a day here and
a day there yeah no we did not a
two-week vacation no like we are you
know we missed it one day one week and
another now I was fine just being a
dickhead I totally forgot these two hack
stream that day after that two-week
vacation they took his fuckin what the
fuck was that
did you ever go to summer camp when you
were younger
yep I also never went to summer camp I
went camping a lot oh good game never to
a like summer camp we would go camping
all the time but uh hey that's what you
like doing just wiggling your wheels
back and forth everybody's got their own
thing which for me I like to jump up and
then try to hover as long as I can and
then shoot up and try to come back down
and stay perfectly vertical just to be
like look at look at my control yeah
control you're playing it cool those
guys yeah ever all these dickheads are
jumping around me I'm just but you know
I'm here don't you criminy Sara Jen
here's a tip saying I'm so sorry and
that was so embarrassing
Sara Janet it was a team loss it's a
team game that means a team loses also
there's an AI in here so someone can
join in yeah someone can join in so
anyone can join in right now the room
name is prereq and and the password is
one two three four and I think right now
it's still only PlayStation and and PC
right and Eric an Xbox player PC now -
you don't know I don't know damn it I
think my blood you think your blood
pressure skyrockets air chain you gotta
get yourself on these hard monitors C
Block might just have an icon that says
AI oh oh maybe maybe that's funny just
plain too good to be back yeah oh yeah
commenting to C Block is a person with a
very clever thumbnail yes C Block you
approved you bastard
that's great Xbox can play buck in Xbox
play with
s4 right that's the there's that there
still hold out there
there no no okay I don't know what no
means but oh no Jack what Jack trigger
Joyce yes I do plan on watching Luke
Cage when it comes out of Netflix as I I
have liked all of the Marvel Netflix
shows so far so it would only stand to
reason that I would also like Luke Cage
I hope excellent procedure there barrel
roll the the standard barrel roll gold
very very coy of you a very coy way of
you Richard Evans I hope I hope they get
into a little bit of that Hero for Hire
stuff because I know that's kind of what
made him an interesting character in the
first place right now it's kind of
looking like he's just big strong
daredevil you know just protecting his
neighborhood because that's what he
feels is right and this it's fine but I
did like the Hero for Hire gimmick nice
I think that was an interesting angle
yeah you know we got we got a kind of an
interesting angle with Jessica Jones as
kind of like she was coming from the
angle of a victim and you know little
empowerment there from a victim becoming
stronger and I thought that was an
interesting way to take it so I hope
they do something interesting with Luke
Cage but I'll watch it because I like
the Marvel Netflix shows oh wow
Colin we have no thoughts on star
citizen yet and rich would have the
thoughts it'll be great if they come
through with everything they want to do
with it
mm-hmm well see we have another no man's
sky where's
the shit it's not in the game right oh
yeah so about that Kickstarter money oh
you want joint factions by oh well you
really well Chad now says you should try
the beta what happened I did do it you
should try to the beta of neo on ps4 its
Dark Souls like game made by Team Ninja
we tried to do that once but the beta
got pulled before we could get in on it
and now it's you know I'm just gonna
wait till the game comes out we'll
probably like it so well
we are predisposed to like it because we
like the combat system of Dark Souls and
blood-borne is what I will say which I
believe is an accurate statement rich we
are predisposed to like neo because it
is apparently the same combat system of
Dark Souls and blood-borne okay
different makers different makers team
ninja hmm I don't know if I want Team
Ninja to make off from software game
well I want them to make a team ninja
game but you know the guy liked the
blood-borne Dark Souls combat mm-hmm and
it'll be that but with samurais so yeah
I my interest is Peaks but I'll probably
wait till the game comes out because I
in general try to stay away from early
access games to make sure I don't fall
in love with something that gets taken
out or something that's in there ends up
you know making me not want to play it
once it's finished purple space bazooka
says hey guys feeling depressed after
the whole no man's sky swindle felt like
I got suckered after the whole
fraudulent result have some beer soda
money for properly roasting it
thanks and take care and I know like
that's been the comments section of the
review has been great a lot a lot of a
lot of good back and forth my favorite
is all the comments from potheads saying
not even me as a pothead will play this
damn game and I thought that was really
funny because like I said like I said
probably last stream I think me as a
pothead would play the game but a lot of
people have an issue with with my
malicious lie statement yeah
a lie is a lie and and the whole point
of that was I don't believe that I think
there was some little bit of militia
going on like deliver we know this is
gonna be here at this point but we're
bad I'd say a much bad right and you
know that's where there's a video I will
show you when we're done okay I can find
it I forgot what it's called hmm well
they've seen I've seen the one of like
no man's lies it's like a compilation of
all is yeah yeah and then like the stuff
that didn't make him to the game i it's
you know me I'm generally like a pretty
positive positive person and so I'm I'm
thinking of the humanity I'm trying to
believe that was purple space bazooka
I'm trying to think of the people who
made this humanity and I would like to
think that it's just stuff that couldn't
end up in the game it would be great if
they could clarify just this guy you
know says thanks for trying Starbound
I'll have to watch the recording but
yeah it's not a great stream game I just
love that kind of resource collection
bullshit also heads up more snacks
coming Friday excellent excellent
the I can see the appeal of Starbound
and so far it looks exactly like all the
stuff we wanted but in 2d I can't
comment I'm supposed to just by chance
all right
no it's everything about it seemed on
point
so it was very Minecraft II so I could
see like if you had a specific goal it
doesn't matter if they were lying or not
anyway the game still fucking dull well
and that was that was the and I'm glad
that came through you know in our
conversation in editing which is even
the things they tried to achieve I don't
think they did
poke it in sometimes you get it you got
a hold back on that second jump button
just a bit how do you feel about people
criticizing us for calling it repetitive
because other games repetitive what like
Mario repetitive mega man's repetitive
the blast love lo mega how it plays an
awful lot like the first level missing
the point that there's those are fun
repetitive games you're doing the same
things over and over and you don't care
because they're fun things to be doing
sure and doing anything fun no man sky
well you really feel the repetition like
Mario's repetitive because you jump a
lot is that there is that thanks not
where it's just like yes but you're
jumping over different things and the
jumping is continually challenging get
fucked fighting games awfully repetitive
but just beat up people just punch
person that's but it's fun right because
the the challenge is Oh better that's
fine I'll do it all day because it's fun
yeah just block I'm just blocking I know
I where'd that was my fault I whipped
that that was my fault look what happens
here
look I'm perfectly poised and I I was
perfectly poised to block that and I
absolutely missed I hope everyone sees
that and shames me for it no you know
what's like what's really repetitive
it's rocket League look all we're doing
all we're doing is driving and hitting
that ball over and over and over again
right yeah but what's not challenged or
it's not repetitive is the
you got it no no it's it's all a network
timeout look stuff still stuffs
happening on screen and it's not it has
an updated SEO we're still streaming
someone sings oh there we go
Wow hopefully ever hopeful II it
streamed my matrix moment there where I
made the goal and was the hero only to
have it taken away from me there was a
glitch in Jack's matrix and my hero
moment was taken away from me where I
made the goal hopefully everyone saw
that are we still streaming they're
still talking to us
yep yep I've been mentioning whom I was
robbed
I'll get to it yes okay grace is robbed
great anonymous says here is the exact
cost of a 12 pack of Mountain Dew
including Wisconsin sales tax because
you're worth it love a successful pooper
thank you very much thanks for the
Mountain Dew congratulations on the poop
I don't I'm probably just gonna buy the
crab juice though Simpsons reference
wears in New York it's actually the 9/11
episode when he's at the World Trade
Center and there's a little stand and he
needs something to drink and like the
guys at the little food stand says we
only own William Mountain Dew and crab
juice and Homer go see you I'll have the
crab juice that's good yeah Kalash
that's what he was selling color coke
Kalash or something yes
you know now that I'm an adult
yeah I can honestly not tell you the
last time I've had a mountain Dew and
never really like Mountain Dew oh yeah
yeah I like I like to do I did to do
know I did it no I don't know if I was
all up in it but I didn't do and yeah
and I just don't drink soda much anymore
no you weren't the hero well that's fine
attack was the hero but you know what I
was there oh how close was I I just felt
like I was really close and this is
probably gonna tell me I wasn't very
close it up you were close Jack I was so
close
it was hurt to watch don't they little
Duke Oh suppose you know that was a you
know that was a mild aerial a mild
aerial Muriel Muriel see like what the
fuck was that I was going again I was
like oh here's another perfect
opportunity for a mild aerial no no stop
doing it
get another corner I could use some
boost juice right about now same old
Rockettes brother calls Mountain Dew
Panther piss cuz he he thinks it makes
him sound cool he could just think it
tastes like piss because it's Mountain
Dew right that's possible I think we can
have a serious conversation about
Mountain Dew and just all agree that
it's garbage you got it you got it you
got you seem a fuck that up for you they
didn't know there's no way they could
have not Oh totally fuck that up there's
no way they could have known there's no
way they could have known that was
painful to watch Jack I was their house
right there
that someone else was the hero that's
nice your moment was stolen I don't need
to be the hero rich as I'm just I'm on
the team
I can have my hero moments that's great
but if my team wins I still win I don't
want to speak for Jack but we didn't
talk about civil war at least I didn't
have any talker because I didn't really
have anything dad I didn't I didn't
especially love it
there's fine-ish haven't we I mean we've
talked we've probably talked about it on
prereq kamilly or have we not is that
what we didn't have like a big
conversation about a race oh yeah I mean
yeah I got I really don't have anything
to say about it yeah and you know what I
I will have more to say on it after a
second viewing no oh by over time the
more I think about it the more I think I
don't like it I don't even I don't know
I don't know where I was I don't know
what I was doing and I don't I I'm sorry
for everyone involved that you're second
I think so I don't really know I'm not
I'm not really paying attention but I
think you know the thing I think that I
don't know if we talked about this or if
you mentioned this when you were on half
in the bag is that it feels like two
separate movies
if it feels civil war feels like Captain
America the Winter Soldier part two and
Avengers Civil War
yeah and you can clearly cut the two
separate movies I might have said that I
don't even remember at this point
and the more I think about it the more
evident that is I might've liked it more
without the spectacle just making it
Captain America's Winter Soldier - you
know that's what we needed
here's all the heroes they're just gonna
have a goofy fight scene that's just
bumped into the middle of movie because
there has to be there right right it
felt like that needed a buildup like
Avengers gone if like civil war needed a
bigger build then oh rich Evans with the
patients he was right there the fact
that Spiderman was there and ant-man and
that that you know and even fuck is my
fault even iron patriot like the fact
that iron patriot is there the fact that
they were fighting seems like it came
out of nowhere
that was totally on me right like if we
would have had Winter Soldier part two
with a little bit of Iron Man that would
have sown the seeds of dissent right a
little bit of Iron Man in there and then
like that that way and you know we
already have the seeds of dissent from
Tony making Ultron spoiler alert
in in Avengers age of Ultron then we
have this situation where captain fucks
up and now Tony's pissed and then in the
Avengers Civil War we have we have the
whole them blowing up people and the
nation getting upset it and then they we
already have the seeds of distrust sewn
right and that would have made
significantly more sense but because
they're lumping it all in one movie it
feels kind of bloated I am gonna
re-watch it now that I think it's out
blue ran on video on demand now I'm
gonna rent it and re-watch it and just
see if it still feels as bloated as it
was because that's what it felt like to
me just bloated Oh Ariel oh rich that
was a beautiful Ariel nice little little
blooper little blooper
well it's no it's not that cap fucked up
like of course they saved lives by
stopping the bad guy but there were
there were civilian casualties during
the fuck up and like and in the movie I
think that a lot of a lot of their
actions come out of nowhere like we're
Ironman is is very for this and it's not
super clear why he's for it and Captain
America is very against it and he makes
a small case for himself but it's very
light it's very light and it's very
quick yes oh nice nice goalie nice
goalie action whoever that goalie was
tape so like all of their motivation
felt very weak and very rushed it needed
it if it was two movies we could have
gotten a lot Oh No
oh right and then we get to the whole
ending of Civil War and the fight that
takes place because of it and it's just
I don't know again forced forced rushed
bloated all of these things I feel
describe Captain America Civil War but I
had some enjoyable moments
spider-man's great in it spider-man's
great in it some of the fight some of
the actions are really cool there's some
really neat moments I love I love the
whole Scarlet Witch thing I love that
Tony Stark and vision know immediately
how powerful Wanda is and that she needs
to be controlled before she can figure
it out I think that was a really
beautiful like character thing for
Scarlet Witch right is when she starts
to figure out that she's under house
arrest and then it's it's really just
because Iron Man's afraid of her joining
the other team because she is so
powerful I thought like that was a
really great Scarlet Witch moment the
vision in his fucking v-neck sweater
phasing through walls get out of town I
will take a movie of just vision being
like the wacky next-door neighbor in
that fucking v-neck sweater that was
great that was an amazing pass you just
have to keep getting it there rich here
we go
no they're not where where's your team
where's your team where's the team
that's right thrombus the Garlock says
the the fight at the end has more or
less nothing to do with anything that
happened earlier in the film the fight
in the middle and the fight at the end
happened for totally different reasons
is because their scripts came from two
different movies this is what happened
yeah yeah that being said it was still
an enjoyable watch because it had enough
fun moments and that's really why I want
to re-watch it is just to figure out
like overall it wasn't worth it like was
a good enough movie I think it was a
good enough movie yeah yeah I probably
won't rewatch it yeah well you're I know
you're not a big like you're not as big
into the Marvel Cinematic Universe as I
am yeah so in any case where were we
Hansa frolf says being avid gamers do
either of you think you would make a
good creative lead in the production of
a video game not coding just making
decisions regarding gameplay and overall
style oh I don't know probably not I'm
sure you need to be very talented to
make a great game otherwise
excuse me otherwise the world would be
flooded with great games and that crap
vision should show up in a romantic
comedy that would be great
I would love vision to randomly show up
and as long as he's wearing that v-neck
sweater with the with the collared shirt
underneath our first thing of the vision
like that was great
yeah I think I think I would be pretty
good at that I don't have nearly the
contacts or the money to fund it I have
actually pitched a few video game ideas
for commercial products and a couple of
them are right now in funding stages so
I actually have done some of that work
being a creative lead again not the
coding just rough concept in our
direction and directing of games I have
done a little bit of that none of them
have gotten pasts at this point but my
pitches have gone far enough where I
have an interested party actively
looking for funding rich oh my god
so so far like I think I've been pretty
good at it but we'll see we'll see if I
can actually get a game made it's know
that well remember the game I pitched
was for commercial purposes so it is not
weird at all it's it's very standard no
all the games I have ever pitched as far
as games go I have been very standard
and normal let's see here
anonymous says here's the exact cost of
a nine ounce bag of Cheetos
once again including sales tax I'm kind
of drunk right now
love raccoon eyed man with orange skin
and one that you took the time to figure
out and will force constant sales tax
for your bed maybe you didn't maybe it's
completely inaccurate funny Nanuk
however you slice it it's the
the they could have just thrown any
amount in there extra the amount though
guesstimated tax looks appropriate it
looks appropriate what I'm saying is it
doesn't matter if they really did or not
it's still funny yeah it's a good bit
it's good bit um anonymous which would
be better for the world yeah
no no anonymous rich when I was 10 years
old I lived in a house that was by a
well I'm glad you didn't fall in or I'm
sorry you did if you happen to be like
texting us from the well I was kind of a
shy kid says anonymous so I often went
over to it after school to relax I guess
what I'm trying to ask is do you wear
contacts No
my eyes work just fine my hair doesn't
vo calve one we haven't talked about
Suicide Squad because neither of us have
cared enough to see it right I don't
know that I ever will
in all honesty oh yeah yeah oh and you
know I I still love superhero movie so I
will probably see it when it comes to
video on demand I know but that but by
the way that's all you need to know we
don't care I've heard it's terrible
that's all I've heard hi kernel which
mustard
over watches graven over watch is
fantastic I'm sorry that tf2 never
jailed with you I know recently there
was a whole thing
do you watch game theory yeah they did a
thing on on overwatch versus tf2 and I
have not seen it but I know that the tf2
community watch free to play huh so for
watch free to play overwatch is not free
to play ok overwatch is not free to play
but does contain microtransactions but
it is a full $60 game that was actually
a big question to Blizzard when they
were making basically a tf2 clone was
tf2 is not free to play with micro
transact will you follow that train and
they said no no we're making a fucking
full game you're gonna pay for the game
you want to buy extra shit you buy extra
shit and and overwatch is worth every
penny it's fucking beautiful but I still
I still think there's a fine game a
wonderful online only team-based
multiplayer shooter in tf2 under all of
them under all of the extra stuff
oh nice serve our serve
and I'm you know I'm playing overwatch
on the Xbox one now but a whole bunch of
parts sitting on my desk at the moment
mean that very soon I'm going to be with
all of you playing overwatch on and got
a nice PC and that you know that'll be
the first thing I'll bring it in to
prove it work so you know obviously like
we'll build it and we'll make sure it
turns on at the end of the build but
then you know I got a install an
operating system and do a bunch of shit
go with Wynton going with Wynton it's
way too game I'd love to go with Windows
7 but I don't know maybe I'll go with
Windows 7
Ivan I I honestly have not decided I
figured I'd go with Wynton just because
it's the most second it could've been no
no wait where are you I'll do your real
thing I've been thinking about going
with Wynton like how have you been
faring more or less used to it the force
updates are really obnoxious yeah it's
ugly as hell purdue 7 yeah yeah ok yeah
I figured I'd go with it just because
it's the most up-to-date and that's
generally what you go with it'll be
annoying when something comes out and
it's Windows 10 X ok well right on 7 for
some asinine reason right so I'm that's
that's my plan is to go through
understand but after I get all that
stuff installed and you know all of my
other shit installed I will bring the
computer in and I will stream some
overwatch and be able to play with all
of you lovely people who I haven't been
able to play with because I was stupid
and I made a dumb mistake and got an
Xbox one madam says bitch Hedlund how
long did it take you to film murdering
all your sons did you have a favorite
son that's an important question
no last I'm turning 30 and every comb I
use pulls my hair out hmm
is there a special comb that won't do
that no you're just fucking just sold
and fucked every time you take a shower
just look at that hair it's never coming
back
nope there's nothing you can do about it
nope
basically basically you fucked it's over
my friend yeah it's all over jump get
that shit didn't have enough rocket I
didn't have enough Ron double jump you
got a double jump don't forget about the
double jump
I needed a rocket and one jump would
have got mad jack one jump it would have
been fine I was right house right house
that's fine
everything's fine is is broken bullshit
or is it just expensive Rogaine has
mixed results Rogaine does not work for
everyone
okay those it does work with it worked
with very well but it is incredibly
expensive if you didn't do the flip
thing you would have but you would have
budded that out of there I thought they
were gonna if I thought they were gonna
jump up with it you did the flip thing I
thought they were gonna jump up with it
flip you flip out of the way of the ball
it's very polite actually very polite
hey pardon me pardon me mr. poop dick I
see that you are trying to make a go
holy shocked
pardon me mr. poop dick I think the
beard is gonna go by the way do you yeah
then I got to start growing a circle on
yours is it my turn it's your turn it's
your turn for beard well shit
unfortunately I think you kind of just
ly have a monopoly on bald I can't ask
you to give that up
wow I mean if I don't think I'd look
good bald but if I'm growing the beard
you know just grow everything out I'll
be I'll be frank from Steven universe
rich or Jack do you like MMA or UFC I
never know that I've seen much oh like
mixed martial arts and beat the shit out
of them I've heard of the highest levels
it devolves into grappling like on the
ground wrestling and like so got ahold
yeah you know that's not the fantasy of
somebody getting beaten to death that's
not fun well they don't things aren't
fun don't care about beating through
that they just want to win holds holds
aren't fun no they're not I want to see
somebody punch somebody else in the
fucking face need more boost need more
boost like if I wasn't UFC within MMA
I'm not sure how that works
yeah like I've probably seen a couple
fights but yeah I'm not I'm not terribly
into it watched a few boxing matches
yeah yeah yeah like you're in boxing is
not there because the rules are set up
so they keep punching each other in the
face but then they do hug too much in
boxing yeah it's way too much hugging
going on in boxing
then you got a pro wrestling but as we
all know that's faith yeah it's a
performance it was a fait whatever it's
not actually a fight it's entertaining
I'll give it that I'm never denied that
but I can't watch it like a competition
you can watch it like a soap opera
performance art yeah it's a soap opera
where dudes are gone it's about value
it's just it's not a competition I would
never like bet on the outcome of a
Wrestlemania match I'm bringing this
team down I blame myself I blame myself
hey you know what's a great game is
rocket League it's a great game would we
ever do a best of the worst with Hulk
Hogan movies I think it's almost
happened once yeah I think we came close
I think I think that's on the list
actually we've never done a single set
on the list yes so that means it's
guaranteed not to happen right we have
for those who don't know I know I think
we've told this story a bunch yeah but
one day all of us were there Mike Jamie
Josh rich and we we thought we'd be
really proactive and start we we started
writing down a list of possible groups
of three movies that we had already like
not like Oh wouldn't it be fun if we had
these movies movies we already had and
we came up with I mean at least a dozen
yeah at least a dozen groups of three Oh
a dozen groups of three movies that we
could do an episode of and not once have
we ever gone to that list yep I think
this is gone at this one oh this is
definitely gone at this point we we
thought it out we had some funny ideas
there were some there were some good
ideas in there and just it always boils
down to
the shelves look at what we got today
it's a little frustrating sometimes but
it yeah well for me where it's just like
we went to that we've made it up we made
a list we could do the things on the
list only got 22 seconds to get four
more goals five more goals if we want to
win well you need to at least hi yeah
that's not gonna happen
this was just a bogus round maybe we
could just get one more to rub some salt
in their victory but probably not gonna
happen
ten seconds to score yeah yeah it's just
not gonna happen and we all know that
it's not gonna happen
then why bother why not just put the
controller down and sit there Jack
because we could make one for what for
what for for for just for us one for us
what a lousy reason one just just what a
lousy useless reason you know why
because if put the controller down and
save your fucking because if I were
playing the other team and we were
beating them I would still want them to
try and so it's a waste of resources all
video games are a wasted resource what
GPU is Jack going to get in his PC did
you say well the graphics card was gtx
1070 gtx 1070 GPU 16 gigs of ram the the
motherboard oh oh I guess I'm gonna
spectate this one I didn't press the
button in time oh all right that's fine
wacky man whatever me whack e wacky man
it's fine well you know why we'll just
talk
I'll get him next game I don't care
the the motherboard was the tricky part
because it needed to be it needs to be
mini
ATX motherboard to fit in my to fit in
my case but I found a really nice one on
new egg and yep someday I need to get
one of those mini motherboards and just
hollow out an old NES oh she's the best
as a case well don't they have those you
mean like a Raspberry Pi build Raspberry
Pi yeah you're gonna have to explain
what that is you do know a Raspberry Pi
is a Raspberry Pi shit dawg you get in
on it they're their micro they're
basically microcomputers they're not a
full motherboard it's it's a tiny tiny
computer with running on not Linux but a
similar thing to Linux it's an
open-source an open-source operating
system called adrenal I want to say it's
called and people have basically turned
these little raspberry PI's into
emulation machines they they do simple
tasks okay they're they're they're
basically very tiny not so powerful
computers that can do very simple tasks
and they're great can they emulate in
Tendo games yeah and and they'd like you
if you look up like Raspberry Pi
Nintendo emulation there will be a
step-by-step guide on how to build it
how to get the software on it and how to
get all the games on it in a day oh no
Jack am I saying things wrong what am I
saying wrong that's something about its
Linux
oh is it Linux what soured Reno then
well Linux could be it could be a form
of Linux could be a Fighting's got lots
of variations
what's Audra no I don't know I don't
know look up retropie well like approach
or PI at some point but till then her NZ
pines her NZ h rei NZ i okay rich have
you thought about getting a kono
comb-over they're quite popular
with the grannies bite my ass
Anonymous's Audrina is Eva Oh Audrina is
even simpler that's a different okay
well I'm I'm in the ballpark here people
I'm giving rich an ID he's gonna look it
up and figure out all the real
information they're tiny computers that
are really cheap that's what everyone
needs to know anonymous says sorry
that's fine it's fine
anonymous 1969 Kurt Russell in Walt
Disney's wonderful world of color plays
a character called rich Evans 2015 rich
Evans does an impression of Kurt Russell
as Snake Plissken in space cap
coincidence I'm actually familiar with
that oh yeah I saw that on TV once they
called Kurt Russell rich Evans I just
thought that's weird
that is weird that is so weird
and I'd never thought about it again
okay much that's weird
yeah it's very weird Sakas waxes Jack
and Rich yes Jack and Rick actually kind
of I named her what was the last thing
you argued with your significant other
about and why were you still totally
right
back up that's too personal last thing
you two argued about and why were you
still right oh I honestly don't remember
the last thing we argued about mm-hmm I
don't recall in all honesty we've had
arguments oh sure what it does I'm
trying to I'm trying to think like
probably about like the TV volume or
something she's really weird about
volume yeah yeah she wants it down or up
down down she's terrified of disturbing
the neighbors something you can barely
hear it yeah in your own apartment it's
not bugging the neighbors Lisa's like
that too but I like it's my fault
because I am I'm pretty deaf like I am
hard of hearing and I have tinnitus and
so I like to listen to things very very
loud so every once in a while she'll
just come in and like put her hand on my
shoulder and be like you know turn man
really turn to that oh you know cuz I'm
in my own world
I love my wife and she is perfect in
every way except for exactly one she is
perfect in every way except for one and
even this one I can deal with but it's
it's one very tiny thing that
consistently bothers the crap out of me
and we don't really argue about it
because I've given up arguing about it
at this point at the back door we have a
little thing to hang up your keys hang
up your car keys and she never hangs up
her car keys the hook meant for hanging
up the car keys Karen bought something
it's called I think it's called like a
tile yeah it's a thing she what's in her
keyring and she just hits a button on
her cell phone yeah ding ding ding do
whatever it does yeah most smartest
investment she ever made that woman
loses keys at a frequency that is
unbelievable I've seen those tile things
okay and how she loses her keys mmm is
unbelievable one time Karen's keys got
lost yeah you know where I found them
it's literally the last place I looked I
could have looked you know where I found
them in the printer somehow her keys got
inside our printer I don't know how the
fuck you she did that that's amazing
she must have just like walked in and
like blindly through them and it was
like a freak about Oz Mike I will talk
about tonight is dealing with things in
a moment let me just finish up my key so
the thing is you know if I don't ride my
bike here I need to take a car here and
you know we have we have one car and
error we have two cars and one has
children's seats in them and so usually
when one of us is going out without the
children we take the other car this is
my last okay and so if I can even get in
yeah you gotta you gotta be fast
you should be able to because you're
hosting it so you should be able to hit
it first but uh and so then what happens
is if I have to take the non child seat
car I go to the key hook where the keys
are supposed to be and they're not there
because they're oh no you got it but
it's his course oh that's fine that's
Noah that's five down and so the keys
the keys are never on the hook and it's
a very small thing tiles tiles they're
in the house like very they're in the
house they're they're usually just in
her bag so she doesn't lose them no she
doesn't lose the fuck do you care where
she puts her keys because I need the
keys because we share the keys rich and
I need them and so we put them in one
area like I said it's a very small tiny
insignificant little thing and we don't
fight about it but it's just like every
time every time I'm about to leave and
the keys aren't on there I just I just I
look at her and she goes oh yeah you
know your own set we have me we have a
spare set but then you know like the
spare set doesn't have the house keys on
and the garage keys on it and the other
you know the other things I need on it
so and it's really what happens is I'm
about to leave then I come back and I
look at her and then she rifles through
her ten million bags and finds the keys
yeah and it's just a tiny tiny thing a
tiny small tiny thing well anyway
tinnitus I've recently found so tinnitus
is a explained tinnitus tinnitus is a
light constant ringing in your ears it's
not fun you know and it's it's one of
those things that your brain very subtly
adjusts to by basically turning all of
the volume down and so that leads to low
level hearing loss and it leads to a lot
of shit and I was in rock bands for a
long time and was far too cool
for earplugs and went to rock concerts
all the time it was far too cool for
earplugs so my ears have just fucked up
but I found this thing and like I was
probably on reddit or something someone
was talking about tinnitus and they
mentioned a cure for tinnitus a free
cure for tinnitus cure not like
treatment well of recruitment a free
treatment for tinnitus that will
eventually get rid of your tinnitus and
I have been doing it and I have noticed
results it's where you oh my god are you
being paid to shill for some kind of
quack medicine
no no it's free it's free jack smoking
pot and going rock on yes it is a free
thing and so what you do is you put your
fingers on the unlike the base of your
skull you cover it you cover your ears
with your palms this is what they say
this it's probably quackery and it might
be in my brain but I don't care because
it's working even even if it's in your
head it works so you cover your ears
with the palms where you can't you know
everything's muffled and then you wrap
your fingers around the base of your
skull and you snap you go like this and
you snap the back of your skull while
covering your ears like that and it
thumps thumps bus's this is almost
certainly quackery and you do that for
like 30 thumps uh-huh you will notice a
difference immediately
okay okay alternative medicine yeah yeah
he was probably the thing I saw and read
it a few months ago like and I go oh
that's weird that's not gonna work and
so I did it as I covered my ears with my
palms and I went thump thump and you
just do it you do it like 30 times and
then you take your hands off of your
ears and you will notice an immediate
change in the low-level ringing of your
ears
and what the guy said is just do that a
couple times a day and eventually maybe
you only have to do it once a day then
eventually maybe you only have to do it
a couple of you know a couple times a
week and it will lessen in Lesson just
do it a couple times a day every cut
every couple of hours just do it plus it
could be a placebo who knows I don't
know
I'm doing it it's working
get with NC that's the thing like I I I
don't think my brain tells me it's not
quackery because it's free
like if it was quackery they would sell
you a device right that like clacked for
you like no it's true here you put this
device on it's $39.99 you put this
device on your head and it does it so
it's like what if it's causing some kind
of other problem that they'll need to
charge you for well we didn't mention
this that causes blindness slowly he's
he's a yeah we got a blindness medicine
he runs a chiropractic chiropractic
office and like doing that messes up
your upper spine but it's really easy
for a chiropractor to fix so I don't
know like I said it seems to be working
for me I don't know if it's working just
for my general hearing loss because I'm
that's that's just gone I'm sure but I
have noticed an improvement in the low
constant ringing in my ears so that's a
great hit look I didn't move it at all
oh it's two great hits I'm killing it
beefcake you're right like it does sound
like something Don Wilson would try to
show but like I said but he's now you're
not selling anything Don Wilson would
have a scheme there'd be a product right
and if there was any sort of product
involved even a cheap product I would
tell myself that's bullshit nice save
tape oh that was terrible I fucked that
up I could have gone straight towards
the goal
wait oz Mike is saying holy shit jack it
works in all caps with exclamation
points we're helping the world oz Mike
we're helping the world
tell us all if it being if you're being
for realsies here or not yeah I do I'll
do one more hit the button out huh hit
the button now motherfucker yeah I had
it you can keep reading for us before I
start saying I'm just gonna see
one weird trick schemes always have a
product that's true they do and then
this one didn't anonymous do you think
we'll ever have the pleasure of seeing
another especially long stream like the
no death runs they happen they're not
planned so right Kosmic is saying he's
being 100% genuine well they wasn't
those are rich solo runs and those are
terrible that you they like him
oz mike is saying he we have success
with the with the covering your ears and
slapping your finger thing well I'll be
dying you're helping the world I'm
helping the world with a very specific
minor problem oak Bronco I had a very
loud ringing a mayor all last night and
this morning and this has helped turn
don't slash remove it now it will slowly
come back can you do it again right away
and yeah you can you overdo it
I don't I mean what harm could it cause
it could be less effective every time
may hoon I don't know how often to do it
I do it a couple of times a day okay
like I I do it in the morning and then I
do it in the afternoon okay
but I don't know see if you can find
that original reddit post the guy goes
into way more detail I want to remind
people to quit after two games I think
we're just about done this is it this is
the last last run
my name is States's rich it's karen
gonna ruin our thanksgiving day stream i
don't know that i don't know that i
promised another one we'll see we'll see
ruin it Oh Mary oh I did it I saved it
it might not - a wave once we're all
settled in it will get better internet
at our home
oh sure then I wouldn't have to leave
her to come to the studio for
Thanksgiving mm-hmm just stay at home
stay at home stay at home do
Thanksgiving
oh we got internet we got it we're
having internet here it doesn't like you
Jack it looks like you're back now
let's check going on all right I'm in it
no one has scored everything's fine
no one has scored ever oh here oh here
we go
but oh oh jack that would have been an
epic I was there epic I was in the right
place at the right time just you know
missed my shot a bit but that's fine now
oh now uh everything's ruined the real
van says yep here's some money to go
visit a doctor instead of getting your
medical information off of fucking
reddit I've first of all thank you know
I've seen doctors about my ears before
if you like check that out it likes snow
sir some kind of fact-checking kind of
thing have I this yeah this night is
cure you're doing I just did it and it
worked the reason why it works is is a
mystery curious I'm sure uh you know our
doctors are actual doctors saying
placebo or the say yeah it's temporary
thing a little work for long it'll come
back and it'll come back worse it'll
come back worse cuz your body's getting
used to the taps oh Jesus Christ you're
killing yourself slowly I mean this I
would want to consult a doctor I would I
would do this rather than some guy on
the internet who just said a thing once
yeah yeah I mean that would be smart
that would be a smart thing to do rich I
agree
you can cure tinnitus by jamming q-tips
into your fucking ears
oh yeah cuz anyone hear anything
oh wait someone had the link to the
reddit post it really works just pound
those bastards in as far as they can go
then pound some more someone has the
link to the original reddit post where
apparently they explain why it works
Oh Snopes has a thread here you tapping
lightly tapping lightly tap it that way
god boom look at this rich I wanna do it
already
Thank You Nigel pepper cock look at what
is snow up say yeah that's a thread it's
not like an actual oh so oh did you see
that fucking save that was so fucking
clutch that one wasn't because I didn't
Snopes has a user threat about it not an
official article
oh well no uh but yeah see if you can
find that original reddit thread and I
parent so according to someone in the
chat the guy explains why it works I
don't know if you'll understand why it
works you should obviously consult a
doctor before listening to any of our
medical advice because we play video
games stop trying to make clutch happen
jack oh stop trying to make clutch
happened I'm that was clutch then I
failed then I failed rich would you
rather be a Mormon or a Scientologist
and I noticed our our mods don't want me
to start talking about religion yeah Wow
well that's you know what that's good
muds good mods are terrible mods it's
terrible they want they want to stop a
shitstorm before it starts keep me from
saying things they want uh it's terrible
but it's not you you say whatever you
want but then that starts a shitstorm in
the chat they know they know the
shitstorm it starts both patently bogus
but if you had to choose one oh fuck I
mean on it now - I'm in on a
conversation sorry mods we're talking
about religion
just so I wouldn't read it yeah well I'm
hurt now just so you wouldn't worry
there's probably also just yeah it's
fine
just to keep the chat clean boom boom
boom
GG all gee mother mods do a great job
everyone calm everyone calm down
everyone calm the fuck down but can't
your fantasy gods are all valid damn
rich damn rich our mods do a great job
and I was giving them some shit
we have told we have been told by other
people that our chat is a nice chat to
be in our moms do a fine job and we like
our mods the keyboard all right I guess
I can just exit the god oh my god that
would work out also blink this room is
now an emo to only mode our mothers are
great mods they like giving it back to
little shit to you too it's great thanks
much the great you got damn great I wear
my gun here
where's the that is now my god I found
it
why don't we make the screen big and big
and yeah I'm bigger late still not big
enough
oh it doesn't do the out of this thing
all right now look well somebody
somebody wrote a thing all right now is
the time the stream in which we thank
all of the viewers who have subscribed
to us during this stream using the handy
dandy twitch chat watcher to point one
point one much like zero one three two
one three two
welcome thank you for subscribing
Theodore J hooker 24 fucking Munson room
whoo two years who says neither RJ
hooker xeno Trobe 25 fucking months in a
row the Xena trope says I see you shiver
with anticipation saw twenty six fucking
months in a row and ex menses says
patient that took some coordination that
was great
that's hook that took that took a little
back-and-forth that took a little
back-and-forth and I liked it and I
liked it
mokey be 85 26 fucking months in a row
boop doop dick says I'm back here's
hoping you eventually screams 5 we will
do a civilization
boop dick god I'm simple good whatever
works for you blatant is funny sometimes
bill la hecka 26 fucking months in her
own bill akka says 26 months I am still
not sure if I've made the right decision
and
sobbing maybe I'll give it another 60
months thanks Bill
ragged scribe 13 months in a row
Misner 120 fucking months in a row miser
one says this has been the best fucking
I've ever had
thank you so I rank of the ancient VG 64
VG 64 says I don't care about these
worthless moving-picture attractions aah
ooh I think that's like a 1920s finger
then I don't care about these worthless
moving-picture attractions but I would
resume the rest of the fear stage play
it in it gives me more insight into the
active character webs the web web the
web says oh gee PJ's stever's one
Draco's TFM l writer too sick to k6
shibai river 22 fucking months in a row
shy buyer river says love you Evo that
like I just want that to be like an old
blues song by you should I buy you a
lake should I buy you a mountain Oh was
this a mistake
to value rivers shahboz
shall buy you some coal you stick it to
me Oh down the road oh boy blackjack
fifteen months in a row hunchback jack
says if I knew you were going to read
this out I'd have written something
witty just as he's getting really into
my Bob Dylan I had there was a to
digress from reading the subscribers for
a second when I was when I was up north
on vacation we were driving we were
driving to this gun range that was up
there and it's a it's a weird like up
north e gun range and and my dad was
having a little hard time finding it and
so he's like I don't remember exactly
what it's called and it's not on Google
Maps because like it's a weird gun range
and and he say all I remember is like it
was like there was a green sign and then
a dirt road and just in my head that was
a Bob Dylan song be mean to be green Sun
Road you know I thought she was the
princess turned out to be a tow no no
and so for the rest of the vacation and
here's something an argument I had with
my wife because she hated it it was just
like every single hour it was greens on
the road and then some sort of rhyme to
go back behind green sign dirt road so I
was just really impressed with Bob do a
string of
okay welcome to paradise who knew
Tiberius are you okay
Bob Dylan has ruined my voice for a
little bit the the it wasn't a weird the
gun range doesn't have targets that you
can move up in back and forth it's it's
just basically a big field with posts at
different lengths and so when you want
to go change your target you need to
like make sure everyone knows and then
like everyone has to like put their
hands up and step away from their guns
just so that everyone knows that we're
going to change the targets now so we
don't shoot each other it's just a
winnable it's very sensible but it's
also just like aggravating cuz you know
you you want to change your target but
someone else like it just set up a
machine gun or whatever and mmm
I'm very sorry let's get back to
thanking our subscribers like Tiberius
Kirk who has subscribed to us for 12
months in a row Tiberius Kirk says whoa
and it's my birthday weekend happy
birthday Tiberius Kirk thank you for
subscribing last rias the last races
four months and twenty bucks for you
adorable hack frauds love been hurt and
they no man's sky review especially as
always Rich's expression of utter
disdain yes play civilization so we can
watch Gandhi reign nuclear hell fire
upon your miserable Kingdom right
absolutely a clockwork Stalin 22 fucking
months in a row top ramens 18 months in
a row Top Ramen says oh shit
Elvis delvis 25 months fucking Elvis
Elvis 25 fucking months in a row and
elvis elvis says oh my god drug hland
14 months in a row
Oh Kirkland says here's to another
glorious month you fucks and you know
what elbows ohm is that oh my god I
should really read that that's really
that was that was more for you I that's
I started doing a rich Evans impression
and I change it up in the last duels oh
my god oh oh my god that's acceptable is
that acceptable I don't have to read it
that was okay good yeah I can't oh my
god
here's it's a lyric oh my god yeah
you're too much you too much tea did you
read your Clint yes okay great tea
Carlisle for professor physics 21
fucking months in a row hey that's good
evil crash 9 the Rising Sun 21 fucking
months in a row and it's the rising
census don't eat the yellow snow someone
someone asked for a Bob Dylan 911 song
and I thought of one so you have to
change that so like usually it's green
signed dirt road right but it has to be
it has to be dead road signs green jet
fuel can't melt steel beams oh no the
jihad is coming to town
well they won't be flying when they're
around oh okay oh no oh no you guys
please get more lightning fast VCR
repair schertz an extra large size for
my fat ass I want to make an obscure
references in comfort wait what do they
one good eye boom they want a fat shirt
which I send this send us an email to
read letter contact mm-hmm I don't know
what's going on with shirts young yeah
contact at red letter media calm this
inal tendencies says hope you play
rocket League a little bit more dis Idol
tendencies and then shadow elite five
says I have only one word
oh no religion Oh God I was so hoping
your hand would be on the button for
that to be the final word oh well we
have more I was like doing everything I
could to subtly motion but we're on
camera so I can't I can't like point to
you and point to the thing but we had
more we have more tips that was it oh
did you read him let him know so that
would be the last one so you just
basically cut it
