Stealing my Heart (Thief Gold part 1)
October 12, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sfSr3uj_jpg

the problem has been solved who's that
rich who what's going on here jack fix
the problem technically technically you
caused it but you fixed it so it's okay
you son of a bitch or Dorje Costin you
Jiminy Cricket prick bastard we had a
different type of Mike in here with a
better pickup yeah when what there was
the four of us you me Jay and Josh yes
so we needed a fourth Mike it wasn't one
of these condenser mics with the these
these are the nice microphones you have
to get real close they pick up really
well they don't they don't pick up an
outside noises we had the shotgun Mike
running right which I guess wasn't
turned off and that was picking up audio
from the body along with this Mike yeah
making an echo so everything should be
good now I'm the cause of in solution to
all the problems is true enough switch
seats rich do you want to sit here are
you Ed you're our flight huh do you
wanna play I fine I don't care I don't
give a rat's ass I just downloaded it
today okay I'm finally ready to play so
I don't want to play on the stream first
I'm gonna I'm still gonna okay get
observed so which one do you would you
rather have this is fine okay
okay that's fine oh and you forgot to
update the stream name I swear I swear I
did psychos not hold on I swear I did I
remember doing that before we started on
hold on everybody like the thief yeah I
changed the name of stream you know it
should be right I believe you that just
happens sometimes hey everybody I know I
still haven't played it yet rich told me
to play it I'm gonna play it I've had
I've been I've had a busy couple don't
give a shit it's annoying when people
keep telling you to play games you're
not in the mood for as I well know I've
had I've had a busy couple of days
working on incredibly secret project
Hornet mmm
mmm-hmm we've hit some bumps yeah yeah I
don't like bumps no but you know what
we're gonna it's gonna be fine
bumps happen rich bumps are gonna happen
all over Project Hornet and I have a
backup idea well you know what I'm gonna
fix that as soon as as soon as I update
what it's gonna be called let's not we
won't get into it but we've I've had a
busy couple of days and I'm super set
yeah it involves a screwdriver what what
do you want to call the stream whatever
tapping around whatever tapping around
yeah sure as I named it before tapping
tapping around I don't get the reference
hold on everybody updating the stream to
thief's not dark souls so thief to check
in three words look I couldn't do it in
250 likes you think three will do the
trick
he you've already sold it on me I just
need the time I am sold on playing thief
hold on update and updated and then I'm
gonna tweet really quick saying we're
live people like when I tweet here's
here's the question you want to play a
default graphics or do you want to use
the HD mod
oh right now I have the HD mod well no
you go ahead I'll just try not to pay
too much attention the HD mod I might
have to look into that or do I want it
like you know that's up to you this is
up to you okay I think you know what I
think I can get past crummy graphics if
the gameplay is good enough reach how
hard was sprinkler fitting school the
school was a joke the school was
actually a joke any kind of useful
learning was on the job the school was
largely sitting there in a room bored
but you had to be there
and the teachers weren't in the room
furling hours of tires Jones school was
a joke one thing was the welding which
they didn't really show you on the job
but you never needed to know that on the
job either oh yeah you never had the
weld no oh right tweet it out rich we're
ready to go all right we're doing it too
and it next thing I'm gonna do is see if
I can mess with this mouse setting cuz
this is garbage
and then yeah well I think the patch is
broke I know I just think we just need
to like if we change the pads broke the
settings
nope I think the clicks broke
everything's gonna be fine there's got
great clothes got great quotes thanks
it's just like this around this rate
righteousness lest he be struck down and
driven into the earth forthwith and the
land of the heathen consume you and a
fictional source that had sighted from
hey leave the no one just has like a
generic orchestral score you know what I
was not expecting some some hard rock
here yeah yeah
steampunk Batman
oh by the way you know why it's all it's
all crazy for some reasons the driver
for the touchpad wasn't installed I love
you windows 10 windows 10 you're the
greatest
yeah the greatest
feels like home thief yeah that in
trouble that's a little bit better still
son yeah if something might be broken
it's on the fastest it can be and it's
still not making it all the way across
the screen in one swipe but you know
what it's gonna be fine it's gonna be
fine everything's fine
everything sign because I don't care hey
kids how's it going fine everything's
fine
what is today the 9th no I was like the
12th it's the 12th just look taking a
look at our Tippy's taking a look at
tips seeing if we got any I'm going to
restart that especially one who does not
wish to be seen we have a need for those
as gifted as yourself if you've grown
tired
we will show you a different way leave
me alone I caught up with him just
before he vanished into the crowd it was
the beginning of a very long education
gears is a big download I see people
asking about gears what's the download
again 72 gigs you need 80 gigabytes to
download it but I think that itself is
something 73 point absurd that's insane
yeah that's insane
we're gonna do a quickie Gears episode
if it can download in time tradit as
each says this is a test to see whether
you read tips given between streams I
was given yesterday bastard what did my
silence make you think you could escape
muhahahaha also idea Jack and rich Donna
for to co-op fun or tedious to get to
computers Christ's Colin says I've seen
two movies that I suggest all our LM
guys see demon a Polish Jewish horror
movie about a guy who gets married and
possessed that sounds great and the
greasy strangler a John Waters esque
weird ass movie the greasy Stranglers
that sounds like a horrible movie yeah
it sounds greasy
yeah greasy is one of those one of those
greasy is one of those words like moist
that's just kind of like it kind of
makes my butt clench you know like
greasy you serve greasy and moist yep
like I don't have a problem with moist
but I know a lot of people have problems
with moister voice just great or panties
panties it's a weird word don't you
think
hey it's a weird word I think you need
to grow up Jack moist usually you know
and you get older you like the girls I I
like the girls and I like you'll have
two children lesson I had imagined and I
like the idea of undergarments I just
don't like the word panties what would
you call them huh
would you call them underwear garment
ations and underwear coochi cobblers I
can't find my coochie cuddlers honey
everything that was in the watch
bloomers oh I'm okay with bloomers oh no
no I know what I know what you call them
containers Richman's containers that's
exactly what you call them rich clam
cradle errs
glup shot keep practicing if you wish
what are you are ready to proceed
approach the training dummy and ready
your sword
Darren fifty one says hey sorry to
hassle you guys did you get my email
it's called a musical proposal
Darren yes yes I did sorry I have not
replied I will reply to you that was it
was that that was an email I had to read
a couple times it was a very long email
and so uh so weird flickers showing up
in the stream or is that just on this TV
I don't see it on the stream just the
lighting it's getting like light and
dark oh yeah
that's weird under like underoos yeah I
don't see it flicker that must be just a
TV thing
dreamer TK I don't think I got that
email about the 3ds download stuff I
usually and people can attest this I
tried to respond to everything that I
feel asks for response both on our email
and on Twitter sometimes like I said the
past couple days have been pretty busy
so I haven't gotten back to a lot of
emails and and dairying 51 had a rather
long email so that's gonna take a little
bit to get back to but I do my best to
try to to try to respond to everyone
I'll take a look for that dreamer TK
gamer child UK game child UK says five
nights at Freddy's sister location is
the sixth game in a long-running five
nights at Freddy's series rich what did
you think of five nights at Freddy's
sister location I have to imagine that
that's a joke it's probably I have to
imagine I'm not gonna know he wrote meal
mash the the poop detective movie I was
in was a poop detective movie that I
that I wrote and created rich Evans is
also in it it's called poop again P I
you know watching ash vs. Evil Dead I've
not been know I don't know what you said
that little made me think about that oh
yeah
interesting so there's a it's a little
web series that it's up on my youtube
channel it's called poop again P I
starring the wonderful Tim Higgins and
rich Evans and that I think we talked
about that recently that is that is the
short one of one of them in there is the
short in which I have the my huge bushy
beard and long flowing hair
I still embalming but I have a long hair
poop again P I know poop again is one
word that's his last name
he is detective poop again but it's
spelled like poop again it is on YouTube
it is on YouTube I watched the first
episode just to see Jack with a beard
and hair oh yeah I want to say it's like
episode three or four is the one where
you see me with my giant beard and hair
it's terrifying it's terrifying so
recently I was shocking oh yeah that's
that's what I used to look like that's
how rich met me I want to say is with my
giant beard and long hair I saw somebody
just did a of us like they cut down the
react orbs yeah that's part two or they
they've been cutting them together I
like him I'm not a great job I'll tweet
it out tomorrow just guy tweeted us
streaming today so I didn't tweet it out
but I will tweet that out tomorrow yeah
that those are fun the stuff they add up
was right on the nose yep yeah they do a
good job I added it to to our highlights
playlist on our YouTube channel but I
get a kick out of my own performances
like space cop I can I can barely watch
myself on screen it's very hard to watch
yourself and anything I've acted in oh
god it's not because I think space cop
is bad or because everything I've ever
done right just just specifically
watching myself on screen yeah yeah
makes it very uncomfortable
oh good poop dick I'm glad you're
intrigued by Westworld yeah I haven't
seen the second episode yet but that I
really liked that first episode today I
was catching up on some of my CW garbage
shows so they're not garbage they're
fine I kid I kid you feel about the cut
scene art I doesn't look necessarily
good jack-jack confirmed for no soul one
it's what are they they it's like a guy
writing and it looks as like it you know
it doesn't look good I don't know that's
fun that's fun you want to shit on this
game I don't mind I just wanna I might I
just won it's like some classic video
game cutscenes stuff that I'm not
usually a fan of it's it's a ton of you
know it's it's a it's a exposition dump
here's all the things you need to know
here's the backstory here's what we're
gonna do when we go in there and you
know it's just not if I was already
invested in the world then it'd be okay
but I'm not so
crisis baffert like most of his kind
probably keeps his treasures on the top
floor of the places close to his heart
yeah I'm not done the drawings don't
look necessarily good it's you know
turned the game up yeah we'll have to do
that some he was too important its hey
Bert and Ernie what happened to the
other best of the worst that was filmed
around the time the repo Jake episode it
was filmed to have a good weekend
lol grab my pussy no what was there
another best of the worst episode filmed
around the time we filmed the repo Jake
one all right there's one the mic is
working on that's been put off because
Mike was previously working on the force
awakens review right or the the Star
Wars awakens review you get the Star
Wars awakens of use we're working on
that right and this episode of best and
worst got pushed off and Mike is working
on that episode no oh good there you go
oh and people are asking if there's any
way you could turn subtitles on I know
yes I don't I don't there are on this
okay
by the way something about this game
though I'm gonna point this out yeah you
know they handle difficulty huh look at
the objectives
Oh same gameplay just more shit to do
yeah I love that yeah I love that
unconditionally nothing has changed in
the gameplay if you just want to do more
stuff yeah that is great I can be
absolutely down at that some of them
it's it's some clever stuff huh like
you're in the the old abandoned area but
there's a old famous man's grave and it
was used to be a tradition to put a coin
on the grapes carrots gonna go out of
his weight up but a coin on that grave
while he's in the area that's where the
extra things
sorry sure sure
anonymous says Star Wars The Force
awakens is the seventh movie in a
long-running series of documentaries
about lightsabers rich what's your
favorite episode of Gilligan's Island
Oh God killing a sane one that's just
painful to watch isn't it it's the same
fucking shit every episode I mean that's
what they had back then Gilligan's
Island gives me a headache yeah you know
any basically just anything with Mary
Ann in it you put Mary Ann at the front
of that show now I'll watch it as a kid
a few too many to try to get by here
Rollo other I'm not snarking against
this game I'm just kind of hasn't even
touched it I haven't played it yet I'm
generally indifferent towards the game
rich loves it yeah there there are a few
things in games that I don't like an
example of that is large exposition dump
cutscenes in between levels and this has
it that's a gem generally that's the
thing that I don't like in games and so
I'm I'm not gonna I'm gonna try to keep
an open mind about thief though because
we're gonna do we're gonna do a
retrospective episode onyx and that's
gonna be great rich loves this game I
know he loves this game and and so I'm
just trying to remain as neutral as
possible just don't make bears like they
used to
dreamer teak tree mercy cases maybe I
just need to find the right game with
cutscenes that sprout you're probably
right dreamer TK god damn you cutscenes
are all short no rich rich loves this
game and so hopefully we can figure out
like how much nostalgia that plays a
factor in that and I'm curious about
that I'm legitimately curious about that
and as someone who's just never had
anything to do with the series how
someone like me will will find this game
when I have to drop when I get a chance
to play it that's right Bongo doc all
I'm thinking is so uh when do you catch
all the Pokemon honey throw the trigger
does each we we probably won't do
another Jesus Christ shut up already for
a while the next one will probably be
Knights of the Old Republic
just because jit genuinely after the
reaction I don't know if I'd want a
father again well you know what you
played the last one so I'll play the new
of the next one and I do genuinely want
to give that another go that's the old
Knights of the Old Republic I played it
a long time ago I'm an I'm older I'm
wiser I'm more patient now well maybe
not wiser maybe not more patient but you
know I'm older so it's quite possible
but I'll have a different reaction to it
this I mean I know it's a classic for so
many people
it's it's actually pretty dark in here I
don't know if that's a joke about like
the right mood to be playing this Andy
yes oh wait oh when I post when I play
it I play it in the dark of course but
it's actually like it's not too bright
in here we use the LEDs and they're down
so rich is this the one with the HD
textures yeah okay yes it is game child
UK says what is one of your favorite
movies of all time it's hard to pick but
Shawshank Redemption is a film that is
constantly near the top for me it's a
film I've enjoyed more and more over
more viewings Shawshank is great though
jank is great evil then - even the two
typically don't like horror I could I
could watch evil did - over and over and
over again him this might be an
incredibly boring answer but just
because of its importance
oh look at that what is that it's a
spider now just because of its
importance to me clerks
clerks was so important to me Oh for
fuck's sake go hit it with your sword
it'll bite me oh you don't have height
you know that very clerks was the the
movie that made me realize that I could
make videos or make movies you know make
it got me started down what eventually
turned into my career path so clerks is
super super important to me something
like something like wet hot American
summer when I when I made my first short
film we were looking at Evil Dead 2 and
what hot American summer and said like
we can do this we can make movies like
this so those are super important I'm
just trying to think of other movies in
general that I could just watch anytime
there's so many of them you know I'm
gonna go see if there's anything to
drink here yeah I'll be right back
everyone feeling a little parched
where are they I cannot have too much of
glare on the screen I can't not make out
where the other spiders aren't and I
know they will bite my ass the second I
get off of this platform the second I at
least since I'm in here I might as well
pick up something for myself oh that
looks great
super seeker project number two looks
great found a beer into water and most
people can probably guess what super
secret project number two this think
about it for a few minutes nope nope
hi it's me oh okay okay so what's going
on
what mission are you on what's happened
this is Lord beverage matters just steal
his priceless jewel scepter okay cool
what shall we have got into his place by
going in through the basement
nice did you turn the torture uh yes I'm
pretty sure I did great great great just
for the sake of this tree I'm gonna
light up a bit sure just that I can see
what's going on yeah sure sure that
makes sense
bill akka you might be you might be so
who's watching who's watching Supergirl
don't worry on CW now this video is on
CBS got got bumped down some would say
to CW other thing is Superman's in it
now really like Superman just showed up
we shouldn't be surprised because you
know like they're all cousins and stuff
button like he just showed up any
Superman and you know the first big
action sequence that Superman wasn't
involved with that uh it involved
Superman and Supergirl
having to save a bunch of civilians it
was crazy it was like no Superman I've
ever seen save civilians he like you
know he wasn't in danger he did he
blessed him with his heat vision
no he's not like Superman wasn't in
danger at all
but the villain knew that he couldn't
hurt Superman so he sent a bunch of
things after a bunch of different
civilians so they would be scrambling to
save other people and let him go it was
a crazy thing did you bring the drugs no
no just give me a few homes it would
have been funny if you taken a few out
and then just put them in my hand very
tiny window I think they I think tums
would lose a little bit of effectiveness
if you snorted a dumpster in the fridge
you have that one its riches and
salutations hi Karen what's up please
explain why I watch DC shows I like to
flash and I like the flash because it's
fun and all the actors have really good
chemistry and it's some fun superhero
stuff a Supergirl equally fun I don't
watch Gotham and I watch arrow because
it is a sleazy soap opera oh I hate that
I watch arrow it's so bad all the actors
are terrible all of the plot lines are
terrible and it's just cheesy and sleazy
but I watch it anyway because it's like
beautiful people and they're just all
like in love triangles
that's marvel love Jessica Jones
so I watched the CW
did you watch much of Jessica Jones car
what's first few I've been meaning to
get into it I've just lately we've been
watching narcos and oh yeah Kim
unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt got a long
time impossible to rob stoppable you
should be ashamed yeah I am ashamed no
I'm absolutely ashamed to watch arrow
but I still do it I still do it I can't
stop now
can't stop now and the Supergirl like I
stopped watching Supergirl after a
couple episodes just because it got so
dumb but then the flash was gonna be on
a Supergirl life so none of the flesh is
like okay I'll catch up and it was an
adorable episode first couple of seasons
yeah kind of like you know Dawson's
Creek beats super exactly but then like
it got so monster-of-the-week yeah but
oh sure sure when I when I'm fully
shaving right I know I've been so lazy
recently I haven't shaved in so long I
feel terrible I feel like a monster of a
person cuz I haven't shaved
no no Bridget burger I changed my mind
no but I do have a red beard no I'm just
a terribly lazy person and and I haven't
told ya the people are just more
mortified of that looking perfect I go
through where I go through waves you
know some days some like weeks I'm all
on top of it all week and this past like
we can have two weeks I've just been
like fuck everything all I want to do is
play overwatch and I haven't been able
to take a shower you brush your hair
yeah you that's maybe that's it maybe
because the weather is turning a little
bit colder and I haven't adjusted
mentally yeah the sun's been you know I
mean it was out the other day but like
today it was just
50-ish well Draco's that's the the
biggest problem with arrow is the
unnecessary relationship drama do we
have headphone extension cord headphones
be great
maybe the answer is maybe yeah which
needs to hear what's going on that would
that would help ask cable care could you
plug that into the the headphone jack
port we'll see if this works for the
computer let's see if this not the
microphone one that's perfect that's
perfect I can hear now I'm sure I'm not
a toy Oh what do you buy that shirt
Karen I've moved in that one Oh Captain
America's yeah are you guys on camera
we're on camera you're not yeah yeah
they should be able to do sure that's a
bunch of adorable Captain America's I
don't know I don't know do you would you
like to sit over there the forum will
fix it
I'll fix it wait where you want to say
oh yeah
Oh your parents closet right in front of
the TV directly in front of the TV is
the best place you can possibly be
yes your head is the best part of you
I'm shocked you're not waving it from my
eyes all right you can grope me but
don't tickle me why is it when walking
in front of the TV what I'm feeling
we're also set up a broadcast yeah I
thought I bought of a t-shirt that had a
had a guy at a girl that it said good a
guide to girls and it said better and a
guy's like a video game and it said like
best or perfect you can't see him he's
right in front of the TV he's just he's
just standing there he's just he's just
standing there he knows now and he's in
no hurry he's in no hurry
testing 3 2 X 5 did I moon dupois this
is why schizophrenia car thieves tried
to listen up what's going on you got all
these people talking hallucinations
standing right in front of your face
Jack are you hallucinatory I'm having a
shared collective delusion that Jack's
there no I'm fine Oh
that's what's going on I know okay pause
okay all right here dragon
testing testing Knights fight Wow I'm
sorry I'm sorry Richard I was trying I
was trying to get our broadcast working
properly you're not
I was trying shit not even a little bit
but now in the Jack injection I put the
Jack and Jack said hmm hi whom all said
hi to me have I ever taken a yahoo I've
never taken any hallucinogens they want
to know if I've taken any lately
oh no when I was younger I I did I did
all sorts of my misguided youth I tried
a little weed oh yeah just a little weed
that's it yeah misguided that'll be
that'll be a label everywhere Oh under a
decade yeah I'm a pretty sober camper
not even much of a drinker yeah and I
haven't I haven't done anything in in
over a decade I mean it's been it's been
a very long time since I've since I've
even done the the pots the pots the
marijuana I you know the leaves and
berries I used to be a pretty avid pot
smoker pot sticker but that was a long
long time ago
mostly because it made me paranoid if I
had to be out in public oh let's do that
and go to Walmart and it's like let's
not that's why I stopped doing it is I
got so I got paranoid in my house like I
was I had a rented place with some
friends it was like me and five friends
we all lived in a house together and
like I just wouldn't leave my room my
beak
so paranoid yeah that's not good no oh
knowing and then finally like one day I
realized it like I haven't left my room
in a like I go to work you know I'd go
to work I'd come home I'd get high I
stay in my room friends would have other
friends over people would be up I had
the oh yeah yeah like people would be
over and out and people then people
would like come in and you know smoke
with me and leave and it was a really
weird existence I did not like it at all
in hindsight you know like I kind of
fell into that well and then I've
realized what was happening and stopped
smoking
yeah sudden winds the smart thing it's
so right right
and it was weird because like after
after a few days and then weeks of not
smoking I started to come out of my room
a little more and be a little more
personal and it's like wait a minute
this is making my life worse not better
Jack no game audio so what did you give
up the olives the olives or still of
olives the rich why because of your
headphones now I don't believe they can
hear anything the game I think you need
to I think because head over to OBS for
a second we're gonna we're gonna fix
this everything in moderation I know
everything in moderation no I didn't
tell anybody else what to do or not do
oh yeah you live your life yeah
obviously if it's making if it's making
your life worse then it's something you
want to cut out well yeah I think it's
hard to like figure out what is making
your life worse or you know just
figuring that out desktop audio switch
it to headphones there you go
all right now you should be oh wait but
it's all the way turned out
they want to know what kind of bagels
you like is that some kind of cryptic
messenger I mean I mean we're actually
talking about regular bagels let's
assume we're talking about regular
bagels with no chemical reasons - odd
bagels or something I happen to really
like those cheese ones that they have
over it
yeah it's like the asiago cheese bagels
they don't even need any cream cheese
that are excellent and I'm sure they're
like 600 calories a peas or something my
waistline anyway getting for half of
them at 600 calories no the my carbs and
cheese yeah it's great
hey it's great oh right where did I
leave off on tips
doot-doot-doot to do half math half CAF
rich what fuck marry kill
Kirk Picard Sisko fuck any of them I'm
gonna marry him either I'm not gay Oh
Cisco Deep Space nine okay rich what are
you getting a Raspberry Pi not just yet
no all right might be need to play
around with someday but I have no
immediate plans okay I like the one
they've got like Raspberry Pi and
somebody's got it like you can buy them
like preloaded with all these old retro
games and they they they 3d print like a
little baby Nintendo housing and it's
like it's like do I need one no I play
all of that on the computer but by golly
I
oh yeah I do not use a straight razor
when I shave as I fear straight razors
are given I've I've used a straight
razor before in school yeah or and if
someone actually just gifted us I
assumed me specifically a very nice
old-school straight razor set it's a
handle and you put an actual razor blade
in there and you're supposed to shave
with it and I've done it once and it
freaks me the fuck out because those
things can kill you yeah no that was
before I shaved my head but I shaved my
face with a straight razor and I cut
myself so much there's no safety on it
it's just a blade you know oh yeah I
can't really comment because I didn't
have a whole lot of experience shaving
my face well but could you imagine what
all your likes imagine instead of
shaving your legs with a razor is you
take like a blade you know just a normal
blade and try to you know scrape it
against your skin have a tendency to
butcher my legs right so stitches it
does give you an incredibly smooth shave
though but I know I actually I have a
one of those razors or subscriptions the
Dollar Shave Club I do Harry's no it's
har ry apostrophe s just like like the
name Harry's and so every couple of
months I get new razors and shaving
cream and aftershave lotion just because
I go through them you know I go through
them so much since since it's my sins
it's leg just and armpits and stuff and
yeah I'm not as worried about the
aesthetics or the close shave or
something I usually just get whatever
whatever the cheapest razor I could find
which is usually like that the big bag
of yellow men's razors cuz they charge
like a premium for buying them in pink
plastic right oh well that pink dye man
that cost extra yeah
I don't care yep double-bladed get it
done yeah well you know for for me like
especially when I know I'm gonna be on
camera it's like yeah it's gotta be
clean gotta be smooth so I go I go a
little bit extra hairy seems nice
hey it work it works yeah and and it's
convenient they just come to my door
which is great which is great
jack rich any plans to do another movie
commentary all are pure gold but the
last one was pure awesomeness wait that
time to ask a question okay if you're
talking about rlm commentary tracks
which I assume you are I know nothing
about that I know Jay and Mike liked
doing them so I can only assume the
answer is going to be yes women have to
shave their legs but women you know
especially in the wintertime if you
don't feel like you just don't bother it
would man you could tell if you're
working over best if you're wearing
pants it doesn't matter if a lady shaves
yeah so so I mean we've got a better in
that respect I will totally admit you
know we could slack off all we want to
we're gonna wear shorts and at the time
that right shouldn't the fuzz
you just have to shave you know an inch
above the short line
I do I make my head smooth like a baby's
bottom and then and then I've been what
I've been trying recently is powdering
it before a shoot because it's very
reflective your scalp oils yeah skin
they're so because I like to shave the
morning of it you don't wax it or
anything
I don't wax it Apple it's shiny like an
animal so then I'll put a little a
little powder on it just to keep the
lens flares off of it like who destro
destro the guy I don't know destro he's
one of the generals from GI Joey he had
a silver metal head oh no no just just
picture a guy whose head is made out of
like like mercury oh cool that kind of
reflectiveness oh yeah
have any good scary stories do you owe
stories like donuts at 3 in the morning
tell that story if you want I can even
remember we were like 20 yeah rich and I
and we were there with us with our
friend I will call her Velma what the
heck although certainly not embarrass me
Daphne a little laugh nice yeah yeah
she's more of a Daphne there with Daphne
and and the people there Natalie didn't
speak English but I think they wanted to
fuck with us because whenever you order
you get like kind of strawberry frosted
chocolate donut chocolate donut and and
we were there with these two guys who
said they had just finished playing
volleyball and they were wrong because
they were asking us for cigarettes and a
ride home and and then at one point they
got they got mad at the people working
there because they wouldn't give them
butter look and they said we have to
jump on the table and scream Allah Akbar
and I thought that they were gonna get
into some kind of religious fight with
these guys I was the strangest scene
ever it's like this dingy little old
Duncan one of the old Dunkin Donuts with
just like the counter and nothing else
you know like yeah like the old cops
come here and nobody else at 2:00 in the
morning kind of Dunkin donut before they
tore that one down and built another one
across the street with a Baskin Robbins
in it just totally different stick
before before they were a coffee shop
yeah well but definitely were like an
old just a donut shop it's a donut shop
yeah before they were coffee and ice
cream they still don't get your order
right but now they have more stuff to
get wrong used to be like you know you
just had like a little pile of donuts
you just kind of point it at one maybe
like that that one yeah yeah who knows
no not that one more let's see here
anonymous says I have you up in my TV on
my living room while I'm cooking dinner
rich your body is taking up 25 cubic
inches of screen real estate oh my god
do you and Jack think you'll be best
friends forever absolutely my best
friends now I've been reading what today
I was like I was like what's the word
Ford mainlining or gorging on or
something Lamine lion lumberjanes
it's a comic book yeah but I don't you
know of other people I've read it I've
read it because it's free for if you
have a comixology subscription
lumberjanes is great yeah yeah it's fine
but like boom or boom box or whatever is
the imprint yeah yeah yeah and it's just
about these girls who are at the summer
camp except like all the supernatural
crap has happened in continuously and
you know I just haven't had too much
time to mess with it lately and I was
like oh wait a minute you know like four
months went by and I have like four like
I wait until I'm cheap so I wait like
they come out of 399 another cold months
later they drop down to $1.99 yeah so I
like I'm like oh look like there's like
three months worth here that have
dropped down to $1.99 so I like clicked
on them when I was like ya know it's
like friendship to the max is the slogan
thanks friendship to the max yeah yeah
let's see your game x UK current shows
that I'm really into our Game of Thrones
Walking Dead once upon a time blacklist
in a house of cards countless all suck
for the new season of x-files and Twin
Peaks I used to care about Walking Dead
I used to watch Walking Dead and I'll be
really honest with you I do I know the
new season is starting
what does what six or something maybe
even seven I don't I don't know
and I did I don't care I can't care
about it anymore it's we've gone we've
gone too many seasons where the gang is
going to face their biggest threat yes
and it's like I can't have any more
tension with you people just died
already
I want the whole group to die and that's
to be the end of the story because I
can't deal with another season of the
gang thought they had it made but then
they met a bigger threat I saw the first
three seasons and honestly I think one
of the reasons why I stopped watching it
you know call me a pussy is that I I
kept having bad dreams about like all my
relatives and friends like getting
zombie illness and it was also a
terrible yeah I mean it wasn't like oh
they're gonna get me it was like oh no
we're just dying sounds like mad oh no
in orem I'm not gonna spoil anything I
won't spoil it we won't do any Walking
Dead spoilers right did I get infected
like heroically doing something brave or
just like foolish or were you're not
paying attention in this I'm right right
we were just can't figure something I
don't I don't remember it was one of
those scenes in the zombie movies where
people think that they're safe finally
oh we're finally safe yeah
it was more like early in the outbreak
when people have just no clue they yeah
the only thing to note about Walking
Dead is you have to power through season
two season two sucks it's the worst
season three was picking up but season
like four and five and even six are
really decent and then it's it started
to drop down again probably pick it up
at some point the gang has to face their
biggest threat yet again it's yeah and I
know everyone is super stoked about
negan or whatever cuz apparently he's in
the he's big in the comic books or
something but I just I have no empathy
for these characters I don't care about
them anymore yeah they all kind of
turned into jerks well and that's fine
and but we need a resolution it's gone
on too long
so what else I don't really care about
games the throne never seen once about a
time or blacklist and I saw the first
half of the first season of house of
cards and I thought it was really good
and then I just didn't care because it's
just PI it's about politics and it's not
about a that's the Kevin Spacey Netflix
show where he's a politician house of
cards and it's really good but I don't
care about the subject matter so there's
like a game child UK anonymous Hey nope
not reading that one
Coppola cooks Jack when you have time
could you check out the new overwatch
Halloween updates yes I fucking love the
new overwatch Halloween update I
actually I got I got some new some
Halloween II stuff loot crate's the new
brawl is so much fun it's it's it's very
close though to the Team Fortress 2 man
versus machine update which is a little
one it's one of those things where it's
like overwatch is very much like tf2 but
it's fun it's a instead of player versus
player match it's four players dealing
with waves of robots almost like a tower
defense game almost like Orcs Must Die
but you don't get to like traps Mama's
family
Mama's family we talkin Mama's family
chat what like on the family yeah sure
tower yeah it's a little tower defense
II where waves of robots come and you
you you get four characters to choose
from you can be on a soldier Hanzo and
Hanzo Han Solo Hanzo and who's the
fourth character you get to be on a
soldier 76 Hanzo and Mark Ricky Martin
who's the fourth one
Chad McCree thank you and McCree and you
have to take out waves of robots and
it's professor dr. Duncan Stein's
revenge and dr. Duncan Stein sends
monsters after you it's cute it's really
cute if you're into overwatch and I've
been having a lot of fun playing that
and the new map they they took one of
their maps and just gave it a Halloween
overlay so there's like cobwebs and
gravestones everything it's adorable
it's all adorable one if you like the
game it's a free update and you get some
extra content some extra stuff so anyway
I will try not to talk about overwatch I
mean you paid once and they give you
extra stuff it's greater than just like
giving you two thirds of the game and
they're charging you two percent
increments it's so weird you just pay
for once and then they keep giving you
more and more stuff Wow
so weird what an interesting I am I am
here I'm like this close to buying some
crates though like I know I don't need
to buy any but some of the outfits are
so cool oh they like in-game loot
crate's
you know the crate for the random chance
to Columbia I'll buy the thing I like
that bullshit is obnoxious it is and but
I think actually for this one you can
just buy the thing you like but I just
blind
a lot of it is blind bag is is you buy
the box that gives you a random chance
but I'm this close to buying some just
because some of the I really want Ana's
Halloween outfit it looks so awesome I'm
not completely against DLC but but I
think it can be abused oh absolutely
yeah if you're going to pay for is
you're going to pay for a game and I
realize that you know some games are
giving you for free or you don't have
the option to pay for them and they're
giving you for free and you got to pay
for but you know I mean I don't have
anything gets downloadable content but I
think that you should have a game that's
enjoyable and playable yeah without it
it should be optional and RIKEN tbh the
game overwatch is not overpriced it's a
it's a $60 game where you can get and it
has infinite replayable hours it's it's
a triple-a title it looks great it plays
great and they're constantly updating it
for balance issues and adding new
characters and adding new things to it
well worth $60 a game like that III have
no III would be eager to pick up a
couple extra things here and there
sure I support them for you know their
continued work on Orion and updates and
making the game better no like right now
I'm I think I'm up to like 70 hours and
overwatch and it's like if I'm gonna
give them an extra $5 for 70 hours I'm
okay with that yeah right absolutely
do I like country music that's a very
broad question
well not all country music is created
equally yes yes I mean I like me some
John Prine it's Johnny Cash and some of
that 70s outlaw country and a lot of
Americana and and in some of the some of
the more recent bluegrass stuff I'm not
real big on what they play on and most
of the mainstream country music stations
please activate my detective vision this
game does not have that crap yeah makes
everything glow and you can see through
walls in the Batman games you get to
take
vision and you get x-ray visions you can
see through walls you can see through
walls
you understand you want to feel like a
sneaky badass without trying for at all
almost definitely John Prine for sure
Gillian Welch everyone loves dealing
well even people who don't like country
like Gillian well they just don't know
it yet oh
every Gillian Welch I you would probably
know her she wrote most of the music for
oh brother where art thou all who then
the Coen brothers yeah the Coen brothers
movie o brother where our you haven't
seen it her and not Alison Krauss oh
it's good to Gillian Welch if you wanna
if you want to fall in love of Gillian
Welch look up everything is free now oh
I love that song let's talk about like
mp3 download basically yeah it's it's
this beautiful ballad about how artists
don't get paid and don't necessarily
care about getting paid and it's it's
great everything's kind of just a wine
well it's like it's kind of a wine I
don't know
everything is pretty now that's what
they say what's the one about the pickup
truck it's not a country song who
doesn't have a pickup truck robotruck oh
that's um that's um you never even call
me by my name or whatever I can't think
of who does if that's the one where he
says that you've heard that Jack where
he says I told my friend I thought I'd
written the perfect country in Western
song and he wrote back that I hadn't
because I said nothing about mama or
trains or trucks or prison so then he
writes back he writes the another verse
I which goes I was drunk the day my mom
got out of prison and I went to pick her
up in the rain but before I could get to
the station in my pickup truck she got
run over by a damned old train nice no I
have no idea what that is
that's probably
David Allan Coe maybe a little Alabama
sometimes I mean they're they're pretty
um polished but they worked
I even like a little John Denver I have
fond memories singing Rocky Mountain
High when I was about four you know one
he's nerdy as hell that's that's like
not cool at all to be into John Denver
well I also come on a jet plane almost
and I like that song country country
roads oh and um if you've never heard it
there's some who is it I think it was
Desmond this is Desmond Dekker somebody
did a real nice reggae cover of country
roads
West Jamaica it's it's great almost
level West Virginia oh yeah yeah they
were you know they're they're uh you
know about mountaintop leveling and coal
extraction like they decided somewhere
along the lines that instead of mining
the coal by just going you know kind of
laterally that they would just blow all
the mountain that was on top of the coal
and then pull the coal off and dump the
mountain into the valley next to it
which you know kind of does ugly things
to the mountains yeah and nasty things
to the rivers so there was a big article
about that that had the yeah I had the
line almost leveled West Virginia
instead of Almost Heaven West Virginia
like like John Denver richer that's one
of my favorite songs I'll country Rose I
love that song Rankine quick quick
correction blizzard blizzard does not
balance for both version the others
console versions of overwatch and and
there's the PC version of overwatch they
balance them separately they do not they
do not do across-the-board balances yeah
some balances affect both but they also
balance specifically for
concepts and 4-pc sorry wrong rose rose
out of the dowser whatever that I can
read them yeah pretty good pretty good
you did all the things I got I got
spotted once so you ever flashbang knock
them off you ever been on like the brute
Blue Ridge Parkway maybe it's a good
thing maybe the world or something I
don't know what it is but as you can
drive up and down the mountain cool
long-standing economic
gotta see the cooler
West Virginia
what strife in traverse says every time
I play origami on stream I imagine what
you two might say about it
last week I tipped the exact amount
needed to purchase the game just FYI
lol shmoop my blooper no no the stealth
when we're looking at which has cover
art which looks like rest about a hammer
but it's a stuff I've ever it wants to
play we will play that well play a scoop
of mine so hopefully they'll never get a
side of me when I break him out of their
prison was about summer falls what I'm
going to do they're holding Cuddy in a
mining complex carved out of why are you
wrapping up right now worries about them
right now that said how likely are you
to recommend Windows 10 to a friend or
calorie well now very little I don't
want you popping up on doing shit and
associative get out of here a good
always stays out of way I'm not thinking
about you you're a good OS OS doesn't
tell me how to use it yes you know what
has never once popped up on my on my
Apple OS hey how we doing do you like if
you like what's going on here told you
tell a friend about it it's like now we
got to find where they got kids why were
they here the setting I want to change
now you need to be an administrator now
you need to be a super-secret administer
for the best friend job you know what I
mean God I mean I you know I got used to
using computers with Windows 95 and 98
when you could just be a dict around in
the menus long enough you had access to
damn near everything well it's like
they're trying to make a streamlined
experience like for 90% of our users
they're not gonna need any of this let's
make sure it doesn't get let's make sure
they can't mess with something they
don't understand what you want to reach
if you want a real OS have a real OS if
you want to idiot-proof
have chrome I love my Chromebook
it's Epson free it's very free but it's
limited grain right and that's I don't
want Windows to be like that if I'm
gonna have a real OS I'm willing to take
responsibility for occasional investing
thing up things up but I want you know
the customizability and the power of a
real OS mm-hmm
that's I think it's fair if I want
something you know that my mom can't
destroy you know we'll set her up with a
Chromebook or Android oh you know what
sorry anonymous I can't read this tip in
good conscious efferent says thanks for
streaming thief also does the TV
Supergirl frolic with bunnies and stuff
her bra while taking a break from saving
the world God that movie was awkward
no TV Supergirl is fun well at least she
can be fun this season now that now that
she's on the CW Superman is there
there's some love triangle ease stuff
Superman that was Superman with Jimmy
Olsen actually he stuffier Brahmaji
meals she well she she could stuff
follow Jimmy Olsen she's super she wants
she wants to or maybe she doesn't or
maybe does not be able to stop her Jimmy
Olsen is all about the Supergirl here's
a question
yeah can you squeeze super girl's boobs
or they or they just be like just iron
well you know some there's some
substance affair questions that are
malleable and ductile but still strong I
would I would assume I mean Supergirl is
able to move her body and so like super
muscles she has super muscles like like
carbon nano fiber boobs or something you
know well you have to you have to assume
that all of her cells are just super
strong but they're still cells and so
there's still a collection of fat
globules in there right there just
really a biology item she has cells
maybe her brain is inside of her boobs
and her and her pancreas is in her left
knee you say girl yeah look her in the
eye she says hey down here so we just
were her eyes are
when Jimmy Olsen starts that's the sexy
time Supergirl gets real dumb nurses her
baby she holds it up to worry oh my god
that would be crazy
Supergirl you know Supergirl has a
sturdy outfit so I can neither confirm
nor deny I say just hold the mirror up
to his laser eyes that's exactly how he
does it
that's exactly how but her outfit and in
the show super girls outfit is very
sturdy so I can neither confirm nor deny
whether or not her boobs jiggle Oh what
are these you're the same but instead of
this convoluted like mirror reflection
shaving yeah a Kryptonians over beards
they go done yeah but then that limits
that limits your character making you
know like then you can't have any
Kryptonians with beards and Zod had a
beard so all right you guys heard that
right away I think that's the more
important question Superman's shaving
with a beard you can kind of see that
with a mirror and his laser eyes huh
Supergirl shave her legs and armpits
that's significantly Ares of mirrors
significantly more complicated maybe she
goes on a churro
and you know what if she's finally ready
to go all the way with Jimmy Olsen how
does she shave other things
if she wants to really take care maybe
she waxes you know we don't know exactly
how firmly embedded in the skin these
pairs are there there can't be I mean
she would have to cement like you know
you put lay down a layer of cement and
pull the cement off wax wouldn't be able
to pull anything out of her skin like
that wait what if what if it's like a
kryptonite wax or a kryptonite razor
just to like trace levels of kryptonite
to weaken the hair enough she's you know
Supergirl in TV show works with respect
nurse because we have these cameras I
gave up looking further the respective
people who couldn't appreciate my good
answer good answer and the correct
answer I'm projecting my misogynistic
views understand no I'm saying super I'm
saying what if Supergirl wants to wants
to do some grooming before before you
know getting a man down there that's her
it's her choice whether or not she
grooms what if she wants to have sex
without accidentally ripping Jimmy
Olsen's dick off
we they're super powered they're not
like the Hulk they have control over
their own body well I don't yeah I mean
don't people you know I mean there's
some involuntary action going on when
you rock the Petite Mort
let's eat what the little donut your
face look at lemma T to look at eat more
quietly need to speak up more you know I
think I think that's a risk that Jimmy
Olsen is is willing to take I think
that's a risk that any man is willing to
take because he is a stupid stupid man
nope because then you have that one
story that will best everyone else's
story sure
I'm dickless now but let me tell you
about this one time I
had sex with goddamn Supergirl do you
had sex with Supergirl
oh yeah Karen you that one is uh you
have really have to wrench that tight
that there you go rent grab it and
twisted by snoops new you're absolutely
right well there'd somebody did like an
extended version of like like why Lois
Lane Superman could never man of steel
one of Kleenex yeah I mean among other
things they were saying that his super
sperm would supersonically zip through
her insides and give her peritonitis oh
you know what that's a classic Mallrats
bit is Superman's load would go through
Lois is back like a shotgun buck you
know a buckshot I've heard it go further
than that if each of his sperm could fly
like he does yeah
they'd be like millions of heat-seeking
missiles that would all go to the
nearest egg they could find you would
have all these sperm burrowing into
women all across the country
ejaculation I didn't even think about
that
yeah that's terrifying yeah maybe I'll
just fly off no realization but they
would just fly off in search of heat
sources they wouldn't necessarily be
able to get in anywhere and of course
sperm are incredibly weak to begin with
so Superman sperm are incredibly strong
to begin with well no no but I mean like
they're not especially smart they're not
smart and you have to assume because our
sperm are significantly weaker than us
his sperm has to be significantly weaker
than him they would probably make it far
enough to be gross for everyone where
it's like you know those like in CSI
shows they use black lights to find
sperm they'd be finding that everywhere
across metropolis and just go fucking
Superman ruined crime scene
investigations I mean you know that that
you know that that sees like a big spot
receiving you know one
Spyro States plays depends how
frustrated he's been that year you don't
know how much you know like that joke
wife's and a sec so big she only comes
once a year
boss terrifying half Matt oh sorry I
just just air bubbles burps very sorry
half Matt half cat sorry I pronounced
your name incorrectly before let's see
here and I know it says if you could
pick any aesthetic for a new Dark Souls
style game what would you pick for
example cowboy Dark Souls
I think we've discussed already that
Dark Souls really would only really work
with melee weapons
yeah well horn-head mostly melee you
need mostly melee what if you could
train Superman's I think that cancer so
wow I tried to get the train off for a
good friend no no I like this train of
thought you teach a sperm to seek out
cancer yeah
wait and what does that do that cures
cancer I'm gonna go in and all these
little spirits show the cancer cell
ruptures the cancer cell each little
sperm then go and get one and go get the
next one so if you have cancer you just
have to suck Superman off you know what
would be worth it I mean assuming it's
sobriety snow snow would be very
uncomfortable with this
you can't need to help but he would put
up with strangers with cancers but you
can he couldn't do that because that
would be all day for him yeah there's so
much cancer it would be horrible but
then he's not many individual can't I
mean it's not necessarily one sperm for
cancer cell I mean maybe each sperm
could take out hundreds of cancer cells
thousands millions yeah but you can't
like there's no way to reprogram single
cell organisms without getting into the
single-cell organisms which we can't do
because it's Superman sperm right
because it's super strong this this this
plan fails our own soo
man and make a version of him without a
brain now we're already talking about
your expert now we're already talking to
Pizarro level no this is this is broken
right from the get-go
Superman's sperm curing cancer is broken
and while he's busy getting his dick
sucked by cancer patients he's not
rescuing the airplane full of 300 people
so these the 12 people that he can save
from cancer live and the 200 people need
help back in Metropolis every other
chicken here that's not realistic that's
not realistic why doesn't everybody flee
nobody very they're they're uh they're
super villains that he's off solving
galactic problems he's got bigger fish
to fry than the 12 cancer patients that
can suck him off in a day he's like
sixty-nining some grandma while rescuing
uh which is what I'm going to do Jebus
age you can't you can't strangers yes
and have converted part of the complex
into a penitentiary for the yeah I like
the idea you know just him like holding
onto someone's waist while they're you
know down down there and I also like
lifting up bank-robbers over here joy
did you not look this is embarrassing
enough
I'm saving which her from cancer that
you're welcome
put down the bank robber these lower
mind lung cancer cancer I'm not enjoying
this okay so he's gonna have one person
blowing him while he's flying to stop
the robbers yeah the other hand is like
holding pornography in front of his face
which is look I'm looking at pornography
with one eye while his x-ray vision is
also flicking through the pornography at
the criminal is gonna stop careful he
didn't set the Parag Rafi on the fire
with that laser right and what kind of
pornography would Superman be into like
the space women oh I know I mean he's
into Lois so he's just in a regular
ladies ladies straight-up well and I
suppose in the new ones he's he's
together with the Wonder Woman and so
he's just like hey honey we have to save
some more people today send me some pics
and Wonder Woman is like this is this
can't be worth it
Wonder Woman Lois that's bizarre what it
makes significantly more sense Superman
or does it make him less relatable I
mean I think there he's like both of
them are generally unrelatable but it
makes it would make logical less
relatable neither less nor more related
yeah it's more it makes more sense than
Lois Lane if he's working with Wonder
Woman every day like you're fucking you
go with wondering at what point does the
super that the Clark Kent persona have
no point at what point right right yeah
that's the thing that's the thing I
guess you kind of have to I don't know
if anybody balances too evenly to either
concentrate more on the you know Clark
Kent II kind of end of things or the
Superman II kind of thing
you know I have one where you make it
just a small part of the story verses by
the way in in the tiny little bit we get
of the Superman in the new Supergirl
series he is also he's more Clark Kents
in the five minutes he's Clark Kent in
the Supergirl series then he is in all
of both Superman movie I wanna I wanna I
want to let everyone know that that's
really good that I enjoy ya know he he's
kind in Supergirl
Superman is kind he's like excited to
meet people like he shakes people's
hands he's like Superman he's like good
guy Superman he's also a farm boy he's
an Iowa farm boy and he's also like a
Kansas farm boy yeah but he's also a
reporter and so he's in Supergirl City
and he does a little reporting and he
talks to people and he's like tries to
get the dirt and though I'm gonna write
a story on this and he's like he's crazy
because this is what Superman is and
maybe that's why I liked the episode so
much is because I get to see a fucking
Superman who wants to help people and is
a nice guy yeah he like walks into a
room full of soldiers and hawks he's
like hey how's it going good job thanks
for fighting alongside of knowing is
half the battle
see I I'm Superman exactly
is that their way and say a few
synthetic I really like rejecting the
flesh I think they had a meeting yeah I
think they had a meeting and they said
what why don't we just do our own
fucking Superman if they're not gonna
let us join their well and they're like
what can we do to make it the Superman
everyone loves just to make sure that
we're different than the movies yeah
oh we just go back to what Superman's
supposed to be okay we can do that
that's a relatable Superman that's the
one I like oh you're right too super
you're right that's too much nuki does
Superman in Supergirl bleed does he
believe in the trailer for for Batman vs
Superman dawn of Justice Batman goes
until you bleed well that's a Batman
says to Superman because it's so dark
yep a lot of people like the darks
Batman and everybody will probably hate
me if I say I like the 66 Batman the bad
about 66 comics the lighter campaign
Batman did you see the miniseries that
they're doing they're doing a team-up of
Batman 66 and Wonder Woman 77 yes is
gonna be Adam West's Batman and Linda
Hamilton Wonder Woman teaming up and it
looks great it's gonna be like a
six-issue miniseries and it's gonna be
fucking fantastic they should also do
like DC bomb show that's that it's like
the DC women but they're like drawn like
forties pinup girls
let's look it up probably on comiXology
unlimited oh okay that sounds great what
did I say did I say Linda I said Linda
Hamilton which is a very different
actress Lynda Carter Wonder Woman is the
correct one sorry sorry everyone Barry
I know they work hard I probably
remember their name and a terrible
person for not is Linda at is Linda
Hamilton a terminator yes
she's definitely turning she's the she's
the lady and terminator in Terminator 2
and she would make a very different
Wonder Woman than Linda Carter work
though that'd be Hamilton Hamilton is
basically what I guess what the new
Wonder Woman is is trying to be a woman
Mark Hamill Wonder Woman would be
something very very different wonderful
without ice I hate I got close I got
Linda all right I got Linda and she's an
actress you can't I you that's that
doesn't count as a jack is just wrong
jack is just kind of not right he's been
more not right I've been more not right
other times
okay he's not right for that he's not a
little bit of both oh by the way like I
think the question that started this
whole thing was about Dark Souls games
and other worlds we would like to see
Dark Souls games and I'm really
interested in that samurai that neo
which I know is not out yet but
samurai Dark Souls could be a lot of fun
so just in general let's see here old
hand sauces hey t-rex just want to say
