Down with the XCOM (Part 3)
February 3, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7iDh1gjOcqc

how am i doing at this pretty good
late game I lost Germany because of
glitch and here's my here's my memorial
wall only one yep late game late game
only one fucking fucking thin man mother
fucking thin man want one shot by a thin
man gahafer jack has a challenge for me
he would like an accent to the gay Jack
challenge the gay Jack challenge he
would like an impersonation mashup of
Christopher Walken and Michael Caine and
I don't want your response to know if I
can do that but I'm like you know I have
to you know Michael Caine is easy I
always got my cocaine in me what what do
we do when we folk we kick up that's
that way it's a terrible Michael Caine
impression Christopher Walken kind of
talks a little like this it's not great
it's not bad
somewhere in between that's not a great
Chris for walking yeah you tried what do
we do drag we fall we don't lay down we
get up that's the best I can do keep
trying just keep at it Jack what Dale
wait day when we fill keep trying some
day some day it feels like forever
it feels like forever yeah those are
both really black really bad so
hopefully you got she doing if I do if
I'm available I'm just I'm not paying
they're paying any attention to the game
when I should be I do have satellites
launch oh yeah I got options up the bot
I might beat the game tonight
hey well there you go
ummm I guess it doesn't really
altum Utley it doesn't matter which one
of these I do it's two very difficult
because it's very difficult yeah you're
missing a few jobs in there space cop
dog hard you got clown DJ game slash
movie reviewer actor butcher if you
didn't know I was a blip here for a long
time farmer grew up on a farm and many
many jobs in between I have had so many
jobs I have done so many weird things
throughout my life and I enjoy them
dysphoria blues would like to say I'm
glad to have finally joined the ranks of
your pizza rolls Thank You dysphoria
blues I love what you all create at rlm
you're all brilliant at what you do
thank you for the years you're brilliant
at being rich Evans that's what you do
that's what it is the only thing I do
PS lol fuck my cock thank you thank you
for your kind words and thoughts that's
right I was a dispatcher I was a I was a
dispatcher for a short term courier
service a local logistic provider that
was actually a really fun job I'm happy
for you
you should be it was that what that was
it was very strange job it was very fun
it was very fun figuring out which
drivers had to pick up what where and
drop off and you know trying to chain a
drivers pickups and drop-offs oh they
would be happy cuz you had to keep a
drivers happy because they made the more
pickups and drop-offs the more money
they made right yeah and so you have to
find like oh here's three pickups
downtown and two of them are going south
and ones going very south so that's one
driver that's an easy one
but you know here I have another pickup
up north that's a drop-off
West but there's no pickup out west yet
but there might be one later so maybe
I'll send this guy here it was a really
neat I always thought it would make for
a really fun game trying to keep your
drivers happy while mapping out the
routes dumbest game I ever heard of yeah
well you know yeah it's kind of done fun
you know randomly generated pickups and
drop-offs in a map right and then you
have to map out the most efficient truth
it could be touchscreen or maybe des you
know integrate it with the stylus but
then you'd have to choose your drivers
carefully and you can give all the jobs
to one driver else they wouldn't get
completed on time and you couldn't
spread out the jobs to make sure they
all get delivered on time because then
each driver wouldn't make enough money
to keep the driver employed so I'd have
to balance driver employment package
being delivered on time driver happiness
customer happiness ex-con
would would you play Euro Truck
Simulator on stream if we gifted it to
you
probably not why would I want to play
Euro Truck Simulator what what is the
sell us on your own
yes sell us on this because you're a
terrible I would say this much
you're a terrible salesman well so far
they're saying they're gonna give it to
us for free
so they're great taste they're a great
salesman
no they're a terrible salesman because
they say they're gonna give it to me for
free and I have still have no interest
in the product this the worst salesman
ever I'm gonna give you this for free I
don't want it I know nothing about the
truck simulator games so oh shit it's a
great relaxation game but it's pointless
to watch other people play did you get
the crit do you get the crit oh you
didn't get the grid damn you for not get
the crit you mad I keep saying crit crit
crit you gonna crit gotta get the crit
Crockett's they're bullshit oh that's
right they do they do have American
Truck Simulator now so we could drive
through we could drive through AMERICA
AMERICA AMERICA work proud we could
drive through this great country America
oh you know what here's one point for it
CGP grey yeah love zero trucks in your
hat oh my god I don't care that's what
cgp great things I like him but so what
is I mean does it affect my life a
person that you enjoy enjoys this thing
so that might lead to you enjoying the
same thing
random crits are totally fair and bounce
you're absolutely right
recruit more pimps for you would like to
say thought thoughts on
movie Cloverfield haven't said it was
legitimately my favorite movie for seven
years until I saw a taxi driver PS it's
weird it's a weird you know
I ate expired pudding today because I
have no money
but you guys are awesome so here's two
dollars how do you expect him next next
time you take that two dollars you spend
it on food for yourself you expect to
have any pudding if you don't eat your
meat don't what we appreciate the
support but much like when you're on an
airplane you need to put on your own
oxygen mask before helping others that's
that's the case here take take the life
lesson from Delta before assisting a
child or others make sure your own
oxygen mask is affixed because if you
don't a fix yours first then you both
die and then you fucked
Zegna fuck it Cloverfield I haven't seen
it I didn't care about it I it looked
like a you know I found footage movie
and I don't much care for those the wall
was a bad album I agree I agree when it
comes to Pink Floyd totally Dark Side of
the Moon
100% Dark Side of the Moon yet I still
like another brick in the wall I was
going to make that reference would I go
to Jurassic Park if it were real totally
yeah absolutely absolutely I would
absolutely go to see it's worth risking
my life to see a Tyrannosaurus Rex and
that's that's alive fuck yeah fuck yeah
fuck yeah fuck yeah fucking a dinosaurs
fuck yeah bitch
second suck it bitch
I never saw Cloverfield um spoiler alert
for Cloverfield by the way so it's it's
a monster movie right yeah and but the
the twist is that it's all from the the
point of view of you know someone trying
to film it with a handheld recorder and
so you know there's a mystery elements
like what the monster was right but it's
just a monster movie yeah you didn't see
it here I know that much about it that's
all I know about it yeah I don't why are
we talking about some of the recruit
more pins for you wanted to know what
our thoughts I don't work oh okay
I I have no thoughts I I mean was that
Abraham's first thing Cloverfield
they're lost from the creators have lost
I think so yeah there was it from the
creators of Cloverfield lost I'm gonna
say it's the creator's lost Cloverfield
I'd been wrong before
I've been wrong many times that's what
I'm gonna say okay I'm with you all
right great sorry no strong feelings one
way or another
gonna getcha getcha getcha getcha one
way or another I'm going to find you I'm
going to catch you catch you catch you
catch you that's devos version of that
song one way alright uh I'm going to
find you go get you get you don't make
it here you've gone crazy and I don't
know if I could take it one of one of my
absolute favorite songs ever in life is
DeVos cover of satisfaction yeah
inner that I've heard their cover it's
so brilliant you know satisfaction is
just dick swinging rock song and Devo
tears it apart like takes the beat out
of it it's it's obviously Mark
Mothersbaugh hugs singing his weird sing
I can't get no satisfaction I can't give
it no that's it so I just every every
time I hear DeVos cover of that it fills
me with joy how much they wanted to rip
apart rock and roll you know it's a
great cover that I don't think anybody
has ever heard
Veruca Salt does a version of my Sharona
that's like Hello paste but it works
I believe it I mean for anybody who
doesn't know my Schroeder's that song is
like hyper-fast my mashup just take it
down - do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do my
Sharona it's great yeah
for a weird world it is where rich Evans
is talking about music that's fine some
music is good
Mark Mothersbaugh is more believable as
someone unable to get satisfaction than
Mick Jagger's you're absolutely right
you can't give me no hey baby baby oh
man on the drive home we're listening to
that song by the way we're gonna listen
we're gonna listen to that version
Gate for Jack says I saw a guy on twitch
streaming from a restaurant oh my god
that's the most amazing thing I've ever
heard any chance we can get a tour of
the rlm headquarters I mean you've seen
most of it you've seen best of the worst
is the room you saw before and it looks
exactly like you remember thinking you
know you've seen the time-lapse of the
studio not a big building you know I
think I think you'd be terribly
unimpressed and that would probably just
be a standalone video that's that's a
Mike and Jay thing don't do it they're
trying to case the joint
no they'll steal all of our new key
tapes Hey
what
fuck above the alloy can it fucking love
it I tell you I love the alloy Canon the
alloy Canon yeah yeah I've heard that
you are okay with it
in general what are you doing
just go over there just go over there
and hide you'll be fine
Miko Cola
hey guys sorry if this was asked already
tonight rich did you catch the season
premiere of Venture Brothers on Sunday I
want to wait until I can watch them all
at fucking once cuz I heard something
gonna be like a 6 8 episode season
really yeah ok so I have not seen it
you're waiting you're waiting I just
want someone take all in at once sure
you want a binge yep I'm that's fair
that's fair
have we heard of the William Shatner
Bohemian Rhapsody oh I'm sure it's
glorious that Shatner that Shatner does
so much
that shadow I have been catching up
behind that's fine while we wait for the
season finale of the expanse Lisa and I
have been catching up on agent Carter
have you watched any agent you're not a
big Marvel person but that's one thing
we we never got around to watching when
it was on TV so we finally caught up on
agent Carter it's pretty good good spy
stuff spy stuff
so it's not great that's pretty good it
was my official agent Carter review I'm
enjoying it and now that I'm caught up
with agent Carter oh wait I think there
was a new episode last night that I
didn't see but once I'm caught up I will
be 100% caught up on the entire Marvel
Cinematic Universe and so as a
completist I feel really good about that
I've seen everything in the Marvel
Cinematic Universe yes I know it's
amazing I know Casper is agent Carter as
good as Daredevil and Jessica Jones no
no daredevil is amazing Jessica Jones is
really good agent Carter's a good age I
would put agent Carter above ant-man
buddy you know it's different it's it's
spies it's a lot of detective II stuff
which is really nice if you like
detective II stuff but it's slower and
it's good just good um Mo's that sleepy
sleep LV thoughts on The Last Dragon
what the fuck is the last dragon the
Eddie Murphy movie no that's another
child yeah
space cop was fuckin great I could
always tell when Jack was playing the
alien based on the way he moved
that's right and the seamless way you
blended in Ritchie's stunt double into
that scene
yes I play many aliens thoughts on
agents of shield I shield started all
right really dropped down and has gotten
better has gotten a lot better
there was see this giant alien monster I
wasn't rolling that with my mind that
great fucking awesome so now he's just
on your team for like a few terms nice
but like for a while agents of shield
was really bad and if you can put up
with like half a season of really bad it
gets a lot better like I think they had
to be really bad because they didn't
like during Captain America stuff
spoiler alert for Captain America even
though it's super old now
Captain America Winter Soldier was the
reveal that Hydra was actually in charge
of shield oh my god and agents of shield
obviously was affected by that so I
think there was a lot of them waiting
for that reveal so they had to paste
their show weirdly and so there were
some down moments but I really like
where it's going now
Jessica Jones is great.i Jessica Jones
takes a while though to get into like
daredevil for me I was I was way into it
by like the second episode second
episode is amazing and then you're just
super into it Jessica Jones it took me
three or four episodes to get into the
flow and then by like the fourth or
fifth you're really into it and it ends
incredibly strong as a whole jessica
jones is great but it takes a while it's
a slow start jesus crist no I got
expelled yeah yeah I'm sitting for what
is the definitive song post Buffett used
to get people back on the dance floor I
say oh what a night by Four Seasons
that's a great one keep in mind I've
been out of the wedding DJ game for a
while now oh what a night is a great one
don't stop to get enough everybody
fucking loves Michael Jackson everybody
and it all depends on the crowd my
personal favorite was let's go crazy
about prints remember remember when
fuckin Prince max landis was here yeah
and I made a Michael Jackson joke and
max landis was like I knew him yeah and
then I just stood there and it was great
that was really really awkward yeah yeah
yeah that was the thing that happened by
the way there's the thing that happened
because his father directed thriller so
max landis knew Michael Jackson quite
well and I made a Michael Jackson job
you did not about his dead friend you do
yeah I did that yeah
shit happens out of nowhere too like
there wasn't he there wasn't even a good
problem for you just just out of nowhere
and by the way let's go crazy has going
back to wedding stuff to get your people
back on the dance floor let's go crazy
ends in that ridiculous
beat drum was guitar solo that mixes
perfectly into the opening beats of
Billie Jean so you start with let's go
crazy right and ends in the guitar solo
right when that guitar solo hits hit
Billie Jean while he's doing the guitar
solo and it blends perfectly and so you
can you can go into let's go crazy into
Billie Jean get people dancing right
away it's great Trent and trying to
remove the joke I think it might have
been this one I'm not sure why does
Michael Jackson like 27 year olds why
because there are 20 of them that might
have been it I might have been a
different one I don't know nothing was
ever proven it's quite likely alright I
don't think he was even yeah I don't
know I think it's quite likely nothing
ever happened he was a great artist this
is the joke it's it's it's joke
it just happens to be it was a dead
friend of his yes no someone he knew I
made I made a joke about how he was a
pedophile yeah and when he really wasn't
yeah and and all of us were there and
like after max was like oh he was a
friend of mine like dead silence it was
amazing
it was absolutely amazing no oh no that
wasn't the joke like rich that was said
something else he made an offhand
reference yeah Michael Jackson maybe a
child was brought up and child oh I know
a joke about children
but anyway it was I mean it was
embarrassing for all of us
mostly for rich definitely embarrassing
for me yes yes but you wouldn't I guess
he wouldn't think about that you
wouldn't you wouldn't put those
connections yeah yeah it's probably best
just not to make fun of people after the
fact who said oh of course he met him I
mean not just I want to say not just
thriller right I did yeah yeah I'm one
or two of the other ones probably did I
think he did bad too at least if not all
of them who knows black and white max
landis was not really upset about it
either it was just an awkward awkward
moment it was no I'm sure he's he's
dealt with that kind of joke before
no max didn't offer any sort of argument
that he was and I think it's just
generally assumed that he wasn't it
wasn't a one out of a way to not talk
about it after that right right
the man danced himself into dust let him
be dead I agree
I enjoy Michael Jackson's music it's cuz
it's like you know I'm talking to the
man in the mirror and I'm asking him to
change the world you know I'm saying no
I'm saying no no idea what you're saying
if you want to make the world a better
place take a look at yourself find the
change change change
great great if you had to cook a meal to
impress somebody
what would your signature dish be the
only thing I can cook us either macaroni
or a cheeseburger so yeah my options are
limited I made a mean cheeseburger did I
fuck it up did I fuck up the lyrics oh
shit what are the lyrics you wanna make
the breath but place the key you look
good yourself bring the change I'm
talking but the main aim to change the
world I just enjoy I just enjoy it
Michael Jackson you know that's singing
there's good songs fuck you man in the
mirror is a great song
Billie Jean Billie Jean's great I
stopped to get enough is great a smooth
criminal Oh smooth criminal nice bad
yeah that's a little too theatrical for
me yeah yeah cuz he I mean he ain't bad
he ain't bad but he isn't Billie Jean
either their songs no he's not Billie
Jean Billie Jean is the person he's
talking about
Pete it's pretty good Pete it's pretty
good yeah I do like the trying to think
of it rich just likes the hits yes I've
never claimed to be a Michael Jackson
fan boy Oh blame it on the book I'm not
I'm not I'm not the cool guy who likes
all the obscure Michael Jackson songs
cuz I'm that cool first first of all no
Michael Jackson's song is obscure every
single one is a hit like have you seen
the Thriller album every single song in
that goddamn album has a number-one hit
it was the 80s and he was Michael
Jackson yes him he couldn't do his
producers and writers were incredibly
talented could do no wrong at the time
that's true
screw it you know what scream is it's
like it's one of those things where it's
like later Michael Jackson in the same
with Janet Jackson and the novelty of
them doing a song was good enough I like
scream I think it's interesting not
among his best but I think scream is a
very interesting song or he did the song
with Janet Jackson and you could not
tell the two of them apart well yeah she
ever upset by that why do you have to
keep trying to look like me Michael stop
stealing my fucking blood you know how
hard I worked to get out of your shadow
and now you're lifting my luck I'm a
fucking girl goddammit Michael listen
and she tried she tried to get out of it
like you know Rhythm Nation it's one of
the greatest Rhythm Nation I really
y'all really dumb nation
stop jarring me dance Oh Michael fuck
now today it is gonna go down like a
Michael Jackson YouTube loop I've done
this before I've had nights where I've
just collect on Michael Jackson video
and listen a song if I gonna love them
have I heard of the Arctic Monkeys
they had a hit song hey hey with the
Arctic Monkeys just have the same ring
to it does not have the same ring to it
they had a hit song ten years ago I
can't get behind that I don't know I
have no strong feelings towards the
arctic monkeys monkeys monkeys what
about the monkeys do you have any strong
feelings towards the monkeys the fake
band
the fake fan that was the TV show you're
you're about the story though because
there were real musicians they hired
people who knew how to use instruments
and these people probably all had dreams
of being big rock stars but they were
just hired to act on this TV show and
they didn't let them perform any of the
music and it had to be soul-crushing to
be so close to your real life's dream
yeah and then to have the adults like
saying no no you getting fried that
camera see this guy his name is fucking
Neil Diamond we're gonna make him write
the songs you put on the suit and get in
front of the camera let the real
musicians play it had to be they had to
be horrible I think they like they they
even though there weren't a real band
they had some good songs they had a they
tried to make their own album once and
it's just like this horror I think I
heard like a short clip of it himself
just hideous experimental shit yep you
know something very strange that I
learned recently about the monkeys yeah
every almost every single video clip you
see of Jimi Hendrix is only attributed
to when he opened for the Monkees what
this is a true thing
the monkeys were going on tour and they
needed an opening act and they were so
big at the time that they convinced
their tour manager to book Jimi Hendrix
to open for them and that's where we get
most of our archival footage of him okay
and that crazy many things are crazy in
this mixed-up crazy wasn't that crazy
but not all most of a lot of our
archival footage is from him opening for
the Monkees you're calling BS as well
look it up look it up jack is wrong
about something check hold on where's
the don't get out of here you don't know
you don't know how I get out of here
get the fuck what this
I hate I hate Windows 10 it's just the
worst operating system
are you guys looking at that for me
it was one yes it was only one tour and
Jimmy left early because the Monkees fan
hated Jimmy Hendricks music as it turns
out Windows 10 is awful 8 is awful just
go back to Windows 7 everyone windows 10
is I cannot I hate fucking Windows 10
all the time all the time all the time
every time all the time every time I
tried I tried to get the Internet up and
it ruined everything so there you go
back to cooking a meal mm-hmm a
signature dish is you don't you take
them out to a nice restaurant that's
that's what you do don't a nice
restaurant not like a chain restaurant
find a nice restaurant own little family
own place or the other okay all right or
here's what you do you find something
that you can make together but that you
don't have to watch right okay so
nothing on the stovetop you don't want
anything that you have to like go and
stir every couple of minutes so you find
something nice that you can make
together maybe like a nice like a baked
mac and cheese like the kind of mac and
cheese that have like the crumbs on top
and the eight different kinds of cheeses
in all the bullshit right you get
everything prepared ahead of time but
every all the little ingredients in the
little bowls like they're doing the
cooking shows and then you have you you
have your lady you have your man over
right you have you have you yeah other
person who you wanna who you want to bed
I can only assume you want to bed or
else why else oh you're cooking form
right you have them over and you make it
together and then that's like
together the kind of thing right then
you can put it in the oven for like an
hour so now you got an hour to kill so
you can sit and talk and chat you can do
stuff together that's what you do that's
what you do every but this is this is my
this is my advice it's fine advice it's
fine advice I like it is my is my
knowledge of the arc of Jimi Hendrix
archival footage not true who's been
looking into this he did open for the
Monkees everyone is a is that is it that
is true I cook for friends and family no
sex involved well listen
cooking for the wrong people then you
know what Jack just put the pizza rolls
in the oven
no like act like a nice mac and cheese
like the kind that you'd be making it
like in a crock pot that's got the
crumbs on it you got do shit to it and
then everybody gets mac and cheese it to
him Oh suspense 21 you are correct jack
most videos I found came from his
touring around with the Monkees
obviously there's Woodstock there's
interviews there's other footage but a
lot of the footage we see is from the
Monkees tour this is no shocking thing I
have ever heard isn't it crazy in part
the Monkees were responsible for Jimi
Hendrix coming well the people in charge
of the Monkees responses no no the
Monkees the actual monkeys they the
Monkees like them yeah and they were the
ten you know they were the onstage
talent so they convinced everyone see
now the alien mind controlled one of my
soldiers Oh No
yeah oh no that's never good oh no we
are still streaming oh my god it's late
that's fine give me that late it's
midnight yeah
we got 14 more minutes till our next
standup so we're at least going that far
mr. Pibb says sorry for spamming but
remind your audience to tell windows not
to download and install updates anymore
as Windows will now download and install
Windows 10 without asking who really you
ah fuck Microsoft what
it is weird slash from DuckTales is
saying I went to a Florence in the
Machine concert nothing I really enjoy
Florence in the machine but but her
opening acts were all different genres
sometimes that can work but most of time
you know like you want I was for a while
I was I was in a rock and roll band and
a rock and roll band I was in one of
them rock and roll bands and that was
that was usually really hard when you
booked a show you know like Oh bands
coming into town they want to play with
you okay we kind of sound this it sounds
similar let's find out try to find a
third band and you know we'd always go
through this big rig Amuro of like oh
this band kind of sounds like us this
band you know like maybe that can metal
you know we'd try to find the flow yeah
but I know that doesn't work out all the
time and sometimes it's just like I have
fuckit who's available and sometimes it
can work there was a really interesting
show that we are a part of that we
played and we were kind of like a
noisier rock band and there was also a a
rapper on the bill and then closing out
the night was a strict yelling noise
band yeah so we were a little more
straightforward then hip-hop then
nothing but noise and squeals and
garbage and it wasn't like not a lot of
people stuck around for the other bands
but you know some people didn't expose
them to different music you can you can
download space cop go to red letter
media calm space cop is available for
streaming right now and download
streaming in download what to do about
you you're gonna blow yourself up I used
to use the grenade at Camp Tyrannosaurus
Rex I used to slap at the base I was a
bass player
oh thank you happy tweek happy tweek
just gave the link red letter media dot
vh X dot TV or you can go to red light
immediate common there'll be a link but
that's how you get it available for
streaming and download with and you can
also get the extras I know that was a
question it was can you get the extras
that are on the blu-ray digitally you
can you can that's madness it's great
that's madness that can't possibly be
true
what a deal the download content and the
blu-ray content are the same you can get
you can get the commentary track you can
get the behind-the-scenes footage you
can get the making-of featurette s-- and
i believe you can get one more thing if
you get the digital download you can
watch it in VHS vision only available on
the digital die what's VHS vision why
it's the able watch a movie and say to
yourself I would sure like to see this
in worse quality and instead of the
intended 16 by 9 aspect ratio I'd like
to see it cut pan and scan to fall by 3
do you ever say that to yourself well
now you could have it in VHS vision
that's so amazing is it just how did you
miss that shot your aim is unbelievable
I don't believe that happened yep I'm
sorry
what was my ax of choice I had a I'm a
Pathan
I could I could mine free him but it's
so satisfying to do this yeah that feels
good that feels so good
I like these floaties guys yeah these
are fun have you ever seen them before
no oh god I've never made it this far
into the game this is a great game that
you apparently entirely missed out on
I didn't just you know never never
crossed my path but hey I get X come
tuna yes no he's not there anymore okay
okay
what is pan and scan mask Tennyson
Tyrannosaurus Rex Oh or tyranny source
Rex re sub pan and scan is when you have
a movie in widescreen in sixteen by nine
or wider and you need it to fit on a
four by three screen there's a couple
ways you can do that you can either put
the bars on top or bottom but a lot of
people didn't do that a lot of people
just cropped off the sides of the movie
and that works in most cases actually
where the action is usually in the
center of the screen right but there are
some scenes that you need that wide shot
so what they would do is digitally scan
the pant they would make a digital pan
and scan you know the the image from
left to right or vice versa and so if
they didn't crop off the sides they
would actually move the image digitally
and you can you can tell you can tell
when it's a pan scan it's great his rich
plate XCOM - you don't know it's it's
not out yet
it oh yes it always looks horrible and
jittery it's great it's great and so for
for space cop in VHS vision you know Jay
made these special oh you're just
looking he even did you know did the pan
and scans it's great explain in detail
the difference between panning and
scanning well no you scan the image and
pant you the images scanned app and it's
I think that was a joke it was probably
to come he's probably joke whose pride
that was probably a joke you can never
tell what can you you can never tell
them one person's joke is another
person's I'm a fucking idiot right the
Jay actually put it on a VHS cassette I
won't be shocked if he does that
something no he's done a before like a
limited edition yeah special special fun
thing he likes to do mm-hmm
yeah thank you hunchback jag the image
pans you scan you scan the pan it's
there's it's a whole much it's a whole
much it's a whole bunch of munchy yep
how much do we have to pay Jay to make
an outtake cut of space cut I'll be a
lot probably it was an insane amount of
work to edit space cop as it was just
keep asking for it I'm I'm a friend of
his and I couldn't convince him to do it
keep keep asking for it and I don't I
don't blame him after I see how hard it
was to the regular edit I don't blame
him one bit
oh yeah night I'm sure it's safe
oh that sounds interesting mr. Beebe's
is letting us know about of a podcast he
enjoys in which a two dudes talk about
80s movies with their 14 year old
daughter and asked what she thinks about
them that would be an interesting thing
to listen to what are the kids think of
these crazy movies I think they're crazy
oz Mike that's a great idea Jake should
put them in VHS is like me know copy
them onto VHS is and secretly go put
them in discount movie bins and gas
stations around the country around the
country around the country in hopes that
someone somewhere finds it that would be
great that would be an incredible waste
of time our mill yes Jay has not been
around since space cops started wrapping
up because he's been working on space
cop I you know I J was was primary
editor of space cabin so a lot of his
time has been dedicated to that so
unfortunately he hasn't been able to be
around as much hopefully we can get him
back I know he enjoyed just talking with
us so I bet we can get him back why does
everybody want to press him do an
outtake yes yes I feel bad for bringing
it up now
no oh no I let him know let it let him
know here's what I really do it let them
know that you'll pay extra for it and
then you know things will start getting
back to normal and he'll start having a
little bit of free time he's like well
maybe I could help people if you pay a
photo there's a lot of Mike scenes in
the final film I assume well I mean they
they edit they worked together
Mike edited oh yeah
Jay did some and of course they
collaborated even when you know Jay was
cutting Mike would see the cuts
now Jay was primary editor time to stand
up and say goodbye it's after midnight
how many next play could review taking
12 years to make jokes have been made so
far it would take 12 years to count them
all so I don't know thank you all right
let's stand up let's find some names
such a nerdy fucking thing Oh with phone
beeps I gotta stand up I'm gonna do it
because yes all right I guess it's good
for me is everybody drinking enough
water stay away from fatty foods and
carbohydrates
stupid stupid enough that we're standing
up don't walk give the phone told us we
have to stand up
oh I love my squad Tiberius Kirk points
out wonderful hypocrisy zuv me I was
just telling you to stay away from fatty
foods and carbohydrates but not 20
minutes ago I was recommending macaroni
and cheese as a dish to make friends
families and people you want to have
snips with yes sorry alright hypocrisy
is a thing hypocrisy is a thing this is
uh this is wrap it up this is wrap it up
yeah let's wrap it up yeah you want to
do this last mission what do you think
this mission this mission is gonna be
boring
okay then though this is the wrap it up
single if I had a light out flash my
special mouse I have to go to the
keyboard so I might keys to do things my
legs are not dead from years of sitting
because I have a little thing on my
computer that tells me to stand up every
hour my legs are dead from years yeah I
like it a lot but I try I try I try to
do but you you got to see my my my late
game XCOM squad because we've only done
the early game stuff on here which FX
cam has a problem it said that's the
most exciting stuff in the game is the
early games yes not that it's not fun to
have a squad of power armored badasses
with their cyborg giant robot friend in
tow it's it seems to me like you know
the whole thing is very satisfying but
it may be dude you get too powerful too
soon or is that just the way you play it
could be Jesus I'm too good and I get
too powerful too sir no I'm being honest
I'm pretty decent and XCOM sure so yeah
single-player I never do multiplayer
right where somebody gets pissed at me
for bragging or something I don't know I
don't know but I can kick single players
ass yeah someday I'm gonna do it without
losing a country or a soldier on classic
I'm it's gonna happen I guess that's
when you move up doing that's when I
move up doing possible mmm I think if we
learn anything about rich Evans I like I
like to challenge myself by by
perfecting the old difficulty not
upping the difficulty no you know I'm
not excited about Dark Souls 3 I'm
putting that out there yeah as everyone
knows I fucking love blood-borne with
all of my heart boner but it's Dark Soul
series is a different series and it
feels different and I love blood-borne
more so because of the world and the
monsters and the world it's just
everything about your surroundings in
blood-borne is what gets me into it and
I don't care about careful you know I
don't care about Kiev and / maybe maybe
it's because I'm getting older yeah or
maybe it's just because I've been burned
too many times but I rarely ever get
excited about something that's upcoming
anymore hmm almost never even XCOM to
which I'm don't get me wrong I'm I want
to play it I've got a definitely gonna
play it but it's not like I'm I'm going
I'm dying with the anticipation either
mmm you know what I think kill it for me
mmm very it was what I bring it up too
much but it was probably one of the
defining gaming moments of my life
the anticipation I had for Mass Effect 3
after playing Mass Effect it was through
the roof yeah I have been I was more
excited about that than anything I was
more excited about Mass Effect 3 than
that I was excited for the Phantom
Menace before I knew the prequels are
gonna be total crap right and how
prophetic is that I'm so sorry yeah yeah
doesn't mean I may be between that and
the prequels and everything else that's
burned me in life I just I can't get
excited anymore it doesn't it doesn't
happen I'm sorry I can enjoy things but
I'm not excited for them ahead of time I
just find them and I go that was good
mmm I can still get excited for stuff
like if I was a fan of the Dark Soul
series and now after playing an
experiencing blood-borne I understand
why anyone would be super hyped for Dark
Souls 3 I'm just you know I'm just not
spooky Dookie 13 months in a row fisted
by dope
smoke 14 months in a row the real Vey on
the real Quaid 15 months in a row a
horrible glory also 15 months room the
dude 19:34 set in motion around the drum
click okay n-- Oh bother
Bobby's only got nine months I thought
he was a meteor but then he was in the
the 12-month Club he's been he's been in
at home he's been in there Chad Oh
bothers the one that sent us that
homemade beer I drank that beer thank
you a bother
so low 56700 like that did that
perfectly you did that perfectly oh well
baby here oh yeah I don't think because
movie skeletal snuggles are no three I
do my time I'm assuming that's supposed
to be he wants the three pronounced
doesn't eat I believe his last I know
are Miller yeah I just you know it's
like the lead speak shit what the fuck
is that then that end like 15 years ago
elite speak the kids still doing that
that that that hang on longer than fat
did phat with a pH that's still around
that's all wrong shit yeah I thought
that went the way of groovy groovy still
round well only only only in terms of
ash it was no Groovy's now ironic you
know that's a hipster thing and then but
eventually people will forget that it's
ironic and it'll become cool again recap
okay your turn wait when did you last
click the announce your sub button
what what I don't think that's for us
okay rich reads
Stardust's thirteen months in a row here
at shul here at ETSU there's there's no
hurt at Hsu here Ted's here Ted soon
thirteen months in a row which is weird
these 13 months in a row and I've never
seen that name before
can you change I don't know maybe
somebody changing the name or it's the
Phantom hair Tetsu Johnny
gadfly krob I am God you have to say it
like a Barbie I am gone that's what I
was going for I am get I am that's this
clone another God I am God I've got X
Mensa 19 months in a row waffle fail
Severino Meisner one 13 months Maria
dysphoria blues but Lucas Ducas the Luke
is to kiss Harry Feb 12 what's wrong
he's not
yes you know like that one when you feel
like you need a hug reach for a Huggies
knuckle makes your clothes softer but it
deteriorates the entire beefcake 15
months desperate pumpkin and buttermilk
biscuits 13 months in a row thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we really do all right what
are we ending on what do we got I think
we'll end on it I'll say it's true we
really do and then you end there we're
like I'll say I'll say it's like back
when I said it's true
