Domo Aragami Mr Roboto (part 1)
October 23, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZgPCOkzWmYc

boom I see no no desktop audio showing
up which concerns me we have the mouse
and the keyboard if only there was
something I could do about that rich
properties Samsung thumb there we go
Daniel yet we want to make sure we're
slightly louder than the game yep yeah
we should
by all accounts be streaming right this
very moment laptop others do we have a
cord vallarta is the twat Sarang nope
you said you had an updated washer nope
we updated chatty oh the twat sure is
not running pause momentarily
he don't like change too bad you get
changed how did you start I did oh my
god I mean right now
that's MAME
isn't it a hold on we're gonna start the
swatch it because it isn't currently not
started yes run no don't always ask
before running this and insert they ever
play yes that we have we've replaced
we've replaced many things and connected
connected we're connected don't worry I
got me mr. Prez auntie great and now we
are good to go except of the room change
that's a great question wait where's the
remote
right in there so many things are
different
hey everybody what's up with the room
change well in the old room yeah I had
organized all of our cords so that was
neat and clean and orderly and I had it
all I have all in these plastic strips
going into the couch and writing was
measured out and it bundled and then the
second way had to move something it had
to go everything every right by the way
not just your cords the entire room had
to go yeah not only do we stream from
this location this these microphones the
the zoom this is where you guys do mic
is too hot what's different who's hot my
mic your mic your mic is too hot what is
it
whatever not too loud for me I moved it
away from my face so
the shootin energy at each other and
that's great great okay so not only do
we stream from this location this is
where you guys do your audio commentary
tracks for movies and such for the old
room huh yeah the old well the I mean
here you know now these microphones you
watch it on this TV you you nothing like
that has ever been filmed at the setup
before no no because this is brand-new
what I'm trying to explain why we're in
a new room I'm trying to explain why
we're in a new room you can explain
nothing Jack nothing and so they wanted
to also make it easier for them to do
audio commentary tracks and not have
everything move around so we got a new
space I like it
yeah it's roomy I much prefer this
background this is an interesting
background yeah don't you think yeah
it's great but it's a great room we got
plenty of space in here everything's
great what is today's day the 23rd okay
great
I think it's great and we're happy to be
here it feels great in here it's super
comfy so the Kia but basically they
kicked us out but they kicked it
basically they kicked us out of our room
but they gave us like the nicer room and
so I don't know if I should I at first I
was a little like yeah I guess we can
change it's not a big deal but now I'm
just worried that they're gonna realize
we have the better room
okay we're gonna connect here get it
going
TC Brady one three three says is the
background replacing my AIDS medicine
how you fuckos have a great week fuck my
cock great they KITT right that's it
electric monk they kicked us in they
didn't kick us out they kicked us into
the room they won't realize it because
they don't watch prereq oh I think J
shows up sometimes
shadow leap justice gyno says I feel
about ninjas how rich feels about
vampires
really how do you feel about ninjas I
like ninjas yeah yeah ninjas are fun hmm
I'm not a ninja I'm a vengeful spirit
you're a spirit oh you know I know like
historically or you know like in movies
and such ninjas are portrayed you know
very similar to this wearing you know
black garments and yeah they just look
like ninjas look and I know historically
they did not dress like that they were
dressed like normal people to be asked
to be incognito is there any game where
you need to like dress like the local
population Landon hitman hitman okay
I've never really got into the hidden
man games I told the story before I
played the first one I liked it yeah
except I couldn't really play because my
computer wasn't really great at the time
and it took literally a half an hour
every time I died to reload the level oh
because your computer wasn't so great
yeah yeah isn't this the free space wait
a mold the right okay
historically they didn't exist it uh
well you know they were there were just
like assassins right who ninjas ninjas
yeah
they don't exist like we really know
them right right they're not like super
powered karate people I I understand
that I couldn't get into hitman because
I looked like the character well when
hitman first came out I was just balding
I wasn't fully bald and yeah I couldn't
deal with I couldn't deal with my own
future I couldn't I couldn't deal with
it but yeah I like the idea of like
having to scan out an area and like
figure out how to blend in like oh how
can I sneak it you know like if you have
to you might enjoy hitman yeah yeah
first that man what are we glad we could
play it won't be next stream won't be
next room we have a plan for the next
dream ish we have a vague idea of a plan
this is not Okami
this is oh come on Rami right what's it
called again
irony origami the cover of it looks a
lot like Okami technically jakka's
played thief we've hit a snag we're not
doing an episode because Jackie won't
explain what's going on with you and
thief you guys are all so so the back
story for those who don't know is rich
wanted to replay thief I'm gonna do a
retrospective episode on Andy that's a
fine example to replay thief is will do
a whole let's look back at this classic
game episode yeah so I got FIFA thief 1
and thief two off of Gog and started
playing it obviously not fast enough for
rich cuz he was insisting that I played
it and I got terribly terribly motion
sick
and I looked into it and apparently
sometimes with older games whether it's
the framerate rather whether it's
something for some reason in older first
person shooters some people experience
heavy motion sickness and I am one of
those people and I've tried multiple
times like during during day time during
night time there's no real like field of
view slider mm-hm
in thief and I think that might be the
problem is maybe the field of view is
too narrow or too wide or wherever if
you tried messing with the settings
there might be a way to change the field
of view I thought I'd look not in the
settings I mean in the the ini file this
is some this is some PC master-race
sometimes you could adjust things that
are in an options menu because you go to
the file where they store this
information yeah and you just change the
variables manually oh geez maybe so look
up do a search
theif fov and like change or I oh I I
and I file or something this is not
something I've ever heard of by the way
again older FPS games have bobbing that
always makes me want to puke how do i
crunch it's no it's not an excuse I want
to play it I know rich loves it I I
don't want to love it I want to play it
because it could be an interesting
episode rich is an old-school diehard
thief fan and I am brand-new to the
series that kind of perspective like for
a really good conversation so I want to
play it I used to have a problem with
motion sickness and first-person
shooters and I got over that but
obviously thief isn't a first-person
shooters just first-person but have I
considered drinking heavily I really
don't think that would help I'll be
honest with you
t fix does add an fo do okay so what's T
fix a fan-made program kind of updates
theif a bit okay better on modern
systems sure so you want to give another
whack I will look into this T fix I
tried to play it just own natural not
with it with no mods or anything but
perhaps I need I need this T fix mod
which adds a field of view slider yeah I
think I'm used to a wider field of view
and I believe it's very narrow I think
that's my problem
I've played Mirror's Edge and I was able
to play it fine I played it on stream
and plated fine with no real motion
sickness problems
this isn't bad this isn't bad yeah
they're saying you know if you want it's
like faster shadow jumps playing with
mouse and keyboard might be a better
option but I don't want to fucker the
bindings right now normally it normally
I'd be all over that shit yeah and if I
keep playing this when I get home yes
but for now it's working for now I'm
gonna deal with this it's working I've
like I've heard I've heard I can get
those like see bands things or just take
like seasickness pills but I don't want
it like it seems that seems extreme yeah
just to play a game so really I just
think I need to mess with the fov
settings and if I can do that in the ini
file or with T fix then we can still do
the episode which I would like to do how
is your replay through of thief's going
or are you done already no I'm not way
I'd to play gears oh that's right that's
right
we're done with I stopped everything for
that you have no more obligations it
altered my life in unspeakable ways
let's see here sha no future famous
person says at what length does facial
hair stop scratching your lady's face I
have a date on Friday but don't want to
shave I never measured before listen at
any length it's gonna scratch sometimes
ladies like the beard sometimes ladies
like to be it if do you have here's the
fight despite the itchiness Karen likes
like the five o'clock shadow oh yeah
yeah I know she doesn't like she doesn't
she's not fond of the itchiness but just
visually yeah she likes the five o'clock
shadow yeah yeah
oh wait you can be you can go on top
what happens we do that
oh then go and you know what a lot of it
is ladies preference my wife does not
like any say that would be a bad idea I
think healing one yeah absolutely
oh you're gonna move you viewed I think
nice Oh
what's not fast enough well now what
she's dead very telling me to get up
there Jack I blame you I would never
have done that it's seen them well you
know what I saw I didn't see that other
era i saw the arrow and thought that it
was still part of the tutorial where
it's like you can come up here come up
here now i didn't know you were just in
an arena jack is completely hairless all
yep my entire body shaving takes
approximately three hours and I have to
do it every other day but it's worth it
you know it's worth it well hey are they
in the storage room because we moved
rooms we're in a very lovely room we
have a new space here at the studio and
it's it's great it's a great space damn
it try to teleport down there
why does origamis theme page say that i
need an i5 processor and a gtx 680 to
run it but when I google it I find out
my shitty i3 and Nvidia 820 are enough
they're trying to cover their bases they
don't want to return because the
performance isn't great yeah are you
looking under minimal settings or
recommended settings on the steam page
listen and by the way I've hi I have had
some I've had some encouraging tweets
you know I do apologize for Wednesday
stream obviously it got a little out of
hand because I got a little obsessed
shit
you like war past people I don't know if
you're below official minimum it's your
own risk yeah yeah I think that's fair
what happens nope definitely not
wondering if maybe I get some like
double kill they were stunned enough
watching somebody die though you know
right in front of me like that just said
attempted how could I is there a way to
distract guards that would be nice that
would be nice check under the controls
yeah Wednesday got a little nuts I have
had some encouraging tweets of people
just saying listen we get it we've we're
gamers we've all been in that situation
before let the motion sick not motion
sick about Wednesday about streaming the
same level of mr. president
oh yeah and over and over again but you
know rich and I aren't just gamers we're
also right pots right we're also
whack-jobs know we're also entertainers
we're here to entertain you while we
play games well great and we weren't
doing our job as entertainers I wasn't
I'm not gonna blame rich and not
throwing rich under the bus with me here
but do I have to kill everybody or no
saying you don't have to kill everybody
okay nevermind oh great
I thought I thought it was like here's
the arena kill all the guys apparently
it wasn't so there were there was a
little achievement you could have gotten
if you wouldn't have killed anyone
really yeah so much for vengeful spirit
are you a vengeful spirit yes is that
what the lady told you yes the lady told
me did she say you have to kill everyone
she just said I'm a vengeful spirit
oh well that could mean a lot of things
once revenge for the village or
something I added him how do you get
revenge
I had so much faith in you or last
stream my mouse was hovering over the
clip button for when you made it no I
did not I did not make a I was what I
was hoping is we would end the night
with a victory didn't happen wasn't
going to have it didn't happen and I
couldn't I was so upset with myself I
didn't want to I don't I don't think
there was a comedy clip we could have
made out of that hour and a half yeah
besides just it playing at 20 times
speed I I don't know what to do when we
put that up and you do I don't know what
to do just make it its own separate
thing speed it up
no no just like put that in the
description be warned this is an hour
and a half of the same level over and
over and over again do I think the
Supergirl Superman is the best
live-action Superman or is Snyder's
Superman just terrible um does the top
Christopher Reeve well you know there's
there's some bad Christopher Reeves
because of the later movies yeah no I
think I am gonna say he's really he's a
he is a perfectly cast Superman and
Christopher I mean Christopher is just
so iconic at this point right yeah well
this guy does a really good job I would
say he's on par with Christopher Reeves
if not better because of the because of
Supergirl like the the play he gets off
of Supergirl and I mean he's only in
he's he has like 15 minutes of screen
time and he's great
Superman in the Supergirl is the
Superman we need alright I guess see
where Mouse aiming would come in handy
okay do you want to switch over
we got it's right a lot of a lot of
fucking around the bindings fuck around
paintings I'll talk about Superman super
girlfriend I don't have my nice mouse
with the extra buttons a little bit yep
do we need to order a mouse yeah
actually I would love that yeah I would
love that
I will shop later most rat places not
the time okay it's not the time I talked
about this before Superman and Supergirl
is Superman is in two episodes of the
new Supergirl and he doesn't get a ton
of screen time but he is happy he is
he's you know super strong he does all
the Superman things including being a
genuinely good guy like there's a moment
where he and Supergirl run into some
like United States military soldiers and
he stops in like shakes hands with our
soldiers and hey you're doing a great
job thanks for protecting our country
like he's fucking Superman you know one
of the big action sequences in Supergirl
the the evil villain is trying to
assassinate someone and Superman and
Supergirl show up and instead of trying
to hurt Superman and Superman
I've also I also have drones planted
throughout the city you have to choose
whether you want to rescue the the
person I'm trying to assassinate or let
all these people die like eyelets smart
that's how you defeat Superman you put
people in danger and that was there that
was their challenge it wasn't them
getting hurt it was them being able to
protect other people it was perfect
he had like his his big thing is that he
had an issue with this one guy because
when they met years ago this one guy
wanted to hold on to kryptonite just in
case Superman or any other Kryptonians
showed up and he could use it to defend
the earth and Superman was really pissed
at him for that because obviously he'd
hurt Superman but ya know he was super
suit the other guy was totally right the
other guy is totally right of course but
this Superman is a great Superman I'm
super happy with the show now that it's
on CW it's maintained its upbeat tone
it's storyline episode by episode is a
little bit stronger I'm super happy with
with Supergirl at the moment oh you can
make shadow oh and they don't last long
enough nope
he's super happy he is he's great it's
fun it's a fun watch if you enjoy the
Superman stuff so oh yeah we'll get into
that we'll get into them like that flash
hasn't been as terrible as I thought it
was going to be him now that they've
done the flash point change the timeline
thing hasn't been terrible I mean still
fun it's the same actors it's all fun
arrow is still arrow still crazy
what about squawk heart dropping out you
know that's that was going to be the
downside is on now that they're on CW
they just won't have the budget that
they had before and that means they
can't afford Calista Flockhart anymore
I'm sure she's still gonna show up every
once in a while wait what's the deal
enclosed a flat card she was she was on
Supergirl
no she's on Supergirl and other than it
used to be on a major Network Supergirl
he used to be on CBS oh and Calista
Flockhart was the boss lady she was a
she was super girls boss and she has
been replaced by angry man boss mm-hmm
oh you know it's fine and she said she
hasn't left the show permanently like
she she will come back every so often
but Flockhart said she was going to
stick with the show despite production
moving from LA to Toronto oh that's
right that's another reason is the show
is now in Toronto that's going to that's
gonna mean you don't get Calista
Flockhart as often she's still gonna
come back she's still gonna be the show
it's super fun angry boss man angry man
boss yes a well-known low-level
character actor is a angry man boss
so no one now what what hey Joe yes he's
basically he is he's basically gentleman
Jay jonah Jameson he is the the angry
reporter man now that now that now Kara
Danvers wants to be a reporter for some
reason it's never been alluded to that
she's ever wanted to be a reporter
before but now she really wants to be a
reporter and so her new boss is angry
man reporter weathered who doesn't who
doesn't trust this new girl and her
peppy optimism she can't be a real
reporter oh it's gonna be great it's
gonna be fucking great I love it
it's kind of funny that Jack didn't like
game thrones but like Supergirl like
Supergirl in the flash is it funny
because they're completely fucking
different shows getting past okay I
found a game of Thrones to be a little
confusing and it didn't have a main
character who I could get behind flash
and Supergirl are simple shows
significantly simpler than Game of
Thrones but I understand what's going on
in every episode so that's a big plus
for me I don't need to you know read
character biographies and synopses just
to understand what's happening simple
Jack exactly Jack likes things simple
let's see here
damn it Fleur King Dermot
I just got Oh gobbledygook says hey guys
I just got back from Reno and one big
putting some money on the Cubbies
do you ever gamble on sports ball no
also please tell Tiberius Kirk sorry
about the Dodgers ha ha that worked that
that worked you're not a Cubs fan right
yeah great great future future future
famous person says at what length of
fella we already read that one we are to
read though on Sean underscore says I
have some problems with motion sickness
with old games and some new games some
of the games you guys have played on
stream made me hide your tab and just
listen yeah that happens sometimes still
an issue here's my prediction what pubs
come they go up to nothing in the World
Series okay and lose four straight yeah
yeah that's my prediction you heard it
here first folks they're gonna go up two
games and they're gonna drop four great
I saw that comment and let me tell you a
story about drunk jack I think we talked
about this earlier Oh God
I saw someone say a comment about that
we've we've had a year free of drunk
jack and drunk jack is the best Jack
alright this is what I work yeah that's
fine I can't make it work
wait you just wait til the next best of
the worst comes out and you'll see
plenty of drunk jack I think I've
explained already that I I was told that
I wasn't going to be on the last episode
of best of the worst and so I started
drinking because you know yeah you know
I'm just watching moves with my friends
I'll get in some I'll get in some some
good some good shots when we watch the
movies and then I'll just hang back so
I'll have some drinks because I usually
don't like to drink when we're shooting
because you know I'm super professional
and stuff mm-hmm and then we get we get
to the actual discussion and and mike
says Jackie doing it and so then I
decided that the bit was going to be
that I'm drunk that's the bit now I'm
going to be so drunk and according to
Jay who's editing the episode you can
see me slowly tilt through the through
the timeline I just because you know
that's what happens I'm really looking
forward to that episode though drunk
jack is best Jack I'm sure I'm having a
couple drinks tonight
I'm having an energy drink then I got a
beer waiting for me
I am super professional and best of the
worst like when the show first started
I'd have a I've had to have it like a
drink here there and then I think I did
one episode where I had a couple drinks
and I didn't feel like it was a good
episode for me mm-hmm
so then in general I just try to you
know maybe have one during the
discussion that not drink too much
during the movie so I remember it I try
to stay clear-headed but not this
episode I went full tilt
Steve Dillon is dead Steve Dillon who
drew preacher yes did you did you hear
about that no what happened I don't I
don't think it was
anything malicious he just he passed
away you'll see yeah I will look it up
Steve down hold on oh that's sad I liked
his hard man Steve still on he worked on
preacher and Punisher oh we did Judge
Dredd you did a lot of things let's see
here what were causes Oh
oh crap how about
wait okay someone in the stream an
unknown causes
yeah it's endless and it's most likely
drugs wake up
wake up like to be able to hide bodies
maybe that's a skill you obtain later I
don't know how it works
drugs or can't yes most the most likely
is drugs or cancer and we're back oh
come on I was in the shadows all right
yeah no no a fish no mention of any
official reason let's see here oh hey
okay uh Anonymous wants to know what you
thought of the Logan trailer that's
great I don't care about Wolverine or
the x-men at all and I want to watch the
movie so it's an effective trailer
and I'm I am an x-men fan I'm a lid I
have a little bit of Wolverine fatigue
just because he is at the center of most
of the x-men movies and why isn't rich
playing Dishonored because I don't play
what you fuckers tell me to play and
insist and insist it insists we're
trying something new I wanted to just
play thief and Jack wanted to do a
fucking Gears of War for review yeah
that derailed my plans you get your
plans now III derailed you for a week
now I play all the thief's you want you
can play more than one game at a time to
go back and forth but yeah it looks neat
I like old man Professor X x-23 s
getting is getting a shot which is nice
I don't I wonder if they're going to
continue with her origin story
x-23 is a clone of Wolverine I'm
familiar with the character them that's
all I know though okay so I guess I'm
not that familiar with the character
okay
so we'll see what her story is all about
but this this seems to be a passing of
the torch movie which would be nice
because I know Hugh Jackman doesn't want
to do them anymore after this
and it has Wolverine putting his claws
into somebody's fucking skull exactly
what else could you ask for the answer
is nothing nope
oh no they can't do the foot claws that
would look that would look terrible on
screen does x-23 have foot claws yeah
that's why she only has two hand claws
is they surgically removed one of her
claws from her hands and inserted in
indoors yeah all right is there a wacky
x-men movie they can do it ever the fuck
they want it probably weird it probably
hard to shoot something like that and
have it not look goofy so my guess is
they will they will forgo the foot claws
foot call yeah so x20 and i'm i don't
know if it was confirmed in the trailer
i guess i'm just assuming that the girl
is x-23 who is a a female clone that's a
lot of resuming huh that is a lot of
presuming i guess i don't know why i
presumed that i just as soon as she was
x-23 is the female clone of wolverine
and they had to fiat use a female
because something about not being able
to replicate his DNA sequence perfectly
or not is some dumb comic book shit or
whatever cuz they wanted to draw a girl
Wolverine is why she's a few yeah confer
oh it does confirm it on IMDB okay great
well then my presumptions were whiten
because as it turns out I'm super smart
what do I think about Marvel sabotaging
the x-men comics because they can't
insert them into the Marvel since it's a
it's a deliberate business strategy
because they're making a lot more money
than they are in the comics with the
movies they're doing the same thing with
fans if they can sabotage it enough
they'll get the rights back because they
don't want to make you know they don't
want to help the competition because
they don't give a shit about comic books
right and they haven't for 20 years
that's not where they're making their
money anymore 15 years right they
haven't cared about comic books since
Iron Man is what I'm saying right and
and if they make more comic books Beit
they're giving their competitors movies
free advert yeah yeah so how I feel
about that and I get like I don't feel
terrible about it mostly because I'm not
reading x-men anything it's a it's a
business decision yeah I know they're
doing the same thing with the Fantastic
Four where they're they're leaving them
alone and they get to do whatever the
fuck they want to do if I was still
reading x-men I would be pissed it sucks
if you're a fan of these things but they
don't care about you because they don't
care about comic books that's not where
their money is your your your support
means jack shit it's made me hate Fox's
x-men movies so the strategy worked yep
then if you stop watching the movies no
you should hate Marvel huh you should
hate Marvel it's not Fox's fault for
it's not Fox's fault for wanting to use
the license that they paid money for
rival made that deal another essentially
stabbing Fox in the back no yes no no
that's what it is easy
that's fucking sleazy its sleazy it's
not illegal but it's sleaze it's well
it's it's not sleazy they're also under
no obligation to continue making those
comics you know but their reasoning is
still sleazy Oh show no man proto man
says it's it's far left over beefcakes
says it's it's fox's fault for making
shitty movies
oh the interesting thing you know I do
like I know because of the success of
Deadpool they are a Logan is gonna be a
rated R Wolverine movie which is
exciting the shooting of Logan what the
fuck is wrong with you assholes maybe
they just came in were we both talked
highly about the Logan trailer and now
we are shitting on Marvel for sabotaging
the x-men books because they can't make
x-men movies Oh be quiet privilege
checker Deadpool was fun
you leave Deadpool out of that but the
Deadpool movie sucked
a zillion million dollars disagrees with
you
does it have like a recharge yeah oh it
would be a lot easier with the mouse I
just don't feel like fucking around sure
it makes no it does make sense to
sabotage because if the comics continued
to be popular they all they're doing is
Fanning the flames for more movies the
The Avengers movie yeah made 800 million
dollars okay or was it a billion I'm
sure they made about a billion dollars
annually the x-men comic book what
probably not that eight hundred thousand
after they pay the artist and for the
printing and shipping and all that shit
may be sure yeah that's our the the the
private loss it's nothing what they make
on the comic books is nothing yeah they
they pay writer number five more than
they make annually on the comic books to
do the fifth rewrite that gets
completely rewritten when they hire the
sixth writer yeah
sure there's lower overhead and lower
risk too but instead of instead of
paying the x-men right this is a
perfectly profitable Lemonade Stand but
also like you can it's a lemonade stand
you could take that money concentrate on
new Marvel IP that you can then turn
into movies because the Marvel movie
business is so coaming yeah why why
right the x-men comic book when you
can't make an x-men movie which is where
you make your profit right you could
concentrate on like the Inhumans comic
and then you that's something you own
the rights to that you can then turn
into a movie or a TV show or whatever
you want and then you make
money in both cases then not only are
you running a lemonade stand but you're
also owning the orchard the lemons are
grown in and you're owning all the
products that the lemonade goes into
afterwards which is where the real money
is
if this metaphor isn't laboured enough
there's always money in the banana stand
absolutely in it well and you know like
a shit like I said I am no longer
reading the x-men comic so like for me
it really doesn't make a difference if I
still read it if my wife still read it
it would probably suck having you know
your storyline your characters well
that's life and life tends to suck yeah
so I'm sorry if you are a fan it makes
it makes sense to me from a business
standpoint Pattinson yep turn up Rich's
mic now what
turn up behind rich that doesn't even
mean anything turn up for what but uh I
get the moral story excited about Logan
ich I like that they're going r-rated it
was always weird to me that the guy who
can you know slice off people's limbs
and stuff was not r-rated but that's
just where it was before it looks like a
fine passing of the torch movie which is
something that all all comic-book movies
will need to deal with the sooner or
later
it's recast legacy characters always
suck always well always well exceptional
by the way this is going to be our first
test because if Hugh Jackman's not doing
them anymore and x-23 is it and there
will be a new Wolverine huh there will
be a new Wolverine will they or will it
down x-23 no she's the new Wolverine now
Cap'n they'll do one movie with her
maybe no they won't actually they won't
you know they know the data wouldn't do
that well and they wouldn't have a new
Wolverine sooner or later anyway
legacy characters always suck the we're
going we're going to get a test this is
going through legacy characters always
something it's going to be fun to watch
the legacy characters always suck
there's no testers so and so takes up
the mental from the character you
actually liked ah fine
I like that Miss Marvel here we're don't
why was great Kamala is great and you
know who no one read before miss Marvel
she's a legacy character who's a good
character she takes up the mantle of
course she takes it up in a completely
different way than Miss Marvel did but
yeah and Miss Marvel still around is
Captain Marvel so I don't know if that
counts exactly but I know people are
gonna disagree with me on that but and
my very liked a legacy character taking
up the mantle but replacing that cab do
you like but some other dick
check out this diggin you big fella
Peter Parker Welch is fucking bad I
don't know like I do think yeah we're
gonna shove some Ben Riley up your ass
you like that shit ya got Ben Riley shit
we'll listen you can't judge all the
legacy characters on Ben Riley he was
the worst no he was the real spider-man
all along it was Peter Parker that was
the clown
r.i.p headphone people yeah and you guys
were just asking me to turn up Rich's
volume so that's what you get and now
you're saying turn them down again you
people you people do right after someone
says turn them up everyone saying turn
them down and there's nothing we can do
there's nothing we can do
spoiler what did I spoil Oh Oh Ben Riley
I'm sorry for spoiling a 40 year old
comic book is that it let's not spoil it
territory at this point I've been Riley
that's that's get up to speed people's
with that right oh can you hit that gong
what I want to know maybe that's how you
distract the guards the new Ghost Rider
turned out to be better than Nicolas
Cage in two films he's turning out
alright agents of shield is turning out
not to suck which is very surprising I
was really prepared for total suckage
after the after the season premiere and
it's turning out that it kinda doesn't
suck it's not great but it kind of
doesn't suck so you know that's a step
up for agents of shields
damnit
but yeah he's alright I wish I wish he
looked better when he was Ghost Rider I
know they don't have a budget for like
really good special effects but it looks
super lame his his skull face and flame
looks super super lame and I know that
special effects are hard to do but you
just looked super babe super bang let's
see here this time it's lupus as hey
rich and Jack as a White Sox fan I'm
definitely hoping that the Cubs win it
everyone else in my family is a Cubs fan
and they deserve to be as happy as I was
in 2005 well then you're a liar the
Chicago is a heavily divided town when
it comes to sports nope not that way
so I actually have to kill all the I'll
wait find the talisman Oh find the
talisman
no wonder well rich has already made his
prediction two wins in a row than four
straight losses for the Cubs yeah I'm
not a betting man on sports so I will
continue not to bet on this even though
rich is an asshole like rooting for the
Cubs cubs playing the north side of
Chicago okay
historically or sturdy typically it's
the snobby side of town the writs of the
rich side it's where the assholes live
who look down on the little people oh
and it's rooting for the Cubs is like
rooting for the bully in the 80s high
school movie oh sure
okay I can't do it I it's so weird to me
you know I grew up there there there
weasels and weasels I grew up here in
Wisconsin and so like for me we have the
State baseball team we have one baseball
team mm-hmm so it's just weird to me
that a one city could have two baseball
teams yeah I don't understand it they
enough city it's big enough right right
but but you know this is the problems
you get when you have too big a city you
get this kind of kind of divided
attention
all sports Jax isn't um I'm talking I'm
not talking about the car talking about
this side of town they play on
stereotypically jag-offs knotty Ridge I
know nothing I know nothing about this
whole this whole Cubs vs. White Sox
thing I got shit for being on the north
side of a town wearing a set white White
Sox hat like what the fuck Gertz the
jerks I'm sorry
and I can't stand by it can't route form
can't stand by it sure ain't gonna
happen it's true people on the north
side of jerks I'm sorry I can't uh I
can't substantiate any of these rumors
we have the Brewers and it never matters
for us because the Brewers never win so
you know we never have to worry about
this type of divisive behaviour as far
as I know I guess they could win I'd
never pay attention b-b-boom mm-hmm
jack says anonymous if you are
interested in a short fairly cheap
adventure non-superhero comic I suggest
a very guy it's an adaptation of a fun
novel I enjoyed and the artwork looks to
be good quality verga thank you
anonymous I will remember that
see if it's on comiXology gotta get to
more commie
alright fuck is wrong with this guy okay
OOP troll
and here and let's see here mr. vendetta
said no rooting for the Cubs is what
separates us from the animals well know
how I feel about animals mm-hmm he
doesn't want to be one he knows he is
one and he doesn't want to be another
one I don't know if I've ever seen the
movie The Outsiders what was the worst
comic book you suffered through for an
extended period of time
I don't know it got uh was it I think it
was uncanny x-men my wife was reading it
and so you know she would we go comic
book shopping and she would get her
x-men comic books and I would get you
know whatever I got I think I was
reading a lot of the ultimate comic
books at that time the ultimate series
and I think I forget it was uncanny
x-men or the regular x-men run where the
art drastically changed and they were
getting into mega mutations like when
what which what the fuck is a mega
mutation bear with me ever feel wish
which was an x-men or uncanny x-men
where beast
turned into a cat monster you brought
you don't never read x-men No
one of the books beast turned into a cat
he was drawn as if he was a pretty
pretty cat and Emma Frost was having a
psychic affair with Scott Summers
because Phoenix was out doing Phoenix
this is probably why I don't read the ex
back that was new x-men maybe as new
x-men who knows apparently I found The
Talisman I guess I just had to kill
everyone
I don't know that wasn't clear great
Iceman was that was new expend all-new
x-men maybe yes that was it it was those
new x-men and they all started wearing
leather outfits like they wore in the
movies and that was some of the worst
like you know story wise some of the art
was okay but a lot a lot of people
looked awful and they started
introducing these new weird characters
who were interesting on their own right
but in with the group they weren't that
interesting and that's where we got the
whole Zorn timeline if anyone remembers
that Zorn the weird he was like a black
hole he had a black hole for a face and
he bore metal mask and then it turned
out it wasn't Sauron it was magneto and
he was still alive and it was the atom
so new x-men was the worst issue or was
the worst comic book that I continued to
read and I only continued to read it
because my wife was getting it and she
was only reading it because of the
momentum from earlier x-men reading
mm-hmm but the beast the whole beast
being a cat thing was so bothered him if
I say
I have a black hole for a face yeah no I
liked a lot of the characters and you
know it got interesting later when we
went like into the future like beak the
awful ugly chicken looking mutant was
great I liked some of those characters
where they were just ugly ugly mutants
so I would read that occasionally and
man I did not I did not like it no I
know like beasts used to just be kind of
a big dude
in the I mean original original he was
just a big dude I think he didn't grass
things with his feet Denis yeah like he
but he was like just strong and a
gymnast and be like but like a
relatively normal looking dude and then
he got all blue and hairy and then he
turned into a goddamn cat oh goes beacon
ugly John and the one with the fairy
wings who didn't really do much she just
had fairy wings and she had beaks baby
and it was an ugly baby it was great it
was great
like an x-men first class ah I don't
remember
wasn't x-men first fast beast was like
suppressing his blueness I don't
remember that movie very oh very well
I'm sorry
older Jack would say that blue beast was
dumb - he just didn't used to he just
isn't used to the cat form they still a
cat I don't know how does that work well
and you know this again the problems the
problems with comic books is this was
just one run of the x-men there were
three other x-men books at the time in
India three other x-men books beast
wasn't a cat and I didn't like him being
a pretty cat so much for stealth kill
yeah
Jack stop please stop talking about
comics no I think people like this shit
I'm gonna talk about what I want to talk
about I read comic books I'm gonna talk
about fucking comic books we're gonna
get onto other shit that we're gonna
talk about later don't worry about it
are you talking about all the shit oh
that's right and in the movie he tried
to cure himself of his mutant gene and
ended up amplifying it and turning into
the blue beast thing I remember real
McCobb yes you should hate Jennifer
Lawrence as mystique I find her to be a
terrible actress and I don't like her as
mystique I don't like her whole thing I
don't like first class was alright Days
of Future past
I think sucked balls I still have not
seen apocalypse I'm probably gonna see
it just more and more so just to hate
watching sorry Jen says so have you two
gotten your Halloween costumes ready I'm
trying to be girl link or Mia Fay
leaning more towards link but I suck at
making stuff for Halloween I'm going to
be rich Evans
bold choice yeah bold choice every year
for Halloween we wear family costumes so
we choose a theme and then you know we
all find a costume to wear within that
theme and I know eventually my boys will
be too old and they won't want to do it
anymore
so I were trying to hold on to that
tradition for as long as possible and
this year they were we were watching a
lot of the tick and so we decided to go
as you know people from the tick and I
was really excited about that I was
gonna be tick going to bathe in this
change this is well that we're getting
there and Parker was gonna be Arthur
Jackson was going to be the terror and
my wife was going to be poodle gun who
appeared in one episode of the tick
who's a superhero that has a gun that
shoots poodles and we started buying
stuff we started putting outfits
together everything is fine until
yesterday yesterday the children decided
that they no longer wants to be
characters from the tick they want to be
characters from Pokemon how original
and usually you disappointed I'm
disappointed because we already started
buying costume stuff for the other thing
yeah and and we had already locked them
into that and so you know the the the
the parenting question for us was do we
lie you know do we do we try to hold on
to this thing that we locked into and
have the kids you know quote-unquote
suffer through it or do we pivot teach
them that you know we can change our
mind last minute but they'll be much
happier on Halloween right we ended up
pivoting and so now I need to find a
Pokemon
to be lizard lizard' yeah I have a lot
of my tick costume left over which
involves a lot of blue obviously so I'm
thinking I might try to be Blastoise I'm
gonna see if I can make a cool big ass
turtle shell with cannons sure why not
but uh but I don't know so we'll see
there's a little disappointing just
because I was really excited to have the
family dressed up as the tick and you
know that's how it's fun we like to take
a lot and that would have been neat
seeing if people recognized that we were
the tick now I wanna take our over to
tick Jack should go as member berries I
don't know what that is
all right so what is this it's out on
the other side of the wall I guess it's
on the other side could be a Snorlax
sure I could go as speaking some kind of
language that I do not understand
Pokemon language ah
yeah I could go as the professor that
would be easy too but I think I want to
be a Pokemon that would make most sense
in within the theme yes right so does
back there some sort of beach people
know the tick a lot of people have fond
memories of the tick sure it'll be fine
it would have been awesome
oh okay there's a door in here that I
didn't notice well great
dad don't go is jinx people will think
here in blackface
exactly I'm gonna be a blast always just
one of those one of those parenting
moments where we had to make a decision
we didn't miss one of the boys wanted to
be a Pokemon the other one still wanted
to be a tech character that would have
been much harder that would have been a
much harder decision I bet you were one
the other way absolutely we would have
we would have said no yeah well because
then they would be three against one you
know here was here was a split even tie
do you do you need a theme
can't everybody just goes what they want
to go on they could but it's fun to go
as a theme so you're so you're a
thorough terian parents we're going as a
group we we all must chose the theme
we're not full authoritarian because we
did pivot but here here was here's my
argument for the theme wrench yeah you
good light you know you go as Ash
Ketchum from Pokemon like that's fine
everyone knows that right if you go as
Ash Ketchum with a group of Pokemon it
enhances the one outfit going as a group
theme enhances the individual outfit you
get just as much candy either way it's
not about the fucking candy I'm a grown
ass it's about it's about I like this
character yeah that is Who I am going
has exactly and I'm trying to make that
the best character so we're giving a
whole group of characters like like our
kid and let's say my siblings wondered
both want to be Pokemon when I'd be
roped into going as a fucking Pokemon or
would I be able to say no I can't stand
that shit well that's you and that's
when you're older and my kids are young
they are malleable and I want to fucking
go as goddamn family I want to be a
family and do stuff like a family
authoritarian rich it's the best set
fair rules and enforce them you know I'm
a grown-ass man I'm gonna I can buy my
own candy it's not about that it's about
dressing up and seeing people watching
people sake are you boy oh cool
all right cool stuff bud oh I will
embarrass Mike children absolutely
they're not quite old enough to be
embarrassed by me yet but I will
embarrass the fuck out of them oh there
you go I am quite sure that when they
are older I will thoroughly thoroughly
embarrass them we're not there yet
though my parents would have never been
caught dead in a costume oh man no I
think that's the fun part that's the fun
part then you know you go is that you go
as a theme and like I said that's right
like you know the the other last year
they wanted we uh we went with a
Superman theme and so you know Park was
Superman
Jackson was Lex Luthor Lisa was
Supergirl and I got to go as bizarro
Superman right which as a costume by
itself people might not have gotten
because it looks very similar to
Superman but because I was with a group
and they could see Superman and Lex
Luthor they got the costume because it
enhances it and whatever you say what
whatever you say Jack be with me rich no
okay oh yeah I know when when they're
teenagers and they bring you know
friends over I'm doing nothing but
playing the poopoo peepee song in the
background absolutely I think that's a
fantastic idea when they wholeheartedly
that is what I mean that's what I'm
gonna do when they're in trouble I'm
going I'm going to make their school
broadcast the poopoo peepee song and say
I'm their dad I'm their dad
I will thoroughly embarrass them as
punishment for their and sometimes just
because I feel like it I know it's true
all the cool people I can cosplay as our
villains well I could probably do a mean
one punch man but I feel like that's a
that's an easy one oh I thought you said
to obscure one punch man from most
people for most people yes usually
people are cosplaying at like comic
conventions so oh but not just like a
Halloween cosplays oh yeah yeah okay
yeah then it's fun then it's fine but I
feel like that's that's an it's a little
too easy for Halloween though I still
think I think it's a more popular what
do you call it anime so yeah Saitama
however you pronounce his real name is
is a popular character
you've heard ghost stories around this
one I am a ghost oh yeah I stuffed the
cloud costume somewhere I have at the
cloud costume anyway let's see here
renegade Kira says hey guys have you
seen the new season of black mirror on
Netflix gotta admit shut up and dance
really got to me especially the ending I
have not seen it I still haven't
finished the first run of black mirror
still you've been spotted
well great hmm I've got the goods I
blame the controller on that you can you
can switch we have we have the mouse and
keyboard just take it take a moment take
it take a moment and what I need more
buttons Jack I need more buttons we'll
get as we will get a controller let's
see here God likes rich you anywhen be
shamed by the lower-class to my son I
can be shamed by the lower-class what
does that mean who can be shamed by the
lower-class to my son heard nearly every
swear word on the day my dad wore a San
Francisco Giants hat to an Oakland
Raiders game it's not even the same
sport also go Niners I don't know
whatever I don't understand what that
means
none of those and I don't give a shit
about swears right so what yeah hey Jack
and rich says come axion 120 love the
show and everything you do what did you
think of the new Logan trailer and will
you please play Dark Souls 3 DLC at
least once thanks LOL smurf my dirk we
really liked the Logan trailer I'm
excited I mean pad for that's not a pan
that's a is NumLock on I just turn it
off okay they go we really like that we
talked about it a little bit maybe
before you got here it looks good I'm
possibly more excited about it than
riches mostly because I'm
of an x-men fan probably not gonna do
the Dark Souls 3d as DLC I wasn't a huge
fan of Dark Souls 3 it was fine I didn't
really get into it moving on moving or
moving the earring do you know what kind
of mouse you have we get asked all the
time about like our set Logitech's
something or other sorry there's so many
gaming mice but I don't and I don't know
if you can see this on camera and this
is what I tell people a lot is for couch
gaming which is you know what we do here
the number pad works great because it
gives you a bigger space to use your
mouse why do they make binding to the
keypad such a pain in the ass I don't
know there's no good reason for it the
stream started one hour and 14 minutes
ago that probably means we should take a
moment and stand up while Ritchie binds
his keys let's do that that's nothing
there's so much space in here so much
space to stand up I look go back here
walking around stand up and walk around
great great yeah great what do you think
of the Madea movies I've never seen a
Madea movie well no I've never seen one
either da movie it's a stupid question
great you're kind of new here why do you
stand up they say that it is good for
you if you stand up at least once an
hour if you're if you find yourself
sitting a lot like if you have an office
job a desk job they say that a sitting
for long periods of time can have a
negative effect on your body and so you
should stand up walk around move your
legs stretch it out at least once an
hour and and it does help it makes me
like if I go a full stream usually we
stream for 3-4 hours and if I go a full
stream without standing up I usually
feel like garbage afterwards
so it's vibrating but uh blood clots can
form in your legs if you sit for too
long that's true so it's just one of
those things where they say that it's
good for you and in general I agree and
I sit down a lot obviously you know I
play video games and edit for work so
I'm sitting down a lot of my day and I
find that standing up really really
helps and it helps for cutting up the
streams for YouTube later absolutely
just go to the point where you see
someone stand up and walk around what I
did what I know about Madea is that
apparently the new Madea movie which is
called boo beats
the new Jack Reacher movie the new Tom
Cruise movie and at the box office last
weekend this weekend it's Sunday so it's
still this weekend my care level is
dangerously low oh sorry
right
I mean it makes sense a holiday-themed
movie performed well during the holiday
season it's in so I don't quite I think
maybe the just the story is that it's a
Tom Cruise movie and I'm a DA movie did
better than a Tom Cruise movie I don't
know great our water is deaf if you like
media grade if you don't like video let
people like Madea I do I care well yeah
I don't think there's any reason to care
I think like I said I think the as far
as like the box office story is it's
just that Tom Cruise movie another
generic Tom Cruise movie oh my god and
it's like the third Jack Reacher right
yeah people don't care nobody talks
about Jack Reacher it's not a shock
right I do hear good things about Cobie
Smulders in that movie and I like that
Cobie Smulders she's a nice lady to look
at and I enjoy her I enjoy her very
limited appearance in the Marvel movies
that she's in so it's worked a lot
better framing I really need my mouse
with buttons sure we will get a mouse we
will get a nice Mouse that can live here
at the studio disable the light barrier
Kolbe smolders jax flames you know
well fuck she's not a bad-looking lady
oh god I don't have my mouse escape
button oh it's terrible it's terrible
jack it's terrible
I'm so sorry I'm so sorry rich uh
gobbledygook rich yeah yeah yeah that
last tip reference to cub snobs picking
on you two cubs snobs picking on you
it's less about me picking on me in
general is it more more just that that
side of town star typically is hard to
root for to me they're there they're the
they're the over dogs cub culture is
sickening to me goats and even though
they've been historic losers they're
always really like arrogant about their
team goats you know goats curls I all
about you shit fuck all of those people
let's say here I get shit from Raiders
fans all the time it's not which side of
the tracks you're on there are assholes
everywhere fine and that's true fine
happy ki rebinding that's and I think
that's but and that's just one of that's
one of those reasons that I never got
into like sports ball is it's just so
arbitrary I'm like I was born here so
this is the team I root for
and series this is too much to get your
stupid I need I need my mouse like
normally I know I normally have like run
and those kind of things bound and it's
all different because I don't have my
mouse so I'm just sticking with us a lot
easier to aim though okay so only if
only we had something better I don't
know jack if only if only there was a
better option
if only there was a better option
speaking of I'm currently looking I'm
currently looking for someone now and if
you know of anyone or if you are this
person I'm looking for someone who can
do technical drawings I'm looking to
prototype something for manufacturing
purposes and I need someone who can do
technical drawings or CAD drawings 3d
drawings if you are that person or if
you know some of someone who is this is
a paid gig and I'm looking for someone
email us prereq at red letter media
dot-com we need someone we need someone
who can do technical drawings or CAD
drawings for super seat you could be
part of super secret project Hornet
project Horeb it's a it's a super
classified super secret project Hornet I
am being absolutely serious technical
drawing or CAD knows how to do a 3d
rendering this is a paid gig I need
someone hashtag project Hornet
I'm not deal man email me some shit that
you've made so I know that you've made
shit email me prereq at red letter media
calm
we need someone who knows how to do this
shit
hashtag project Hornet it's it does
sound really important you know why
because there's a hashtag involved with
it that's how you know something's
important rich if you give it its own
hashtag can I shoot out oh so the email
address again is PR e re C which is pre
req at red letter media comm dot corn
dot know this is serious this business
rich and you just reference project
Hornet in the subject so I know so I
know what you're talking about reference
super secret hashtag project Hornet and
talk to me if you can do technical
drawings or 3d rendering CAD drawings
and stuff like that what video card did
I buy for my PC build I bought a gtx
1070 not a 1080 and it runs great ever
my PC has been performing flawlessly
superseded yes the beefcake has got it
project hatching
yeah I need someone who can do
technically technically I can draw
literally they suck like technical
drawings like this is something for
manufacturing purposes so we need
someone with it with a decent skill
level so what Lego part did you buy to
prop up your video god I didn't buy any
I just have a shit this is I've children
their Legos all over the place and it's
just a wedge Lego piece a 4x2 slope
yes Tiberius Kirk thank you that's
exactly what it is but the the 1070 has
been working great you know mostly I'm
playing overwatch but overwatch looks
fantastic so and runs smoothie Oh
water water water prereq emerge coming
out soon the project Hornet
anything you have like your experience
doesn't matter just or you know like how
long you've been doing it
send me your you know in film we call it
a real I don't know what you are your
portfolio if that I think that's what
artists call it send me your performance
send me stuff that you've made so I know
that you can make stuff I don't care how
long you've been doing it if you can
draw if you can make stuff we will work
with you
okay and now yes I see a lot of you are
asking for richer night to talk about
the Nintendo switch rich yeah it's
exactly what everyone thought it was
gonna be at least exactly what I thought
it was gonna be poor thing
no it's gonna come out no he's gonna buy
it Nintendo dying but they've got
billions of dollars in the kitty and
it's gonna be the same conversation we
had when the Wii U came out I don't know
I think I think I think this is the the
right direction this is the Nintendo
move the Nintendo's been moving in this
is the direction they've been moving in
or this is the death of their handheld
supremacy because cellphones are a thing
mobile gaming is a thing yeah but this
is them like taking mobile gaming to a
more more technical limit right it's
funnier mobile game than they've ever
had before it's if they can get this
mobile game to work then the rest of it
won't work in case you ever need my
assistance okay I am a handheld gamer I
enjoy handheld gaming so I am really
interested in it one of the things that
I did not like about my Vita was I hated
putting it in a bag you know like oh
here I'll put my Vita in my backpack and
take it wherever I'm going because the
screen was exposed and I didn't like
that I'd much prefer traveling with my
DS because it closes and I know my
screens are protected sure you can buy
extra cases and shit but I hate that so
obviously with the switch there is a
giant exposed screen that I'm sure will
be very difficult to replace and that
worries me as someone who is a mobile
gamer and also the tiny
baby sized controllers that people were
using in the little switch video seems
unrealistic to me unrealistic do you
think anyone is really going to use a
controller that is I don't think the
controller small just you get one on
each hand you can just hold your hands
closer
no no they had that little thing where
they were playing like Mario Kart and
each of them only had one of the little
controllers oh they had flipped sideways
and they were using it like a Wii mote
but it's only this it's only like 2
inches why that's fine if you can get a
second controller just normal one height
I so don't care look it's gonna come out
yeah there's gonna be a Mario Kart game
yep there's there's gonna be a 3d Zelda
that's gonna be the 3d Zelda they're
working on for the Riu only they're
gonna delay it and they're gonna put it
out on the new one of course and maybe a
smash maybe here's the other big news
that's what you get that's what you get
for your your $400 Nintendo investment
they they have already they have already
quelled that fire rich yeah yeah they
have put out a list of game publishers
that they are working with including
from software uh-huh for good for making
games for who have committed to making
games for this which I've heard that
I've heard this shit before deja fucking
vu deja fucking go yeah it's interesting
as someone who plays a lot of games and
often has to look this isn't a matter of
cheering me up I'm cynical about
Nintendo's new console and for good
games you're gonna get with no
third-party support and it was the only
every time they'd say yeah no we got the
third-party they're coming at that but
it's coming all right
any minute now yeah I got the third
patty it's gonna happen it's gonna
happen this time that's obviously that's
gonna be the real killer if they can't
get that third-party support they can't
they haven't been able to since this
Ness maybe they've learned maybe they've
what they've learned Jack shit because
their Nintendo and they're stubborn
Nintendo does what Nintendo always does
despite whatever common sense anyone
wants to bring up yeah as as someone who
often has to vie for TV time the idea of
being able to pick up a game that I was
playing on TV on a handheld is exciting
like any console what's gonna make or
break it is games absolutely absolutely
and I agree with that let me let me tell
you how often I pick up my wii u what is
it what is that what does the noon
intend to do that sounds super exciting
dealer I said well it's a handheld
okay and I'm not particularly fond of
handhelds right right I mean not not
above er you know they're not no better
or worse right I like the idea of
playing a game on the TV then picking it
up continuing that game like you gotta
take a dump so you bring up with the end
of the bathroom Wow sure one and then
you know go back to TV I don't know like
maybe I have to go here and I know I'm
gonna wait for a couple minutes and I
want to pick up this game for a couple
more minutes I like that idea I like you
know because I like handheld gaming yeah
you know what I it's almost bedtime but
I'm almost done with this level I maybe
I'll just take the take this up to bed
for a little bit yeah playing bad for
not bad right again it's great going on
uh going on a trip so I can take this
with me on my trip
hanging out a hanging out at the kids uh
piano lesson for an hour and a half all
right now take this with me I'm doing
worse and worse so so that's that's the
big thing for me is I really enjoy a
handheld game and like I love I love my
Vita there's just you know there wasn't
a there's still not a ton of games for
it so being Nintendo hopefully there's
there's some games for being Nintendo
there won't be a big console maybe maybe
maybe I have hope I've hope in my heart
you're foolish you're foolish man that's
true that is also true I have hope and
I'm foolish three our we don't know
anything about the battery life yet in
the past as far as their handhelds are
concerned Nintendo's been pretty solid
as far as battery life oh he doesn't see
you so I'd rather take four fantastic
games than twenty mediocre games
absolutely or you just you know game on
PC where there's 20 years worth of games
you could play pure but you're not a
mobile gamer I like taking a game with
me on the go
up there great the WiiU the tablet
battery is garbage garbage garbage
garbage
I like garbage garbage the tablet
battery is garbage but the pro
controller that battery life is fun I
wonder what the battery life is could it
be on the new Nintendo consoles probably
gonna be garbage what I thought is best
thing since sliced bread they can't do
wrong the switch is gonna be great and
everything's gonna be hunky-dory honky
fucking dari it's gonna be fine yeah
battery life on the DS is good oh well
that's not what I wanted but that's not
what you wanted to happen at all so
we'll see they're trying something and
that's fun wait they are trying
something I had a little tweet about it
and people incredibly misconstrued of
what I meant with my tweet the basics of
it was you know Sony and Microsoft are
currently making their like pro versions
of consoles they already have where
they're hoping to get like marginally
better benchmarks and here's Nintendo
making this very different thing yeah
and so I said you know like Sony and
Microsoft's are are training hard to
shave point zero two seconds off of
their time and Nintendo is playing in
the grass and I meant that as a positive
thing like Nintendo is playing because
remember the it's toys they're these are
games we play and I that I meant that as
a compliment to Nintendo they can't get
people to make games for the fuckin
thing it doesn't matter exactly I'm with
you they may games they make 5 every 10
years yep
yes the via whatever that's worth that
Sony and Microsoft's are chasing the FPS
dragon I absolutely agree now fuck off
oh that worked so who would thanks
Susan's period yes I like the new
background for the stream as well I
think this looks dope is there a reason
why other companies would refuse to make
games for it a low user base
significantly different enough hardware
they can't port it over from the Xbox of
ps4 which are widely established I think
that's the the bigger problem is is just
getting the game to work on different
hardware and Nintendo has historically
been not helpful with third parties
whereas you know Sony has their kind of
in-house team that helps look under he
looked very surprised to see you there
and I like that you know usually don't
expect the guy to teleport right
yeah the blue boys I got your tip we're
still talking about the switch stuff
we're talking about what we're gonna
talk about in fucking deal with it bitch
bitch-ass Punk I got even more
inappropriate so yeah it's the hardware
is difficult to make games for and
Nintendo is not very helpful with
developers porting stuff over oh fuck
two of them really it's quite possible
they will learn their lesson though
unlikely I'm very honest I write I
finished that sentence correctly it is
possible though unlikely that Nintendo
will learn their lesson
the big question I have is what this
means for the D S at the end the end
right that what we assume it means the
end for the D s we don't know and like
does that mean and in you know all the S
games are just gone forever you know in
the wind where do you go to send me
Mass Effect Andromeda you you take the
$60 yep and then you give it to like a
Children's Hospital or some gonna like
Cancer Research Society sure that would
be good and then that gives me Mass
Effect Andromeda
I would I would recommend let's see here
that's a good one how about how about
the Ronald McDonald House right I
McDonald children's that what do they do
they they provide its its hospital for
sure for long care patient Amanda sure
to them sure that sounds great the
Ronald McDonald Charities lot long-term
hospital care for children and their
families never see a bill that's a great
charity to give to
okay let's see here yeah there's a
switch open yep sorry Ken yep we just
talked about the switch a bunch blue
blaze says I can't afford or care to
make a new costume for this year so
which costume should I reuse tf2
engineer or Rick from Rick and Morty
yeah Rick and Riaan Rick and Morty tf2
is old news baby they go also I should
be sock from Pokemon okay TC bri brady
133 what do you think about donald
glover being Lando Calrissian yes sure
whatever did you want have you ever seen
Parks and Rec no do you know who Donald
never is oh wait no Danny Glover is
Donald Glover know is that his kid or
something no no it is not
no I do not know and you did not watch
Parks and Rec do you know who childish
gambino is no that sounds like a mobster
name that is that is Donald Glover
rapper name he's also a rapper he'd be
terrible I think it's I think it's very
fitting he will do a fine land he will
be a fine young land oh he was announced
as young Lando in the Han Solo origins
movie or whatever he's gonna be fine
oh sorry you're right community not
Parks and Rec I got my I got my this is
all very interesting do you know did you
watch community no okay he's in
community not Parks and Rec many
apologies to the die-hard community fans
and the die-hard Parks and Rec fans I
know there's all of you o unfitted in my
ignorance no I just talk I just talk and
sometimes I don't remember things so I
need another scroll thingy oh that's
right he was also in Derek Derek
comedy he got his start in YouTube
comedy in a YouTube County channel
people are very excited because he is a
he's a nerd he is an outspoken nerd and
he's a nerd in a nerd thing it was it's
very akin to like when Simon Pegg got in
the new Star Trek movie you know okay so
he's a well-known nerd and now he's in a
nerd thing and people are excited about
the nerd being in the nerd thing okay so
shut everyone up in here so he was
pretty good in the Martian - that's true
have you seen the Martian no okay like I
said I rented right but he's good like I
think he's funny and fuck off hopefully
he'll do a good job is a young lendo I'm
sure he'll be great they'll be great you
heard of here first rich says he'll be
great gobbledygook says does prereq
review any popular mobile specific games
no now it seems like you've already
inundated with more than enough PC
console reviews mobile VR switch yeah
you know I don't because I don't give a
shit about mobile games or apples to
riches oranges rich doesn't like mobile
games to be technically accurate I don't
give a shit about mobile games right
they go I like I'm I play them sometimes
it's like for a lot of them oh it's hard
to until I do reviews of because many
you know most of many mobile games are
meant to kind of be played for short
bursts over a long period of time so
it's hard to get a real grasp on them a
lot of them are free so like to me a
free game like who cares download it and
and check for yourself like I'd never
want to like spend time and make a video
and do it I like a review of the dualist
even though it's a game I really enjoy
because it's free so I could only
imagine that if anyone really wanted to
try do a list they would just download
it and try it because it's a free
fucking game you know right
what do you do while you're pooping read
the back of shampoo bottles I have
tablet in the bathroom and this is game
called two zero four eight okay yeah and
it's my new Tetris that's yeah that's a
good game
fine fine mobile game I either read or
or play that's you that's where I get
the majority of my Pokemon time in in
the bathroom
20:48 yeah it's fine miss fine game fine
game even familiar with it yeah that's
where you got to match the numbers right
yeah yeah I played it it's free played
it a little bit it's my jam it's Rich's
jams dude 20:48 ripped off threes I'd be
upset about that if I knew what Three's
was great
noted mobile game enthusiast rich Evan
endorses 2048 absolutely absolutely Oh
more trouble honest fighter worth that's
classic stealth yeah who can be bothered
they're saying Three's is better than
2048 if you act like you're interest all
right all right it's better rich it's
more better er nerds nerds what a bunch
of nerds we got a bunch of nerds for 4
viewers rich what are we gonna do about
that sneak you're gonna sneak cool cool
hey did you hear about Tim Miller and
Deadpool you've never you still haven't
seen dis lousy double Ted Miller woohoo
you know Tim Miller is no Tim Miller is
the man who directed Deadpool oh my god
first of all write in more nerd news Tim
Miller is no longer directing Deadpool -
okay over creative differences with Ryan
Reynolds really yes according to sources
it's an amicable split yeah and of
course he's still going to direct movies
for Fox because
he made a bajillion dollars with
Deadpool I wonder what the creative
difference was who knows well Ryan
Reynolds and Tim Miller right man
yeah but you know not only is Reynolds
the star but he's also the producer so
he's paying for the movie
yeah so obviously Ryan Reynolds gets to
make whatever the fucking call he wants
to make not only is he the face he's the
money limited uses on those so I don't
think I want to use that right you have
limited use I think am I wrong about
that I don't know in the same wagon I
don't see any kind of meat or like thing
so I'm suing I'm okay the beers Kirk is
saying Tim Miller wanted a more
stylistic Deadpool - and wanted an actor
for cable that Ryan Reynolds didn't want
hmm
yeah okay so apparently this cable
casting was it was a big deal what guys
are is getting rid of Tim Miller it's
you know that's got it that's such a
tough call because you know not only
well you know that was similar huge in
you know just directing the first movie
but it was also it was Tim Miller what
sorry I will get my thoughts together
Tim Miller was the one that
quote-unquote leaked the fight scene
footage yeah that got the internet all
in a hubbub about Deadpool in the first
place fuck so he played a big part in
the success of Deadpool
where are you
but it's the the the Deadpool has always
been Ryan Reynolds's baby and he gets to
treat that baby however he wants cuz
he's paying for it no Ryan run first of
all Ryan Reynolds has always had a Mego
so I doubt it
I doubt it has run amuck now sumbitch
but we'll see we'll see it it could be
that Deadpool 2 sucks major balls and we
will know exactly why
what
that's creepy do you get the Amber
Alerts on your phone no again
Milwaukee Wisconsin Amber Alert green
Kia Soul SUV let's see here license 666
x UK so if you're in Milwaukee obviously
you're here you're watching a stream now
666 s UK is this a joke no no there's no
joke
that sounds like a joke license plate
yeah yeah that does sound like a joke
license plate anyway that message just
popped up on my phone and I hadn't seen
one of those alerts in a while so I was
very timid not not su ke x UK 666 x UK
green kia still SUV
crazy people get crazy license plates
yep yep they do but I got it send it out
to you obviously like I'm not out and
about so I can't spot it but if you guys
are out and about in Milwaukee maybe you
can well because I fell off a ledge no
I'm sorry rich Vanel says zach is wack
thanks for recommending Vanquish so
often oh no problem
dropped it funny you bring that up weird
it's weird that you talk about Vanquish
tried it again recently much better
experience this time solid action game
pc port that's my amber alert rich just
got it that's creepy I guess we I mean
we are in Milwaukee this talks to you
that's weird
Wow yours talks to you I guess my
phone's on silent
so I don't know if it tried to talk to
me there you go don't you feel bad if
you hear about shit like that it does it
does but you know what I bet it helps
getting all those eyes out there you
know dime
that's fancy yeah oh yeah we're a solid
action getting PC port when I need those
60 frames per second plus rebind able
controls yes really yes we should get a
hashtag started for for bringing it back
hashtag hashtag vanquish we might them
yeah yeah I'm trying to remember what it
is so long ago
rich and I shot an episode today and we
may have brought up vanquished bring o
bring vanquish to PC goddammit hash tag
bring vanquish to PC goddammit that was
the hashtag and just this guy you know
says I'm guessing you're not watching
but are you guys
