Going down the Downwell
March 16, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=afj5hpzYuWE

boom boom we're gonna play it down well
it's gonna be great we can jibber over
it it's gonna be great
this is game 201 bit last minute so I
wouldn't recommend it now but which
probably should do Dark Souls sometime
more like you know actual real like try
to play the battles you undo one or two
what ones the one you yeah okay ones the
one everyone says is good I think twos
got a lot of detractors too does have a
lot of detractors okay we will get now
that we are more well-versed in from
software shenanigans yeah
oh my god it's done downloading oh my
god Oh in my bag is the easy controller
oh oh hey we can play with the
controller I love controllers I know you
do
great we should give Dark Souls another
try it's been enough time it's been a my
I'll get around with lists I haven't
been pooh-poohing it so to speak
perhaps right before the hold on I need
to put away my Pokemon machine yeah I'm
sorry Pokemon machine this looks deep
yeah yeah
cuz imma lubes he's on yours have we
ever been trapped down a while I don't
what was her name Jessica something baby
Jessica oh my god
and that's not what's happening anymore
yes this is Dark Souls for the Gameboy
Oh someone speaking of darts speaking of
Dark Souls someone recently had me look
into a game that is is being advertised
as the 2d Dark Souls okay really big
monsters hard as hell and it is called
it's it's out for the ps4 and it is cold
really you're not gonna tell me what
it's covered I don't remember it anymore
rich I have a fucking terrible memory do
you know that about me yeah oh are
Miller what was it called salt and
sanctuary thank you
salt and sanctuary I did purchase it
because it looked right up my alley and
but it's on my P it's on the ps4 and I
did not bring the ps4 oh it's on you see
it's not on the PC oh my god oh my god
this is great look at him flip around
shit Wow visual style party forgot name
salt and sanctuary salt and sanctuary
being billed as the 2d Dark Souls
that was great guys we got hurt no great
all right try try some of the buttons I
think this is lazy the supposed to come
out of your butt check you're not using
your butt laser oh I get it
oh shit I do have to get good
I have to officially strategy to fight
or just to I think you're just looking
to get the furthest
oh but if you fight you can get help
back
terrible I did it terrible one point one
cleared oh oh hold on
getting gems recharge his gun boots that
could be good gun boots no it's a butt
blast the blast rich thank you
would it upset from the front to back
are you feeling that get it back but it
moves that oh and you can move us back
over there great so now it looks like
we're looking at the game yeah great
them down well okay rich important
question yeah getting Jim's recharge gun
boots liftoff Oh
so there's roguelike elements there's uh
there's upgrades or blocks we'll shoot
bullets when destroyed always looks out
to no go rocket jump I don't know what's
up sup do you know the health is a
concern hold it down what happens
yeah yeah and I'm unimpressed I think we
I think I made the wrong choice check
yeah you're probably right
we probably wanted um gems retard rocket
please rocket boots are health rocket
boots I don't know if anything recharges
help all these things are still gonna
help recharge at some point
it's got a second backup that we're
gonna fucking my help so does that
bubble pop you decide oh you don't want
to check it out I'm falling down a well
rich you're jumping down a well there's
a big difference between falling down a
well and jumping down a well Touche I'm
at a gem high apparently yeah oh that
was just one point one again Jim
attractor knife and fork consumed dead
bodies to gain health yes bullet casings
deal damage consume dead bodies again
health always
and I think you're gonna have one dead
body to get help from how do I consume
dead bodies uh-huh maybe that counts the
dead body off of the right what does one
what
so there's only basic there's just one
button yeah and you can hold it down to
continuously shoes there is one button
go yeah ain't so easy is it
I want to say there's an iOS port of
this I have no idea how you would
control it oh okay well not be yeah I
got an uh fee yeah I got an app an
upgrade sure I'm doing like machine-gun
fire now oh sure and this turtles are
invulnerable noted noting nippy right
Eric great you can jump on enemies but
does it hurt you
liftoff it is when you you can like jump
off of things
higher
so you have to jump on the turtles you
can't shoot him back
oh it's a shop there's a little shop
sign on the bubble shop sign alright
great
I do bet they wanted to call this like
diarrhea the game when you're falling
down a well and your butt feels like
hell diarrhea shred jumping on the turbo
oK you've done it
try jumping on that thing when it comes
back out
oh all right okay gem hi so hard
fuck you whoa that's what we call
bullshit oh good thing I cleared that
frog wart was six combo rich yeah you
did it so I think actually that's our
problem is we're using the the but
blasts laser - OH
oh shit what happened that I didn't like
it isn't what I is what this is how can
this be an iOS game how are this control
I'm very curious about this I am very
curious about this um did we go down the
well yet no doctor XR not yet I hate the
butt thing I mean the laser thing I can
only get to know I think we're using I
think we're relying on that too much I
think we got to jump on enemies except
for of course the ones we can't jump on
that depth up there what they're stoned
on Chet cool why does this game this
game is down well down well currently
this game is one dollar and fifty cents
on Steam worth dollar and fifty cents
and say that oh yeah you just get a
shotgun yep a shotgun this is definitely
you know worth it over there's poop in
my soup
oh oh yeah he'll as much HP as he can
nice to poor oh don't to care take care
do it he gets a little frowny face yeah
yeah that's cute you know that's cute
shotgun specialist I miss my machine bud
yeah yeah even over even with a shotgun
but you're a shotgun button laser
take laser over shotgun well I also came
with help oh well there you go there's
that all right I think
cool alright alright understanding what
do we got here
popping Jim okay so getting Jim's causes
bullets to shoot up stomping on enemies
causes a blast shooting dead bodies
causes them to explode beep boop I'm a
drone so you get a little helper yeah
we'll find out okay yeah I'll be John he
shoots when you shoot
definitely oh shit bullshit what the red
guys that damage ID sir it's just
bullshit
damn you can't afford anything
oh all rich oh I get I get one to go you
get three I see how this works
yeah I'm gonna you I was testing it I
know Johnny I don't use the beta I don't
care
start to belly which one was that
oh yeah that's so that's the Harvest
Moon one hmm sound the list
no there's one I have to write down that
insulting to something Sultan's
sanctuary I need a pen right now so I
can actually do this I am curious about
stardew valley I know you are Mike I
always forget about it after the stream
always every single time
well get on it go on the bubble wasn't
the bubble like the idea I got new key I
can't I can't new be rich all about the
new P oh yeah I just wanted I want to do
I want to do it strategically kill those
enemies
ah nope you're not doing great it
strategically killing those Saturdays
Jack I gotta say I've noticed that can
you jumping
no no yeah that wasn't so quick I don't
I'm not really I wasn't really upset
can you jump under what how much just
are do Valley and where can it be found
you can get on Steam
I know that much you can get on Steam
it's like the it's like the earlier
Harvest Moon I'm totally on board the
newer ones just got terrible I've heard
I've heard nothing but good things it is
the 3d did not do good things for the
series it is the the envy super hot
indie game of the moment rich you say
that about every indie game we play
we've been playing some super hot indie
games the chat will corrupt me to be
fair super hot was literally called
super hot that's right Dan mullet and
when we played it let's be oh you'll
find out when you grab it won't you okay
burst the chat will corroborate with the
stardew valley being this super hot
indie game of the moment chat
corroborating do it
fucking corroborate
fuck you I fell for the Frog to rich
yeah sure I'll go get ya you gotta watch
out for those fucking bats though the
bats are nasty that's a smart move I'm
running away from you bet
alright what you got what you got stomp
on enemies causes a blast I kind of like
that and bullets casing now we'll try
this one stop it on enemies
fuck you
I'm using I'm using the corporate funds
to buy started Valley okay and possibly
the other one salt and salt Alton's
spacedust
salt and of the worst name ever yes salt
and sanctuary okay I have used prereq
friends device health and sanctuary so
you feel free to do the same apparently
the thing I don't think red you can step
on Oh a red one yeah yeah I'm weird
broforce is over I know everyone says
broforce broforce broforce that is not
the super hot indie game at the moment
did they corroborate that start do bad I
missed it if they did I didn't see that
specifically by all the games I know we
need to buy all the games and play all
the games but we can't we cannot buy and
play all the games
broforce is so 2015
this game I might buy when I get home
actually I want to look up why not it's
a buck oh no oh it's a it's a mummy it's
a buck fifty oh these are the edge model
no that's adorable
laser no major laser
whoa
sounds like Jack could use some salt and
sanctuary right with GDC going on I'm
sure there will be new indie games yeah
I mean they're gonna gain is that like
total
it says game no I don't know Jim hi last
for a duration longer sucky yeah well
what if I won point up by one that's
pretty good
take it take it
oh I'm sure I'm sure everyone is looking
at and getting super hyped about the
next AHA super hot indie title right now
it's it's still sturdy valium that's it
that's super hotness one extra charge
two extra charge heels two chairs charge
when I'm sure sure well then why don't
see extra charges where's the extra
charge and you're in your charge meter
you had eight before I did yeah all
right I'm liking this
I know gobbledygook so we get gifted a
lot of games and sometimes we can't play
them all gobbledygook gifted us broforce
back when it was the super hot in DEET I
don't know yeah that happens that
happens did everyone hear about Crytek
Crytek engine going free do you hear
about that no yeah Crytek has followed
suit with like unity and and other game
engines having a free market they pay
what you want to use their engine to
make your game and such
people thought people people in the
industry thought it was coming and fuck
and overall it's a good call or you know
make game development easier for more
people and then they get locked into
using your engine
I hate those bats jet packs for use one
out of charge on your state of
invincibility
Hey all right I'm done with a jet pack
I'm broforce looks cute cool like you
know it's basically like a modern take
on contra with with references to old
action movie stars it's there's a lot of
stuff in there that we probably like
it's broforce on the the prereq account
where was it given I have no it's
somewhere it's either in my Steam the
prereq account or your steam and I think
it's free actually it is it's free for
PS plus members yeah for PlayStation 4
at the moment I think you are a PS Plus
member aren't you
fuck you red thing
Hieu red thing well that's what it is
Oh bullshit bullshit bullshit oh we're
almost at a progress bar that'll do
something
if you want to gift us games because our
our I'm assuming your sister your
friends list is full yep
as is mine you can you again if you want
to give just something on Steam the
email is I always forget it
really previously recorded what's not
know prereq rewrite didn't used to be
pretty super nuts
well we had a gmail account doesn't I
keep the into the gmail account
yay so it is prereq at red letter media
calm okay and if you would like to gift
us a game you can send it puncher haha
rich isn't good at games that's true
like I fucking pulled off an FTL no
pause run like like like two nights ago
what what what what do you fucking want
out of me you monsters maybe they want
you to get good you ever think about
that I think an FTL no pause run this
would I'm normal not hard but not easy
are you kidding I can still like barely
beat the game uneasy you doing a no
pause run on normal is pretty impressive
one one cleared popping gyms get gyms
because they bullet to shoot up a pretty
balloon doing a pause run the
blindfolded and on fire like all on fire
or just part of them on fire Nicole I
really it's just kind of meaningless if
it's not I think I think that did you
have a balloon I did I had a pretty
balloon and then when I got hit it pops
oh yeah I feel actually really bad fuck
you bat rich which team is the head du
jour I don't I don't know what the fuck
that means
the hat of the day oh this is one of my
thunder bolt hats I wear them I wear
them all the time
the WC logo for Windy City the Windy
City Thunderbolts who were not in
Chicago they were the suburbs didn't
stop rich red that but not my ex common
question like I I'm looking at like
obeisance hop and then I got a little
bit of chat at the bottom and things
scroll and I miss them Tiberius what
what was your ex comp question taught me
hotter
rich answers all XCOM questions all the
time
frequently I skip them if they're dumb
boom boom XCOM one
what's my standard squad makeup um III
avoid supports for the most part I avoid
them avoid supports early because
healing it's not worth it early you you
frequently die in one damn head spent
you on the harder difficulties
especially so I don't think it's you
know I don't think they're worth it
earlier I know everyone loves snipers
and snipers are a great class but I
prefer to be a bit more mobile so I
never have more than one sniper I
usually have one two heavies two
assaults two heavies to a salt a sniper
and then if I have you know the sixth
one open I'm thinking early game a heavy
or artisanal whatever third one you can
shove in there but I I I play I play
XCOM fairly aggressively I don't I don't
care about healing that much things
should be dead before they can shoot at
you too much it ideally and XCOM
a fully upgraded sniper is essential a
fully upgraded sniper is a luxury I
don't know that it's essential all right
I'm forgetting about mix the ideal the
ideal squad set up two salts one of them
is a glass cannon the other one's kind
of a tank then two heavies one one
sniper and then one mech who is
converted from a colonel sniper because
mech with that glorious colonel sniper
aim is a fucking killing machine so MEK
MEK from a converted sniper from a
colonel sniper
that's ideal rich I've made it to
something called the catacombs oh god
there's spikes there are spikes
where's Phoenix Phoenix there's spikes
eat it ghost you can jump on ghosts
nothing makes sense and by glass cannon
just just to make sure there's no
confusion
I mean offensively SPECT not worried
about the defense the assault class has
a lot of you know do you go with the +20
defense and cover or +32 crit you know
like that kind of that kind of thing
uh-huh so I have I have one one assault
whose job is to murder giant things so
when when the when the sect Oh pod you
know jumps up and tries to kill your
troops you just you shove that glass
cannon us all right let's face and
murder it we got arm spin style rich
nice arm spin style rapid-fire and and
and heavy crit chance --is will murder
MEK tides mech tides you know the SEC
turns a little put one of them like a
ridiculous mech suit it's so good but
it's still got the sectoid head some
armor stuff around it but he's in this
giant bulking the body that's great oh
they're awesome switch to arm spin style
why cuz look at it you can switch to it
it looks goofy
we got the cookie boy I'm gonna look
this up on the iOS on the App Store see
it is an app the term glass cannon means
you're fragile but you have the
firepower oh I thought it was literally
a cannon no charge no no no I mean
you're fragile you would shatter if you
get hit oh but you have a very big gun
okay well there you go down well I
thought it was on the iOS it's by the
way you buy this up for an app on your
phone it's three bucks three bucks
how do you play it poorly because this
doesn't seem like it would work well as
a phone app but this was like you know
it's easy cuz you just tap on the screen
and that's what shoots down right but
how do you control yourself I don't know
that's what I'm wondering
don't don't forget forget I'm done I'm
just gonna die just die
oh you it has virtual controls like
virtual button see that that's stupid oh
that's the worst why would you ever do
that
never ever if you if you are someone who
designs games for the phone never ever
make virtual buttons that's the worst
idea
well you don't what to do I'm telling
them that's the worst idea because I'm
an American goddammit oh so you're an
asshole yeah after you want one you know
I am too fucking damn rotten dafuq damn
me yeah I am whoo it could have fucked
oh you missed the tag mr. bubble
oh fuck you back fuck you bet it's like
it's great how all of the enemies danger
zone is on their bottom where it makes
like the uncontrolled fall a really
scary thing because the enemies can get
you
keke keke do hey by the way chat thanks
for whoever suggested this this is a
neat game I remember hearing about this
game when it first came out but you know
you slipped it slipped past because
there's so many games at any given point
I do remember hearing positive things
about it when I came out well deserved
positive things this is fun it's a fun
buck-and-a-half right here
hmm bullets to shoot up could be a
really yam could be really useful yeah
as you know we just mentioned enemies
getting above you is the real friend
boom boom rich just paid off you couple
that with the upgrade that like makes
the gems come to you
yeah yourself you got yourself some
synergy some thinking Jack ice I'm
thinking I like that I like that you
know I like to I like to save my
strategy for games like this like XCOM
oh just go whatever is a shoot thing
yeah shoot things but here it's like no
let's let's slow down and think about
falling down a well I do also love that
it pauses when you go in
it's courteous that's what it's
courteous it's good I guess that's the
way of putting it
bird bird bird bad
that's totally a bad probably a bad I'm
gonna call it a bird can call everyone
it's a free freak out damn country
that's right cuz it's a fucking America
and I'm an American boom deal with it
deal with it murder turtle that's what I
went with - and did your mother turtle
Oh mutt murder to murder the turtle I'm
in the game no game it up talking this
hard don't worry I got I got you covered
oh fuck fuck your nutsack not no no
don't this chat fuck my nutsack gain 180
HP which is huge yeah
boom
being pletely Berber I talk about how
much I hate bats all we've talked about
fucking nutsacks if that if that has if
you're wondering if that came up cuz
that came up I'm decidedly anti fucking
nut sacks you seem to be kind of pro
fucking nut sack yes so you know all
right apparently I'm not fast enough on
the shot no keep the turtles to port the
fucking bats only finds gun modules
I don't know that means an shot outta
nowhere
where the arms spinning oh when you walk
when you run now I thought I thought the
arms would be spinning well Falls yeah
that's kind of why I got this one so I
feel a little deceived but triple triple
fresh boom
I mean if I had a single before so I'll
take a triple something that has less
range I find with newbie movies fine
Ruby I'm a newbie fan
first oh fuck I hate bursts by the way
burst is terrible yeah yeah so it's like
contra where some of them are just shit
yep and you never want them and you
accidentally fall into one yep recharges
boots gems charges boots that's the one
you know bullet casings look at the
bullet casings that might not be a
terrible one I had it last time and it
is not a terrible one triple-triple
table I I'm kind of liking gems recharge
because that if when enemies are around
like that's like constant rate of fire
let's get a shit more of fire what's
interesting about this now how many
shoot-'em-ups do you go down you know
not many rich good good call good on you
good on you
just standard machine gun Oh check
fuck you frog you walk right into that
thing I can do that no I think I walked
round with you bet yeah I'm arm spin
style by the way so you might want to
style select you might want a style
select you the motherfucker wake up wake
up fart bar
by the way you know what I have not I
have not fired up Smash Brothers really
I haven't fired up the Wii U I see like
I'm sure this question got asked a while
ago I have not fired up the Wii U and
quite some time for me
that is now the kids have taken it over
you know sometimes we don't we don't
allow like a ton of screen time but
usually when we do it's they're all
about lego dimensions the money farming
game the money farming game yeah we cave
but I can get up no I can't have I camp
so I have not fired up the Wii in quite
some time which is I mean really it's
been fine because I've been playing
other games it's it's it kills enemies
very well but it doesn't like it's hard
to navigate with them you know you guys
bounce off enemies heads and chaining
together without touching the ground for
upgrades use the gun to try to stay
aloft between each bounce oh that's
right you did get that chain that one
time I'll change it now
that was a short one thanks that was a
short one
they tried playing splatoon Ernie
Schmitz just probably a little too old
for him missed it oh just till the
youngins
whoa nice recover I really thought that
frog was gonna be the end of you
hope you check out Zelda you though
eventually oh yeah absolutely I mean
first yeah of course has there ain't
been any more announcements on it no
supposed a good look like crap see much
no based off of the despite my zelda
fatigue like like Skyward Sword which is
bad what little they showed maybe like
oh it was good if they they could be
like what are they like promising thing
more nonlinear stuff right they could
pull it off that well that was the they
implied more nonlinear stuff I don't
know if it problem I got them fair
enough Jack are there games where your
kids are better than you consistently um
no not yet they're not old enough you
know they're just not old enough yet I'm
sure there will be a time I'm very sure
what's the strangest modern kids show
that you've been forced to watch or do
kid there's a lot like there's a lot of
bad ones there's a lot of crap but the
many that I really enjoy like those
there's a Teen Titans go on that Cartoon
Network and I really like that that's a
fun show the Teen Titans go gumball if
you guys ever seen gumball that's a
really weird one like not only is is
like the comedy really offbeat but they
mix up the art style where there's like
3d animated backgrounds and some 2d
animated backgrounds and it's it's it's
just kind of messed up there's even like
some and then mix it up with like
puppetry gumball is really weird
liking Dumbo yeah I feel I don't want to
hand the controller over to Jack we're
just a good sign yeah like we can play
in Virtual Boy why would you ever want
to do that these are the different
styles so down-well style matka aqua
let's try it Game Boy your honor
oh the Game Boy is something I have zero
nostalgia for me the only Classic Game
Boy sure the advance was good the
advance was like giving 2d sniffs types
stuff a second life Oh God by the way
it's good it's just gray they're
attacking sighs this is the worst idea
you know I have a lot of love for the
original Game Boy the the old ugly-ass
Game Boy mostly just because there I had
so much time playing it Tetris
the adventure brother Susan is good boss
um I'm just gonna binge watching so I
don't know yet is it done is the season
has the season aired oh god this is the
worst idea I can't see any of the gems
Chad's eyes are already hurting yeah no
mine too and I'm very sorry but restart
change that shit yeah oh here oh I can
change the palette yeah okay great
was the first horror movie or any movie
you saw that gave you nightmares as a
kid I don't know about nightmares
specifically but the first horror movie
to ever really truly freak me out
would be night a living dead the concept
is so horrific yeah
I'm with you like like even with like
Jason just stay the fuck away from
Crystal Lake go go somewhere else get in
your car and get the fuck out of there
oh I don't want monsters you could run
from the end of Living Dead you know
where to run they're fucking everywhere
you are fucked yeah yeah there's like
months I couldn't go to bed until I made
sure every door was like I knew it was
insane really yeah but I had to make
sure every door was locked and like my
house not just the door of my room but
the door to my room too
sure no you know I never had a movie
really fucked me up like that
I've always had a pretty firm grasp of
like fake versus reality and whatnot
when I was young for whatever reason I
thought with my renowned street lady be
fine as long as you weren't on Elm
Street
these fuckers move off of Elm Street
Hotel
no wonder if Freddie wants and oh ah
fuck
did we ever find out how to consume dead
bodies
I think the dead bodies are those those
decorative things you see I don't think
they're the enemies of corpse the
corpses of enemies I think that's the
mistake we're writing oh no they are so
do you see that little meter underneath
my Oh four-eyed I picked up a corpse and
I got one
what do you mean I like the corpse like
one of those things that you just those
lumpy guys not like I killed an enemy
and I saw its corpse fall okay and then
I had then I landed on okay all right
here take that back
Lou wake up you fuck
wake up did we ever find out how to
consume dead bodies yep the things you
find yourself being quoted saying huzzah
I was talking about the game but you
know cannibalism in general up for
debate is fine if they're already dead
it's fine no really
meat Smith
yeah did you ever watch any shows as a
child that your parents hated I'm I mean
I'm sure not now that I'm a parent and I
watched some of like the dumbass shows
that my kids watch it's like how the
fuck man I'm sure my parents wouldn't
have cared for GI Joe or something but
if we're talking about it's like content
that's inappropriate never came up yeah
oh yeah you've said that before you you
watched a bunch of inappropriate stuff
like every once in a while I come across
the show there's a couple like Netflix
originals that the boys loved and I
fucking cannot stand just because
they're they're so poorly written like
it's like I know I know their kid shows
but they're just so poorly written that
I can't even that I can't even like you
know what Bionicles are like Lego big
Lego guys for people who don't know
there's a like Netflix original Bionicle
show and the boys love Legos and
Bionicles and so they watch this show
and it's just um and it looks ugly and
everything about it sucks but they love
it so they watch it all the goddamn time
there's this new Batman show that just
came to Netflix the Batman yeah
CGI one not the CGI one you know
half-hour animated show called the
Batman okay it's the one with the Joker
oh where he was horrible where he was
hot where he looks like a roided up like
dreadlock Joker I think that guy won an
Emmy and Mark Hamill did not what yep
the show is awful
the show is just awful
and the art style is ugly as fuck I just
sound like we were just watching the mr.
Frese episode and it's just ugly and I
hate it and I hate it I hate it but you
know they they love it cuz they they
just love anything Batman they have no
they have no like concern over like
what's good or bad Batman not
discriminating they're not
discriminating but it's just it's just a
Batman The Brave and the bold was a fun
show that was a throne it was a nod to
campy Batman and classic comics that's
fine know that I love that they would
just find obscure classic comic book yep
I know Batman braving the bold I will
defend as a lot of fun
remember that outfit Booster Gold wore
the 70s you know that was also just
remember Booster Gold but the Batman was
Booster Gold even around in the 70s so
I'm just making a point
not oh I have no idea I didn't even know
Booster Gold was a character until
braving the bowl ah oh wait I got the
corpse you think dress yes hashtag
dreadlocks Joker shaming 100% yeah no
that's terrible hundred-percent terrible
Joker we shuffle it so like if you get a
laser gun module you can shoot it and
it'll turn into a different gun module
what if I like the one who was and I
don't want to reconfigure it then you
just take it oh oh like shoot it before
you grab it like
but now you know we watch a lot of good
TV there's a there's a lot of good TV we
watch um like I said gumball I think is
really funny we watch Adventure Time
Teen Titans go that's a great show
that's a super fun show Steven universe
we've been watching a lot of that's a
really great and imaginative
fuck oh fuck oh that's better bats
I got banded you got batted but you know
with the good you pastel with the good
comes the bad all I can hope is that one
day they'll get some goddamn taste
do you watch Rick and Morty
yes it's a great show it's fine Jack
there's no sign of Ron's a great show
fine Mike Joe was a great show but I
like fucked up science things and I have
a dark sense of humor perfectly
acceptable show overcome Morty
perfectly acceptable
what Robin is it in Young Justice I can
never figure it out it's never seen
Titans go what's Rob what's Robin is it
and Teen Titans go is dick dick does it
matter
I guess that's the other question well
just mean as long as it's continuity in
the universe you know that's all that
really matters is there a Robin that
isn't lame when paired with Batman Robin
you hashtag Robin chiming you've never
liked Robin no I think Robin Robin is
the important part of Batman it might be
a fine character on his own no the
important part
rora moron Robin Robin serves a very
real purpose - to make Batman a crazy
man who would endanger a child and
therefore unlikable he burns his purpose
it does highlight that he's a crazy man
because Robin is not as skilled as
Batman right
and so Robin tries to do the stuff that
Batman does and Batman is like how could
you fall off of this building while
Trump easing across it you know like and
you're just like that man you are a
crazy man I'd like Robin Robin is
important to give some some humanity get
some done daddy issues in there Batman
is more interesting - less human he is
he needs to be an icon an archetype a
badass know that Batman's the character
I don't want humanized it's when they
it's when people concentrate on the
badass that that they start losing
that's all Batman is no to me he's just
he's the badass there's some good stuff
in there yeah there's some good stuff
with courage dude what am I gonna do
with all this money
I better ask my Butler to go get me a
cheeseburger sided caviar go do drugs
just cuz I can't
hey rich let people like things look I
have fun being an asshole
can he check and like Robin I don't
honestly care right and I think you guys
like it when rich is an asshole so you
know what you wish for
money can't replace parents though I
don't think you understand how much
money Batman has - Shh
Batman's Batman has officially reached
the level of stupid rich think we'll
ever gonna can't be Batman again like
Adam West yeah they call the Batman
brave in the bold that's a really fun
show you should watch it rich what's
your problem with money money only
magnifies what you already are what kind
of bullshit statement is that
fucking bet I got it I got this bat all
up in my nuts money just means I have
less sympathy for your non problems
rich have you read Dark Knight strikes
again no it sounded awful and I avoid a
bit like a plague great it came out
around 9/11 in Frank Miller was
apparently in the deep cocaine addiction
yeah by oh good night vari r77 VAR yaar
Jack you might want to know that a lead
artist for the poco I heard I heard
about that one of the one of the lead
artists for the Pokemon games died in a
in a unexpected tragic accident today or
yesterday was he mauled by a Charizard
he was not Marat mauled by a Charizard
loser a tree fell on him really he was
driving him though he was driving in the
park with his daughter
Wow and high winds caused a tree to fall
on their car he was killed on site and a
Good Samaritan came to the rescue for
his daughter getting her into the
hospital yeah so but tragedy you know no
I'm not I'm not a complete heartless
monster no no no no I mean it's it's sad
and obviously you know the monster
designs are part of the thing I like
about Pokemon so big deal data says who
is your favorite female superhero for
male
um pack girls never been awful I
especially like Batgirl in this new run
this Batgirl at Burnside which is one of
the comics that I'm reading currently mm
she's fun definitely more detective II a
little more pared down which I like
currently though I don't know if I've of
all-time but my current favorite female
superheroes Miss Marvel just fucking
love Miss Marvel right now she's great
new Miss Marvel or or yeah new miss mom
okay not Carol Danvers I care the Kamala
Khan Kamala Khan I'm Kamala Khan it's
just the knee it is a great name Kamala
Khan sounds like she should be a boxer
left corner where are the right trunks
with the red tops come on
85 pounds I love issues me and you know
that I've been very I've talked about
this before I love her because she is
the closest she's the closest to the
spider-man that I love which is she's in
way over her head way underpowered
trying to do good and and figuring it
out as she goes along I love the new
Miss Marvel run one of my favorite books
right now so much fun just a kid trying
to do good trying to figure out and like
they've kept her they've done a good job
and I haven't read the newest one I'm
waiting for the trade to come out but
they've kept so far they've done a good
job of keeping her small now you can you
go again start start naming some female
superheroes who's that I was good or
just in general in general um you know
if we go x-men there's psylocke who's it
can be a lot of fun see I've never I've
never been a big x-men fans I
I can't really say any of them Oh
specially likeable just because I
haven't even read about them oh sure
sure rogues great road sounds really
interesting road I've never really read
the x-men oh yeah rogues a lot of fun
especially like in depending on which
x-men you're reading like hers starting
off with the with the the Brotherhood of
Evil Mutants and then you know kind of
like being a spy for the x-men and then
turning good there's there's a lot of
interesting stuff with rogue shadow cat
and or what's-her-name
Kitty Pryde that's who it is
Kitty Pryde I've always really enjoyed
her powers phasing through objects I
thought there was some really
interesting like stuff that they do with
her powers but I really like Kitty Pryde
just from a power standpoint her like
she has a in the comics she has a stick
with her her her mother is like really
anti-mutant yeah and so like that's
that's her shtick is her mother doesn't
know that she's at a mutant school ah
she just thinks she's at a gifted school
so like yeah there's some fun there but
I just like her powers that more than
anything nice trying to get the hang of
that
I can't be the only one who's read power
girl when she led the Justice Society of
America I didn't read any power girl no
now that didn't give me an extra HP oh
that's us what we gained one HP M more
to choose from I still have I figure
maybe would add to the base like the
Apple did oh well I thought her powers
was Ernie no Ernie
Jessica Jones days Jessica Jones is good
yeah yeah she was great I loved alias
and I never read alias but I liked the
show a lot so you know I'll put her in
there I'm just trying to think of other
female superheroes Power Girl Super Girl
have I told you that but I've been
watching Supergirl again yeah well I
think I heard you mention once I don't
you have to say that I've been watching
Supergirl again only because coming up
they're doing a flash Supergirl
crossover and I and I want to watch that
because I watched the flash and I also
think that it's really interesting that
two networks are crossing over and you
know it's like oh there are different
networks yeah that is interesting
flashes see them you supergirls CBS and
so it's like they're allowing Katie's
characters to cross over even though
they're different networks right so it's
like okay I want to catch up on
Supergirl eight combo hey hundred Jim
reward nice and it is just the worst I
think I've said that about a lot of
things tonight but Supergirl is a crap
TV show man is it just garbage I don't
know a pretty balloon does
all right I need something with some
health here pretty badly
pretty badly yeah you do so so I can no
longer condone Supergirl as a that's
someone I love does take fuck that's
decent run does Peggy Carter count as a
superhero
sure huh yeah bolder style was bolder
style team starts with more HP less
upgrade options never track I like Peggy
Carter so if Peggy Carter apart Carter
oh look at that
so if Peggy Carter can count I'll put
her on there button she has she's not
she's a hero she's not necessarily a
superhero because she doesn't have
stupid
Jackie Grant bashed she doesn't have any
superpowers you know
that's my only gripe with that
I feel bad there aren't more female
superheroes I really like but that many
to begin with I think that was the point
rich it was a commentary I know no
commentary I get that yeah I get that
I'm still trying to see still trying to
see to push to examine to sure
measure I mean there's a there's a ton
and x-men Wonder Woman not boring
oh fuck Wonder Woman oh jesus H Christ
Scarlet Witch never read The Avengers
much there's the Invisible Woman from
Fantastic Four but what I ever read a
Invisible Woman solo comic probably not
hey Sarah Shen well what the hey here's
towards the Zelda you fund tongue out
sticking tongue out Oricon sorry thank
you sorry well take it Lord knows we'll
need it when it comes out in five years
if the game ever comes out it'll you
know it'll remember Twilight Princess
developing for the Gamecube but it ended
up being a we we launched I'm sure if
Nintendo even does a next console I'll
watch for that well there's our it's
already being uh being rumored well yeah
I don't think that we use doing that
wall no no in general it is not
what about female Ghostbusters I think
I've been pretty clear my issue with the
Ghostbusters remake is more to do with
the fact that they're remaking the
Ghostbusters than it does of the fact
that they're women yeah and women or men
or something in between I got to be
funny and the trailer wasn't funny III
was against it when I thought it was
gonna be like like what's this name Seth
Seth Rogen Seth Rogen and and and and
and crew I figured they'd be the ones
that would end up sure yeah absolutely
against the bed that's that's very true
here bat I don't want you bat I don't
want to deal with you I was gonna say
Seth MacFarlane but I knew that wasn't
right
Seth mechanics something that I hate
this wasn't Adam Sandler Oh God Adam
Sandler and what's this what's-his-face
what's his fat face about marble bulb
paul blart as the new ghost but what you
could have gotten you could have gotten
that be thankful it's female
Ghostbusters David Spade David Spade is
Egon absolutely somehow I'm even though
I'm starting with more health I'm
definitely dying more mmm-hmm are you
getting cocky about the fact you have
more help Kevin James yes Kevin James
maybe no die I'm Dan MacFarlane would
have been the worst yeah
this is all I'm saying like in the in
the grand scheme Oh
oh yeah Bob older-style in the grand
scheme of remakes we might be getting
the least offense no yeah it's still a
Ghostbusters remake which something we
don't need Ben and no matter who's me
it doesn't look funny would have loved
to see a British Ghostbusters with Simon
Pegg and Nick Frost maybe no no see yeah
rich rich is just anti anti Ghostbusters
roommate
I have heard of the worst idea in the
world podcast where - New Zealand guys
watch and review grownups - every week
for a year yep yeah how do we know
they're watching then they stream them
watching it I can Omar they just faking
the discussion continually that's a good
question it depends on how absurd they
get because you can tell when someone
has really lost their marbles mentally
I'm gonna say nobody has that kind of
patience I think it's quite a schtick
I'll tell you that
last if those guys have a new podcast
called till death do us Blart where they
watch paul blart to every Thanksgiving
until the end of time just Thanksgiving
that seems kind of easy see I think that
would be the fun part of the podcast is
like thinking of new things to talk
about because you're doing a podcast
where you where you talk about grown-ups
to every week and you know you could you
could probably get a couple weeks worth
of material out of that right but then
you still have to talk about grown-ups
too what do you talk about and I think
that's where that's where you can get a
lot of comedy I think there's there's
value in that there's potential
occasionally I'm losing myself on the
screen you know the shit that's blowing
up yeah I think that's purposeful I had
a lot of random movies on the farm
nothing nothing big nothing good
I mean we would rent movies ever once in
a while so I got to see the new stuff as
far as moving
oh that's good we might be fatiguing we
might be fatiguing wrench I think you're
right it is midnight it is probably time
to call it talk more on poop again oh I
love poop again
yeah began it was it was a really dumb
idea I had and give one more shot and
some people I know or were kind enough
to indulge me and this really dumb IV I
had here's what while saying this is a
really dumb idea yeah this is well what
I can say is I had this vision for poop
again you know where would be five short
episodes and you put up all five
episodes and each would be incredibly
short and then at the very last minute I
got done editing each individual episode
was getting ready to post them
individually to the Funny or Die and at
the last minute I chickened out and
uploaded them as one whole video so it
was like a fight it was five minutes of
one minute episodes you know five
minutes of five one-minute episodes and
I was really upset at myself for
chickening out like yeah you should be
yeah so when I uploaded it to youtube
later I uploaded it in the correct
fashion
but I chickened out because I was like
ah you know the first one because the
first one is not like the strongest
episode and you kind of like in my mind
I was like how you kind of have to watch
all five of them to get all the jokes so
I'll just put them together you know and
I felt bad I've always felt bad about
chickening out at the last minute yes
you should yeah oh my oh yeah and you
get to see me if you see me and poop
again and full long hair beard combo you
see I have super long hair still balding
but long hair and my big beard wasn't
long yeah what was wrong with you I I
don't know rich I decided for some
really dumb reason to grow my hair out
even though I was balding in front and
so I had hair past my ear
you know like Pat like chin length hair
always run from the bats and it looked
ridiculous but you know I went with it
I didn't I do well you know what I know
I did look good with hair when I had a
full head of hair I I was I well I think
I don't remember anymore it's been too
long but as soon as I started balding
should have pulled that trigger on
shaving my head but I didn't
20 closest do you have to eat before you
get a help I don't know if you've eaten
any
I'm watching
they're like a corpse counter yeah I
thought that thing was the corpse
counter but maybe now because you've
been eating corpses no oh they go you
just came on I didn't get helpful didn't
you know
oh you gained a health from from getting
the weapon upgrade yeah I don't know
it's oh there you go you just came on is
it every so many my you know my guess is
probably ten you said omnomnom yeah I
wonder what check with the collective
hair you can see me what I look like
with her in videos and other things
we've done with hair I've had hair I
mean you were you in poop in yeah yeah I
play I wash poop again you watch poop
again and see me with with hair I think
they mean like a full head of hair and
then I'd have to find some like high
school pictures
cuz high school was the last time I had
a full head of hair now watch some of
the early best of the worst recently it
was weird
you and hair oh my god yeah when I still
had like the the crown oh that was awful
that was an awful choice
a person
when I had balding hair and a beard I
look like Jared Harris distinguished I
don't know who Jared Harrison's
distinguished maybe every once in a
while I do think oh you frog
yeah those frogs are bitches rich
bitches yeah and I had hair in the
plinker views and a beard in the play
curve you know Tiger News a well trimmed
beard but where's that Apple I get that
Apple I find out what the white does
yeah what's with that white this is
farther than either of us have gotten no
I've gotten to this one I mean yeah oh I
didn't see this I've only gotten to this
one I haven't I have not gotten any
further than this I gotta get rid of
that burst yeah you do
is it just the worst yes
as I'm sure you're probably aware those
red ones if you land on them the spikes
come yeah yeah so you do have a chance
to jump off but no you can do rich burst
is the worst
that weight bar let's grow assuming I
get a bonus health if that gets full
that'd be great because remember I had
full health I gained the Apple four for
health that probably filled the white
bar up instantly that's my thinking I
don't know the white players under your
health bar when you get health ups and
you're already maxed you fill the white
bar fill for wipeouts to get into the
health point okay thank you
I still have fucking burst Tiberius Kirk
I'm sorry I had want to watch her to
play the game
oh nice dribble okay and five health
nice
he's rich
oh that was nasty I was like a boss
nice rich oh yeah
Thai beer is definitely like its if it's
on set this game is on sale until the
21st so you have a couple more days to
come up with one dollar and fifty cents
everybody totally worth it what is that
laser sight oh just to kind of tell you
where you're falling there were a lot of
bad options yeah hey you got further
yeah I did great
you got an egg genie I use that fucker
every I'm great for quick boiled eggs
what's an egg genie that sounds great
egg genie
what cooks up to seven hard medium or
soft eggs oh that's an egg boss an
electronic egg cuca how long does it
take to cook the eggs yeah every other
color is gross
yeah open up URL I love eggs I eat eggs
every day
clear tops allows you to view eggs while
cooking eggs yes I love viewing eggs
while I cook eggs it's my favorite thing
to do what I need is a Raleigh egg
master that's not a real thing now
you're just making stuff up don't make
stuff up
I'm Google search don't use your
imaginations Wow master if this isn't a
real thing hands-free automatic electric
vertical nonstick easy quick egg cooker
wot wot
how many eggs is a cook at a time that's
the question
oh yeah Roley yes
Oh God it makes like it makes your eggs
look like a like an egg dildo it takes
your eggs in it like cooks them in a
tube so you can like oh those are that's
a gross man I don't want an egg I don't
wanna I
dildo look at that that's so fucking
gross who wouldn't want to eat an egg
like that I'm so upset I'm so upset by
saying that I'm that egg genie though
I'm adding that to my list don't give me
one of them cook my eggs let me read the
reviews while rich finishes this up
yeah any time you want to be done man
once you pull up the I don't know that
Watchers on the computer
burped out the brain can't handle
anymore
nanny work good game good game down well
yeah thanks to whoever suggested down
well Oh
oh my god it's very late
it's very very late um just this guy you
know 15 months in a row
urban vermin toad decimals Nick Nevinger
boogy boogy bit ceratin yep check a leg
35:22 fucking months in a row for built
el argentina argentina jugs test mister
glitch sixteen months in a row are
Miller
April I love you twenty fucking months
in a row
servo zero eighty six purple space
bazooka 14 months in a bazooka in a
shack
no no you do it go all the way you go
purple space then bazooka that's how you
do that if you're gonna do that yeah I
had my computer
nasty flawed blue good one East Google I
think it's supposed to be splurgle and
also I missed one the one above blue
girl just de bourree HK fourteen months
in a row fleshy patch eighteen months in
a row baby Slayer one five six eighteen
months in a row kai yes le yeah yeah
silly
Caillou Philly unpowered raindrop
eighteen months in a row Quinn some yak
eighteen months in a row and creep
'mobile twelve months in a row thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
we really do thank you so much also
anonymous wanted to give us a quick tip
before we left saying fol de sexy
bitches on the screen boom you had a
picture of him up and behind behind us I
do yeah you did also MC Lucas 21 fucking
months in a row have a nice night y'all
