Merry Jack Plays Isaac! (Part 2)
December 18, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q_Pg_pVt0v8

how do you highlight shit with how do
you do anything with a fucking touch pan
I'll be honest with you rich I don't I
don't know how to do it on the windows I
just don't know how to do it now I can't
right click oh my god this is terrible
I don't want to listen to it again I
want to listen to it again but not right
now
where's jetted why not Chatty open on
her why don't I have Chatty open on her
I had the the web browser oh okay it's
just in the other tab yeah there's
probably chatty in her know they really
redid how the dashboard works sometimes
I just wanted to test that out I
forgetting I'm forgetting that you were
forgetting that you were the one who was
it's all fine it's all fine I forgot
that you were gonna be the one having
the laptop today so I was like oh I want
to check out the new we've got an
upgraded updated dashboard which might
give us some more controls right out of
the box instead of having to go through
a third party software chatty even
though we like chatty a lot and use it
oh good so do you just stand there and
hit the button you know this is I'm not
saying I'm not saying this is a hard
challenge that's why I chose this one
because I let me say well that was easy
you already kicked the games but I'm
streams they're enough lately you're not
starting off your ending light your
ending your ending as a badass now I'm
just gonna be any bigger badass you just
show it off Jack you show it off
motherfucker
renegade Kira says Jack ah thanks for
the great year of prereq great episodes
and streams throughout the year really
help keep my sanity in check keep up the
great work
oh and rich is cool too I guess
oh yeah rich is cool too I agree I agree
I have you know I think we did some fine
episodes this year I'm pretty happy with
a lot of them up upsetting that the one
that I wanted to get done that is just
not gonna happen due to time is our Year
in Review
I was really hoping we'd get a year in
review and it's just fine
oh I and we've never done one before but
it there were some games that I
particularly wanted to talk about we we
could still do one we could still do one
just have it come out next year come out
in February here's a fuckin miss in the
last 12 months present last 13 months so
fucking arbitrary arbitrary well you
know you that's just when people do
end-of-the-year stuff it's at the end of
the year I'm just February in review
just February although all of February
okay zank is wack says Jack here's some
dollar to go duplicate your keys and
make both you and your wife happy chat
yeah chat + future YouTube people for
context see the August 24th rocket
league stream and their recourse stream
you're clever enough to sneak through
Africa but won't be smart about this
you're too nice a man to be so stubborn
about this anyways everything else is
fine Merry Christmas
you nuts oh I I'm what I'm thinking that
is someone asked someone asked us things
we didn't like about our significant
others and I made an offhand comment
there's like sometimes Lucy doesn't
return the car keys ah the special key
area yes there's a very minor
right that I have about it I was like we
have a special a whole special key thing
right and she often does not return it
to the key area and so that's money to
get keys duplicated so we no longer have
to fight about keys which we don't fight
about nice quick we do our own gamer
warn somebody of the chance mentioning
that it's not a bad idea our own game
your own game Awards so we just so we
can have like Last Guardian B worst game
of the year but uncharted 4 also came
out ask about that oh my god they'll
have the nominees for worst game it'll
be those what was the The Last of Us
remastered that was years ago remastered
that wasn't this year that was like
multiple years ago right yeah the
remastered one yeah
yeah I have no I don't I don't clearly
recollect when that came on there's
somebody it's so so much to go around
did we I mean I am but according to
YouTube comments were its we were pretty
wrong about the Last Guardian you know
no we weren't we got it wrong we I think
we missed a lot of nuance in the
Guardian thing they kept bitching about
story comments paying no attention to
our primary gripe which was gameplay
being dull yeah because that doesn't
matter to these people they had their
art their art cannot be besmirched
that's true that's true you didn't
understand the story no I understand you
saying give a shit yeah we perfectly
understood the story didn't understand
it it's weighted like a good bet your
Kaede probably like games like Mario as
if there was something wrong with that
even if we only liked Mario games is it
as if that was somehow wrong of course
what a bunch of jackasses sometimes
sometimes man sometimes sometimes people
are dicks you only like Call of Duty
that was a comment I read because we you
know how much we gosh about calling like
all the time especially me and the
multiplayer shooters
why do you assume that people who don't
enjoy and don't enjoy oh god damn it
chap you're always scrolling past but I
can read it it stops rolling I can't see
that coming ever
unless I'm reading it wrong I'm assuming
they they don't enjoy non story based
games because they put down game II
games like doom and and at Mario right
it's not sophisticated enough for their
superior tastes I think I believe that's
the gist of it yeah and I could be
reading it wrong as like I said that
you're coming scrolled up further than I
could read it when I was in the middle
of reading those people those kind of
people who make those comments in
general that's how that's what I feel
like is ya know this you can only drink
right right how dare you drinking wine
that's only aged to five years go fuck
yourself you pressure pretty much yeah
yeah there's some there's some high
level snobbery
I feel richest trouble with technology
know that Chad I'm reading is being used
by Jack he said we got two monitors and
I can't scroll up without turning the
game off right and this yeah that's all
right sorry I messed up
doesn't like Star Wars isn't like last
Guardian doesn't like Batman vs Superman
yeah the last - yes Star Wars I'm just
not in love with Star Wars is okay the
original trilogy is great Empire Strikes
Back when the best movies ever fucking
made Han Solo love Han Solo
didn't care much for the prequels why
you didn't didn't didn't care much for
the the what do they call it the
expanded universe all right yeah all the
books and shit all the books you shit
yeah
chantix 20 says slowly and crouching on
1 million views any big plans or just
winging it as usual I just wanted you
know is weighted we're what they're no
big plans for a million views
we're excited 4 million individuals not
like accumulated views you know that's
true because we've been doing it like
three years now Jesus Christ Jesus
Christ adds up but I mean we're we're
we're rolling our beefcake you know just
mentioned like you know we're up to
60,000 subscribers on YouTube yeah which
is pretty good yeah yeah that's that's
not bad at all we have something like
over 20,000 subscribers here on Twitch
we're doing I'm not not complaining
about how we're doing I'm not
complaining I'm just so we have over 11
million views yep on our YouTube channel
we got some we got some stuff well let
me 11 million in YouTube yeah that's
interesting that's interesting that's
pitch black she's the curse of the
darkness every level now if you asked me
I would have thought that 1 million was
just our views on YouTube like our
highest viewed video is still the force
awakens discussion isn't it it might be
no actually maybe I'll fuck you yeah
maybe that is our eyes or that or the I
think the order was still up there that
and uh Metal Gear it did pretty well
doom did pretty well
well you know there's we got something
to do well some that don't this is a
different challenge huh
yeah this is the pitch-black challenge
and I believe the challenges I'm cursed
I have the curse of darkness every room
so I don't know how much health I
currently have ah and I think I also
don't know yep okay so I think I never
know how much health I have is the okay
challenge and and the screen looks a
little darker or is that just me it just
could be the fire in here yeah
insulin King 2016 says you know want to
send a bad Christian movie it's one of
the funniest worst vids I've seen it's
ridiculous this is based in religious
morals however would you avoid a movie
that forced you to go into that just
wondering we try to avoid the Christian
film stuff if the only joking around is
gonna be haha Christians we have no
interest in doing that
yeah like the SOS video that had some
that was its own special kind of insane
yeah that had weird foreign stuff that
had yeah music that had cheesy
production value like there was stuff
head talkable colty kind of religious
stop right where you are going to live
in the woods and not shop at
supermarkets exactly there was stuff we
could delve into that wasn't just hi
Jesus right so so that's the big
determining determining factor with any
sort of religious bad movies what are
the jokes we will make fun of production
values but if the thrust of it is the
things they say they're Christian and
that's stupid and I'm gonna do unless
it's crazy
really really I'm full of hearts
but you say you care about gameplay only
you said before that you don't care to
play games with anime writing so why
would that matter t of the gameplay was
kick-ass despite bad writing it would
affect my just shopping and looking at
it like not knowing much it would be
affected like an understood sure but Dad
but perhaps maybe there's an example of
something you've talked about before
that maybe had an anime type writing but
kick-ass gameplay that you've really
enjoyed this has happened well I was on
a zone of the enders you could you could
argue No More Heroes I'd say that that's
got more of a punk sensibility than an
anime since it's got animations
abilities but it's all unlike done in
parody yeah so but I'm sure they're
talking about Final Fantasy oh I
historically have not liked JRPGs you
know I know the gameplays different now
that doesn't mean I'm excited to run out
and give it a try
yeah anymore you got to really sell me
on the gameplay if you want me to get
excited about that shit yeah yeah no and
it looks weird because the story is much
of anime shit I don't care about then
the gameplay has to be really good right
and I am just judging it as a game at
that point a game that you have to
sometimes not listen to what you're
selling it's an amazing story
like Metal Gear Solid 5 which you know
what probably would have liked a lot
more if I cared about what was going on
story can help you enjoy a game like I
said I don't I don't hate the concept of
having a story in a game but you need
the game needs to come further needs to
be a game that the story is built around
yeah yeah it's a good story good
storytelling good atmosphere they can
heighten an already existing decent game
oh you know and you know like they can
not only heighten it but you know the
theming of the gameplay can enhance that
story much like
you know something like shadow the
classes yeah where you know it's all
about defeating a demons are you the
real monster dealing you know like
dealing with the the grief and loss of
someone and and it kind of mirrors in
the gameplay that's what made shadow of
the classes like that go to art house
game is it was this combination of
gameplay and a strong theme yeah and
unfortunately yeah it just didn't happen
last but when you when you throw
something out there that's that's just a
storytelling art house tour de force and
there's no interesting gameplay that's a
mistake that's a mistake then then
you've chosen the wrong medium yeah to
tell your story yes exactly exactly
maybe you know like rich said draw up in
some picture make a movie you know what
make a gif and gifts are really popular
right now multi-dimensional baby talk
about summer I'm like rich who hates
everything
I'll blow it out your ass dots blow it
out your but you know the nice poem now
I'm sure you're saying that in jest and
I'm saying blow it out your ass ingest
but my official stance on so mom was
what about a great book great fucking
book did not need to be a game did not
work as a game cuz it wasn't a game not
any real way soma yeah that was some
concepts I found very interesting yep
yeah I agree
that would have been a great book I
would have read this shit out of soma
totally totally right like I love that
kind of weird heady like not heady
sci-fi but like abstract sci-fi mmm-hmm
I would've been totally down with soma
as a book and by the way if you want to
know what the anime tropes I don't like
our Metal Gear
everything that Metal Gear does see
Metal Gear yeah
thank you fuck you
holy fuck rich holy fuck you can't
switch media is that easy we even said
that you can turn soma into a book or
movie why couldn't you
there's no game there why is it a game
the game is the wrong medium and in the
first fucking place this is this is kind
of the problem is like it's not
interactive it's pretend interactive
anything storytelling wise it's just
fucking here no straight linear line the
interaction is a fiction yeah you can
tell you concern anything into it though
any medium that you want man like with
it see you can never turn any books into
a movie no you can't do that no I mean
not after the fact like the Harry Potter
movies they can't do that that does it
just doesn't work no no no no man the
thing and certainly you couldn't make
books out of a movie the thing was was
written to be a novella should never
have been turned into a kick-ass John
Carpenter movie and like Star Wars those
are movies it's not like you could ever
turn those into an entire expanded
universe worth of books rich Evans we
might be getting into me very here
Bachelor is going in the right direction
guys rich Evans outrage is building up
I'm understanding what the
multi-dimensional baby does now so how
exactly is soma not a game well you you
walk forward and then you don't do much
other than watch the story play out Ryan
there's there's no really way to fail
those the tacked on hide-and-go-seek
sections that really aren't interesting
to play
yeah there's no there's no hurdle to
cross over which is kind of the point of
a game I'm kind of digging this
multi-dimensional baby he kind of goes
after you and if you can cheat a tear
through him your tears become more
powerful boat chicken big buttocks is
how much sorry fine no you you that's a
great reaction buttocks and I should
have I should have left time for the
reaction chick admit buttocks says how
much but it cost to get you guys to star
in a commercial for my furniture store
how much would it cost this price yeah
we can do that well first of all like
you gotta you know fly us out to
wherever you are you're gonna pay for
those expenses
yeah pay for those expenses Furniture
commercial we're talking local national
in a local national or Internet is this
televised or internet because those are
two different prices leftover beefcakes
is 998 so we're talking we're talking
about a half-day Shoebridge half-day
shoot I don't know winding a fucking
agent say your price I'm your agent I've
booked you guys before I've never
actually been an actor so contact us a
prereq at red letter media dot-com I
will give you our prices I've booked
gigs for rich before I'll make it happen
Craig our brain says guys I ended up
ordering Final Fantasy 15 having not
played one since Final Fantasy 4 anse
ness they supposedly got rid of the
turn-based crap so it's more akin to
Skyrim what Final Fantasy have you
played and enjoyed
none of them mice astir was really into
Final Fantasy and I watched her play
occasionally and oh god did just the
boring as shit so I don't have much
experience and final fantasy in in
general but I you know back in the day I
try to feel like you know this is rental
see it was like tried a few of them the
molds necessary JRPGs and God is it just
fucking the worst fucking thing that
that you walk like a tile and be you
know into the boring ass battle screen
so you could spam boringly the the the
strategy the tactical strategy over you
just hit the efficient attack button
over okay and you some Turk teens
walking each other and then it takes
like forever and then eventually the
other thing dies no that's good I can
finally go on with the story and then
you go to squares then blue fight more
bets
it's the worst thing it's the worst
thing ever
little do that now alright I'm sure it's
different now and it's perfectly great
and it's awesome I've played a few of
them I played uh I played seven because
you know like that was supposed to be
like the like the super important deep
one uh-huh I'm dude just didn't give a
shit about it I couldn't couldn't make
it through a lot of that was because the
story the story is batshit insane and I
didn't much care for it I played a bit
of ten Final Fantasy 10 which was
alright in some areas look it's really
great the cutscenes look beautiful again
couldn't my issue with the Final Fantasy
series has always been the ending like
there always seems to be a big ramp up
curve as far as the final boss is
concerned and so there there was a lot
of grinding for me I'm just like I can't
get past this area because the enemies
are too strong I guess I guess I have to
go back to the weaker area and just deal
with some enemies until I get a little
bit stronger
I'm never much cared for the grind in
the Final Fantasy series I think I tried
to play a little bit of eight I want to
say what was the one with like the more
cartoonish figures might have been six
six or eight it was a PlayStation game
in it and it had more of the cartoonish
figures on the bottom asking the chance
yeah like 3d cartoonish or 2d sprite
cartoonish 3d cartoonish she's kind of
sound of her oh that was nine okay
Final Fantasy 9 I was alright with it
didn't get too far in it combat you know
combat is rough in these games fuck fuck
shit not paying attention not paying
attention
lust might get me fucking lost
station what that means
insolent King 2016 says would you go out
of your way to watch a movie featuring a
long graphic love scene between Joan and
John Cusack lots of kissing I asked my
residency director this question and was
immediately hired would you would you be
interested in seeing that in a movie
would you be interested in seeing like a
really weird car accident man I don't
you know I don't have an answer for you
here cuz because I don't have an answer
for you hear that that's the strangest
question I think I've ever heard
would I go out of my way probably not
gonna said the same thing about Jason
and Justine Bateman back in the day sure
she hasn't done anything in ages but I
think is the question current john and
joe mcusic is that probably not even
current probably have to go back a few
years go back to their heyday sure oh
man I don't know that's oh that's a
tricky one that would be so weird I you
know what if it's current maybe because
that would just be weird what does the
rainbow do the rainbow poop fills gives
you full hearts okay I still don't know
how many hearts I have but you know
there flood I know I have full hearts
and so I think at this point I have like
I just don't know cuz that's the game
yeah typical pyc says if you could live
in a movie which movie would you live in
I don't know about what dreams may come
oh how about that I mean that's an
acceptable answer playing the long game
Jack you want to live in a movie in
which you know there is an afterlife but
you know there's of there as an absolute
paradise yeah you know what Richard that
is a fair answer
chantix 20 says in soma the illusion of
choice is very poorly disguised ergo it
stops feeling like you're in a sci-fi
world as much as you're on an on rail
carnival ride in a sci-fi world insert
Mike and cart yeah yeah that's the
carnival ride that's a that's a good
that's a good analogy
it's fake there's no sewing one one kind
of like vague choice where you choose to
kill or not kill one of the robots after
you download your memory into a
different body okay
I really change all that much and it's
largely an illusion of some kind of
choice yeah yeah someone would work
quite well as a story as a movie as a
book it'd be a good I think it'd be a
great book yeah I think I think someone
would be a fantastic read there's a lot
of there's a lot of abstract ideas in
there that I don't think would translate
necessarily well to scream but you know
obviously with the right script anything
can work
but yeah I didn't mess on the book yeah
I've large Chad I've largely avoid
telltale games for reasons that should
be obvious
no there's what there's some that I know
you know when I first heard about the
Walking Dead game oh it's how to need oh
you're making these choices and then I
kind of realized oh these choices
probably aren't going to amount to much
that's gonna be largely in smoke and
mirrors and then I I kind of lost
interest after after I heard reports
basically verifying my fears yeah I'm
with you I'm with you
BOPE
thank you
make a fattie turkey burger says sting
burger - says what you know it's a
sequel for turkey burger ranch and Jack
yep what's the best way to keep a camera
dry and clean during a shooting
involving squibs
and other projectile fluence obviously
you can put plastic around the camera
body but the lens Plexiglas right
Plexiglas is if you're worried about
harming your lens Plexiglas is the way
to go or regular glass if you can't get
your hands on places that's but you can
any you know what any hardware store
will sell a little tiny little Plexiglas
that you can hold in front of your lens
get it as close to your lens as possible
so you don't accidentally end up
focusing on the Plexiglas now are there
problems with the reflection well that's
possible and you know like you sometimes
have to tilt it the right way going
shooting through Plexiglas means that
your shot is not going to be as crisp as
you would like it to be because
obviously you are shooting through
another layer but you are protecting
your camera but you are protecting your
camera the other option is get your
camera a little further away and zoom in
and you know what here's the third
option a really fantastic option for
protecting your lens depending on your
lens like for example for for our
Panasonic cameras we use it's it's like
an interchangeable lens system and so
you know we have some nice lenses and
for our lenses you can buy things that
are UV filters and they're very thin
pieces of glass that you screw on top of
your lens that are supposed to Tec
protect it against sun damage but it's
very close to the lens and it's a very
clean piece of glass and they cost like
eight bucks and it screws right onto
your lens mm-hmm
get a couple of those because then if
like something hits your lens it's gonna
hit the UV filter and not the expensive
glass on the left
okay that's what I use okay so that's
the real key now the chant is asking me
about Western RPGs
what's the Western RPG different
stylistically sorry what's an example
you know like you know you you you know
like the illusion of choice game but you
don't like Western RPGs I just have it
for one I just haven't played many of
them for other thing when it comes to
RPGs I know they're different no I know
they're different now I I never liked
the your classical style of turn-based
combat run RPGs right I just never been
fond of that style of combat you know
they're different now right yeah yeah I
know they're different now
you know you know I like Dragon's Dogma
yeah that and man that was like it was
like a super RPG yeah yeah and you
commented on how much you liked and I
know your ability to tell you know your
own story I love Mass Effect before you
know they ruined it is that a Western
RPG yeah very much so
well shit well shit rich it sounds like
you kind of dig RPGs if I got if I got a
game to suggest to you
the Avalon Diablo is nothing wrong no
where you just spam the click button and
it just seems like obnoxious going to
have a hack-and-slash you I think it's
so the hack and slash you but it's just
like mashing the the wack button yeah
and that sounds kind of dull yeah that
sounds like a really dull brawler
there's a brawler that's the names
yackin slash like I I didn't play it
much I only played it that one time we
streamed it I could not stand dynasty
warriors massive months of enemies and
just spam the attack over and over and
over and obviously we were playing an
older dynasty warriors yeah but it's
whichever somebody thinks of know about
curia chronicles cuz I've played every
game in existence and I've had the time
to play every game that's ever been made
in depth I know that about you and it's
not like I've wanted to play the games I
liked a lot because I have to keep
constantly jumping around to play all
the games that's that's a bit rough part
of playing all the games and that means
I didn't like it when I didn't play it
that means I hated it and not that I
just never got around to it didn't have
much it didn't ever really heard about
it it means I hated it oh man I made it
really bad oh I did a really bad thing
right
I made a really dumb move
not fast enough
ooh expensive if that's your definition
of role-playing game then the definition
is way too vague to mean anything and
that the term RPG becomes meaningless
says RPG is defined as a game where you
take on a role
so it's 99% of all games it's 99 so at
that point the word is useless this
discussion with a friend of mine way
back in the day and saying that like
then then a game like Madden in coach
mode would be the greatest RPG where you
can like build your team and you know
stuff like that
those are RPGs what does this do Chad I
make a circle and I get a little
pentagram does that make me stronger in
the pentagram what is what's that what's
happening here
why is that why is this happening and I
was I want you to tell me what I like it
I like that I can draw a little
pentagrams in my circles go big
pentagram oh I can look at that big-ass
pentagram does that hurt people I don't
know rich you are weird you love XCOM
turn-based but you don't like turn-based
combat and RPGs I don't like it when you
stand on either side of the screen and
you just take turns whacking at each
other I like XCOM because your
positioning is important and you're
trying to manipulate the percentages
yeah yeah that's that's that's that's a
lot deeper to me then you've got the
strong attack that's got a 95 percent
hit chance then you got the super strong
attack but that's something got an 80%
chance to hit and then you pick one of
them whatever one seems more effective
and you just use it over and over again
and then the other guy on the other
screen he takes turns whacking you and
you just keep whacking each other back
and forth until one of them dies that
sucks
that hurts them that's great that's
great
and XCOM what I'm think well you know
until I flank here or do I use a grenade
to strip the cover but I might want that
grenade later or if I can manage to take
its help down without killing it maybe I
can go in for the different multiple
things are going on it's a lot deeper
than hit the 95 percent attack brought
in over and over again until the thing
is dead
yes I hate your old-school RPG
turn-based combat because it's boring
that's not what JRPG combats about it's
about exploiting the weaknesses of it's
about grinding it's a lot of grind and
na everyone you need to be honest here
there's a lot of grinding and that
doesn't necessarily have to anything to
do with the combat that it might have
something to do with just in general
enemy design level layout difficulty
curves but there JRPGs have a lot of
grinding unnecessary rhyming I'm sure
glad we're having this JRPG conversation
again blame the fuckers in the chat who
keep getting a butt hurt that I don't
like JRPGs and they do and that's great
but I don't like them and so i am the
great satan who doesn't get it and
someday
bitch at me endlessly about JRPGs enough
i will love them see the light
oh god you will see the light rich I
believe in you I am now we're sitting by
998 dollar final fantasy offer it's off
the fucking table
it's rescinded are you replacing
different no I'm done I am 100% done
with this conversation we're just not
gonna play Final Fantasy because it
happens every fucking stream and if
you're a JRPG Finn please go fuck
yourself and stop bothering me about it
I think it's fair that's fair do you do
what you do man you do you
since 84 says Richard spent about a year
now what's your go-to choice out of the
ex-cons look like X come two more yeah
it's about a while since I've played
XCOM 2 because I'm I've gotten I've
gotten myself we stuck on XCOM enemy
within okay because I've got a me now
that I want to finally do it like a
command a classic run where I don't lose
a fucking soldier and I can't get past
month three because of the fucking thin
men and I hate it and I love it and I'm
gonna get tired of trying soon and I'm
gonna go back to XCOM - yeah but for now
I am like when I my soul stream yeah I
plan to fire up XCOM enemy within and
I'm trying to not lose a single fucking
person nice nice I think I think
ultimately XCOM enemy within even though
when I first started playing XCOM 2 I
was getting my ass kicked
uh-huh I I think ultimately XCOM 1 is is
harder that one enemy within the reboot
is a lot harder interesting yep
fucking hell these circles have to be
just the right size fuck oh that stuff
if you all notice they only read one out
of every 100 messages the whole chat
well for one the stream would be a day
long doesn't have to go everything you
see how fast this shit Scrolls it's high
it's hard to keep up it's hard to keep
up man we're and we're sorry you know we
try we try to him we've read the tips we
chat we we like interacting with you
guys but sometimes it's hard to keep up
and we're really sorry about that and
you know what sometimes y'all don't say
anything interesting yep anyone in is
not harder because of bullshit cheap
moves enemy within is harder because at
least that early game is is designed to
actually try to defeat you and not just
to be like thin men aren't pawns that
you could just roll over and feel
powerful they're a threat that you have
to worry about and plan your way around
when they show up and it's great and
occasionally it's traumatizing but it's
great chantix twenties is let's go to
something more positive brutal doom 64
is a thing have you played it yet looks
at the very least like a new set of maps
for brutal doom I might and I might play
it sooner or later I'll be honest with
you I just it's it's superficial I just
flat-out don't like the look of the
sprites from doom 64 I love those
classic sprites and that's that's a
that's a value judgment that's
subjective that's just the way I feel
about the doom 64 sprites
you have to pay from rich heavens to
read your comment is that true yeah I do
look over an occasion they read things I
can't help that we got a lot of tips and
you know what people who give the tips
they help us they help do these dreams
so I read their comments I'm very sorry
I'm very sorry
you should be ragged Kira who tipped us
says rich there's $2 talk about how
awesome the spectacular spider-man show
is and how shitty the ultimate ultimate
spider-man was I fucking hate Drake Bell
ultimate spider-man voice actor and hope
he dies for one I am just not familiar
at all with the ultimate spider-man
cartoon it looks a bit silly for my
taste but spectacular spider-man oh I
wish they kept making that is this shit
spectacular spider-man is - spider-man
as Batman the Animated Series was -
Batman Oh spectacular was fucking great
yeah yeah I uh I don't think I caught
spectacular maybe I did I think we
talked about this where it's like I cut
that one episode that right I was so
good they did it they actually did a
animated adaptation of like the the
master planner story which is one of my
favorite old-school spider-man stories
it's one of these in the doc Ock's
underground base and he gets trapped
under this heavy piece of equipment and
he can't lift it up and it's filling
with water and Steve Ditko did like the
most amazing art Steve did Co ever did
it's like three it's you know a Stan Lee
eventually and a bunch of bullshit
dialogue to it but I mean it just stands
alone just the visual wasn't just visual
storytelling where he's under his weight
he's trying to get up and he can't do it
but then thinks about Aunt May and all
the people who depend on him he musters
up the strike like it's it's like but
one of my favorite fucking spider-man
moments cuz when he lifts that thing up
is the only time I can think of that
Steve Ditko ever drew like a muscular
heroic spider and he was very he's
always drawn him like it like a scrawny
teenage kid before that but that was
like I was like the big spider-man to
becoming an adult moment when he lifts
the weight up and I was like the one
time Steve Ditko ever drew him a rock I
love that moment and they did that on
spectacular spider-man I'm a geek
you should be I'm a geek I think that's
fair uh sounds great
that was two dollars well spent to get
me to talk about spectacular spider-man
no you know I I thought ultimate had a
lot of fun
rich probably wouldn't like the little
goofy anime ish stuff that they do
because they you know like there's a lot
of like random weirdo cutaways and like
you know big eyed big mouth the stuff
but I enjoy that stuff I thought I
thought they brought a lot of humor to
it I'm like the whole team aspect you
know if there's a Power Man in there and
iron fist and Nova that was NEETs
late later on in the series the
animation got really shitty they must
have gotten their budget cut and the
story got out of control for which one
ultimate for all's right yep story got
absolute goddamn out of control and and
there the animation got shit shit and
that episode with Deadpool whoever
decided to do that Deadpool voice needs
to stop doing voice work because it was
awful
Chad don't worry about it I'm just not
addressing that bullshit anymore
great I'm done with JRPG talk boom like
forever boom boom that's great that's
courage chibi style is that what it's
called no idea can you tell a funny
weird story from high school did kill
wasn't says dirty act Ditka wasn't crazy
he just says strong and strange
principles now Dave sim he's fucking
crazy
you could argue they both have strong
principles you could what at what are
they strong Ditko's like famous
reclusive and Randy and conservative
Herman oh yeah funny yeah somebody
somebody talked to him about dr. strange
once in about how they loved all the
strange worlds and he expressed regret
that he thought it might have caused
some teens to use like LSD I was like
that's what I was trying to do
now what I wanted so Steve Ditko
regretted dr. strange because of the LSD
that's Steve Ditko in a nutshell Dave
sim I I don't know much about his
craziness I just know that Cerebus
became very very boring when it turned
into like 25 issues of Cerebus just
hanging out in a bar sure that's all I
really know a bunch apes defendant
feminism this or that and then in the
book became obsessed with bad oh yeah
yeah they were talking about service
once or twice before it crossed the line
it rode the line for a while between
crazy and genius and then eventually it
just went full-on crazy maybe it was
always crazy but you you know or just
waiting for the for the brilliance to
drop and never did did I get the mess
classic no because I have a computer
read into that what you will have you
heard and I this is I cannot confirm
this but I have read that the Ness
classic has already outsold the Wii U
I'm not at all surprised I've read this
what's the upside down Craster
this is a tough one this is a tough one
right here with jobs that they could go
home go big or go home
that was big you know what I just did
rich I went big might have been a really
terrible idea though rich know me to go
bigger go home read he steals his games
you know I also have a
there there I don't have that Ness the
old nest hooked up anymore I still do
have it I do have a crate full of old
games so if I were to hypothetically
have a digital copy of them on my PC I
wouldn't feel much guilt about it yep
gb1 says sup boys here's the 996 for a
final fantasy stream can't afford more
guess we'll just have to settle for one
spectacular stream of final fantasy 2
lol are my PG nice try nice try Knight
now there's 96 cents and that offer is
now permanently off the table because
I'm done having the constant JRPG
discussion about how I am wrong for not
liking JRPGs I'm tired of it you've had
that discussion a lot yep
I don't know what this is but I want it
can you try it out whoa
I've played a little bit of jagged
alliance that the new XCOM is like
ruined me for any other currently
existing tactical game yeah you find the
one you like yeah like even hard West
which copies a lot from the the newer ex
come I just can't get into partial ease
because the enemies aren't as
interesting and I enjoy the the
characters you make yourself in XCOM
more than the canned ones they kind of
threw at you in hard West that's what we
need right now room with a ton of
enemies this one oh yes this one will do
fine there we go
that's one we do fine any thoughts on
dead rising for rich any thoughts I'm
dead rising four yes I'm going to play
it soon I can't stand the fact that they
took out the timer
what makes Dead Rising one work is that
fucking amazing timer that you can't
you're not really supposed to do
everything in one run not at least not
your first time through and that
perfecting that is just a science Dead
Rising one was a just a wonderful puzzle
that I had many runs through that game
just trying to work out how to do it all
and when I when I did mine no death run
I did not like do a walk through watch a
walk through right and I watched youtube
videos that was my own route from years
of playing that fucking game and I was
adjusting it as I tried the different no
death runs well maybe maybe if I go do
this first it'll work a little bit
better that was great
Dead Rising 4 doesn't have any of that
because they just threw out the fucking
timer people think it's too hard okay
you neutered your fucking game idiots
and then it's not a deal-breaker but it
is irritating that they recast Frank
West I have a hunch I'm right about this
it would be even more irritating if I
could confirm that the reason they did
it is so they can get a Canadian voice
actor so they can get a tax break as
they are a Canadian dev team I believe
that's it I think that's the reason that
they didn't have to steven Russell voice
Garrett in the thief reboot because the
devs were in Canada and then get some
kind of like tax break or something by
by using an awl by handing up an all
Canadian production so they had to find
a Canadian actor yeah that would be
shocking
fuck you I could I could be wrong for
all I know the original voice actor Rob
JT Rollo's
name I forget what his name is if that
could be wrong and maybe he's Canadian
too and there was entirely different
reasoning behind the recast but I got a
I got a bad feeling that said and it's
irritating but it might be a fun game I
will still warn the timer though I love
that timer in Dead Rising it's to me to
me it's like it's like they gutted 60%
of the game it's just gone
Canadians were in everything angry skip
a tip ahead to read it because this is
still on topic law react says please
watch this three-minute video about Dead
Rising four I'm sure rich will like it
wait until after the stream if you want
my god I'll check it out later I'm gonna
I'm gonna check out the game anyway but
I might my expectations are are low like
I said dead rising is a game on a timer
in my opinion taking that out you're
you're gutting the game trying to think
of um trying to think of an example
looks like that Binding of Isaac you
know I don't like that you have to earn
the different power-ups and build them
up I'm just gonna have like a preset
character that's got all the things
installed and you can never upgrade okay
why is this still is fun well yeah so
it's like maybe like yo you know but you
can choose your own build yeah you know
what yeah would still have part of the
same enjoyment but then it's like oh you
don't understand what makes this game
this game exactly still have part of the
same enjoyment right and I think that's
how I'm good I think that's how I'm
gonna feel about Dead Rising for sure
sure
like the hints of the game you love yes
but it's not all there for no good
reason absolutely no good reason okay
Tomic mousetrap says I bought a Virtual
Boy with my own money when it came out I
was 15 I guess what I'm saying is that I
don't feel guilty
pirating Nintendo games that's fine it's
funny I like it slim you ship Bob says
hey you guys are fans of roguelikes and
soul style games you might like let it
die it's a fantastic combination of the
two set in a
surd gory post-apocalyptic Japan and
it's free you fucks right and we put
that on though we'll try it list yep
I'm leery of the it's free uh yeah you
know did that generate bombs did you
lose bombs because of that that
generated by okay it's just explosive
diarrhea yeah it's just you know a poop
out bombs and they can't hurt you okay
it did not take my bombs no no says Jack
yeah I checked out the no clip
documentaries this afternoon and they
were wonderful to watch really
high-quality really were even I who
doesn't care much for games was super
impressed and subscribe to them oh good
yes quality when I saw was quality very
like it's just good storytelling you
know hey these people wanted to make
something like their rocket League how
how this rinky-dink team went from just
like were the geeks who happen to know
how to code in Unreal 3 or whatever to
making just a fantastic game what's
what's wrong with free
what's wrong with free is that I think
sometimes free free games means keep
paying incrementally forever if you want
to have a not frustrating experience
it's not usually how about translates I
think there's two ways yeah either keep
paying incrementally if you want to have
a not frustrating experience or we don't
think this is worth anything or you paid
for hats which I'm okay with if it's the
equivalent of you pay for at one point
you had to pay 50 I'm fine but you know
I think there are some games that are on
my list that are just free-to-play games
that I'm sure just some ones like this
is a joke and it's not a real game
kill Gerty - I got your message
great accidentally double tips Oh
then he said don't read the other tip
because I double time okay I'm with you
I got you oh great great
so how you scroll on this new fangled
twitch are you in two finger scroll nope
wait oh wait there goes which you can't
do in chatty so it might be better you
might be able to also touchscreen it if
that your thing see these are the eyes
coming hey rich I was able to get XCOM
enemy unknown for two dollars and XCOM
to 420 surprised by how much I love them
thank you for the recommendation I was
glad when something like that happens
yeah and honestly even if we hated
something and they bought it because the
way while we were just hating still
sounded good to them oh yeah I'm happy
with that too you know is I'm not an AI
really not a complete asshole yeah not
as much as it might seem not as much as
you're portrayed to be you know the less
guardian look beautiful and things he's
talked about not like I didn't really
bother to that much I loved it oh it did
look beautiful
Jen just in general Last Guardian rich
what is the artiest film that I actually
like dark City Oh made me some other
irty films what's what's our like what
is already what what makes arty
I've never I've never seen all of 2001
now when I saw 2001 I was a kid and I
was just too young for it at the time
yeah I was like I was born I loves
anything space right but very slow and
that was a highly acclaimed film that
took place in space yeah there's like as
boring yeah I probably need to give it
another chance someday but yeah you do
you do that's that's one of those you
should really see not I'm not a complete
asshole just kind of an asshole well
yeah yeah that's fine nothing wrong with
that really you know you know what that
you know that just means on that means
I'm fucking honest with people and I'm
not full of shit well you can't bullshit
when I what I don't like something yeah
so you know yo you're you're not you're
not you never waver yeah yeah I like you
guys too much to feed you bullshit
that's the thing we're not we're not
we're not here to do you know we're not
that's why we're not going to play you
know always the hottest newest game
we're not going to do the things we
would play the horror games and scream
like little children no we're not going
to insult your intelligence yeah do you
like that thing that I really like and
you know my two options are I could lie
or I could say well no not really
you couldn't do it convincingly if you
tried that's very true
you know whatever just make me
Despicable then
I'd rather be lied to it's this leftover
beefcake nope nope
let's try one of these greet along the
runs gonna do a greed run
sure you can what is a great aren't you
the fucking guy who's got hundreds of
hours in this game and you don't know
what I agreed won it run is my don't
alright cuz that's a that's an
afterbirth thing okay so it's it's still
relatively new to you and afterbirth
isn't out on the Vita well I'm still
gonna something to do with money and and
spending money maybe not being able to
spend it
maybe things cost twice as much I'm just
gonna play what's what's my opinion on
David Lynch my opinion is that you
should ask Jay about David Lynch yeah
he's the one yeah Jay could spend the
entire night talking about David Lynch I
like his return to the Jedi story David
David was David Lunz right it made me
sick he showed me a picture of something
called a wookie and it made me sick what
are you to look up David Lynch talking
about directing Return of the Jedi it
took me to a restaurant they only serve
salad it's a great video it's a great
great video
okay I should have spent that 500 key
both of you guys can only play one game
for the rest of your life what would it
be
you're looking at it at this point is
probably XCOM I'll say - it seems to
have a lot of replayability okay to me
over there are games I like but I can't
see myself playing them forever I love I
love that her doom yeah that's good
I can't play that for eternity and
nothing else right yeah that all about a
good old fast I might be able to do that
with ex-cop okay
what is it for you jack is it this visit
so far I have played this for quite some
time
thank Jeff great and that's great rich
my coworker thinks x-com is god dammit
chat scroll I can't read it if I don't
hear I want to read that I want to
comment on that this is why I don't read
chat comments that much because I
freakin can oh fucking touch pads are
worthless fucking touch pants
the chat is scrolling naturally faster
than I could scroll with a goddamn
touchpad and I can't find it
and I can't get to it because it's
scrolling you're saying too much and
that's wonderful the person's comment
I'd read their name but I can't it
boiled down to their boss think XCOM is
boring because it's turn-based how do I
convince them otherwise you don't you
let them enjoy what they want to enjoy
and maybe it's not for them and that's
ok yeah it's very wise rich very wise
gobbledygook says rich can you please
say garbage day no I can't
even though apparently I just did you
can't say garbage I cannot say garbage
day okay garbage day is the word I
cannot say garbage day interesting oh
fuck
I just looked up the first time in a
while what are you wearing like a dress
with a chicken nest on your egg in a
bird nest on your head and a medical
mask and you're shooting out dodge balls
am i correct
no I have a belt on that's a belt looks
like a dress you know I'm naked it's a
belt I do have a medical mask on and I'm
shooting out giant blood tears I
honestly thought they were dodge balls
they're just giant blood tears and
that's not an S that it wasn't like a
crown of thorns just round of thorns
yeah why is it floating
I don't I don't know there's so much
about this game that I don't know about
particularly this iteration of the game
okay so I think I figured that so like
this is like an arena yeah I had to beat
enough people and that gave me money and
I think I get to go to the net oh I do I
get to go to the next area now how is
this different so far there's no levels
like look that's the hole ma'am okay and
I had to play that middle room like
eight times and now I'm progressing I
think this is different this is new for
me because like I said this is not on my
Vita okay I got the club that's great we
definitely want shielded tears yes those
are great the shelf behind looks like
it's going to collapse put some tapes on
it which shelf looks like it's gonna
collapse
um there's one over here that is warped
and I am worried it's going to collapse
it'll be just be a bridge BlueCross
moment when we get to it right how do I
feel about Brazil and Time Bandits I
haven't seen Brazil but I remember
loving Time Bandits Time Bandits was
good fun I know I probably need to see
Brazil
I need to see Brazil yeah you haven't
seen it either okay then we can both be
wrong I don't know if I've seen Time
Bandits Time Bandits is fun Time Bandits
sounds really familiar it's been way too
long since I've seen it sure that sounds
like one that I have seen that's it's a
group of little people and a
ten-year-old boy who go on adventures in
time okay I don't believe I don't think
I've seen it and then they fight David
Warner at the end
it was good and pretty much everything
he's never been in David Ward oh okay I
don't know names you should know that
about me what's another thing David
Warner I thought he was the villain in
the there are four lights episode he was
that Kardashian I'm trying to blink on
other things he's been in which is
terrible Stern daddy says thanks for
your content guys rich have you tried
XCOM enemy within with the long war mod
it's honestly great to the point where I
would never go back to playing without
it I I have read about the changes
they've made I
I would love just to have the changes
they made the strategic layer that all
sounds great I don't I'm less confident
about their tactical changes I know
they've expanded the roster to like 12
men at most
which seems like too damn many the the
perk tree it seems like they made it a
kind of a convoluted large mess where
every every tree is every every level
has three choices and I think I think I
like the more I think I would appreciate
I don't think I would like their changes
I think I'd prefer the more streamlined
vanilla game tactical game I wouldn't
mind it if I could just separate out the
strategic stuff
did terry gilliam ruin Johnny Depp's
career by introducing him to the quirky
characters he played until recently no
he made that fucking career Johnny
Depp's career is all based on those
quirky characters where would you need
to be one off the quirky character he
would just be the pretty boy from 21
Jump Street that nobody would remember
yep that's where Johnny Jeff Depp would
be without the quirky character yeah
without without itching that artistic
side of him he would be you'd be nothing
it gave his career 20 years longer than
it would have had normally David Warner
was the heavy intron yeah I was thinking
that was somebody else but that was
David Warner
that's something I always appreciated
about Johnny Depp he could have easily
have coasted his whole career as the
pretty boy
yeah and rolled that out until it
naturally ended he didn't and you know
what
I appreciate the hell arm for that
I'm something most people don't even
realize now that he started out as the
teen heartthrob in a TV series yeah I
spell yeah everyone just knows him is
the quirky guy uh yeah you're probably
right
you're probably right why are you giant
what power group is that I got it was a
pill that said one pill makes you larger
it seems bad it seems like you're just a
bigger target I think it's both good and
bad we're I'm a bigger target but my
tears also seem to be bigger okay so I
can hit things easier and I can get hit
all right probably pros and cons I
didn't really know what it did so I took
it because that's what I do I just take
all the pills plus I appreciate the
white rabbit reference yeah are your
tears like shields right now they are
that's that seems very useful it's a big
thing readily useful so like I can't get
hit which is great I'm also like you
know I'm having trouble hitting them
what actually your target stays the same
when you were larger well there you go
I don't want that helmet just the tears
don't get bigger oh hey change change oh
fuck what makes you larger let's see
what doesn't see this Cape weird with it
my dad and that shit
oh so that's a black heart not an empty
heart yeah I don't shoes either I do I
want shoes it's just more range I don't
need more range don't want any of this
shit rich maybe you don't maybe I don't
you know what you're right
just face some bosses what are you
dodging we dad don't weave I don't quite
understand this guy so I got caught up
like my giant size little bit of
something fine everything's fine
oh fuck this guy I hate this guy oh oh
that's Rob my blocking tears god I love
that shielded tears are great don't get
stuck uh I don't quite understand this
game mode yet every time a new enemy
comes at you you get more money yeah
which is great it's the more waves you
kill the more money you get the more
things you can buy I suppose
that's neat I'm assuming how much money
I spend also like changes something
about greed greed is the final boss in
this mm-hm
and so I'm guessing that that also
changes like how much how hard he is at
the end maybe if I spend too much money
he's like really difficult I don't know
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck what what
secret thing oh I want to beat them now
I mean I obviously wanted to beat them
all the time but I really want to beat
them now that's not looking good I
noticed that really not looking good
it would just help if I could be one of
them you know right there we go there we
go there we go what the fuck is that
that's chest I've never seen that just
before can I open those presumably I
have two keys well you got an out not
the worst every locked interesting hello
how weird well I just keep opening this
I don't have any idea I'm so freaked out
is it a glitch I don't know you finally
hit the bottom I'm okay with that
all right great that's right we got a
secret thing I have all the monies now
which is great and more monies let's go
buy some shit oh yeah oh man that shit's
good all right let's go to the next
level oh wait no keys do you have any
keys on keys white chest close and
reopen a random number of times
buy more hearts if you can
oh you can't you get it okay great all
right great I think
oh you know Jax did great I think I
think I'm doing great I have I have no
idea how I'm doing as I've never played
this mode before why is one heart to
code that's a white heart and as you see
right now it now because I carried that
to heart over to the next level I get a
lion heart game another heart gave me
another heart container oh that thing I
wonder what that thing does let's find
out what what what you charge your
battery what do you what do you want
yeah it's got soul hearts there
oh I knew oh shit all right great
spiders so we want box of spiders
definitely one matchbook shit
alright alright
we're doing great I think the shop
restocks all items exclamation point
exclamation point exclamation point
I noticed that thank you thank you thank
you alright let's fucking let's do this
let's keep on keepin on
keep on let's keep on fighting the good
fight I got the recharge baby apparently
and the recharge maybe a randomly gives
me more batteries and I have the box of
uh I'll fall my fucking god Jesus Jesus
Jesus fuckin Christ
oh I have the 48 hour energy - oh god
I'm such a dummy such a dummy rich I
don't know what's going on it's a little
nuts
fuck how fucking hell shoot shoot the
things I'm shooting the things
shoot him better shave things better
you're right you're right you're right
shoot the things better
oh great should save you money to buy
other things Jack Carol I you know I
don't know what's happening some things
so they're like rounds or something I
died I don't I just don't know I would
like to tell you the answer to that
question remember you're blacking tears
black light it's blocking tears no
there's just there's also not a lot of
room to maneuver and that makes it a
little more difficult but that's fine
that's fine okay yeah okay so that's
that buy more permanent items is the
chat range up that doesn't help Oh or
this one I think helps me
hello that's great dinner oh oh oh sure
great that did something a lot of stuff
that's great you can also go through an
11th round to unlock the devil / angel
room yes and I've been doing that he's
been doing that chat I've been doing
that but thank you to come back for that
that picture and get three more since I
think they can get through more sense oh
you again gosh darn you I don't I'm
fucking I don't like you said you don't
run into them but every possible
opportunity
what's a I'll be honest I've been
playing him wrong and great nope nope
all right great
fucking guy okay great
we did it I know I want that you oh
Jesus oh I want Jesus juice any more
money how did you go through all of that
money I bought shit how did he do that
I bought shit okay oh oh you are you ran
out of town you fuck you fuck you fuck
you fuck you fuck you
don't forget about my box of spiders get
them spiders fight me fight me in real
life so get a weak spot on his back yeah
but my tears don't move incredibly fast
yeah do you do damage til normally
anyway no see not nothing in the front
damn damn oh oh that's it what how did
that happen we do skinny B Bob Bob was
impossible to not be able to defeat him
no I just take smile like I only have
like two more hits I need to get him Q
like look how low his health is he's
gonna help either bye-bye at the bottom
oh wow I say yeah fine fuck man
I'm very sorry
let's do it let's fucking do it so I can
do it let's fucking do it let's fucking
do it
but what seems like you're really strong
against anything shootie yeah cuz the
shield to you yeah anything good
flies over the one flies so the head is
flies which is but I already have box of
spiders right but the Flies will
recharge more so I want that here's the
question there's paw yeah will cost me
one heart and then at any point I can
eat a heart and gain a couple soul
hearts nom regenerative arts this is
your call I can't make call like this
you're the Isaac man what's the book do
I don't remember
probably not that I'm good yes yes yes
get the paw no too late I've already not
gotten the pot he can't go back can't go
back I've already not gotten the paw I
want that Jesus juice how much is the
Jesus juice 15 cents can I bomb you you
need you did some more rounds I came out
the back here what did that do that
changed everything and then changed all
the items so much for you Jesus juice oh
hello but you're cheaper now well shit
whatever alright moving on moving on did
you go in the yellow good door yep I
didn't see you going the Eldar at the
start of the way shit start anything I
want are you sure I had the one thing I
know not Isaac is you I always go in the
yellow door always go in the yellow I
started it by going in the other as
you'll see on this one I'm gonna go in
the other all right away what was that
oh oh well this could suck or be great
you can suck do you have to do it I have
to do what the charge yeah that's bad
that's considerably bad but look blah
yeah that's gonna block everything that
comes my way and
barrage them in a barrage go beyond the
green door go beyond the green door what
look for the secret room okay they
didn't look you might have missed
something I probably missed something
all right let's see how let's see how
bad my decision for getting most rows
long was that very bad very bad very
very bad no it's gonna find it's like a
shotgun rich look at this black that
fuck
just gotta move just gotta move just
gotta move
fucking vomit ghosts get right out of
town
Oh a spider you dick
fuck you fuck you fuck you also fuck you
also fuck you
who I made it I made it I made it I have
18 cents I don't think that oh oh wait I
think I want this I don't fuckin know
yes giant spiders in flies I wanted that
I did want that and I'm I knew okay
great
alright great so now my flies are more
powerful yeah oh that's not bad yeah
look at that three shots down seems less
good against the mobs of little guys
yeah yeah that's okay we got we got
bigger fish to fry okay
oh you dick
so interesting to watch it's got the
things he's doing with all this stuff
doing all the things and stuff
bombs everywhere fuck this this sucks
this we're not happy about this but this
is also an enemy I'm not terribly
familiar with this is a Hutu after birth
so yes all right did it great did it oh
good I'll just take that
great great we're doing great we're
doing great
we're doing great maybe it's also very
possible that we're not doing great
that's a fucking idea right neither
neither do I rich what's something
episode of that pained or that red stuff
treasure but it'll hurt me hmm
usually it's not like really good
treasure I and here we go here we go
we're making it this is my first time
doing a greed run by the way and I'm
this is pretty far I think so well you
do play this a lot I thought I do a play
Isaac a lot right so I'm just saying so
I just know not only you giant but your
flies are also giant yes there's a theme
a parent is a clear theme we're doing
something we are doing something yeah
all right let's how did that why did
that hurt me I don't fucking know well I
know why that hurt me
what you did good I don't know if I did
actually think I might oh but I think I
keep accidentally stepping on the off
switch which has spikes on it yeah
look didn't see that coming
was that well it spider I think oh Jesus
Christ I have not fought these enemies
either
we're doing great we're doing great
we're doing great I don't know what just
happen but can we make that happen again
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
what and what who doing great doing
great everybody we're doing great I
think I want this
oh I eat a martyr no I didn't want that
fuck whatever whatever
great let's keep moving it's item word
or do what does item martyr do I think
this is the one where if I get hit it
just gives me a random item yeah
which could be good but I wanted the one
that recharged my flies what which I
guess it could be this when I forget I
often forget like what each individual
item does it's too much shit there's a
lot of shit happening on screen you just
have to kind of get get used to that you
know and right now it's the little
enemies that'll kill me it's these
little fucking spiders that seem to be
getting me yep
ah oh shit red poop
red poop that go away when he's dead no
no it sticks around and it's gonna kill
me fuck it right right the fuck out of
town great great
I'm not gonna do the devil room this
time why not because I got to deal with
that red poop man I don't want to deal
with the red poop okay shit huh okay you
shoot it yeah but then it comes back you
sure didn't go in the room huh she
didn't go in the room
well no I got to fight another enemy if
I want to go in the devil room oh um I
don't want to deal with that I'm just
gonna I'm just gonna check out that
greed see what he's all about
all right see if I can uh you can do
something here all right that's good
let's get nuts people let's get nuts
here we are
greed go greed ultra greed oh go ahead
ultra green we're here oh okay OOP what
okay ultra-green here we go look at this
guy
cool
what yeah this is cool see bigger than
normal I don't know if he's bigger than
normal or if that's his normal size that
I've never fought greed before okay this
is my first time he's new to this one
yeah
I'm not doing terribly well I've been
hit a lot the good thing is this is the
one that uh that refills my I don't know
if that's a good thing but it does
refill my ideally every time I is that
hurting him yes yes it is
I think it's spawning guys oh shit is
fucking hell
fucking fuck hell
I think I gotta get rid of these coins
yep yep that gives in power
thank you some power the coins given
power Oh nope that spawns guys fucking
okay not gonna win I'm not gonna win
which is fair you know like go learn
don't give up yet Jack don't give up
Joe God give up give up yeah monstros
lung not not great for for this the bar
flung here not the greatest
where these keys while I can't oh oh
well that was fun
almost Jack that was fun I would enjoyed
it it was different
oh I got sweaty palms now though oh
alright I think I forgot sir I know
Jenny I did watch her I turned you
turned out you're a good man Jack I good
man I wanna get out of this here all
alone Oh
ultra greed is a fucker he is a fucker
that was that was that was new that was
a new experience for me but man that was
neat I like his big coin bombs taking me
that was a really good run though nice
play jacks oh hey thanks thanks rabid
coal wolf thanks rabid Kolff now is the
point on the stream in which we thank
all of the people who have subscribed to
us during the stream much like Captain
James May cyber cat Mario Mario 42 for
30 fucking months in a row Mario Mario
says holy shit thirty I've been sub more
than 10 percent of my life love you
Franz mister shy smile 26 fucking months
in a row MC Lucas 30 fucking months in a
row MZ Lucas says late stream last last
stream ever Wow 30 months was a good run
no one at all says a digger blue Swango
Lee says hi that's a penny
seven of board Maine says I love food I
love to put it in my face
Fresno bob says three-month anniversary
happy winter solstice you hag frauds and
cephalo pathetic
I had sound that one out in my head yeah
yeah says three fraudulent months solid
KGB carry Farkas says Jack I have one
grievance general Oh Hawaii have a great
how did it
oh hi oh can we get the loot some no oh
boy have a great holiday guys here's one
general he has one grievance one
grievance in general I get it now I get
it vice versa man says add a message to
the streamer wait how do I Malone mods
and a melon Madden's 87 says love the
show
that's me Lynette Miller that's proper
name milla milla nuns 87 said it right
that time
I feel feel like I've redeemed myself
AJ pips all says thanks again for the
best podcast to play rocket leagues you
poke Alex in the eyes is 3 fuckin and
fraudulent months in a row people do
people try to yeah they're gonna fake
the fucking never fake the fucking
striker 1 1 2 1 19 months in a row I
love you crusty arnica Shrek's says
here's two terribly drawn cgi faces
understatement of the fucking year Jesus
that was terrible no fear no Envy 22
fucking months in a row blog
whoo three months of Amazon giving you
guys some of the money I give them oh
gee nasty Jash shed um Friday 13 months
in a row says be excellent to each other
and party on dudes
dr. soya days 20 fucking months in a row
20 goddamn motherfucking cocksucking ass
looking titty biting nipple twisting
balls slapping dick swinging months in a
row Merry Christmas and may the love of
Jesus be in your hearts that was
excellent doctor so hey thank you HAP 78
14 months in a row
ex ex Devastator feel spin just this guy
you know twenty four fucking months in a
row oh shit my subscription is now a
toddler no more poopy diapers for you
just this guy you know jyggalag 35 says
well I got twitch prime free for a year
so here's a free year of subscribing to
some hack frauds thank you Sangster mr.
glitch 25 fucking months in a row says
marry rich piss and a Jackie New Year I
get it I get it
medival oven mad velvet meta velvet says
do you guys like sushi I'm allergic to
seafood I love it time foam bath Rae
that's a strange one sorry Chen it's the
end of the stream reminder to watch the
thing I sent you haha
if you already have never mind merry
xmas Chernobyl kinsmen 20 fucking months
in a row thanks for 20 fucking months of
entertainment have a great Christmas and
a Happy New Year love you guys xx
krokodil brain 26 fucking months
a row look my love bids the ark better
that's it the ark matter the ark matter
okay
dark matter 17 months in a row emerged
look frickert that's her Maggard Larimer
kirk what raven dark night lavend dark
night i get it to see chucks test
chabela Jerris crust says yeah I'm done
with teaching for the semester and can
finally enjoy a live stream welcome jars
gross
Zack is wack Merry Christmas you fuckos
thanks for all the hard work
oz Mike twenty four fucking months and
roses hey it's my second year of
continuous anniversary thanks for all
the fun you guys looking forward to more
thank you Jeff five three three five no
Jeff five three three three slashed from
ducktales twenty six fucking months in a
row
thanks for keeping me sane that's fine
it's funny it's funny l Alec Alec slow
Alex low that's what it is it's Alec
slow the Duke of prune says I forgot to
cancel my subscription
top ramens 22 fucking months in a row
top ramens says when will the half of
the bag for rogue one start filming two
days ago
my name is tape 18 months in a row oh
you gonna say what you can do what are
you gonna do I was gonna say you guys
are gonna do a little more in-depth
analysis on it there are some sets that
needed to be built think think you're
gonna watch the movie again tomorrow and
maybe film the next week or so okay evil
Lord David says hey guys David here for
two months in a row I sincerely hope
2017 is kind to you and your loved ones
schists esri subscribed for 31 fucking
months in a row
slap nuts 73 doctor cooter cooter Hager
15 monster roses two weeks ago was my
12th month anniversary twitch counts
like star wars four five six one two
three seven three nine eight three five
nine and ten T Iraq the ancient 12
months in a row zombie death spot will
Steve the ghost says almost died three
times in the way home
fuck snow and I know fuck that snow let
go face G shots 27 fucking months and
roses thanks for all the streams
I got a de Binding of Isaac because of
you guys you can conquer greed mode Jack
I know you can he couldn't he couldn't
he couldn't and didn't but I can okay
that's fair he didn't but can but I
didn't but he did give her mind about
that Longshanks 22 fucking months in a
row Longshanks 1 says thanks for all the
content packet racquet gaming
chet v ant eater
atomic mousetrap double Meg dream sign
usery name 26 fucking months in a row
physics fiend too much nuki oh my god I
almost forgot to share this dr.
Smoketree says looks like I'm a bit late
Quinn some niak ends us with the lulz
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
sure we really do we really do and then
this being my last room of the Year
Happy New Year to all of you and Merry
Christmas we won't do it I'll be doing a
solo on Wednesday yeah I'm saying for me
yeah oh yeah people know I just let the
people know I just wanted to do they get
the word out to do a sincere ending
instead of like the funny ending that we
usually do where it's like you know you
gotta pull the rug out from under them
but I want you can't yet point to the
rug before you do it you say here look
at that rug and then you
