Wrighting Wrongs (Phoenix Wright Part 3)
May 22, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eMsftXlDEdg

all right all right all right we gotta
talk to her we gotta talk to this
bidding you know the family but I mean I
want us to be like I'm your lawyer
what about your family
I'm a headless sister you're not
southern I it's too easy known to fall
under them you're right
my father died when I was very young and
I don't know where my mother is she
could still be alive right let's let's
open that wound up stick a knife in
there and twist it open
I want me to my family have been mediums
for generations no I don't want to talk
about your crazy a lot of spiritual
power runs and I plug I know I don't
want to talk about your stupid religion
tell me about your mother about 15 years
ago our family was involved in a
incident Oh was a human sacrifice to
appease a guru a guru
Oh he says he's a being of immense power
and we believe that next Tuesday he is
coming to save the world
next Tuesday you say okay hope there was
a man there was a man and and he
he ruined her mother's life ruined he
got her pregnant with my sister
after that she disappeared several years
after that my sister announced she would
become a lawyer and she left the
mountain so you live by yourself no
boyfriend husband boyfriend husband
you're very subtle boyfriend I'm being
sarcastic yeah
can i watch I guess is what I'm saying
you know I can't participate but yes
I've I've gotten used to it
Oh also I had to become independent
where I would lose my powers what I feel
bad for her so dumb
I'll buy herself up on that mountain
okay yeah that's a good place to go so
who was this man who um ruined your
mother about 15 years ago there was an
unusual murder case it made quite a
stare everyone was talking about it
apparently the police for running out of
leads
and they were getting desperate
desperado Anthon antonio banderas good
no I get it I get it there's an okay
movie you know Robert yeah yeah good God
in the guitar case well that was a fun
scene
he's pretty great wait didn't you use a
spirit wait what they didn't use a
spirit medium did they the police
convinced my mother try to contact the
victim wow so what happened I'm sure
everything turned out roses the case was
solved we thought you thought yeah
barely all the information we came up
through our spirit medium powers it was
all wrong everything every last bit of
it we thought you know she was near
water she was with water something water
they found early the desert just ran
away to the desert we had a whole family
convinced she was dead drowned to death
she she just went to Burning Man just
what The Burning Man the man my mother
helped the police capture was innocent
what how how could you ever think this
Louise's consultation where the medium
had all been carried out and secret of
course because they don't want that shit
can please the press I'll tell you a man
found out about it and leaked it to the
press he told all the papers that my
mother was a fraud media jumped at a big
time all of us the terrible media
jumping on you for being wrong when
you're when you're wrong 90% of the time
they just don't understand all all we
did was wrongfully commit a man of
murder all we did was consult the
spirits to tell them the ancient wisdom
of the ninth dimension my mother became
the laughingstock of the nation nobody
took her totally serious power seriously
after they had
yes white actually because well I think
you're Asian white is this is this white
Asian I don't know what am I getting at
is this is this about the ghost in the
machine
testing I'm kind of terrified of what
this next lines gonna be now really
Thanks
oh oh excuse me are we whitewashing this
conversation now that was his name-o oh
thank god that's all it is Oh whew my
sister told me yes just a little longer
now before the state appointed lawyer
comes I guess listen I get it that I
knew it this but you come on yep sit by
tomorrow what should I do
I just leave her and go home no Phoenix
I wonder if go home was like a game over
I was just thinking that like I don't
want to test it because I really want I
don't want I don't want to know what
we'd have to go back and redo right so
I'm gonna defend it
I've made up my mind it has nothing to
do with your wishes I'm going to defend
you whether he want me to or not really
cuz my psychic powers tell me that you
were just gonna go home they were run
again huh huh more so you can just do
that I'm your lawyer now no I don't know
no really there's a state-appointed
lawyer on the way I'm going to tell them
that I'm your lawyer
Oh No go why would you do this to me why
well yeah but what would be exciting
someone else is the culprit ah how do
you know do you have psychic powers too
because I saw the cutscene hi I have a
hunch well go good because this is
usually far more accurate than our
predictions and in the medium business
yes that's right given the evidence it
would be easy to assume that Maya was
the killer but there's something about
this whole thing that smells I haven't
washed my lady parts in a week I'm sorry
bitch and you smell like the penguin
that witnesses strange behavior was that
all an act and the way the lawyer
refused to help out Maya but more than
all that she has no one left to help I
know I was low-hanging food I am ashamed
what lady bits yeah there's low-hanging
fruit yeah it was but it looks like this
is live broadcast folks live comes it
comes you know I'm saying you know I was
up saying nothing is more sad or more
lonely than that I know I've been there
a long long time ago why did I become a
lawyer in the first place because
someone has to look out for the people
if Phoenix Wright was in music oh thanks
moon front says no pro tip like it's so
doom song unless somebody is like a
kick-ass musical accompany my you just
go on from it we'll see what happens
all right probe tip says moon front yeah
you can press Start and save it nearly
every point in the game it's like the
saves and Sierra games they're your
friends you should actually probably
right now no you know what a dooma dooma
here's the thing you got in my head oh
no you put you put the doom song in my
head and then I got I started to get a
little psyched up you got in my head I'm
sorry I I could have didn't you can't
just let it flow ruin the stream
completely ruined a completely run Maya
I won't abandon you you can count on me
I'll be your lawyer girl I'll even waive
the fee you have to work objection in
the varible oh yeah that's right
well if that's for the court number
right objection your honor objection the
court objection the jury I just realized
that it'd be really hard to rhyme
something with the court I couldn't
think of anything to run anything the
court fort right sort of kitchen the
jury I'm building a fort out of evidence
if you want if you really want to you
know stretch it Mort
like death the victim is Mort will take
it to court
yes court I I went with caught listen
you got to come up with rhymes in two
seconds though that's the problems for
oh sport I like sport oh yeah yeah yeah
objection judge objection the jury
objection the court we won't be playing
games with my defense witness this is no
sport you know whatever Nick never girl
oh yes fYI Felix right as I recall it's
supposed to be set in Southern
California not Japan it's just Japanese
based strange but to my Latin but to my
knowledge true also it's an effing juror
in case you get it wrong I think is what
I said I got it right didn't I she said
Nevinger you might have said Nevinger
I don't know
that was a fine prediction that would we
get it wrong we usually do torte is the
word you're looking and then it's kind
of cutoff torte it's a legal term oh
really
huh that oh I see that would have been
great I don't know I don't know what
that means though what's this use use
tort and a sentence light torch does not
sound
localization is supposed to take place
in Seoul SoCal but the originals are in
Japan which causes problems later on
when extremely Japanese shit happens
okay okay torch is non criminal law kind
of hard to weave into thee really I just
need to not have the wrong be on court
oh I think nonnamous is just admit that
you rigged the wheel of the worst here's
here's the thing I like the new wheel I
like it the old wheel was the I'm gonna
use here closer necessary use them the
old wheel was the rigged wheel yeah not
really explain because the old wheel was
designed to look like a piece of shit
yeah I just use like random pieces of
wood when I built it yeah but the woods
were like different weights and I tried
my hardest to balance that wheel there's
a whole bunch of shit glued behind the
old wheel in a half-assed attempt to
balance it but it was never really
balanced yeah and the wheel favored one
side heavily over the other heavily
heavily and so I recently remade the
wheel I tried to get it more balanced
yes and and I also put like foam behind
there so it was more taut yeah which is
great by the way like or so when you
give it a good with the thing I love
about the new wheel is when you give it
a good spin it stops yes and it doesn't
the way if there is an unbalance the
weights not gonna carry it back of the
other way exactly which fish sometimes
what happened with the old wheel so this
is actually a far less rigged wheel and
I've seen all these comments like whose
brakes the rig and the wheel like like
we build some kind of complicated foot
pedal to stop it if we wanted to rig the
wheels we would just spin it until it
landed on the tape we wanted honestly
with editing that would be incredibly
easy to do yes this is what I get for
making the wheel more honest it's like
I'm very I'm looking forward to you
de-stress
the wheel to make it look a little more
Japanese look more but I like the new
wheel I like it and it is random yeah it
absolutely is the move the new one is
much more honestly random yes agreed
you're sniffing drugs
I'll save after we're done with this
conversation well
oh wait wait let's stand up my stand up
timer all right during your wheel
discussion everybody it's time to stand
up oh my legs
I figured it out so the easy rhyme is
like objection judge objection I say and
then you can rhyme with anything right
objection judge objection I say you will
find my client innocent today Tintin
didn't didn't didn't done the evidence
suggests a different story than they're
telling I'm not buying the bullshit
they're selling Phoenix shouldn't swear
though but that that's the song right
there
did what did you just recently like brie
watch the unbreakable kimmy schmitt
daddy's boy episode or something
the daddy's boy at the 1940s musical
daddy's boy musically it sounds like
that's what you got in your brain well I
mean and I just watched season two or
that might be season one the daddy's boy
I don't remember that's just like this
generic like operatic musical theater so
I'm not I'm not going for any song in
particular wait
Laurie Ave yah and says I think people
are saying the wheel was rigged because
before you always showed a wide shot of
the wheel stopping but in the new
episode it was all close-ups here's
here's what I'm gonna guess is what's
going on with that because I'm not the
editor
yeah but the new wheel doesn't spin for
his long that's true there might not be
time to hold on a wide and when it stops
it doesn't slow down new one that stops
pretty quick yeah and you want it to
stop in the close-up oh absolutely
because then you get that yeah you could
see what Atlanta everybody feels our
surprise absolutely yeah yeah yeah but
the new wheel isn't like a special
rigged wheel we wouldn't need that to
rig it we really wouldn't know you
it would be far easier to rig it it is
it is not right okay so Maya after this
tantalizing cliffhanger will you let me
be your lawyer let's fight this one and
get you out of here
right thank you you all bye negativity
but now for plot reasons I'm super
excited also remember that you have no
choice I'm doing this whether you like
it or not you are the man and my coat
does tell me that I have listened to
everything a man tells me that's alright
that's alright she smiled at least she
looks like an entirely different person
it's almost as if her mask is coming off
and her true reptilian form is coming
through
wait one before you transform completely
one last question you you are innocent
right what the fuck man
we just go through all this shit and
you're gonna you're gonna pull that card
on me now what's this
what's a state-appointed defense
attorney here I don't want this guy and
I trust you so you trust me - okay it's
a deal
so what's next
there's something that's been bugging me
maybe she has polio maybe she maybe she
just what was inside that strange woman
his drawer it was when I tried to look
in the drawer that she got all defensive
there has to be something in there I
guess I'll break the law what
Oh her phone
I got your phone hey I got your cell
phone back you're welcome Oh c-can I
listen to my sister's voice that's
depressing what what I don't want her to
delete it why would she want to delete
it I don't know
Maya's eyes closed she listened to every
word with such intensity before long
tears began to roll down her cheeks with
every bitch her heart seemed to flutter
a little bit if you remember her sister
call her a bitch a lot
rich did you fall asleep last we Thomas
says I'm Kenny Powers my explanation of
x-men apocalypse must have been boring
you I thought were done talking you know
reviews for apocalypse that have already
been coming out they've lifted the the
what do you call it I'm not sure what
you call it when you went like a movie
company or game companies as you can
yeah release reviews in Tillis room time
they've lifted that already the review
ban where words already hit the street
oh yeah no I'm people are saying
overwhelmingly negative things about it
yeah it's we it's just weird though I
think we do embargoes embargo Thank You
dick neutral Thank You dick neutral
that's exactly the word I was like all
right um we can't we can't talk all of
the stuff has a check mark on it okay I
guess we move just want to show our more
things do we have new things that you
just makes are they sure the autopsy
report this is a bad idea
sorry I've never seen that before
oh you know because my sister's never
been dead before
what a horrible death um I think I'm
gonna go try to get back to that biddies
apartment hello Bo boy Alfred Alfred
good afternoon sir excuse me you are oh
I beg your pardon sir
I am the bellboy of this establishment
at your service sir oh right I've just
come out oh I've just come up to deliver
a room service sir um do you know where
Miss Mae might be ah I believe our guest
miss Mike is currently using her you
know she's taking a shit
way to put it lightly that little lady
likes to shit she's in there twice a day
OOP OOP OOP plop plop plop ooh wrong
pellets strangely enough then she's
eating them this is what rabbits do you
don't poop yeah what what yeah make sure
they get the nutrients I don't I'm not
nature to share rich Evans if you've
known everything all but taking my life
I hope I do so hope that when I leave
this room I do not fall but it's alright
because what happens when we fall mr.
right what happens we get up get back up
I'm gonna leave now please stay as long
as you like yes I'll do that
wait no hey why does it seem like every
time I come here I end up embarrassing
myself Snooper oh I almost forgot one
moment I know you have got probably go
snoop around a bit yeah you came back
quick might I ask you to inform this
mate dad there is a message for ya
please tell her that mr. white of blue
cock phoned mr. white just gonna put
that in bold right there mr. white I'm
not sure if you've heard that name
before us I reckon I reckon you have not
because why would you why it's also a
pretty normal name
oh right sure I'll let her know mr.
white of blue Corp white blue so many
colors I'm red with anger Oh another
color
damn you Crayola
recycle toilet paper is this building
gone green
oh they flashed back to her saying why
she does it she said that two seconds
ago
rinji after dark says rich would you say
you were delighted by mouches mike's
couch lifts his hey I had a drink on
there and not a big deal I just got
another drink I wanted him to go full
tip though like he seemed to be he
seemed to voice out he seemed to worse
out over the couch thing hey if I would
I ended up breaking the table or
something fucked up yeah problem oh so
this is a flashback so he has alright
light was the name of the guy who ruined
Mia and Mayas mother mom on the ball
he maybe he murdered Mia and Maya's
mother
Miah Miah murderer
my oh my a my a murder mother mother
fucker it's moot could it be a
coincidence
look in the drawer look in the drawer
look at the kind of lawyer I you cuz
it's not a coincidence there's a
screwdriver sticking out of that
half-open door now's my chance to see
what's inside what do we have here a
wiretap what would a woman be doing with
a thing like this I mean does she even
know how it works I think I've been
hanging around with that cop for too
long
oh and I guess I'll just steal that it
is now completely inadmissible mr. right
how do we have any proof that that was
in the the witnesses hotel room you
pulled it out of your pocket say this
search warrant is unwarranted there is
definitely something suspicious about
this miss may why would she have
something like this in her hotel room
well there's a story behind all of this
I know it all right I'll be using this
bit of evidence in tomorrow's trial
Phoenix is the worst lawyer ever I am
also going to type out a confession and
hand that to the judge okay I'm gonna
make her sign it right in front of the
judge I might have to smack her around a
little bit I'm sure that will be fine
Maya sake Oh get to this woman's bottom
oh wait
I'm Kenny powerses Kenny fucking powers
returns Richard can you announce this
Mason Lee I'm coming for you
motherfucker
bye Oh Mason Lee I'm coming for you
mother fucker somebody knows okay great
someone Kenny fucking powers knows
specifically who it is this is a lot
less obvious but we don't need to know
oh my god this oh that's not your name
who's that
what oh I'm just wondering I'm hoping
someone in the chat says who that is
for me message they're gonna play for
some time in Oh a friend could be my
guess that's a big deal
the audio will be used in court right
it's gonna use it as evidence to frame
us Your Honor I have this recording of
rich Evans saying Mason Lee I'm coming
for you motherfucker
Oh Oh bellboy still there uh it's time
to score I am I look forward to tangoing
with you tomorrow miss me in court
I mean oh shit to be done done done save
yes
saving September 7th 10:00 a.m.
district court courtroom number one
here it is here's the trial we were
ready for this rich those good kind of
meat you got i like obviously like we're
dicking around
yeah we're joking around like i think i
can see why this is a popular series
yeah this would be a fun this is a
perfect mobile game well you pick up
some evidence put it down for a little
bit pick it back up we're gonna do some
stuff i agree this is a fun whole just
know in session for the trial that miss
may have fade the prosecution is ready
your honor
the defense is ready your honor
better not show any signs of weakness
today or it'll be on me in an instant
mr. Edgeworth please give the court your
opening statement
oh thank you your honor the defendant on
this may a fee
was that scene of the crime he's so cool
and I went why'd you even buttered toast
when do we break for lunch my those are
does he read this article that confused
okay here you the prosecution has
evidence she committed this murder we
have a witness saw her do it
prosecution sees no reason to dump facts
this Canton doesn't it
ma real isn't it yeah grg your my yeah
the prosecution has no reason to doubt
that in this case there and Your Honor I
see
thank you mr. Edgeworth let's begin then
we make collar first witness your honor
the breasts you should calls chief
officer seen that detective gumshoe
bumbling yep look bonds it's my name is
bonds witness uh please state your name
and profession to the court say my name
is Sonny bonds I'm the detective in
charge of homicides down at the precinct
sir
no detective gumshoe please describe for
us the details of the murderer this is
murder right i I got a confused I got a
traffic accident at 7 minutes 10 I
missed the traffic Oh God which murder
is this Mary will say let me use this
floor map of the office to explain the
body was found by this window here and
the cause of death
Oh loss of blood due to being struck by
a blunt object Oh
the murder weapon was a statue of the
thicker found next to the body it was
heavy enough to be a deadly weapon even
in a girl's hands this is serendipity it
Seren fucking diffidence so beautiful
it's just so beautiful Richard
the court accepts the statue as evidence
I I took it out of Phoenix Wright's
pocket he's been carrying it this whole
time by the way no no actually a very
close replica to the actual murder
weapon is Phoenix Wright showed me one I
just went to the I went to the dollar
store and I brought another statue of
the thinking they're still calling it a
statue
it's a clock what if you remember it's a
clock tells the time mr. fancy-pants
lawyer with your facts yes yeah okay uh
no detective yes you immediately
arrested Miss Faye was found at the
scene cracked again can you tell me why
because she was the meta suspect what do
you think i arrested it she was there
because she was jaywalking she wasn't
she was this somebody had to commit the
crime I had hard evidence she did it
detective gumshoe please testify to the
court about this hard evidence and I
will only say this once to the entire
court no boner jokes you're probably
better for the judgeship is my guess
yep and you're already in it I said go
for it I'm sure I'm gonna have a ton of
shit later so oh here we go witness
testimony okay as soon as the phone call
came in I rushed to the scene after
stopping to get donuts and and the the
strip club there were two people there
already in the four hours it took me to
get to the crime scene the defendant
miss mayor Fay and the lawyer mr.
Phoenix right Maya her name's Maya and
that whatever
look she's a criminal as far as I'm
concerned I immediately arrested mrs.
Maya thing why we had a witness account
describing her
some kind of buddy rabbit woman wears
fucking thing I've ever seen in my life
she just holds her hands up to a chest
I'm just looking in the you know because
at any point I can you know objection
I can do the thing and I don't think I
can do a thing yet kind of holds her
hands up like a bunny and it squeezes it
tits together the cleavage is it's
magnificent it has really pink though
the witness sub mrs. Maya Faye at the
very moment of the murder
good god I'm looking
and we don't have any evidence we don't
have any evidence to call objection on
this bar
he mentioned something about like not
possibly not being able to sieve out of
her window but there's nothing I have in
here no he said he said not being able
to see a face right
what's the photograph oh that's the
floorplan maybe use the floorplan
also I can't I can't maybe I can't make
objections at this point all right you
should have you have to hear the
testimony first okay do you want to shy
keep doing the judger do you want to do
the judge I think you're a better judge
than me but maybe like an old man yep
hmm the very moment you say it's Admiral
Ackbar
it's a crap that's my jag boys
very well mr. right you may begin your
cross-examination
yes your honor
cross-examination wot wot whoo where am
i I should not have done all of those
drugs this morning I couldn't see a
single contradiction in that testimony
what did you just say whoosh I think
nothing nothing what hey Maya just
through ohm okay that makes way more
sense Oh something at you this when my
sister couldn't find any contradictions
in a witness's testimony she would Bluff
it and press the witness on every detail
the witness only slips up and says
something wrong it worked lots of times
Hey I should have expected um I would
know some of her sisters tricks all
right let's give this a try lying is
something the matter
no your honor I'd like to begin my
cross-examination
hmm as soon as the phone call came in I
rushed to the scene after stopping for
doughnuts and a strip club so I can
present evidence or I could press him on
it but I mean that's yeah well let that
go
or you could press huh hold it who did
you say you got a call from and don't
you fucking say the Ghostbusters hey
Belle don't play dumb you know who the
call is from a customer at the gateway
hotel right across from the crime scene
okay I pressed not sure it did much oh
right please continue there were two
people there already I mean there's
nothing really to press him no okay all
right
the defendant Miss Maya Bay and the
lawyer mr. Phoenix writes very accurate
I immediately arrested miss Maya Fang
press hold it why is that what's your
reason what's your angle why we had a
witness account describing it pressing
again good hold it just one second
what if I heard correctly you said you
arrested her because you had hard
evidence
she did she did it correct well I'm sure
I put some there did I say that
I want to talk to my lawyer you don't
have one I heard you said yes you can it
your son exactly what about this
suspicious woman in pink claim is hard
evidence mr. oh no it's like Oh
someone was uh I don't know if it was on
Twitter or somewhere but they're just
like I'm surprised you like Phoenix
right it's like I like campy as long as
it's like purposefully campy this seems
like it's purposefully can't be you know
why do they think you wouldn't like it
is the question a lot of dialogue but
it's also like being a little detective
and I like being a detective government
so okay so the dialogue getting in the
way of the game it's dialogue that yes
the game absolutely absolutely
sorry yeah well but miss may isn't
suspicious and she sure is a big pal
I've checked the carpet doesn't match
the drapes it's all a lie that's enough
detective gumshoe do you have any more
solid proof other than her claims
detective well let me see yeah dad
I guess pressing can have its advantages
yes oh yes yes I do
give sorry I got the order if things
mixed up in my testimony your honor sir
he's what really maybe kind of happened
there was something I should have told
you about first your honor yes yes very
well detective let's hear your testimony
again okay I see you're changing the
story after securing the suspect I
examined the scene of the crime with my
own eyes I found a memo written on a
piece of paper next to the victim's body
on it the word Maya was written clearly
in blood damn it damn it
lab test results showed that the blood
was the victims so that was blood found
on the victims finger before she died
the victim wrote the killer's name oh oh
they they cut to a wide shot that's
pretty that means we can't we can't hear
the game right now but I can only assume
that was like a dun dun dun are you like
that the hard evidence mr. fancy pants
make lawyer hmm before we begin
cross-examination I have a question for
your detective
yeah rather why didn't you testify about
this vital piece of evidence the first
time because I'm a cop oh yeah yeah I
guess I just forgot your Anna look I put
the people of jail that's why I do what
I did what'd he want for me evidence try
to be more careful very well the defense
may begin its cross-examination maybe
ever I can't have it it sounds exactly
like I'd borrow a car and I'm trying to
remember it's fine
nothing it's fine all right all right
hard evidence after securing the suspect
I examined the scene of the crime with
my own eyes detective Lee Felix right
dead I was gonna say we showed him that
is that something we should press
but I mean he just said he inspected the
scene okay I found a memo written at a
piece of paper next to the victim's body
okay you definitely didn't happen I'm
gonna press him on that hold it just
because you found it next to the body
doesn't Phoenix also you can be like
also I gave that to you outside of the
office there is literally no way you
could know this then who did write it
mr. smarty peds what who um no no the
killer yeah the killer anyone can see
that Dad you saying that the killer
wrote her own name I watched Columbo
once it twice I mean the sound was off
while I was drugged I know how this
Riggs she was framed oh oh shit I got an
objection called on me oh yeah yeah hold
on there that's the case and where's
your evidence soon Kirk
yeah hey guess yeah bit of a tall order
for you wasn't that me those without
evidence shouldn't open their mouths
mister mister right yeah pal you give
your gig well detective tell us what was
written on that memo he found near I
didn't the word Maya written clearly and
blood human blood red blood lab test
results showed that the blood was the
victims compress on
uh-oh there was away we can go back she
died instantly
the autopsy report motherfucker
objection
detective gumshoe there's one thing I
want you to you say that the victim Mia
Farrow to this note
I love the hand thank you that she was
accusing the defendant Mia fade that's
really what you're saying what yeah yeah
this isn't one of those lawyered tricks
now is it because she wrote it who else
could have mm-hmm you have it backwards
detective backwards need something the
victim is the only person who absolutely
could not have written it this is a
report from your department detective
immediate death due to a blow from a
blunt objects beome she died immediately
but uh no fighting your way out of this
one detective the wide shot we got the
wide shot ha ha
the detective has a point ah someone who
died immediately wouldn't have the time
to write anything down
objection oh sorry that was my sir mr.
Wright's there a big your pardon but
what exactly did you obtain that up top
see report
who cares it's already in the system
hands so you go it's like Elizabeth yeah
we got it the day after the murder yep
it was the day after the murder the
prosecutors point being yeah you know
what taps even possibly just like Kermit
II I gotta get it a Lincoln in like
almost off the back of my throat yeah
you're my the autopsy report is outdated
your honor what second autopsy was
performed yesterday at my request son of
a bitch
death was almost an immediate due to a
blow from a blunt object but there is
possibility victim lived for several
minutes after the blow I think I
received these results this morning no
way your honor it's quite easy to
imagine that the victim did have time to
write abaya that is all what a dickhead
what a dickhead who's withholding
evidence now I mean it's still me I tell
you
damn you Edgeworth I should have known
he would have something up your sleeve
your oh no way mr. right you you were
chucked yes I'm shocked that you didn't
share evidence when you are legally
obliged to share all your evidence not
in fantasy Court bitch something you
want to say mr. right I'm sure you're a
sham that's worth that's a tether
detective is the real sham here but I
mean I don't like it that these are my
only options well who would be a sham
well if it makes somebody Shem a sham
sham is like something that's not
correct or not real right
scam I'm dishonest then how do we prove
it
well Edgeworth is saying like we just
don't know if it's immediate so the
possibility is true so Edgeworth is
spinning it right out of these options
where we have I would say I'd say the
detective yes okay detective gumshoe cuz
I'm not calling you by your given name
you're a sham how could you give me a
faulty but hey I thought certificates
you maybe study bonds and I just had
that strange herb herb will there be
herb I said it like like Will Smith
trying to say Uranus or something I
don't know welcome to herb by the way
look at Edwards throwing you under the
bus throwing you under the fucking bus I
mean alright I've disappointed in you
handing handing him the wrong report
like that oh hey I'm sorry
you are it it felt there detective yes
this isn't going to look good on your
your you evaluation next month what bed
L Your Honor I submit this report to the
court
I got scored the court accepts the
evidence
well your honor yeah
oh you're re well gee you're my the
evidence strongly suggests victim was i
identifying the killer I suppose that's
the obvious conclusion case closed
darn this isn't good
the prosecution would like to call its
next witness I think we handle that as
best we could
unless he was a sham for not sharing the
evidence with us I mean we shamed of a
detective well yeah yeah okay this poor
innocent girl saw the murderer with her
own eyes Oh rum rum nut no wait that's
nice type of mine
exactly what part of her is innocent
nigger okay so wait wait
yeah beyond her well wait till gets back
to her witness your name please Ike my
holy shit her boobs just bounced at your
service so beyond the facts I mean that
she's being a cat again yeah she clearly
said she was gonna pretty herself up for
court yet she is wearing the exact same
outfit and no extra makeup or hair did
she's a champ
Oh wonder standing there - from the why
Jesus
oh Jesus Oh apparently the crowd went
nuts for that one order an introduction
could not require an a reaction from the
crowd so our witness will refrain from a
1 con linking whatever whatever that is
oh yes your honor
she's already captured the heart of
every man in this courtroom tell us
where you were on the United Stemper v
when the murder occurred oh gee I was
like in my hotel room hey I brought my
hurries back up I checked I checked in
right after lunch
this hotel is directly across from the
Phaen Cold War offices that's right big
boy please testify to the court about
four to song I am done with your
shenanigans it was like night night I
looked out the window you know and then
ooh I saw a woman with long hair being
it's higher one attacking her was Mazda
girl sitting in the defendants chair
then the woman she like dodged to one
side and ran away
but that girl she caught up to her in
and she hit her and that woman looked
long higher she kind of slumped
the I am that's all I saw
every little bit see wit see Jesus
fuckin take over her testimony you
decide an option
well yeah oh yeah well like well then
that next we go through piece by piece
as when we can't judge okay and stuff
there's nothing we can do during that
pipe just listen
come oh well your honor I say it is a
remarkably solid testimony I don't see a
need to trouble the witness whoa yep
Jesus fuckin Christ your honor let's get
one thing straight
Oh what what do you want you're still
here huh I thought we already convicted
it I'm sorry what about my
cross-examination
I thought the witness's testimony was
just quite firm really we're gone
we're gonna Marilyn ah mr. Wright I
understand you were mrs. Mia phase under
study
were you not must know our techniques
well Oh her cowardly way of finding tiny
faults and perfectly good testimonies
hey hey how dare you well that's all
right
will you cross-examine the witness well
of course I'm gonna fucking
cross-examine the witness I'll gladly
proceed with the cross-examination if
only because I haven't good they have a
feeling Edgeworth doesn't want to do she
has to have some weakness I know
zip my pants a little bit very well you
may begin
y'all cross-examine I got I may the
force be with you
okay here we go it was like 9:00 at
night I looked out the window you know
no let's look at the the autopsy report
when did she die died from a blow by
bondic may have looked for a few minutes
it doesn't say that's a time that's a
time of day phone oh yeah yeah 9:27 a.m.
right and then she said
she said come to my house at 9:00 oh
yeah yeah at the back here see you
tonight at night
well actually there's something I want
you got a lot for me is everything okay
wait I wonder if I can yeah we can't
check the autopsy oh boy that's really
bad that's tops report my cellphone
glass shards the thinker the murder
weapon looks like a statue but it's
actually a clock the wiretap which you
know we can present at any time of
receipts we also don't know like what is
on the back of this receipt I don't know
if that matters the floor plan which you
know could be vital like obviously this
is where the window that's the visual
spectrum there yeah so like here's the
field of view that she can see you
wouldn't see the chair she wouldn't see
the chair she wouldn't see the breaking
of that glass thing Stan whatever it was
right it looks like the altercation
happened over here over by the chair and
so she wouldn't see anything yeah yeah I
want to catch her up all the time is
there anything we can prove a time I
don't think there's anything we can
prove with the time but like we can
still press her and see what happened
and see what we shake we do lose points
or anything I have no idea rich we have
these exclamation marks on top yeah
maybe we use one when we press maybe
press every statement it's free info
okay all right why did you do that oh
wow
like why would why did you look out the
window were you expecting to see
something oh well um G was it
I started you know um
look at my tits I had a feeling is what
she said sorry I clicked on it before
well I have a feeling she's trying to
avoid the question
maybe I should press a little harder on
this one okay see how far I can run with
this surely you must have had a reason
to look out the window at that time of
night
oh my mr. right
I will not have you badgering my my my
witness I'm sorry that asking a question
a badgering you dick
but badgering you insist on eating her
needling her with these trivial
questions I really don't think it should
be allowed yeah yeah obviously it's like
the crap order mr. right you have been
warned that tits get the floor get back
off what about poor me yeah you looked
out the window what did you see next and
then oh so woman long higher bank it's
higher yeah I guess that was a
compressor
long hair wasn't BFA oh I thought that
was in my head
uh-huh slander sort of well some people
might say pretty that's your thing that
person attacking her the one attacking
her was miles a girl sitting in the
defendants chair pull it how do you know
she was the defendant huh well no she
she had a girlish physique women know
these things look I would bunny god damn
it
the bunny defense all rights
impenetrable aren't I cute bunny there's
only one person at the scene of the
crime with a short girlish figure
I mean have you seen me I'm slender as
fuck the testimony is bulletproof Your
Honor all right
I question the testimony hold on a
minute
that testimony stinks what miss Mae I'm
willing to bet that you saw nothing and
then we'll show the photograph is what
I'm thinking or you're lying because of
the wiretap wait sorry the exclamation
marks are your health by the way you
lose them for every wrong piece of
evidence and a few other times when the
judge asked you something drop it okay
okay yes I'm going with you saw nothing
as they're in the room each other room
don't trust the chat they they lie all
the times don't look don't look what's
over there saying you're lying I know
thank you saw nothing but they lie all
the time so maybe it is you saw nothing
they saw nothing I that was that's where
I just do it just do it
you saw something over what yep I'm
willing to bet did you really see the
defendant at all we got the wine shot
rest are right what as I'm hitting on us
yes what is the meaning somebody tell me
because I'm clueless about this I mean
okay if you had really witnessed my
client mia Fae you would have noticed
her clothes before noticing her physique
that's right she wears like the Rose oh
yeah that's right no one wears clothes
like this on a daily basis except her
womanly physique look at that yeah yeah
looking looking look at her all up
you can't like all up in here you can't
see it and I'm no expert on fashion but
her hairdo looks far less or looks far
from normal to me however the witness
the witness's testimony mentions neither
of these things boom would pop it's not
a boom okay the testimony is bogus it's
it's a chip it's a chip so we we don't
know if she was dressed that way on the
night of the murder she was your honor
I saw her remember I was there too yes I
am able to be her lawyer hey there's no
one remember that I was there the night
of the murder and so did detective
gumshoe yes what do you say to that
miss Murray rawr I'm a cat now god damn
you bunny cat the perfect defense the
bunny cat defense good that's all I'm
gonna say great I saw what I saw Oh boom
I just didn't thank all the traveling
that details are necessary darling
that's my the court would like to remind
you to please omit nothing and your
testimony shit girl I'm sorry your honor
look at me look this I could be your
cock uh-oh what
oh yes ask you what who did you want to
lose again because I will make sure that
happens no testimony against if you
would damn I almost had her
so now she gets a second chance to
testify more information that we can
discredit I did see everything I did the
victim the woman dodged the first tag
and ran off to the right
BAM we are so fucking oh really ran off
to the right
ran off to the right Oh what's what's
that what's that over there on the right
no fucking damage we can't we can you
know use that oh fuck yeah oh you're so
done you're so done tits McGee and the
girl the hip and clothes ran after the
hippie clothes and she hit her with that
weapon I saw it I'm dead
Hey that clock um that statue 8 o'clock
the figure I think well to see agasshi
my rapport not startled you see hey hi
hi I see I only wish you had been so
detailed from the beginning please again
cross-examination okay okay I did see
everything I did the victim
the woman dodge first tech ran off to
the right oh man if only I had some
evidence I could present present oh
action this evidence clearly reveals the
contradiction in that statement your
honor
how exactly on that evidence and a
statement now related
they aren't acquaintance what did I get
what not it I gave them the picture
right after the break
you don't wanna lose another health no
no I'm just I that's the one I gave him
press first present later that's
bullshit
oh okay maybe she meant my oh okay okay
hold on hold on that's kind of bullshit
but hold on we'll see
is that right as in your right as you
looked from the hotel which hand do I
hold my knife in again right it was my
right hand right well you satisfied mr.
right
please continue can I give this to him
yep no I can't give it to me yet
so now yeah now I'm Prasad okay Your
Honor I know we did this like two
seconds ago but the statement
contradicts the evidence hmm
I don't we show him sorry sir Europe I
don't see anything contradictory huh
really object
the music continues but it means you
know we have evidence we fucking have
evidence she say he went right she went
left maybe the the broken pieces of the
thing better than the photo we using the
wrong thing we know what happened
because of the photo but they the proof
is more the shattered glass right with
the glass try it with the shattered
pieces
we read through more information I know
I know
hold on I say I can save
savegame is suspend play no I keep
playing did I save though
all right hold on victim the woman
dodged the first attack and ran off to
the right
what's in her evidence coming she okay
so I see in the chat knows she said she
said right as if she was looking from
the hotel absolutely she did we press we
do press women okay we have the autopsy
report we have the cell phone with the
conversation we have the glass shards
the broken glass remains of ocean of ice
and broken beyond all recognition we
have the thinker lost being told we
didn't save the wiretap the receipt and
the floorplans okay hold on well first
then back and I would continue I guess
from safe okay
okay
so the question is well I guess we saved
now so we get a freebie yeah I feel bad
reloading if it doesn't work they're
right there saying press again sure
is that right as in your right as you
looked from the hotel which hands I hold
my knife and again all of us it was my
right hand right then the girl in the
hippie clothes ran after
I don't know rich what do you want to do
we didn't always go back right yeah well
what else well let's press on that a
clock didn't this come up in another
testimony recently well don't look so
sour Missler you can't win them all
no but I have a feeling I'm on to
something now but that clock um kind of
statue with clock thinker I think yeah
who's that present the clock fired miss
Mae what you just said now was quite
revealing veiling oh you'd like that
wouldn't you naughty mr. lawyer you just
said that this statue of the thinker was
a clock but there's no way of knowing
that just by looking at it
herb another person in much the same
position as you recently called this a
clock - and he was found guilty of
murder who are umbrella our da da da
miss Mae can you explain how you know
this was a clock Oh
ARP ARP the witness saw the murder with
your own eyes that's all that's
important here the defense is trying to
confuse the issue with trivial concerns
your honor yes yes of course you will
withdraw the question
you're right I'm good tits gets the fall
oh whoa oh no I'm objecting I'm
objecting the objection there's a three
objection what questions are all I have
your honor and as you may recall
I've caught murderers with these
questions before
objection sustained you may continue to
question the witness who the trial would
be over huh what that's what happens now
what happens now is you answer my
questions how did you know it was a cock
well that by it's because I heard it
yeah yes I I heard it say the time bitch
you don't fight yourself so you've been
to the Law Offices of Fay & Company no I
didn't I didn't say that
why'd I go there I heard my hotel room
he he he he
the office is a fake Oh for the murder
took place is very close to the hotel
she could easily have heard the clock
well mr. Wright you're satisfied
fuck fuck no judge no your honor I can't
give up now I'm not satisfied because I
couldn't have it's broke right and
there's something wrong with it
I recall somebody saying there was
something wrong with it
it couldn't have wronged them your honor
members of the court it is inconceivable
that the clock in question rang it's
broken
shuffle with papers or something but the
mechanics are out of it it's empty it's
empty it's empty that clock is missing
its clockwork now that's a boom ha ha
how according your puzzle right just
take a look right now
Oh see anything interesting your honor
it says the defense says this clock is
missing
it's um it's quite empty all right all
right that's all right would you care to
explain to the court the meaning of it
it is as you it is as you can see that
doesn't seem like it should be a
sentence it is it is as you can see it
is as you can see oh I know it's just
like it's all very small words
okay look clock was empty it couldn't
have rung therefore this witness is a
big fat whorish
did I mention fat liar Bob well miss may
well if tisk tisk here in quite a show
you've put on for us mr. mr. right
he knew the clock was empty somehow he
knew I'm afraid you've forgotten one
thing however indeed the Caracas empty
as you say they can't ring however you
must ask when was that word removed
we'd have to be honest we had this
evidence yeah it was after the witness
heard the clock and there is no
contradiction yeah my best oh gosh
amitis hmm dr. crow that is a
possibility the clock might have been
emptied after she heard it
yes deadly what happened your honor
Yeah right mr. right can you prove when
the clock was removed
Oh Holy impossible of course I have
proof but he'll have to wait until after
we stand up it's stand up time it's time
to stand up and stretch your legs oh gee
oh geez Richard knocking stuff over for
stand up time
okay are you ready for the thrilling
conclusion I am I am stand up for
evidence that's right stand up for
evidence stand up for justice okay we
have the O it in my stylish rich we have
the proof yeah
my what
oh my wasn't it you who told me proof is
everything well I was listening and now
I'll show you the proof you like so much
the evidence that proves when the
clockwork was removed is Maya's cell
phone just to double-check yep
you haven't called in a while well
actually there's something I want it's a
clock it's made to look like a statue
the thinker and it tells time and I
should probably tell you the clock isn't
talking right now it's not working
that's why I'm okay yep it's definitely
the phone take take a yes ha that's a
very cute cell phone judge might I say
that's highly inappropriate no wait
where did you get that I think I would
like it oh oh is that strap a
collector's item remember that's a
callback callback
oh you have a girlie phone whoo Oh
Reagan wait wait nose shut up tits come
calm them calm your tits listen think
jiggle so much all him please come good
time of trying to get them in order just
jiggle some more ah court files in favor
of the lady with it it's listen this is
the defendants cell phone and it
contains a recording
a recording of a conversation she had
with the victim on the day of the murder
from Ora Ora defended cell phone it was
brought to my attention
Oh kind of like the autopsy report is
that you son of a bitch was that autopsy
part brought to my attention
oh sorry perhaps detective gumshoe
overlooked it detective better remember
he's up for re-evaluation soon huh you
gotta say I'm starting to feel bad for
the big fella let's hear the
conversation we know this good talking
right now it's not working that's lame
let's take the clock work out sorry
number 5th September 5th 9:27 a.m. EEP
Your Honor I think this makes it clear
the clock work was already gone by the
time this was recorded which was well
before the witness even arrived at her
hotel
ma ma meow well miss Mae would you care
to explain this to the court just how
did you know this weapon was a clock
well well you say I'm well in it in an
obvious I saw that clock before what
star is that again I I go to so many
stores this is a custom-made clock I
remember
- my last there's only two of these
clocks in existence
oops I forgot look at my tits yeah look
at what it's okay so all the way doesn't
have witnesses clearly she's seen it
before for some reason I believe her
hold on I'm I'm mopping up my drool now
I would like that does the defense have
any objections yes yes the witness
claims she had seen it before but this
directly contradicts a piece of evidence
already submitted to this Court
do I just wish roll is there any other
evidence this is all the evidence I
could I mean the thinker made by Larry
Butz I'll just present the statue okay
that's the evidence okay
please produce this evidence that will
prove the witness had not seen the clock
before those made by Larry Butz okay
okay
take that it's simple
this clock was never in any store ever
a friend of mine made that clock only to
exist in the world
see that's neither can it you have to
kind of remember the last days too yeah
and the one that isn't here is in police
custody
impossible everything is sold in stores
miss may I think it's high time you went
shopping for a better excuse boom this
good was adorable huh
let's go mr. door what is proof of the
Phoenix Wright you should approve of
Phoenix Wright move
oh excuse is not on sale today
whoa what's it to you porcupine head I'm
sorry that stupid clock doesn't not out
okay till you get it don't you to die
for a die die run from home I'll run for
I'm from what what let's not get ahead
of ourselves but this is a court of law
and the witness will calm her tits
Oh
oh my oh oh wait thief comes to much
you've gone British see Oh silly me
did I am like to lose it
I guess I'd see it there look what's
it's scary miss me
let me ask tell me how did you know the
weapon was a clock oh yeah okay
does the defense have any opinion on
this behavior oh shit this is it yes
your honor
allow me to explain how I see the truth
of the matter miss April May
you knew the weapon was a clock because
you'd heard of it she did well shouldn't
kill me
she didn't kill but if she knew mr.
white but she could have like suppose
she probably heard about the weapon
because mr. white was keeping track of
the water
you had heard about it and then we give
her the the tap the phone tap device
maybe
the wiretap
when would she have held it we have no
evidence that she ever held it no
bujjamma
we have some evidence that she had heard
about it we know she's not remotely from
the Colombo section right person she she
she heard that she heard about him the
witness had never held the clock in her
hand however she had heard that it was a
clock Hey she heard that is correct your
honor there is no other way she could
have known the thinker was a clock and I
can show you the proof oh well I guess I
guess shit just got real
okay let's see it then show me the
evidence proving the witness had heard
the murder weapon logic oh here it is
let me show the wiretap yeah she heard
the phone conversation that's brilliant
Jed brilliant I'm Kenny Powers mr. Evans
mr. Beckert have you seen catch me if
you can also you were right rich you
can't fucking escape star wars today my
mom bought me an r2d2 trashcan I thought
it was I thought I was on hallucinogens
I have seen catch me if you can yeah
it's a fine line I didn't blow my socks
off no it's perfectly good leo and time
yeah it's cute you know what you know
that movie is it Spielberg right cute
move it Spielberg oh yeah that's a movie
that you catch it on on cable and you
put it on in the background everybody
enjoys it it's great okay here we go
don't wait up take that have a look at
this look I found this in this maze room
so it must be perfectly admissible
evidence
rum rum rum rum rum rum mr. Wright
please explain to the court why guys
miss a from me
you were taping tapping not taping
dammit you are tapping the victim miss
me a phase phone were you not aah
Oh Your Honor this is relevant
know that Edgeworth this is perfectly
relevant your objection should be it
might be overruled quickly how is this
I'm not entirely sure that mr. Edgeworth
would you like to bring up the legality
of him rifling through your witnesses
stuff huh okay it troubles me that how
witness was in possession of Hawaiian is
outrageous
as the defense truly claimed that the
witness was tapping her phone absolutely
even if that was the case which is not
you will still you still have to prove
one thing did the victim ever say that
the weapon was a clock on the phone yes
can you prove that I think not oh yeah I
think I can it's simple what here's my
proof the proof that the victim said on
the phone that the weapon is a ko lock
well let me check here
it's a clock it's a pie yeah boom take
that I present the defendant cellphone
yes are you seeing that already I have
no idea
listen once and loss of a conversation
between the defendant and the victim
it's a dumb it's a clock man to look
like a statue this was like this was
literally a minute and a half ago in
their time that's how you knew the
thinker was a clock am I wrong Your
Honor this is ridiculous
Your Honor look at the witness's face
does she seem amused to you
the defense demands an answer witness
answered that question did you tap her
phone
this maid zarab all of you lie back you
you liar
I would love for like a demon to spawn
out and this turns into like like an
action game right now it's no fair uh-oh
you get gang up on me like that oh oh so
I'm a bad girl Zion is thank you
Oh did the court seem the real miss
April main now now to deal the final
blow why the wiretap we think mr. white
did it right does that work
I mean she we know she's why the wires
lie the word that man
why did you tap her phone answer the
question do I have to in this in this
murder trial is to tippity-tap it or
irrelevant yeah
she's saying exactly what the truth
wants her to say miss may you were
tapping the victims phone I hardly call
that irrelevant wow the cork
let's not condone the defense's tone of
voice as a point well I think do we have
an explanation for the cork can you
prove you had nothing to do with his
murder
even though you have perfect like to see
her pull that off list war I saw that
evil evil grin you were probably
thinking I'd like to see her pull that
off weren't you she's good
well look at my tits and of course I can
and will you can't be serious no way way
I say wait oh and I assure you I'm
serious mr. lawyer
okay so the killing hat around night and
night why that's just when I was getting
room service from that sweet bellboy ask
coffee I believe it was iced coffee you
know like normal coffee but cold if you
don't drink it quick he asked mails and
then you have just regular cold coffee
what what's this big thing what we'll
find out no I'm being phoenixian okay
what does Big C I think I think I'm
making this up I asked the bellboy ergo
the witness was not on the scene at the
time of the murder but we never said she
was that's right right we never said she
was at the fucking scene so where does
that leave us
he's my to my great displeasure to
inform you that the witness piers do
have been tapping the victims telephone
whoever that is a separate crime with no
bearing on the current ease whatsoever
her testimony stands she saw the
defendant miss me FA a commit murder no
they're going to just let her walk away
there's no way I can win this unless I
tie miss Mei - the murder somehow she
mentioned the bellboy mm-hmm we get the
bellboy to testify about her connection
to mr. white okay hmm well yes as a
witness boom the defense would like to
call the hotel bellboy as a witness
there's something suspicious here and
I'm going to get to the bottom of it I
think you suck quite low enough already
hey object-- calling the bellboy yep
it's an offensive term we prefer
bellhops boys babble hops come in many
different ages also not just boys I'll
sum our own person well person summary
missus yeah yeah there are general
gender-neutral bail people yeah why
what's your reason because I hold them
wiretapping they had nothing to do with
the killing how likely is that this is
some highly suspicious behaviour
grasping at straws here the the key
witness happens to be just
coincidentally is wiretapping the
victims phone crazy crazy that's crazy
talk right away whoever
if you agree to a one condition
I'll consent to calling this witness
well how about we fucking talk to the
judge first I probably just called the
witness condition yes yeah this april's
amaze alibi is not called into question
after you examined the bellboy after I
examined the novel yeah for alibi it's
not called into question after use and
on the board
and then you will recognize that Miss
April May was not the killer
though she is innocent yeah but we don't
think she's we don't think she's the
killer I know oh this this must be like
the same dialogue you could use for
either branch maybe we could have
accused her of being the killer
okay so nearby you must also accept they
verdict of guilty for Miss manaphy that
is my condition what a judge do you have
anything to say about this bizarre
stipulations he's putting on me calling
a witness
cuz it's totally the judges call whether
or not the witness is called and so the
judge can be like dude Phoenix you don't
have to take that deal call the witness
that's totally cool I mean obviously
it's a video game
it's a video game yeah except give up
give up I guess I'll give up no okay
obviously we will exempt the condition
obviously understood I accept your
condition
mm-hmm oh that's that's really weird I
would have just let you call him up you
did not need to do that all too late now
also you just verbally accepted his
condition you have you have literally no
reason to follow through with that
condition it's not like a binding
contract the two dudes talking just
gonna put that out there yes my man fool
you fell right into my trap
oh wait very well the court calls the
hotel bellboy this time oh yeah I
remember we believe we're ready for the
witness to testify he certainly does
look like a bellboy a bellhop he looks
like a bellhop yes
I received your summons in the middle
what if the governor won't make a spot I
did
what would I do there unique I'm happy
to be of service
oh that tea set looks rather heavy so
without further ado no witness may begin
his testimony very good sir
okay let's just
I am the IDI bellboy bail up sorry sir
at the font gate what our hotel in
business for full generations
oh I believe I recall and I see I
believe I received a call after eight
o'clock in the evening from our guests
in this light she asked for an iced
coffee to be brought to earth at nine
o'clock
onda dancer I brought it to her at
precisely the requested time of course
and I deliver the iced coffee to our
guest miss my SL what do we do with hope
just trying to get that noise back it
goes in and now especially when you're
reading texts like this
Isaac the defense may begin it's
crossing about a head right I'm ready
this is it I can't prove miss May was
involved with the murder now Maya will
be finished so what we just need to pay
attention to what we get how we get to
the message left by mr. white right all
right I am the head bellboy at then fine
get what uh-oh tell in business for full
generation like we can't say it's never
bad to press on the press what exactly
is it you do after the hotel what
everything required to me sir
I check in guests boy check out gifts or
clean rooms boy Mike
beds or even deliver room service sir oh
I checked in miss may I checked miss my
in last night
are you always so so prim meta right
you're well refrain from asking
privileged rahab i believed i received a
call after 8 o'clock in the evening from
our guest miss mine are you sure it was
miss May on the phone
absolutely sir huh how can you be so
certain
oh I checked miss my in personally say
not only losing the similar events fun
it's fun ok
not only did I see you what do we do
wonderful not only did I see a Inder in
a stunning radiance but I also
voice and then I saw den and I dub Point
playing I remember quite well sir well
well my then she asked me for an iced
coffee to be brought at a at nine
o'clock on the dot sir nine o'clock on
the dot you see is I confirmed that
detail several times Shay was watching a
program on the telly and wished to drink
after she finished at nine o'clock the
time of the murder
all I brought it to I brought it to her
at precisely the requested time so 10
o'clock was the time of the murder and
she was getting her iced coffee
yeah I'm sure looking up the window
right so impress mom at precisely 9:00
o'clock then precisely exactly and most
definitely sit nor o'clock pay him
how can you be so sure
miss Mike was quite insistent that it be
brought
Oh Oh bellboy ta I'd like a nice coffee
at exactly knowing a group usually
specific something like that sir
therefore I knocked on her door at the
crack annoying Oh Eddie go
why to go falling Roger Mookie Dukey why
would she be so particular about the
time and I delivered the iced coffee to
our guest miss Marissa wait
can I should I present evidence now well
of what
time from blue the autopsy report does
not say nine o'clock
of the autopsy you know but if the
autopsy does not say nine o'clock and
just press full we'll wait
well we already press about this you are
sure it was miss April herself
absolutely sir have you seen her
knockers just putting that out there
yes sir as in so very absolutely sir
it's an endearing mannerism of mind how
come you're so very certain well uh when
I brought the room service sir she the
guest sir
she favoured me with her and embrace her
embrace her is that French foreign brace
is French for kiss said oh he must be a
Frenchman but not a French kiss sir more
peck on the cheek
why would she have done that I believe
perhaps she was momentarily swayed by my
brim demeanor sir it was a moment I
shall never ever forget that sounds
pretty fishy to me I think I miss Mei
was up to something and wanted the
bellboy to remember her it's no good
there's nothing there
is that it Joran tsk tsk finally you
understand
this bellboy has absolutely no reason to
why now if you have any decency you will
end this rather tedious
cross-examination here it was a bit
tedious the witness may leave the son
can't let this happen can I protest I
have to wait please wait yes yes does
the defense have something hard one last
question
let me ask one last question
oh and Your Honor I must object this
charade of justice is just going on long
enough
Wow now now mr. Edgeworth all right mr.
right I'll give you one I don't know oh
this is really it now this is my last
chance what
them with the chicken can we go back and
his testimony no he said them did he
when she checked in asked about the
check-in yeah but he said damn I think
he's trying to her kids game then I call
in that farm ask about checking okay
tell me about check-in tell me about
when you checked in miss may oh all
right
very well sir my first thought was that
she was that built fo POF a person she's
just my type of girl so it was a
disappointment
really ladies and gentleman famous
attorney rich Evans who excuse me what
exactly was a disappointment oh well
oh I'm not with that chance it but even
I'd have a little chance with a lover
then What did he say
what did you I appreciate a Phoenix
right but you could just go right into
the boy era rather quite bellboy tell us
the truth now did mr. may check in with
another person I object that was
objectionable yeah you're not even
trying anymore I I want to put this on
the court record stenographer are you
taping this town he is not trying
anymore just putting that up come on
objection overruled the witness will
answer that round oh yes I see why did
you not mention this in your testimony
but what's it you were you didn't you
didn't ask good thanks that's the sort
of thing you're normally supposed to
mention
oh yes or quite said what do we do well
before it was deer the good barrister
there mr. Edgeworth
dun-dun-dun he asked me not to mention
it if it if I wasn't specifically ass oh
oh oh oh sorry sir you fool
I've done it I've won Miss April May
checked into a twin room with a man
correct yes sir then when you brought
them a room service you didn't see that
man in the room oh that's right sir
mm-hmm Your Honor we have just learned
of another person involved who may have
been the murderer in light of this new
fact I hold that it's impossible to
judge the defendant wouldn't you agree
mr. Edgeworth yeah and who mr. right who
is this other person simple it was the
man with Miss Maine duh the man who
checked in with Miss May
oof Your Honor as has been previously
revealed miss April may was tapping the
victims phone can we not forget that
because that is really linked to this
case yet miss May herself has an alibi
at the time of the murder however that
does not clear the man that was with her
the bellboy saw no one else in the room
at the time of the murder
oh my my my what a what a convenient
little setup but needs too late too late
I suppose you'd like it if it was too
late wouldn't you kind of I'll be very
convenient for me right now as matter of
fact
oh boy Hadji after all it was you who
hid the presence of the other man from
this Court
oh yeah upstart amateur the these
accusations will they are their
ludicrous enough the Court acknowledges
the defense's argument I expect a
prosecution and defense to look into
this matter for you I'm I referred yes
yes your honor
that is all today for the trial of may
FA that was a nice rhyme look at me I'm
a I'm a hip-hop star cartridge I can't
this is delightful game this isn't oh I
fucking like boy oh we need to get
through this mister miss I got to get
wrong
saving game oh fuck
fuck rich Evans yeah so this is a one
long case or does this game have several
different motors well so far this is the
second case the syllabus I got tutorial
oh sure I wonder so it's basically is
this whole game this one case
I can't imagine so
no nurse multiple cases okay I mean
we're we are obviously taking way too
long with this because we were fucking
around it and every case is multiple
days then that's nice that's nice first
case has five cases
I mean chapters five cases first game
has five cases
Wonderman great cool all right well
let's call that a night yeah yeah I
think we're done yeah how do we gotta
magic Twitter
there's the Twitter good old torture
beer Meister 2089 Tiberius Kirk one
small ball confusion grows zero grand
moff collie nineteen months in a row yes
avatar zone 15 in a row Zeno trope 22
fucking months in a row you won't step
14 months in a row
Marty AK tour guide
Nixon riot crew 23 fucking months in a
row ultime Zee
I'm not gonna stop you I'm not gonna
sorry
and zip neutral it's the big to zero
twenty fucking months in a row
Tim Salam's Cameron Mitchell's ghost
bill waha 23 fucking months in a row
toasty bullets Valis Tyrus Ellis Bell
astreus olestra valestra Asst
Buju bed doctor so days 13 months in a
row HAP 78 Noli megi 64 this time it's
lupus
you're mmmm you're mad mad
anonymous says Jack I thought you were
gonna talk about civil war we'll talk
about civil war next time I don't I
don't have especially strong thoughts
about the movie Olsen that I like I
haven't seen you half in the bag yet and
so I'm sure you would just be repeating
a lot of shit we talked about we'll talk
about it next room give us some more
time for people to watch it well I mean
I just know it's too late tonight it's
midnight I thought I was pretty good but
you know this isn't really what was your
opinion all right or good or great or it
was good it's good it was just good yeah
yeah a little mmm maybe we don't like a
hair below that but it was good it was
good I thought the story was maybe a
little recycled from Winter Soldier and
I almost wish they kept it smaller that
was the thing the fight the actual big
fight the airport but just so is just
picture with us like there's the set
Peter yeah every where's the circus
every single fight scene except for the
final one that was gratuitous stick to
the interesting character stuff right
it was the fights were fun they were
really fun to watch but they just didn't
mean anything anyway yeah obviously yeah
it was good blue purple space bazooka 16
months in a row spike one three eight to
nineteen months in a row Harry fed 16
months in a row Zehra Jimmy and Tom oh
my god I fucked it up Wow fucked it up
already first let out first syllable
live before the first letter I fucked it
up and Hum tardy thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we really do
some
