Dishonored 2 (Dissin' I heard)
November 13, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=91P1wN3yAIE

Cape Dishonored 2 I'll put that right
there that looks like a good place for
it
great the off switch says hey rich
hey rich have you thought about playing
Final Fantasy Tactics combines all your
favorite gameplay elements from RTS and
Final Fantasy if you haven't then I'm
invalidated as a person or something
rich all tamiya back over to OBS real
quick please thank you thank you rich
rich we'll be back I'm gonna get
dishonored on the screen boom there's
business dishonored great boom loading
up what is your favorite self game for
rich that means outside the thief games
very important question outside of a few
games you know I'm liking the fur for me
I haven't played much but mark of the
ninja is a beautiful stealth game more
and more that's more in my line of
stealth where it's more action er katie
mark of the ninja is beautiful ID well I
did enjoy uh I think they played
answering that sir you are being hunted
that was more survival than stealth but
marketed ninja mark of the ninja is a 2d
action stealth game where you play as a
ninja mark of the ninja it's great
really great game made by clay same
people who did invisible ink
and they've done a bunch of good stuff
Jack who's your own personal Jesus
someone to hear your prayers someone who
cares I gotta change some options here
hold on
change some control options right away
I'll set up I know for sure yeah look at
the sensitivity we'll way down that we
got to turn that sensitivity way up I've
got a keyboard map in here jump in space
stealth mode I like are on a stealth
what I like for prints
I like our left I'm using my I'm using
my Chuck my one-handed Chuck and my
gaming mouse from home so it has the
same setup 5 block is the left alt
spyglass is V hold Mouse 3 yeah short
great alright great I think that's
everything
oh wait one more thing I need to do
change it as we get visuals we need to
look at the defaults at 80 which i think
is crazy we're gonna
bump that up to like 95 is where I think
I had it at home that was a good field
of view and great and great disabled oh
it was mouth smoothing on maybe that's
what I was having I was having some
slight issues at home ah mouths moving
was on yep thank you thank you thank you
great
thank you that may be that toys having
probably off to double check that when I
play this back at home alright great and
we will go right into the campaign
because I know how to play make a new
game gonna play it on medium because you
know hard is for people who are veterans
of dishonor and I've never played with
this on a game nope I've already done
that all the time great since you guys
an email linking to a really cool video
of the very rare teaser trailer of Jack
over those things oh cool great thanks
every Jason why is even motion blur and
smoothing by a default anymore can do it
and can developers not let that die
maybe not I don't know I don't know
that's just how they feel this is
something weird in the menu look how
janky my mouse is in the menu it's the
same at home the the gameplay is fine
like but do you see how the mouse is
like stuttering all over the place I
have no idea why that is in it but it's
just in this screen the mouse stutters
and the actual game is fine but
oh you know what I don't have subtitles
on I'm very sorry this is recapping -
sounded one your mom died that's what
that's what happened in Dishonored one
your mom died and now you're the queen
we're gonna skip all this we're gonna
skip all this rich can you hit the
escape button for me thank you
options probably audio subtitles will
turn subtitles on because I know you
guys like that main dialogue just main
dialogue Beck yes Beck okay there we go
now ready go
game audio is a quiet hissing the game
audio isn't being played through the
stream oh good I ride bicycles often I
try and fix it jack oh I mean we should
right we oh I skipped an important
cutscene whoopsie whoopsie doops hold on
alright can you all tap alright wake up
thank you let's look at the that should
be fine I don't know what's up with that
and then hit escape for me please
that's good yeah I did
I guess I need to okay so I actually
skipped a really important cutscene here
just start quit and redo it so they can
see the cutscene yeah yeah just quit out
of it
you should probably see that I didn't
know I'd skip that cutscene I didn't I
forgot you have to close the game unless
you start the game and get to a menu
won't close to properly closed window
great game audio game says he dumped
Singh they dumb thing in Mass Effect 3
was at the asari knew what was going to
happen for millennia but decided to be a
society of boring prostitutes that told
nobody
I guess they succeeded in fucking
everyone
yeah mass victories dumb what what do
you want stumped ah that's great they
succeeded in fucking everyone that's a
good joke is it really that important
yeah what do I think of the lottery I
think it's dumb I think the lotteries
dumb it's the dumb tax it's the dumb tax
yes it's the dumber you are actually the
more you get text
it's the lotteries the worst if you're a
reasonable about it it's fine
I spend a buck a week there's just
there's infinitely better ways to spend
that money sure there are all right you
spend a buck and if you're not desperate
for money where that buck will go a long
way yeah you did the fantasize about one
on the lottery for a week it's fine oh
yeah what I'm hoping is if I take the
master volume and just turn it down
maybe that'll work huh how's the game
audio now is the game audio still a
weird hissing
I'm a raffle for charity
what well that's different a raffle for
charity is absolutely different then you
know that different how is it how is it
significantly different okay so like you
know let's say you go to the local soup
kitchen yeah and and a business donated
a DVD copy of the blu-ray copy of the
thing right oh wait first of all audio
it's still very low
it's barely audible but before yes wait
but before it was a hit it was a hissing
turn it off it OBS to see what happens
I'll tell ya I'll Tammy I don't hear any
hissing yeah we got we got reports of
hissing before okay turned up warned
then you turn down ingame this is too
late
now it should be fine good now you
should hear the idea when we're not
talking I can turn it up in-game still
hold on
okay no hiss before the game okay okay
here game okay great
I've turned it up a bit now you should
be hearing anything okay so so if if a
local soup kitchen is raffling off a
copy of John Carpenter's The Thing
everyone puts in five dollars you know
one person gets John covers two thing
all that money goes to the soup kitchen
that money goes to help people okay it
goes to help a specific thing right the
lottery lottery earnings go towards the
city right and you know that's that gets
spent on general city type things but
you have no control over that where that
money goes
I believe in theory at least this is
Illinois back a while ago I went to
education specifically and I think
that's a difference
that's a state-by-state difference okay
but there there's no there's no way of
knowing where that money's going and I
would hate for the Illinois Education
Department to be dependent on idiots
giving money to the lottery for my for
my earnings it's fairly dependable
apparently it's fairly dependable Jack
apparently
I think most ladders go to education I'd
I wouldn't want an education system
that's dependent that's dependent on
idiots giving money
octo gee I've seen you ask that question
before I don't think we're gonna talk
about what kind of phone rich has that
des strikes me as vaguely weird
yep it was having issues on the show I
think oh okay maybe if they've given the
choice to upgrade what would I switched
to yeah I don't give a fuck about phones
I just want something that I can send
texts um yeah and and hang up without it
being a problem like it was on the show
that was an issue that phone has been
replaced oh okay other than that I
whatever Oh hyper net stream at the
phone I'm gonna it needs to have the
hyper net through the internet on my
home desktop computer I'll leave this
shit hey look up something every now and
then it doesn't need to be fancy I had
forgotten about the the bit on the show
with your phone and so like to me that
was like that was like a digging at a
personal information question yeah so
that's why that's why I never that's why
I never answered that before yeah I'm
just not overly concerned with having a
fancy phone and look what's your dream
phone I don't know one that works are
you are you interested all in a phablet
what's that it's one of those giant
phones no it sounds horrible
yeah they look really weird but it's got
a big screen on yeah so what you mean
what people might have missed in that
little backstory is so our mother got
killed in dishonored one and our dad who
is now our head of security
got vengeance for her and now there is a
new killer on the loose the crown killer
who happens to be killing enemies of the
crown us the princess Queen and so
they're framing us for all of these
killings okay that what that's the story
I'm not gonna screw up and skip the
cutscene again even though I desperately
want to mostly because I've seen it
before
you know cuz I played this phone this is
just like I'm itching itching
Corvo is dead yes we are corvo's
daughter
probably Garrett is that Garrett's voice
actor oh wait he's Korver not corvo's
definitely your dad played a little bit
of dishonored one unless there was a
plot twist you weren't he was great he
was very much in love with the Queen was
the implication yeah he was just like
though the bodyguard oh I guess you know
what uh maybe I wasn't paying too much
attention to the story I just assumed he
was my dad he basically he father you
know bow well I don't think I'm supposed
to be the biological father he wasn't
royalty yeah I think she just called him
father
she might think of that way sure he's
robots
that's cool there's just a heavy
implication he's the dead figure okay
all right
save for now I give you the greatest
gift of all
famine I present the lost sister Jessica
in common
your rightful
it's not
jessamine 900 jessamine so you're an
anti story guy how do you feel about
this my first watch there I was okay
like this is extra tough because I've
already seen this all before but I mean
apparently I did it didn't even all sink
in but I I do enjoy this world I enjoy
the look of the world and so I'm I find
it easier to get into this because I am
just curious about exploring this weird
world of robots and magic so I like how
it and I like how it all looks Eve I
know what they've
see well and and this is also fairly
short yeah bit of story right which is
very nice see she just had father again
this is all I'm saying
she says she said father I didn't play
all of the first can I just played a
little bit because at the time my
computer was a piece of shit right
so here's what I did like about the
story here because so like this is where
you get to choose who you want to be
right and so like for me jack we all
know you secretly want to be a woman I
like playing as the woman but for me the
story in my head is I want vengeance
over because I'm the princess queen you
know this is my court to rule her and
these motherfuckers are trying to take
over my crown so I want blood and so I
chose to be Emily so I could kill all of
these assholes right I am gonna play as
Corvo this time just to see what's
different but ah yes master mm nobody
has ever said anything more effectually
in corrected their entire life even
though it's not a fact it's an opinion
one that the they're saying that the the
the villain and thief too was stupid
though he was great because he was so
not a typical villain he talked like
droopy dog he talking like a lift bunny
he was very with you know creepy no
nothing that necessarily threatening
sure Oh interesting
I want to be the princess cream yes
oh okay they're saying the master
doesn't like his voice acting better
work yes word to your mother that's
because Stephen Russell was actually a
really good voice actor mm-hmm he did
the voice of Garrett and the voice of
Karras who was the villain in thief -
both sounded extremely different oh
that's very nice yeah I have not
I'm not a fast swimmer no I'm an
adequate swimmer I stay afloat
alright I'm gonna continue my murder
rampage now Emily Oh God do-do-do-do-do
do-do-do-do-do did I did though there's
an apple yeah gimme one all right I
remember how to do this
and I guess it's not too much of a
spoiler but so I played as Emily the
first time through yeah and Corvo got
trapped in marble yeah and the exact
same things in that lookup so it's just
whoever you want to play is okay so far
and obviously this is like nothing
that's happened yet but so far nothing
different has happened are all my
buttons the same block okay I brought my
mouse from home specifically because I
have a you're used to it like I'm used
to it and got my little lean buttons
here like right nope feedback these
masters are working with rams bastards
and murder murder murder we're gonna
murder that guy with his back to us
my favorite thief to level well life of
the party is impressive just for its
sheer fucking size but uh I forgot that
I forget the name of the level the one
where you have to sneak in Detroit's
home it's pretty good it's a nice twist
in there come back here I'm gonna murder
you
I think he comes back how fuckin dope
there's only one guy down there and it's
that guy oh yeah here comes
disloyal yeah yeah out of ten dude did
you put his body over here going see I'm
not sure if Stephen Russell's sounding
older because he's getting older or
because he's just trying doing that for
this character sure just playing an
older cares yeah murder
he holds the sword sideways when we were
in stealth mode and then if you're if
you're kind of up heat and heels at
normally but if you're in stealth mode
he kind of holds it sideways I assume
for stealthier kills well unless you
know right away what mode you're in
yeah it serves its purpose and see I
already know what's gonna happen he's
gonna he's gonna walk right past here so
I'm just gonna kill him
like I said I've already played this
level so filthy murderer I oh I know
like I'm rich is going to judge me
because I'm play that way you watch it
like four it's not mine
it's not your no you play you play it
how you want to play it but yeah for me
my characters want revenge they have
been betrayed and so there's no there's
no justice without murder
do-do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do
do-do-do-do-do pickpocket and kill oh I
felt great
he'll kill doo-doo-doo-doo
there are non-lethal methods Jack does
not give a shit
yep I know there's none lethal methods
Jack does not give one single flying
fuck if you sneak up behind someone and
press one button you can like choke them
out yeah and if you press a different
button you kill them they get up after a
while do they stay down
you wouldn't know you're murder every I
murder everybody yeah these guys I don't
know who they are I'm gonna kill him
this guy this guy over here oh no wonder
Jack likes clown he he clearly has
issues yeah yeah okay
looks very good
feels good feels let me look what these
assholes murdered everyone at my
daughter's party all right we gotta get
we gotta get moving
run run run murder murder murder whoo
and for those wondering a lot of people
ask our set up here you know I have I
have my mouse on my on my lap desk here
and I'm using my my one-handed nunchuck
I gotta get one of those for those it's
it's a you know it works in this game it
works for first-person games yeah what's
in here I don't think I went in here
linens not where we want to go we want
to go into our secret safe room I'm also
not getting any of the gold we already
got it from Ramsey anyway
gosh darn it
Ramsey Oh
apparently I didn't all right now go man
from Laurent um yeah that is sang rich
you said you would play any Final
Fantasy game for 998 dollars yes would
you be willing to play the first hour of
8 different games in the series for our
schadenfreude ik entertainment yes sure
if you want to pony up 998 dollars
all right I'll do that you will play the
first hour of the first eight Final
Fantasy games sure that seems dumb it
certainly doesn't seem like it's more
likely to get me to to like Final
Fantasy I think they're just trying to
think of getting their money's worth
like what will torture you the most and
that might be in that could be it
because like that like that's the early
stages of every game that's the worst
part of every game then you can never
get deep into the endless grinding good
oh Emily did not get the mask
by-the-bye come again so I think that's
just his thing right just just pointing
out differences and like you know we
came here as Emily and got the gun to
but the mask wasn't waiting for us
what is this pistol it's just in case
try not to use any of the pistol and get
the gold just chunks of gold laying on
the phone the girl look at this look at
this art - I like this right here I
don't know what it is but I think it's
cool-looking
I think it's cool-looking basically
alright let's get out of here let's go
on with this with this nonsense it's the
mask he wore in the first game oh I
assume oh yeah let's go to down Street I
assume it's the mask you wore in the
first game is there a mirror I want to
see how her character with the mask yes
agreed agreed agreed
what awful torture to play really old
JRPGs now it is if you hate JRPGs to
take a picture i don't know why we take
the picture but we take the picture Jack
can you pick stuff up and examine it
like a certain other game that shall not
be mentioned uh you you cannot like for
example there is world building here's a
book and you can read it yeah but you
can't pick it up and you cannot pick it
up and look at it a lot like another
game but you know there's there's a lot
of flavor texts in this and then like
you know you can open up cabinets a lot
of times they'll be like gold or shit in
here
I'm skipping through all that just cuz
I've already done this at home or like
here's some gold pieces going coin
here's like a little toilet you should
put the seat down always put the seat
down Oh actually you know what you know
it's actually really neat I don't know
if they have anything like this in theif
I'm sure they do
before you open to do outdoor Kimmel hey
anyone out there anyone out there wait
do it again
no Cheryl why is the whole door moving
the whole I hole is moving with your eye
it doesn't look like maybe it is maybe
it isn't it looks like it is a little
bit well the door would move a little
bit like a via whole face look like a
promise it looked like i'ma static oh ok
but now I could see a little bit of it
oh it's fine not as much as I don't I
think there should be but it's a video
yeah so we're gonna let it we're gonna
let it slide
yep okay wait
you can fall from a moderate height by
the way you know I didn't search up here
before oh I went a completely different
route last time that's what I'm liking
about the game so far is a lot a lot of
different ways to handle a situation
good fucking ears
oh yeah I didn't even go over here last
time
a mate of it's very very possible that
OBS does not like Dishonored - yes in an
effort to ease up I'm good I'm gonna
keep going like this so we know exactly
when it freezes again by the way rich so
keep an eye on them in an effort to ease
the stress of the good of the computer
in general the graphical settings were
on high I turned them down to low I
don't know if that will help
I doubt it this is this is what I got
you are back for now
we are I don't know if it will help
Dishonored and no I'm still moving so
that's good
I'm still moving and I'm gonna hit
resume no if you're not moving in the
game on this great jack I don't I don't
think you need to move your arms you
need you need the arm movement okay
alright
you know what come here fight me sure
you don't great jack I feel like I'm
doing great there we go there's like a
parry thing working if you can hit him
at just the right time right dick uh so
in any case everything's fine
everything's fine is it is it I don't I
don't think it is it's not all right
back to sneak in sneak sneak sneak which
I wasn't home sneak sneak sneak sneak in
through the city sneak sneak sneak
there's a bunch of rats here and if you
get above people I don't I don't like
being being down here
I like being above people maybe this guy
but I could kill this cunt dude dude
dude dude dude - dude I don't see that
nope yep somebody's on it
running away who are fucked running away
did he see me
yep oh that's great Perry I'm on it fuck
for a thousand people here today my guys
that just since we started Dishonored 2
I'm it's the Brits a brand new game
people want to see the sauna - people
want to see Jack you know fail at this
on it - that's fun I don't know what
they won okay back to it how do I get up
I want to get up can I climb on you want
to climb they look like I'm here
playing this lethally is like playing
Monopoly and ignoring the whole property
ownership thing you know I can play any
game how I got damn one to Aldrich yeah
and there shit no shit what the fuck do
you want me to just grow hair magically
it brick they caught me again that's cuz
you're trying to kill them rather than
just like sneaking past them I did I
actually tried to sneak past him yeah
man I failed horribly
or it's just a combat tutorial thing
yeah could be I don't know did they
forget about me now dick
fuck
gosh darnit how does it how does it feel
to be outwitted by game AI apparently
I'm it's good gosh Wow wowzers maybe
I'll try this side how about that how
about we'll learn for yes you guys
Indiana Jones apparently I was all ready
to fight those mom I mean I probably
would have lost the fight in general but
he threw a fucking rock at me
sir Chen says hey rich is drying you
want to be a robot or a character from
gimbley Studio Ghibli films Ghibli I
guess sure why not yeah you want to be a
giveaway it's all fine
that lady just saw crazy man with a mask
and a knife and a gun and didn't say
anything if I want to hide from him
there's that other dickhead get it
they're kind of right in the spotlight
now this is not a good play I'm not in a
good place rich I don't feel like I'm in
a good place and I'm not comfortable
where I am right now do you not have
blink or dark vision powers no no we
have no magic powers in I have the power
to you give them like sucked out of you
at the beginning of the game yes I have
the oh yes look you can chop off
people's arms and then throw it at other
people this is my favorite thing to do
see so you you can like distract a guard
by throwing an arm of a different guard
what is ready oh oh great distraction
check there well he looked at me he was
supposed to look right through the arm
anyway you can you can throw people's
arms and I kind of love that I'm gonna
take his arm do I get out of here now
cuz I just walk
oh shit
catch darning that's fine Jack that's
for everything it's fine everything's
fine it's just a game it is I know I've
gotten past this point in playing this
game by myself
zom saying it's always best to play
games you like really familiar with
history I know I know not a game you
just started playing I would feel you
know what I was gonna make you look bad
Jack I was feeling a little confident
I'll be honest with you
how do we how do we do this smartly
where is everybody that was one of the
first upgrades I got there's like a
vision where you can tell where people
are where's your goal where do you need
to get up there no there's a there's a
ship over here yeah but there's the
thing above your head thank you to the
ship no no this is just the docks see
it's there ah where is the ship
nope oh good yeah run away actually that
makes it way easier on me thank you
oh can you hit escape because there's
one thing I forgot about ya keybinding
wise yeah my health potions
health elixir you were gonna be why
great oh sorry telephone what happened I
hit escape again
maybe Jack should have started uneasy
maybe that time was Rich's fault though
really really
you're gonna blame you're gonna blame me
because I hit escape while you were
falling down after you had already died
like after I died you hit escape than
that I knew you were gonna hit escape
and so really miss me I'll take a lot of
abuse but I know damn jack damn here's
the thing I have this arm go investigate
the arm thank you killing it yeah you
killing I'm like stuck in this place
where they keep seeing me I threw an arm
why do they look at me this with so many
frozen arm are you looking up with that
this summer arm landed or where it came
from
you're supposed to say what three that
fucking severed arm yeah we should go
kill it I'm gonna throw it like here
what did it like no I'm just gonna wait
maybe they'll like disperse
I got him I kind of move in at least
sobs all right we got to figure out how
to get how to get out I've gotten myself
into a bit of a I've painted myself into
a corner rich Jack nice oh and how do
they know where you are now
no all right but if I put the arm down
and let's survey the situation what's
behind you
guards there's guards over there there's
guards over there are those guards on
the other side and I can't get over the
wall over that way I need to go this you
sure I'm fair I'm 90% sure yeah that
balcony there can you get up in that
balcony I could uh yeah no I can get oh
oh you know what hold on can you get up
on that ledge
oh here we go climb up on that that
cable thing can you get up there there's
electricity on that there's electricity
all through it yeah see you get
electrocuted all right well don't go
down there turn to your right
like it was a balcony over there or like
is there away like yeah oh yeah
Oh
and you know we'll even be a little
stuff about this okay I'll put them in
the dumpster
totally stealth supreme okay oh I must
have gotten here a different way Viet
before I've been here before
okay I know where to go from here okay I
didn't uh I don't know how I got to that
other place I don't even know how I got
here it's like a little hidden room well
by the way that was just boarded up and
there was no tutorial for life you can
break windows and shit yeah I just found
that I was like how neat you can just
break boards and shit it's great like
this doesn't that look like you should
you can't go there in video game fuck
that just break the board nice nice
are you talking to Oh doesn't matter
don't matter now I've already played
this level before so I know there's a
guy like right here yeah and he's about
to walk over here and I'm gonna jump on
him and stick a sword in his head don't
you know that there is JP versus the
world where I think of regarding the
board says I think you should have had
to have pressed a or X repeatedly for it
to be a good game mechanic what like a
little icon that pops up tear down tear
board oh right that's what other games
would do there'd be a little button
prompt that says you can break this
board to use this to you a tactical
advantage it's not decided to they just
put boards up and that's an option
that's an option okay there's a lot of
dead bodies too also they're fine
oh yeah that's fine
you let them be bodies you're fine
agreed could be honest I actually forgot
how the gameplay looks pretty decent
says scoring 1 to 10 yeah is the story
any good because that's what matters
that's totally what matters I hate I
hate what gaming has become I can't stop
it rich oh wait oh wait I remember what
I did there's a lot of ways to handle
this situation there are piranhas in the
water by the way oh cool so you can't be
in the water for too long rich what's
wrong with people wanting a decent story
with the gameplay there's nothing wrong
with it but it it shouldn't Trump really
really good gameplay this looks really
fun but is the story any good isn't a
question you should ask it shouldn't be
the priorities shouldn't be that way
good story is is like it's like icing on
the cake it's not the cake agreed
agreed
again everyone keep in mind I've already
played this before there's two guys on
the other side of this thing and so I'm
waiting for this guy to walk away so he
doesn't see me kill those two guys
because I kill everyone I murder
everyone that's my mo I never said it
was wrong to want both but if you're
going to dismiss something because it
doesn't have like lots of story base
stuff I don't know that's that's what
I'm that's what I'm speaking out against
but I want my Tetris pieces to have an
individual character arc rich seriously
I dismiss games that don't have story
doom is inferior shit to me
I mean if that's if that's where you're
coming from man that's where you're
coming from we disagree is all we can
say is all we can say I enjoyed the doom
the do mark the doom story as much as it
was but of course I'm not a story guy so
like that was perfect for me memory that
was perfect for me no do doom actually
had very good characterization it really
did I think so
ooh keoki Jack go back and grab that
suffer to harm she could use it Oh
terrible terrible guy feeling like an
RPG and then it matters quite a bit
who
where are you you might as well show
yourself
old friend no you didn't have to say who
it is dude
cuz why not bloody space whale man
bloody space whale no you can choose no
powers mode if you want or you can
accept the outsiders mark I mean I want
to use the magical hmm hmm they might
just be you know making an HD thief
remake interesting so then you get like
swoopy teleport powers well oh wow
I was off the mark oh you know he's
telling his swoopy teleport powers are
different than hers she has like a line
yeah that leads to it like his is just
the mark where you go so I guess I got a
little confused there
it's definitely his daughter because he
just said daughter
by-the-bye but i don't know that they
like i said i didn't play the full first
game at least parts i played that was
not explicitly stated okay
it seemed obvious he had a thing for the
mother right bud she was a queen and he
was just a bodyguard right just saying
this is where they're going in this one
she used him for his strong semen no
maybe I'm not against having a good
story in games you're completely no
maybe you've never heard us talk about
story in games ever before rich is the
one that pushes for story in games
really push it can only help a good
story can only help yeah I'm saying if
you're looking at this this is the spin
specifically what I started commenting
on yeah if you're looking at this and
you're saying oh this looks really fun
uh-huh and then you follow that
statement up with but what's the story
like then you're missing the point of
gaming maybe yeah maybe
you know maybe the maybe the lack of a
good story you know kind of hurts and it
could have been better if it had a good
story that I cared about mmm
but if like your judgment is predicated
upon the story
I think that's weird this looks really
fun but can extra smooth shooting
enemies felt great at a wonderful level
design a challenge throughout the whole
thing but just you know not a good story
so you know I gave the I give the game a
total of an F for fail
see also hotline Miami games being much
more deeper and more fun explorations of
the same themes as undertale first like
story and not JRPG he might like red
dead redemption i love red dead
redemption yeah yeah you've said it i've
played it
we haven't streamed it but i've played
it a lot like it
yeah that was that was a big story
cutscene but that gave us our
superpowers now we have now we have
super spooky powers and give it that
give us a lot of a lot of story on the
spooky powers the Duke of princes
I will repeat my argument hoping it'll
get noticed
okay games are a medium they are
supposed to mediate content what does
that mean mediate content might be a
delivery system for content okay okay
the the in-between between the I guess I
don't know that I'm scrolling I'm trying
to find it people on our channels which
is a good thing a game that a game that
has only gameplay but no story is formed
without content no it may still be fun
but then it's a fun game II game and not
argue okay why does your game have to be
art why is why is that necessary if you
have art and a game that's great no why
does it need to be all games must be
taken seriously as odds do because that
makes me feel good about myself my hobby
I don't have to feel bad about liking
games because I can say games are art
Mike hard the point is there's you know
art is not necessary
agreed oh I can do it great
yes no that's no I want
can you press up J thank you
you know what you know what Mass Effect
threes problem was mmm
somebody decided it needed to be art and
somebody knew nothing about art and
thought art meant some kind of darn
bizarre ending that was totally jarring
compared to the rest of the series
that's what happened to Mass Effect
mm-hmm but it was art it was art
absolutely
story won't help a shit game but it
helps a good one yeah yeah yeah good
story can elevate a mediocre game don't
thing that started this argument though
somebody was looking at something that
they thought was a good game a fun
looking game and then the next question
was well I'm not interested if you know
how I read that wasn't that never really
interested less it has a good story
mm-hmm but it looks like a fun game yeah
a good story be great but if this looks
fun
to do what
which I still think you're reading too
much into that question possibly
possibly
oh she's think text I'm not say I'm not
hearing like tone of voice or any of
that I'm just reading text have either
of you ever been compelled to finish a
game you didn't particularly enjoy
playing because you were engrossed in
the story arguably Mass Effect though I
would it still weighs a look into that
the shooting aspects of Mass Effect 1
are garbage
absolute garbage but I'd argue the story
in that largely was the game that's what
kept me going
Mass Effect isn't about shooting at
things Mass Effect is all about that
dialogue wheel mm-hmm
the patented dialogue wheel patented
apparently yes is what we learned No
hello Batman Arkham Knight yeah yeah
watered-down Batman Arkham game but
still pretty good story yeah that's
another good example link
Mass Effect one you could mod the guns
like crazy to remove there are also
8,000 guns and it was a pain in the ass
and looking at a list of like 50 guns to
see which one had slightly better stats
ya know numbers game I hate fucking
awful I hate math the gun game
two backs says just read that Trump's
chief strategist Steve Bannon was a
Seinfeld producer yep do you think Trump
will draft the original cast finally
error the Twin Towers episode hashtag
makes Seinfeld great again that's gonna
be his first executive order would be
the worst like what they have a say in
the matter
no no yeah under under penalty of
imprisonment they have to produce you
know the he'll produce it but they have
to perform the Seinfeld 911 episode I'm
not you know that brings up some issues
of you know freedom of speech and
whatnot but I kind of want to see the
episode so I'm a little torn
I'm skipping this like a sword Mass
Effect 2 and three had terribly boring
guns I get that the multiplayer and
three was popular but I just never saw
one had like the same gun but just
slightly different stats incrementally
throughout the game and in in in two
three less so fuck three two they felt
different the guns all felt different
had the fucking revenant that's good
rats follow and Megan following Megan
she's gonna take me to the skiff
doo-doo-doo hey I found it
thank you over here that's Ryan roll
let's do it Meghan what happened to her
arm it's off nothing else matters maybe
she lost in the war she's an old fighter
maybe she's a pirate maybe she lost it
in the rat plague there's a thing called
the rat plague that sounds awesome yeah
she's got a big like old scar on her
face and one of her eyes is like sewn
shut she's seen some shit that's all
that matters who cares how she lost it
she seen shit game trail view cases
apparently Trump will be in the White
House part-time desiring to remain
living and working out of his penthouse
on the 58th floor of Trump Tower Wow
anti-trump as a New Yorker I'd do it too
New York City is better than deceived he
can't and actually he cannot they've
already the Secret Service and the the
mayor of New York has already forbade
him from living at Trump Tower he wants
to he wants to keep living where he
lives and for security issues they would
literally have to close down four blocks
in New York what grounds do they have to
forbade him he can't shut down the city
the mayor can say you can't live here he
would shut down for bloggers precedents
for this probably not but I guess I'm
guessing it would come up real fast okay
but there yeah they've already said like
no you cannot watch you cannot live here
for security reasons the White House
that's why the White House is there it's
so awesome that Trump didn't think of
that I don't think he expected to win no
no he did not expect me he's still
dealing with it you if everyone saw the
pictures of him with Obama that first
meeting
dear in fucking headlights yes I'm doing
this now I've seen that look I've see
I've done that look before I yeah
absolutely I can do that yeah for the
main reasons he is not gonna do four
years here's the thing at this point
with with way things stand now
yeah you should not be rooting for Trump
to stand down
because while Trump is a boob he is not
Micah pence very true Mike do you want
Mike Pence
nobody wants President of the United
States no no like super religious right
incredibly honest and on and unafraid to
push that religion on other people
through laws hey this thing I have
fuckin thing
I kind of love this like it was just a
whaling town and there's just like
canals of blood canals of fishing blood
then they end up hatching more mud pies
for the next group of idiots who try to
get inside
hey where you going I talk to you no
thanks thanks for that thanks for the
heads up what do we want to go again
where's my thing
yes yes I am worried about that oh the
wall of light is a dangerous security
system from the age of the rat plague
those not attuned are burned to ashes
upon passing through the wall of light
as far as we know but you're being
filled by one meal this a rat and find a
small passage
it's too late for that Oh
what what no I'm not looking for a fight
mama says what long time stream watcher
question yeah is your chat doomed to be
yet another cesspool of crocodile brains
and lion brains yelling about politics
are you at all concerned it'll be this
way forever no it won't be this way
forever
things are very heated right now mm-hmm
no and you know as long as he keeps it
no no name-calling oh yeah I think right
now it's starting to get a little bit
crazy yeah the chat hey chat be cool we
can have a silly we can civilly disagree
with each other or stop talking about it
that's that those are our two options
can I climb this no how about that
dishonor to you know I I'm really how
about that I so far I am super liking it
how about them cubbies oh my god rich
does anybody remember those cubbies shit
what you dickhead shut me you know are
you getting you know you get Barry let's
see
bye dickhead
I got dickheads here rich I thought the
whole reason I was wearing a mask is so
people wouldn't see me as a skull mask
yeah that's not gonna stand out I think
I just ate in here maybe a pair oh oh
that's a bad guy I thought he might be a
good guy something you picked up yeah
yeah that's I want to go that sound
effect the crunching yeah okay yeah
and bye so you shouldn't knock them out
and then throw them over the balcony
that's a great idea let's do that what
the hell is going on in here
yeah next one I'll do that I love it
what the hell is going on in here
Oh outside of her painting mine steal
that shit yeah oh that's doing something
that's doing something jack has not
played the first one and for what I
haven't played the second one yet
yeah and I haven't played the whole of
the first one I have no no Peter was
shit at the time I have now gotten
farther in this one than I have in my
initial playthrough I'm liking it so far
but and even though I'm playing it wrong
why did you play it how you want that
Roger so so far that's my biggest
compliment to the game is they leave it
open you want to do stealth you want to
do action you want to take the balconies
you want to take the street you get to
choose how you want to enjoy your
experience I think I think the action
kind of ruins a lot of the experience of
the stealth hmm I could play itself no
you don't you don't have those tense
moments like you had in theif like oh I
hope I don't get spotted I hope not just
oh well I'm just stabbed now yeah but
you could play stealth sure but it
doesn't it's not gonna feel as tense
mm-hmm
that's the one let's see if I can find
another piece of food to bite on we want
to get killed right by a rock you bet
they plan for that oh yeah
I can't even fucking believe I got
killed by that rock are you liking this
more or less than Deus Ex
is the question so far more MORE it's uh
it's a little more focused than Deus Ex
that was my big problem with Deus Ex is
uh is there was just too many things to
do and the world was tough to get a
grasp on so far I feel I feel focused oh
that's right I'm trying to get around
the wall of light any benefit to being
stuff like well I know the first one I
haven't even haven't finished it but
I've heard it there's a different ending
for not killing so many people and at
the I don't know what they do on this
one if it's the same thing where there's
a different ending or not I have no idea
so far at the end of each level you get
kind of points and and yes they make
special note if you did it stealthily
and or murder free because there's
another thing for a pacifist rotten land
so I would assume yes that you get
different endings
pull out the heart to see how many rooms
there are in this level exclamation
point exclamation point exclamation
point exclamation point exclamation
point exclamation point exclamation
point that's a lot of exclamation points
dick knees asked Jack to pull out the
heart every once in a while to look for
rooms etc applying a wrong Jack no I
kind of just don't want to applying it
wrong I know I know
no I don't you know this is not my safe
obviously so like I haven't really been
concerned about the rooms or anything
cuz I know I'm not gonna continue this
game later yeah but okay yes I will I
will and I'll show people because maybe
they don't know how the game works so
you get you get this this is your like
quick inventory you know like you can oh
oh that's right I have my crossbow and
you get your you know I got my blink oh
yeah that's right I haven't you know
what I haven't been really paying
attention so okay here's the heart it's
a strange artifact that beeps and now it
shows us where all the cool stuff is and
you can get runes and artifacts and shit
do I have to keep it or now are they I
have to keep it up so it kind of shows
you like what is the secret stuff is
there's shovelry hello
that was look at that by the way hmm
that was another little thing worse yet
what happened that was a door yeah and
it didn't look like it could be open and
you went up to it and there was no
button prompt yeah and you have to find
a way out there's like a gate of light
over here that you have to get her out
how lovely how lovely is this game who's
whistling can I kill you
I mean I'm gonna kill you but should I
kill you I can kill you and people in
this uniform they deserve to die this
person probably doesn't deserve to die
that rich friends 10 minutes talking
about how thief is so much better
because you have to look for secrets and
how much more satisfying it is to find
them yourself you know what I have never
said that about secrets yeah yeah
learning a blood fly but a blood flies
will wrench over a wrench
I want a wrench in thief how does the
rope arrow support Garrett's weight
magic the magic oh yeah I know the
answer that magic I'm gonna kill that
guy that's for sure
sneaky sneaky sneaky
shit yeah okay
none of us says fellas babies donator
here
I hear you it's heated now but Xmas is
right around the corner rich what's your
favorite Xmas memory dang
any word on that hot must-have toy for
the kids this year the hot must-have toy
for kids this year uh no I don't really
know I don't really know I don't like we
you know we don't watch commercials or
anything we don't like watch TV with the
kids only Netflix and stuff so I don't
know what the hot new toy is it's always
the Legos like that's all my kids care
about his Legos and shit and some I
don't know what other kids are into oh
yeah
there's there's a big thing with Monster
High dolls okay if if you got if you got
a lady kid also known as girls oh I
thought you you didn't treat your
children that way I thought when you
went to McDonald's you didn't ask
you didn't answer if it was the girl or
the boy toy you just wanted such a toy
ya know now all the sudden you flip
flops you know it's now and I'm semester
high is a girl's toy yeah mostly because
her dolls I don't know if I've ever told
that story on stream before but there
was one particular instance where we
went to the McDonald's Happy Meal I got
I got some Happy Meals for my kids and
they were and they said they had either
they had either Packers figures or my
little oh no not my little plastic
bearing bear or a Packers thing and the
person at the checkout was like do you
want a girl's boy or a boy's toy and I
was like what are the toys and they go
it's a it's a Packers it's a it's a pet
a little
Green Bay Packers figure or stuffed bear
in mind everybody hassles one-stop fair
Packers figure and you know we don't
watch sports and so they're like stuffed
bears like Oh stuffed bear and says
she's like so to girls toys mmm right
and you know my boys right there and
they're like what is that a girl's toy
yeah that's like it's a fucking stuffed
bear and and so yeah I got into a bit of
a thing but yeah yeah but uh so yeah
that like that was just a thing and so
it's just like no he's like are you
saying are you saying girls aren't into
Packers are you saying boys don't like
stuffed teddy bears fuck you know that
lay a button that said girls toy on the
screen exactly she's she's paid minimum
wage you can she can barely afford or
fucking rent yep now and now she's she's
got she's got you giving her shit yeah
I'm I was given her shit
how about you just say it what the toys
are and not worry about like girls toy
boys toy
yeah they asked me for a Christmas story
no I was gonna do it I can't I can't
remember how the story goes I can't read
tell it well enough
no to do it justice I was gonna tell the
the the Phoebe Cates gremlins story with
the father and the chimney but I'd
probably fuck that up
you ever see gremlins yeah but I'm not
the famous scene which talks about the
year her father died trying to go down
the chimney dressed like Santa Claus
nobody could find the body until they
there's like smell started coming from
the fireplace I don't remember that I'm
weird a story in the middle of gremlins
I don't remember that no oh gotta get in
there somehow so that's a ruin nomemes
something heartfelt rich I like getting
toys there's your answer
it was really cool a year my father
upgraded the my PC enough that I could
run doom huh that was great that guy's
peeing gotta pee I'm London Peters but
shit out of here by shit an XP story
jack is so good at video games yeah I
think that was one Christmas morning
where I had one of those like just 10
minute long Peas when I first got out
just would not end there's not much more
to the story
lupito I just got it it's Christmas I
want to go out there I don't my toys I
just I keep peeing god this is this is
fury a ting did you go in the toilet
yeah when the toilet no good where would
I like my bed yeah 10 minute long pee in
my bed that'd be that'd be awkward yeah
what have you awkward I mean
congratulations by the way just kept
coming
forget it if we're going in the toilet
sorry chances okay here's an ex miss
question yeah do you remember any uh
what the fuck gifts you've gotten mine
was some Costco pack of training bras I
opened in front of everybody
oh I do remember going to a Christmas
party when I was a kid I was a little
kid that was larger that was basically
my I never called him my stepfather but
that's what he was mm-hmm my stepdads
family I did not get one present from
those bastards I was a kid
nothing terrible oh yeah so I guess I
guess my answer to that question is
nothing
now my siblings hmm who were born from
that that that that stepdad
well they got presents they got plenty
of presents I could go fuck myself
oh it's fine I didn't like any of those
pricks anyway it was more than made up
for an actual Christmas by my mother's
side of the family fucking stuff throw
rocks at me
murder all of you people damn it damn it
how old was I no younger than 10 King
mellows stop watching if it frustrates
you to watch me play this I recommend
you stop watching what do I think of the
movie A Christmas Story
I discovered it before TMT did yeah
there's quite fond of it
all right
more green card soldiers do
as an adult I watched it's a wonderful
life and I realized it's it's fantastic
film yeah yeah I kind of love it's a
wonderful life yeah it's all right
that's great what are some great
Christmas movies Scrooged is the most
underrated one most underrated or best
and everyone knows it
I don't know that everyone knows it you
don't hear much talk about screws forged
yeah everyone knows screws Bill Murray I
love it I just don't know that it's
universally acknowledged as an all-time
great oh I don't know what it is
ie girl can fucking make Scrooge
cavalcade is just in general great and I
don't I don't know why she wasn't in
more things to good for that hanging out
doing Carol Kane shit like she makes the
unbreakable kimmy schmitt every scene
she's in she steals yep under present
I'm gonna say gremlins is a better
Christmas film than die hard if you want
that nod Christmassy Christmas film
thing gremlins sure son of a bitch
please don't get it I don't care what I
was supposed to do die repeatedly well
yeah if you try solve I you know I don't
understand it rich what I don't
understand what I'm supposed to be
looking for where I'm supposed to be
going stealth in general that's why I
gravitate towards action stealth
requires thinking which in general is
not my strong suit JJ cheater says just
letting you hack frauds no I really
enjoy these streams and your content
even when I have a shitty weekend you
hacks make me forget all about it
yeah and lol being my ding man you Thank
You JJ jigger
what was the sport nigger Christmas film
jingle all the way with with Anakin with
Anakin Skywalker Jake Jake Lloyd want to
end one of the last Phil Hartman movies
oh yeah yeah yeah Wow yeah unless Phil
Hartman movies as you know random cocky
neighbor I thought for a second I
thought you said bukkake neighbor as the
bukkake neighbor yep but it's highly
different that's a very different kind
of neighbor
hmm buzzkill jack yeah whatever people
die
that's a mic line rich wait we have very
similar sense of senses of humor being
mic hmm
the darker the humor the better I think
that's that's why we're friends yeah why
you gravitated towards each other yeah
absolutely absolutely
Muppet Christmas Carol is the best
Christmas movie Muppets Christmas Carol
came out that era when whenever you saw
them up but she just couldn't help but
be reminded about Jim Henson being dead
and a most depressing yeah still it's
it's a very it's a very good version of
Christmas Carol okay how can you watch
it nothing yep Kermit's not Kermit
because Jim Henson's dead people die
people that it's fine get over oh this
feels really Hollow and empty without
Jim Henson yeah I got Michael cannon
that's great it's fine
Scrooge is your is your off-the-wall
Christmas Carol
and and Muppet Christmas Carol is a
family-friendly version and that's all
the versions that you ever need
the Christmas toy is that when Jim
Henson did a toy story before Toy Story
did it yeah I think I remember that one
Christmas toy yeah it basically did the
same plot as toys sorry with the toys
come to life oh no one's around
element 731 says Jack yeah I'ma be real
for a sec bit girl yeah
don't listen to these haters in chat you
do you boo boo
let them haters fall by the wayside you
heard lol Jack my Packard great I'm with
you okay jack is with you you should
know
blink Jack for the love of God but they
want you to blink nope
no he just wants to stab people in the
neck
blink could help him stab people in the
back he could like teleport right behind
them oh fuck I always you know I'm
forgetting I have that ability is what's
happening right that like I can't
remember that he can blink
where'd that lady go there was a lady
over here didn't then no magic powers
intrigues me though like is there a
different ending for that yeah
does Jack have any what the fuck Xmas
stories he didn't answer so I assume he
just doesn't some people don't
yeah not really
you killed that nice lady mm-hmm she
killed me before so so I would say she
deserves it you know you don't seem to
have any loyal supporters the school
seems to have gone on without a hitch
doesn't that say a lot about the Queen
here no no I don't know what you're
talking about
apparently nobody wanted this girl in
power I have died you don't understand I
don't understand what you're saying all
right
ah I don't understand what you're saying
she was that she's the queen and and I
was her protector and I did a really
great job of protecting her you can tell
I did a really great job of protecting
her because now she's at marble statue
which is like the second Queen that I've
done a really shitty job of protecting
who saw me does that mean someone saw me
the heart can tell you if she deserved
it or not well that's weird
what
the heart can tell you if you deserved
it or not
stand up yecchh ooh
coins only do three against wall
I can't go through that doo-doo-doo-doo
that seems like a terrible hiding yeah
that's not a good hiding spot I just
wanted to get out of their direct line
of sight shit you're gonna get killed
but the person who was obviously right
behind him that he was talking to I just
wanted to kill one of them you kill the
one in the back so that if you kill the
one in front the guy behind is just
gonna see you kill one and back and then
you so can you kill the other one take
em both what are you doing what are you
doing
so Kevin both ezpz look they're dead
isn't that all that matters the dead
no rewired tool available oh it's what
do you get for playing without magic is
there different ending for that or is it
just personal challenge Jack do you have
unspent rooms you might be able to have
dark vision right now I'm assuming dark
vision is detective vision but I'm not
sure about that
yeah I think it's like the tech division
III don't worry about it
generally because rich doesn't even like
the game when he's triggered by how bad
jack is no I hate the game wow I don't
know where the fuck they got that from I
heard that about you
the hard can tell me if someone deserves
to die well if it's just achievements
that's stupid okay he's developed a
taste for what fine foods so instead of
buying oh look at Karen is in the chat
and she has subscribed with twitch prime
what thanks Karen
Richard thank you for subscribing I
especially look appreciated look rich I
can make him suck his own dick that's
Pleasant he could have afforded medicine
to save someone but he ate cherry pies
instead so I killed him doot doot doot
doot doot C about this God the first
thing she heard after subscribing was
you talkin about a man sucking his own
dick after you cut him in half
mm-hmm she knows what she's subscribing
to
oh he's gonna die I I think this is
pronounced jaimé jaimé jaimé jaimé n--
says jack yeah
what is that Wiimote like device in your
hand
also how's it going the game or the
device your hand nothing so this is a
frag showing up at the camera this this
is a frag Chuck it's basically just an
analog stick with some buttons and a
d-pad and some more buttons over here
and it's a more comfortable way to play
games like this where you know like it
would be comfortable if those buttons in
front that are normally the shoulder
buttons yeah well there weren't the most
uncomfortable things in the world to
reach there is poorly it's not ergo nama
Klee designed it is not economically
designed so it's not a perfect solution
but it's especially for like couch
gaming and you know I have the mouse on
the lap desk here and so this is it's
just an easy analog stick it's great
riches bum thinks he's happened it
thinks he's handsome oh that's that's
nice hey rich look yeah I've never I've
never thrown a severed head in the game
before look cuz honey sure does Jonas
there a head got a head throw it at the
window what Jack has no interest in
seeing if he has room just to spend on
power she just doesn't care nope here
and here's wife as I've as I've
discussed before I am not planning this
is not my save on this computer right
here and so on what I'm what's gonna
happen is I'm gonna go home and I'm
gonna continue my save playing as Emily
let's see if I can hit the light let's
see if I can hit the light ready nope
oh fuck yeah that's great that's a Judy
doing this when they're just unconscious
you can be having a lot of fun oh you're
right well I would just kill them yeah
but the more fun way how about I throw a
body at someone
there are legs at someone hard core you
want to be able to push both the
directions at the same time you can't
with them when the fuck do you ever hit
right and left at the same time and
expect to actually do something I'm
sorry what I could be wrong I could be
reading that wrong I think somebody is
complaining about your device my little
chart here inferior to the keyboard
because you can't press two directions
at the same time as if that would do
anything anyway if you were using a
keyboard can you you have to keep it
right next to you can you press a and D
at the same time I just go one of the
directions okay try it again
oh no I go I hit an D and I go left okay
great
solve that mystery letter try forwards
and backwards sure I am NOT going both
directions I am only going backwards
sure but interestingly it prioritizes
backwards it's very interesting and so
and unlike the keyboard like if I a
keyboard like let's say you wanted to
move diagonally yeah you'd have to press
two keys at the same time but here I can
just diagonally I'm really easy right
now that two keys for diagonal is super
hard but it's not necessarily an
advantage no neither is but but this is
no this is just an efficient way to do
this rich you're getting trolled I don't
care if I'm getting trolled as long as
it makes for entertainment but you guys
should have realized this by now I think
something is interesting to talk about
or poke fun at even if it's a troll I
will read it and talk about it mm-hmm
rich do you like off no nobody likes
golf you're fucking weirdo weirdos let
go weirdo who likes to be bored
I guess playing golf be considerably
different than watching golf I don't
understand watching golf though no have
you ever played golf
no okay Oh mini golf usuall I like mini
golf that's fun okay that's good
I have golfed I have golfed a few times
even I've even had a couple good games a
good games of golf
yes yes Karen we played mini golf all
the time and we loved it
I got two holes in one last time with
what yeah yeah it was great
you're a newbie to PC competitive gaming
if you think hitting both directions at
once can't ever be an advantage this is
this competitive single player decided
to I want to let you know this was this
was a tryout rich I was trying out for
Shaq's competitive single players
honored Shaquille O'Neal is putting
together I mean I I didn't want to tell
you because I didn't want to make you
nervous but Shaquille O'Neal is putting
together a competitive single player
Dishonored 2 team and this was my
audition tape and I thought this would
give me the edge this thing that makes
it more comfortable to play the game I'm
playing wait you mean you were just
playing for comfort but I was just
playing for count well you know I
thought if I was more comfortable maybe
I'd like my moves would be a little
faster but now this guy's got my he's
got my number
he's got my number mark yeah you can't
hit left and right at the same time
which apparently just makes you go left
right
mopar stl explained how as as the lead
gamer yeah you are yes please oh really
MLG pro gamer yep how does that help
under what scenario does that help yeah
please give a specific situation in
which hitting both the left and right
key at the same time helps is
advantageous to us as want to be want to
be pro gamers
dead DDR alright well we're not playing
DDR we're playing dishonored if we were
playing DDR we would probably be using
some other device competitive
professional competitive dance dance
revelution rich he's got us there well
that's different
okay there's one more person okay if you
want to ad ad strafe back and forth and
an online shooter the button you let off
of you go the other way slightly quicker
strafing back and forth slightly quicker
left and right strafing I guess I guess
sure sure you know what fine now give it
to him
I don't Karen I guess I just don't care
that much where am I going again no
other character I've heard it's a thing
in counter-strike says Cisco Brisco okay
where you strafe out and then hold both
directions to stop faster than just
releasing it because physics or
something okay great next time we try to
get into highly competitive MLG Pro
Cisco gaming that's what we'll do then I
can't use this is what you're saying but
for right now I think we're gonna stick
to what we're doing she is sweet jeebus
crisp
jyggalag 35 says hence why I don't play
competitive PC games because of the
massive amount of bullshit that people
will say to you they tell me you don't
hit the left and right button at the
same time you know you can stop a
fraction of a second earlier when
strafing I've been I've been ad ad
strafing now for about three years and I
think it's really brought on my game I
was I was ranked 427 now I'm three
threes went up a couple lengths Lloyd
beats no I did not pay $70 for that
nunchuck controller this is actually
this is so now it's called the frag
Chuck yeah by split fish fish this one
is the frag FX shark 360 because I
bought this for my xbox 360 how many
years ago was the Xbox 360 yeah yeah Wow
all right this was a device that you
could add actually came with a mouse and
you could plug this and a mouse into
your xbox 360 and it's an end up not
working out I wasn't ready for Mouse
gaming yet but you know I just kept it
around cuz I didn't throw stuff out and
now I use it like for I use it for
overwatch I use it for a bunch of
first-person shooters so that's you know
what Lanfranco sinski you're absolutely
right the real game have kill three all
right I'm done you're done I can't I
mean I'm not good enough rich okay I
can't handle competitive one player
Dishonored 2 I'm never gonna make it on
to shacks professional - let me catch up
with a donation catch up with the
donations
sorry Chen says dammit no I'm drunk
gahafer Jack is contagious element 71
says I love this dream so much I'm
telling you though ignore the haters who
wait did you slag off golf unsubscribing
take my birthday boy
perfect yeah yeah all right let me go
I'll tab it oh damn it where this one
this one all right this is the part of
the stream where we thank all the people
who have subscribed to us during the
stream much like dr. Krieger doctor yes
you're a Krieger dr. Kriegers they know
that if you watched Archer then don't
half man half cat oh shit three months
love you guys
beer Meister 20 89 for 13 months in her
own beer Meister 2089 says 13 months as
a pseudo lurker lol rooster is a cock
Luke 72w whose mama you dissing their
Packard that was my tweeting today was
my tweet today was we might play some
dishonored all were just gonna be
dissing your mama we did I mean you know
this is what happens when we let it
leave me alone with the Twitter are rich
too late it's too late it's already done
zach is wack baba yaga leila says did
you unconsciously say this name during
the Halloween best of the worst
oh maybe I did maybe that's where babba
Yaga we were talking about we're talking
about betta Yaga I might have thrown a
wall up and I was very intoxicated and
then and babble ya koalas right in there
inset flow Phatak and incest cephalo
pathetic Oh in cephalo pathetic says two
months of Amazon paying you for me
Thank You encephalopathy
Mario Mario 42:29 fucking months in a
row holy crap get on the trolley that is
all we're on it we're on tomorrow Mario
rogue No welcome no wow at all
I have reason to live nay reason isn't a
in there kick girl v/o
okay future future J Morgan's bein gay
for Jack dark matter 16 months in a row
and Dark Matter says D adeline befo
Potamus 429 fucking months in a row
captain lower one small ball says
tomorrow is the first day of the rest of
your life so grab it by the pussy maiden
Walter that's a do that
Trump BOTS grab them by the pussy crane
some niak clone 2727 says don't listen
to the bridge final fantasy doesn't
interest me either metal then medival n'
medival ven met Evolvin says love you
guys prereq is my favorite google blind
Scottie okay okay the DAX 22 fucking
months in a row sir on ik says forget
had to do it manually
oh god nope Chernobyl kinsmen 19 months
in a row says it's all in the reflexes
great movie great reference
thank you Rick Alyssa Oh
Contador decembre nice nice product but
and FRA depth says I'll help you out
it's pronounced fro Det I mean I know DT
be 40 TB oh is that it Pro DT gotta like
throw some capitals in there or
something give us a hint flood upped fro
d TB I've never explained more sense the
ad 209 whoa slashed from DuckTales for
25 fucking months in a row
white vein mess collector evil kumquat
says don't take this the wrong way but
the Russian baby song kicks the ass of
our love is in love no I don't I don't
take that the wrong way because you're
absolutely correct
absolutely absolutely this is dead baby
song the babies died it was all improv
lower story the great and wonderful
Laura story where were we even called
bebo Zuka that's like Bo yeah Bo Zuka
this new subscriber says LLL read my
tweets hens a frosh for 14 months in a
row I don't know what to write evil Lord
David Clem Fandango freewheeling Pope
Fresno oh I know
Fresno Bob slug nut says sub D n thanks
amazon also shoutouts to the rock for
taking our master again Jack Corvo shuts
up to the raw shuts up to the rock for
taking out Master Assassin Oh taking out
Master Assassin
Jack Corvo yes sometimes it's just as
simple as throwing a rock at someone and
they die oh oh and I died when the guy
threw the rock I was thinking
wrestling's the rock oh do you smell
what MC Lukas is cooking for 29 fucking
months in a row almost 30 fucking months
shit she by River 24 fucking months in a
row says love you guys anxious about the
new job Darrell been watching your
episodes all week well I've had the
stomach flu game on you goobers good
luck tomorrow that's good luck the off
switch games that are games are art
Super Mario Brothers is art 100% light
cotton 16 months in a row says good job
guys good job guys keep up with the good
work
ring chard amps 78 13 months in a row
the Duke of prunes
Cameron Mitchell's ghost shut that
fucking door ever thrown a e-j pimps all
the this girl named Colleen also likes
yo stream and at the last minute
snake lots of fives thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we really do
