Getting Salty (Salt and Sanctuary part 2)
March 27, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IFno5QeAPqk

rich who is the worst headlining
comic-book character the worst
headlining so who has their own comic
book quasar exactly my brains too old
pull up every character that ever has
been right it's not Howard the Duck
because I actually like he hired the guy
comics Destler deserts up there yeah
back when disco was the same I'm serious
it's a character who was inspired by
disco there you go
oh you can interrupt to this come on
Lady Starks it up you know what I
haven't been trying he's um counter yeah
who I countered but I don't know what it
did look like did you heal or do you
gain help oh I use the healing potion
right before them oh forget countering
try to win on it what do I think of Red
Hood I'm only I'm only familiar with the
Joker version of the Red Hood I haven't
read anything where Jason Todd with the
Red Hood that's a mystery to me I
haven't I guess I haven't been into a
comic restoring a very long time what
about the Teen Titans what about a bunch
of lame sidekicks
Teen Titans go is a fun show on Cartoon
Network that count
rich if you had to create a character
what would his powers be it's part of me
to make you shut up stop asking me about
comic books I haven't read that be my
fucking power
my chef Enosh you're a lame the sidekick
that's very true
that was incredibly dumb shit shit
they stole all myself I've had 14,000
you get a bag be a man and get back god
fucking damn it
ah you got a key for killing that boss
oh well there you go
I gotta go
bitch why are you so grumpy you're gonna
you can see the shit I'm putting up with
it's all fine except for you you know
who you are if I had to create a
superhero here's what is super foggy
yeah
his superpower would be invulnerability
unable to get injured in any fashion
yeah and he and then this character
would have gotten this power when he was
just a normal dude here's where it gets
fun
yeah do you know how you build muscle by
by breaking your own muscles by breaking
your own muscles you have to like lift
weights and that breaks muscles and that
grows new muscles so he's invulnerable
but just normal normal strength yeah no
superhuman strength whatsoever but he
could be hit by a bus
somebody has done this I'm sure
somebody's done this it sounds it sounds
like someone has done this look at the
cheerleader in heroes no she had human
oh the healing factor that would be my
superhero and he'd have to figure out
how to defeat the bad guys just by
hurling himself at the bad guy like like
oh the bad guys like using a giant robot
suit he would like jump into the gears
yeah but do you still feel pain yes okay
it was pain all of his nerves work all
the time perfectly perfect perfectly
everything in his body work for him to
the can't you can't be hurt there's no
listen I'm breakable oh that's pretty
good except for he has some strength
right I don't he was a football player
yeah no Bruce Willis was super strong
and unbreakable am i looking forward to
mass effect and drama up no I'm not you
send me a copy of mass spect and drama I
will destroy it on camera sight unseen
sight unseen unopened ever released I
guess I'll see the package exactly
beefcake well I'm talking with Freddie
Williams about drawing a comic based on
my character right now T 2 2 2 TT - hey
now that you're done with the turtles
the Batman run which is love today
affording the VCR repair shirt during
the stream before Batman Superman came
out because we actually filmed some of
the skits stuff earlier just so we can
get the review out faster so we can just
still see the movie sit down talk about
it and not to worry about filming other
stuff it speeds up the process
how's the plugin review coming that that
you'd have to ask Mike that
I can't oh I guess I was wondering with
it what the triangle and square button
did no salt
I have no salt rich okay so now I have
to Liberty bloops wisdom improves
effectiveness of prayers fuck that the
half in the bag was really great thank
you
the comments section is full of salt
yeah you know apparently people really
like this Batman thing willpower
willpower determines your maximum
stamina oh I like I like more stamina
but oh yeah we're just going straight up
strength here improve the attack of
strength to scale weapons which I assume
my pot is strength improves attack of
strength kill weapons or endurance
have jancker rich ever bothered with
Elfquest fun fact about rich Evans
I don't like elves I don't care about
elves I don't see the appeal white
people like elves like in any general
just people with goofy ears what's the
big fucking deal I never much got into
your generic fantasy tropes you know
rich if I if I if you run for president
on the on the fuck elves yeah I'm saying
like you you'd be like here's the here's
what I'm gonna do as president I'm gonna
try to remove elves from all of fantasy
fiction I will be your vice president I
mean you know what I've never given
elves much thought I just thought what's
the appeal for the pretty in this
spindle in the magical in the woods and
they should bow and arrow should your
magic up your ass I don't give enough
ugh I'm super strong now like I'm gonna
defeat everyone with my pan
need something oh wait I can't upgrade
my pan right because I need a doll can't
be racist against elves they don't exist
like that I'm just gonna go smashing
things here's something here's something
that is just a really mild annoyance
about the game is when you're like you
know if I go into like learn prayers I
can press the circle button to go back
to this but I can't press the circle
button to get out of this menu I have to
go and press done mild annoyance but I'm
you know alright let's see how much I
well I smash things now I did two levels
up in strength I should smash things
like hello there should be only played
Legend of Zelda game yes and it wouldn't
make any difference if link were an elf
or not it's a pointless fantasy race no
use scaling okay yeah so this is a
strength scaling weapon okay good my eye
Ron pot I know when is an elf
I'm saying it's irrelevant like it
wouldn't make anything like link L for
killing like what is the matter Mason
else is you know heroes you see them in
do you know what do you call the things
that even know he's a known we didn't
know place even know yeah alright I'm
done with that elves are called Isles
art all beautiful creatures because the
link is a garden gnome he comes from the
forest he protects the trees
chef's smash I just don't like Tolkien
it was fine for the time and I really
can't stand white people they're awful
I'm being silly right now I couldn't I
couldn't understand the silly reference
and I'm very sorry it was too silly rich
honestly white people are the worst and
I think everyone who agrees with that
I tried to read was the first one of the
Rings again I didn't member the name
fellowship I got I couldn't get like
three pages and do it right it just
completely lost me almost immediately I
can see that not for everyone
you didn't read a hobbit first no
usually been Lord of the Rings are
supposed to be the good shit so I
started there no I know everybody
started reading The Hobbit I think look
at how fucking ugly this art is that's
fine yes so I was fine
do I have a quest yes that's good print
oh okay yeah sure what's your quest
invade that that castle to the east
defeat its guardians to slay the dragon
castles must be invaded dragons must be
slaying awesome thing okay bye
no black pearl I think that means I can
upgrade my shit
I might have almost fallen to my death
let's do that fuck you better fucking
bat here's another one of these things
that Monell it looks like it should be
important well what's the model this
thing rare no I got it it blends in with
the background too much to be something
important I feel like it should be
important what is yeah I got a I got a
bow and arrow passageways rich Fred the
Dark Tower books I started and then I
stopped because Stephen King pedis us
well there you go he's going into like
great detail about some random woman
having her period for no good reason
like what the fuck and then I just
stopped reading what it's Stephen King
I'm sorry I was just reeling from like
talking about Stephen King writing about
girls on their period everyone's a
monster yeah everyone's a monster rich
lock of hair endless Fang
arrows shit all right I'm out
god bless god bless
I'm really liking this is my kind of
shit
let's hates on this rich hates on that
you do you hate on everything you know
what I like funny of things so just I
don't like the things that you like and
you ignore that nor when I say I like
something did you not care about that
yeah oh my garbage mone rich doesn't
like the dark tower
oh god he doesn't like anything No More
Heroes it's fun not like Oh rich I'm
gonna like better resume a Tim person
hates everything I've heard that about
Richie
yep really I'm loved Steve Steve is just
great game Oh classic vision like Mel
your son in like gaming he hears
everything
yeah rich rich brought up something that
to me today that I have completely and
utterly forgotten about which is people
completely shit people completely we're
talking shit about us for the Metal Gear
Solid 5 there you know oh my god what's
with these guys they they hated Metal
Gear Solid 5 they're the worst ever they
don't understand gaming but both of us
recommended it yep yep okay
we didn't like anime that made us demons
demons didn't like anime you know like
goofy bullshit how dare they not like
goofy bullshit burn the witches the
witches are getting in the castle
they take everything it isn't like Star
Wars true hits everything the cake I
love so much Oh
tgd all at the ng season for even
raising just like Star Wars you hates
everything just doesn't like things I
like and that makes me sad it makes me
sad this anime does equal goofy bullshit
goofy bullshit is a staple of anime I'm
sorry
it's true and you know what as someone
who who watches anime I agree that it's
true don't want just terrible amount of
anime but yeah there's some goofy
bullshit in a Savannah Maeda
isn't goofy bullshit explain to me what
the fucking cat girl is uh it's it's
goofy bullshit
trinkets I'm doing it rich
yes obscene Akira and while while
intellectually I could appreciate the
animation the effort that went into the
animation in Akira I can really
appreciate that I hate every character
in it it's beautiful it looks beautiful
yeah everyone's in church I see where
you're going with this
it's rare to watch something and
actually hope everybody dies I mean I
really hope all of these people
that was spear right now
what about ghosts Michelle I haven't
seen it oh you should see ghost in the
shell' yeah yeah I really like OHS in
this channel I mean it's like I have a
soft spot for anime because like you
know me and like special effects in
movies like my whole my whole mixing
stop-motion animation animation with
real people right it never meshes and so
like anime does this wonderful thing
where it's all it's all drawn and so
like you're the only limit is your
imagination and so yeah it goes Michelle
does some great bullshit and when I say
I hate anime I know that's generalizing
a lot I mean there are animes have
flight the very few of them though like
the zone of the enders the game very
much anime influence I mean giant robots
and everything love zone of the enders
love the stories on the Ender's so to
the Ender's had an animated series I
Dolores love it ok absolutely love it
probably most because the main character
isn't a 15 year old boy with spiky hair
was super perfect at what he does for no
good reason and everybody doesn't just
love him not something doing it
oh but you know what you can circle out
of that menu okay but no other menu I'm
sorry I'm extremely sorry just just
weird weird bullshit
guys you're right there all right
oh the village of smile
oh fuck you game I'm sorry you tricked
me
which should be played any of the might
in magic game
I have this MuRF so I stuck my head out
wrenching
I didn't really discover Tony's a
strategy until so after it was a thing
really first time I really played a
turn-based strategy game would have been
like Master of Orion and that was that
was years after a head first come out
maybe like mm oh hi red this is hey rich
I picked up the zone of the enders HD
collection when it came out but I could
never get into it the controls never
really quick for me it felt too fast and
meshy any tips what system are you
playing it on playing on the PlayStation
4 and make sure you get the patch
because originally it was a very shitty
port they did a terrible fucking job
they ended up eventually patching and
fixing the PlayStation 4 version but you
gotta make sure you get that fucking
patch world of difference okay
everything Zota the under spin
oh the HD collection one and two okay
the Enders and one
here's your my other tip start with the
zone of the enders team one I like the
story in one very very much unrefined to
prednisone be understood zone of the
enders - it was like it's like the
perfect sequel it fixes everything that
is wrong with zone of the enders one
which got kind of boring and repetitive
wasn't much in the way of enemy variety
the sub weapons were all crap but I mean
same basic gameplay but still even zone
of the understood leagues better it's
amazing how far improve the gameplay is
going to be understood so my other tip
is PlayStation 4 version you get the
patch start with the second game that's
my advice that's a fair amount of good
advice
you thing
Oh God tips you're right for some reason
the tips aren't saying oh my god don't
we usually hear that through oh yes yeah
it's probably stand-up time and I need
to get run to the bathroom so let's do
it let's do let's do stand-up time and
then I'll start reading some tips
okay
that tip is for rich so we won't worry
that it's past time to stand up so it's
too late to stand up you're right it's
too late to stand up and I'm so sorry
the thing was I'm drinking a beer and I
just got it got away from me this is a
very nice IPA so now let's see what we
have here
it's wise wise
okay let's see here anonymous says
bi-weekly reminder that you should play
Lisa the painful RPG the protagonist is
like a mix of you - oh good he's mostly
bald sort of a dad and absolutely
miserable yes it is on our list of games
to play telegin says I thought all the
characters in Batman V Superman were
unlikable so it was boring for most
people it was boring for the most part
because there was nothing to root for
also why does doomsday look like the
amazing bulk you know that was part of
the thing is that I think they without
going into paint the heroes
you know flaw
you know they make mistakes these are
flawed characters and because he spent
so much time on their flaws and not
necessarily a lot of time on their
heroics everyone's just kind of a
dickhead rich is coming back now so I'm
gonna wait to read this next tip I
thought I heard thud her comeback you
might be coming back might be coming
back
everywhere no got bombs okay throw a
bomb like that that ground pound that's
awesome
ugly ugly game look at these characters
can I pick this way is that good rich
have you heard of the guide to classic
graphic adventures by Kurt Kuwata no
it's about 800 pages and he reviews
every graphic adventure game from the
80s and 90s Oh rich says huh huh huh I
have a black pearl what
I don't think I have a black problem oh
my god back up in the main screen oh
whoa there's a reminder to play Lisa
Callaghan want to say I thought all the
characters in Batman V Superman are
unlikable so it was boring for most part
because there is nothing to root for
also why'd his doomsday look like the
amazing bulk
why was doomsday in the movie never
better that's a much better question
piss boy says as the piss boy I fully
endorse Jesse Eisenberg's portrayal of
Lex Luthor and I think we both agreed
his portrayal was fine on is the the
problem was the lack of motivation and
the writing definitely the lack of
motivation need the you need to throw in
why he wants to kill Superman so fucking
desperately that he's willing to
spoilers I can't talk about it right
lane isn't saying shit right that
requires a solid motivation for no
apparent reason
yeah but no like if that's how he wants
to play it I thought it I thought his
his version of Lex was fun might not be
the version of like she'd want to see in
a big screen but I didn't like it was
inherently an awful performance I agree
with that
Jonny Lee wombat says here's a few bucks
to pick up the original or a reprint of
Action Comics 7 7 5 what's so funny
about truth justice and the American Way
the complete antithesis of Zack Snyder's
version of Superman okay well there you
go but it's funny because that was you
know the death of Superman I was kind of
the point
in the comics was well you know you
might think he's and her Christa
anarchistic no not anarchistic gob
archaic you may think is archaic this
concept of Superman there's good this
goody-goody the blank out he's a hero
and you'll miss him when he was gone
that was the whole point behind killing
Superman in the comics yeah yeah okay I
know you know like and for me I've never
read much Superman comics I've read a
couple Superman comics I haven't read
much but like my Superman
if the Adventures of Superman the 90s
cartoon much like Batman is the Batman
the Animated Series
that's my Superman who's doing the right
thing because that's the right thing to
do Batman vs Superman Batman you're
rooting for Lex Luthor yeah we got to do
something about this Superman ha ha ha
by the way right let's see here Ivan
made says hi if you didn't get mail buy
me a joke get well card to Jack with
stuff in it the post office where I live
I've heard has been bad at sending there
remember to track your packages to rlm
folks I think it's did we get I think we
did get him a get-well sitting around
here somewhere I think jr. must have
moved some stuff around in that box
oh yeah whatnots we get everyone some
things every once in a while let's say
here speaking of anime Jack have you
seen royal space force no no I'm sorry
casual Horace I have none
early return about the anime talk about
its owner of the under Santa Baby
somebody in the chat but I was talking
about Idol oh there's two ones a
standalone movie thing the other was a
series called I had Laura's no Idol O's
boring boring as fuck
okay Idol a stupid I Dolores is the one
I enjoy mostly because I really like the
main character the lead we talked about
how the plot of the expanses of rip off
from side of the image like tension
between Earth and Mars and someone else
was mentioning that it's even they're
both over bump of something else right
maybe but the main character of the
political tensions don't breaking that
she went back to Mars like helping their
war she abandons him he gets word that
she like died in a battle and he's
trying to get his kids alone and they
grow up to hate on men he's just this
he's this sad man who just wants his
family back and then and then adventure
happens okay that sounds that sounds
terribly heartbreaking it is see if I
can find a different path I don't seem
to be having much luck down
now we're getting now we're getting some
powerful weapons here I'm a chef with a
spear Ridge hmm if comics had real-life
physics which powers are still viable
none of them because if they were people
would have powers even Batman if Batman
tried to do some of the shit he does in
real life he'd be dead Batman would
never make it passes Ricky Bahl oh yeah
I think he'd rip his arm off trying to
use his grappling didn't the Mythbusters
do something unlike grappling hook yep I
wanna maybe he'd be shot fairly early on
yeah you know probably fair the best The
Sandman Sandman mystery theatre not
Morpheus yes cuz it's just the guy with
a gas mask and some sleeping gas and
that shit would work I love Sandman
mystery that's great I think we've
talked about this before on the stream
but in case there's anyone new there is
a series called Sandman mystery theatre
and like rich said it's literally just a
dude it's a dude who likes solving crime
so he puts on a gas mask and he has a
gas gun mm-hmm oh yeah there's some
slight mysticism to it just enough to
like keep it interested but like all
downplayed it's beautiful Sandman
mystery theatre is a beautiful comedy
and see by far though the most realistic
superhero the Batman would get murdered
yes Batman soon easily easily but any
any idiot can like shoot a gas canister
into a room and just let it do its work
let it do its work and you know you have
your mask so you're okay I love saying
that if I if I would want if I would
want to make a comic book movie
would be staying manager theater I don't
want to make that same man Mystery
Science Theater yes that's what it's
helped we've got this bat vigilante he
seems to be able to manufacture his own
batarangs and he's got some really
expensive car
how many wealthy people do we know who
whatever motive to go fighting crime
won't see is that Bruce Wayne kid he
just got back in the town after being
overseas for 15 years
oh the Batman the kick crimes they said
it happened and what like two weeks
after he got back here that uh that wait
and Kitty did he get out his parents
money
yeah elleven oh he lives he lives up on
that big mansion up on the hill and that
by that cave that's full of bats weird I
can't figure it out
pretty sure people say the Punisher he
would die in battle he wouldn't last
that long one versus everyone he's
trying to got punished she tries to go
toe to toe
what do you mean he's walking into the
room with guns and if people can shoot
back at him yes he didn't die sooner or
later probably sooner than later
yes you know I think I think one of one
of the the most wonderful thing about
comic books or action movies is is and
it's something that's joked about often
the poor aim of all of the villains not
everyone has that poor of aim you know a
sturdy iron mace okay mace is a de TAC
mace my spear are the strongest cool
cool
there is a Punisher story that he made a
pact with the devil to not die in
Vietnam you've got many details wrong
for one it's vague enough where he's
probably just crazy and it wasn't the
devil it was deaf the implication being
that the Punisher is kind of like the
avatar of death oh okay
I just I do not give any shits about the
bottom I you Garth
don't say that unless you're rated Garth
eNOS is punished or Athena's Punisher he
did this this this fantastic secret
Punisher origin story just came out with
like a Vietnam comic book called born
that's all it was called okay and it
ended up being about The Punisher okay
see look here's another one of those
things
these are definitely something yep where
he the Punisher had become kind of you
know one of those internal and Chucky's
he liked he liked the war going on and
the war was war was coming to a close
and he wasn't wasn't that happy about it
that's one of the things that I like
most about the wait oh fuck about what
the way that they are preferring the
Punisher in season two of their day
which is he is on him and like oh sure
yellow and avenging my family garb eNOS
Garth eNOS makes a very strong point
that the death of his family really is
abuse yeah yeah I'm like Garth eNOS huh
and at the end of born even though like
like people on the military bases on
they're getting really kind of lazy the
war of winding down they don't think
anything's gonna happen things are gonna
be fine and then the Vietcong ends up
watching like a huge offensive and the
base just gets swarmed and this is when
the supposed to deal with death happens
and they at the start of the next
morning the Punisher is the lone
survivor of the battle everybody else is
dead
not what see that bullshit yeah Oh like
kill me okay Garth anuses Punisher huh
putting this right up on the next whoop
first of all fuck you a second of all
fuck you dude
the one the one I'm specifically talking
about it's just called born born if I
don't write this down I'm gonna forget
was the born comic canon canon doesn't
mean anything anymore canon canon is
never
beep boop boop boo boo I'm just I'm
writing this down
just right just right take your time
jack take your time
or search use comiXology cuz I like the
dual comments yeah who's your cheaper oh
there's so many comics it's called born
I really should have said Punisher born
there's so many comics called born
sure I should have been more specific
with my search
what I hate is born 2003 this one yeah
okay great
I got it gonna read me some Punisher
born rich says it's gonna be good no it
sounds like it's something I'd like wow
fuck you dicks rich bunch of dicks in
here video game enemies usually are
dicks right with my awesome spear oh I
didn't want to do that oh you dick rich
what is your favorite non-english movie
commando unfortunately her you get it we
get it talks kind of funny yeah I don't
swear same target hate them talk good
English uh I made a joke no I guess good
so getting back to whether or not you
can copyright a gameplay mechanic yep
like this isn't just gameplay mechanic
copy written I know this is everything
about the the souls born series just
flat just 2d mmm if anyone was gonna
bring this case to court it would be it
would be from top okay it's just
everything about the Souls game Masters
of the Universe they remember that to
steal the musical instrument their
musical instrument that moved that blob
dimensions that's fine it wasn't the
curtisha and it's fine without me
let you take a goblin man
I'll be doing that his stick spamming
the heavy attack is working that's how
you get through the early sections of
blood-borne losing a lot but Arabic that
was back what's going on D light cake
cuz it's funny
why is this game not in color it's a
very good question I think like it would
be really fun if it would just went full
like Wind Waker cel-shaded cartoon but
it was still basically the same game so
you had the enemies you know just died
this perfect one look you can be
desaturated but I don't think you need
to be quite this saturated fuck you
you're axe man fucking tree look we know
we know in this modern day and age color
won't go over with modern audiences any
color isn't realistic
yeah realism haha fuck yeah
so Richard just got next time to and I
was wondering what tips you might have
for bringing down Avatar project points
or whatever don't worry about him that
much I really really don't you get a lot
of opportunity to fix that once the
Avatar project good snippets max just
have one like one of those factory
things you can take down near you and
whenever whatever you go completely into
the read just take down a point or two
and don't worry about it again until
them the counter goes off that is solid
advice I got really worried the first
time like it's going up oh no it's going
up oh I don't know it's I got 20 hours I
got 20 20 20 days then take it down oh I
took it down yeah Oh oh-ho that's okay I
was close oh well we're off again oh no
I got 20 more days
find another base and take it down match
okay oh yeah that's the thing like even
when it goes full that's not the end
yeah after it goes full then you have
extra time to take it down
what fad or trend will you embarrass lis
obsessed if at one point in time I don't
know that that has ever happened with me
yeah yeah certainly not fashion like I
don't give any fucks about fashion like
you will you I will tell you this much
you will never find a picture of a young
rich Evans wearing parachute pants that
just does not exist never happened all
right you know I think that's really
good to know because everyone was
wondering yeah parachute pants there was
there was exactly one week's worth of
time in which I thought it would be a
super great idea to wear Genco jeans
what are those exactly not many people
will know what they are Jenko jeans were
something they were there there those
jeans that are incredibly wide like they
fit your waist and then they just flare
immediately and they were popular
amongst raver kids and I don't think I
was a raver kid but what about pogs
pause I second I heard about pokémon
yeah those are gonna be those are gonna
be gone a month now I just did not
understand the game
I didn't either like he hit him and then
you keep him can I just play jacks what
do you like marbles seems more
interesting yeah
he's lost a shit-ton of souls and I
never once seriously said phat with a pH
okay I've said it sarcastically sure my
mindset is pretty fast yeah sad poop
Jack fell down the hole I did fall down
the hole I was trying to get the
elevator to work and it wasn't working
and so I fell down the hole instead
which obviously was not a good idea
crossfire yeah you'll get caught up in
that everyone played crossfire
once exactly once zero times you please
press 3000 times you're missing out man
and you'll get caught up in though no
it's obvious it's like a stupid dumb
game but I do like everyone had a friend
who played crossfire hmm we're gonna
play key and you get and you play one
round and you be like wow this is design
and different good yeah
that's it things which Evans the man who
masturbated with bb-8 is fad proof the
one that wasn't EBA alright that was the
green r2 unit from the Phantom Menace
and and for second you can hardly call
that a fan masturbating with droids is
the number one fabric you started the
fat rich you start somebody somebody
legs in the crossfire commercial link to
that awesome piece of marketing
bitch gotcha oh you're right that was
the red one from the original Star Wars
I was thinking of us though cuz we have
both of the studio we got that green one
in the the r5 r5 yeah I didn't even pay
attention to which one it was look you
all love that bit much more than I did
uh-huh you're right it was the bad
motivator one we are five yeah yeah they
sitting on the same shelf as the green
one from from Phantom Menace
