Playing Ultimate Chicken Horse
May 11, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qk7cJtGY1Po

my mother's laptop Buddha blob big
concrete insis Jack and rich I IDK if
you've talked about it on stream before
but since seeing Civil War how do you
guys feel about the new spider-man
excited for the movie LOL fuck my cock
kick me kick um as far as the new movie
i don't i don't know exactly what they
plan on doing with it who's in it you
know other than spider-man and ma really
like what characters are they did what
villain are they using and I've you know
me hear more but as far as how i feel
about this is named Tom Holland Tom
something the actor had this despite
around in civil war yeah as far as I'm
concerned is the first time we've ever
seen Peter Parker in a movie that's what
you told me that got me really excited
yeah I know I know you are a spider-man
fan I I still have yet to see Civil War
I really hope I can see it one of these
days that's what i really hope Madame
says Jack rich I which would you rather
be in command of the enterprise d while
in the Star Wars universe or a super
star destroyer while in the Star Trek
universe all of that stuff oh that's
thumb just all that is just dumb super
dumb talk and I know that's why you
asked that because you know it's a
really dumb question because I have too
much respect for our audience to believe
that one of you would ask a question so
fucking stupid it's just so like I can't
even process that right there's a
chicken and a horse I there's just so
much and you ask that question as if
we're supposed to have an answer and we
don't I don't I don't got it and I'm
sorry I'd rather write a chicken or a
horse in the Micronauts universe or you
could ride a donkey or a camel in the
Transformers Universe but the donkey
camel don't transform but chicken does
but he's not at name in the micronized
into my grace today x says
a non artist I find adobe tooling
fascinating I am in visual studio almost
all day so really appreciate the UI /
work element of the stream maybe that's
just a weird request uh yeah well like I
said it the tough part would be you just
wouldn't get rich and I talking because
we would be editing and like every once
in a while I'd be able to like explain
like what I'm doing or why I'm making a
certain editing decision but most of it
would just be like listening to the same
thing over and over again as I take off
two frames to make an edit better or as
like I remove the word the here because
we saved that too many times you know
there's just not a lot to it I could do
it we could do it as an experiment
because why the fuck not it has to be a
small one though you know like maybe we
talk for 20 minutes sure it down to five
or something but there's been me saying
kearney a car enough time is overrated
just over and over again over and over
again to something i was spelling it
wrong hold on i'm updating them how
about how about we'll do an episode
where I talk about Pokemon and then you
just you just edited to try and you try
and edit it to twist my words into
something positive ah alright I'll just
be me spearing Pokemon talking about how
dumb i think it is screwed and your goal
is to try and make it look like i'm
putting us positive spin on things i
love it okay hold on Oh teammate tired
and sad says as either have you seen the
documentary going clear also would you
agree with Joss Whedon the greatest flaw
of the empire strikes back is that it
has a cliffhanger tune in next week
ending Empire that's hard for me to
answer because at the time I saw Empire
Jedi was already out hey I actually saw
Jedi first oh yeah yeah Oh interesting
okay there we go sorry I had to update
the stream so it's not like I had to
wait to see what
happens next so that's really I'm going
to say this impossible for me to give
you an honest answer mm-hmm and it's
like to me I guess you know what I'm in
the same boat where where the ending
makes so much sense and I kind of love
how it ends because it's such a it's
such a depressing ending and you're just
so excited for the conclusion afterwards
that it makes sense because you know the
conclusion is there and when we like
when we grew up the conclusion was
already there so that's a really tough
isn't that depressing in the Star Wars
as far as Star Wars universe iskcon is
concerned han solo's captured boom Luke
Luke finds out Vader his worst enemy is
actually his father and get this hand
cut off he also gets his hand put back
on the end it gets away he gets a ho he
gets a robot hand Oh guess what guess
who's not jerking off anymore that was
his jerk hand the one you know the last
shot they'll have film is our heroes
kind of huddled together yeah wondering
what will happen next exactly what
they're together well except for huh
it's not complete human misery if they
made that today everyone would be like
like alone like buried alive bleeding to
death it's Star Wars me that's the
modern conception yet bittersweet it's
this it's Star Wars miserable but it
gives me how it makes me want to watch
the next movie I guess what is what I'm
saying but I also know that the next
movie I'll already exists okay ultimate
chicken ours here we go he held his
saber him n he found out his dad sucks
what yo that's just kind of life isn't
it again got my purse could have sucked
do we need multiple players maybe um I
put this put this let me see keyboard
how does one move in this damn like that
apparently coming to the farm come to
the farm rich I'm a horse okay hello we
need you two players oh this is gonna be
weird playing with keyboard what's what
what I know I did something okay what I
disappeared why did I disappear where
did I go oh you all we place those
things you you only have one opportunity
to place a thing how do i do anything in
this game you have to jump on the thing
here is to get the flag I believe so and
I put a thing here and then I made it
cuz I'm dancing oh just like a race too
easy no phone okay yeah that was just
the first level okay so pick a thing
that you like sure why not you know
everybody needs a good platform shoulder
but I don't have shoulder buttons I'm
sure that something else rotates your
thing nope that just places my thing
so what are we supposed to do here I
don't fucking know ah ah shit yeah
they're jump the jump is really fucking
weird I'm stuck yeah too bad oh fuck to
bed second duck I know ah I did yeah no
I'm dead for realsies wake up hey Jack
is dead yay wake up horse is the same
man fine well farm so now we're looking
to like stop the other person well then
it hurts us too right I
oh fuck uh-huh I'm stuck yep yep how do
we stop this is like run off screen your
end game well I don't want to quit the
home run okay well then get out here
right I can't I can't I stop here Oh
what's happening I don't know what's
happening it's zooming it on me mmm is
it chicken the chicken doesn't it not to
him oh my gosh all there you go there
you go too easy what do you mean I
totally won that to eating a buncha you
read the thing miss my signal you read
the fucking thing huh I don't go what I
think this eventually becomes some kind
of hideous battleground I think it's
already kind of a hideous battleground
hmm too easy no point okay okay right
this is almost as exciting as that
editing stream yeah you i don't i don't
know no few days will like that but see
we can give it a try some people seem to
I don't know what this is but it's here
I remember there is I remember the fuck
it does oh shit Delanie the goop he
founded a good I am winning I think they
want you only got that point once
because I doubt oh here we go nope mine
as fine you only got that point once
because I I gave up the group
ah there you go oh the glue got stuck to
the treadmill that's all Odom don't fall
into the Thresher first of all that's
awesome bad the goo get stuck on the
treadmill that's awesome there we go all
right I got a point horse gets a point
oh and my trap worked is that farm boy
I'll trap got me crashing ate her I
don't know this is both find out let's
find out
what no that's not a crush inator why
did you die oh all my Creator it's a
spike inator jack o fresh inator I
thought the thing was gonna come down
and crashing 80 ok ok boo bump up we all
go for the bomb what o.o that let us
destroy something I get it oh my spike
inator yep
use me a horse now that I kind of know
what's happening in the game a lot of my
traps are ill conceived oh shit ah what
was Oh what was that fire can oh fuck I
get it now I got it this is this starts
lame but it becomes need the more crazy
yes things are I think that's the point
yeah spike inators spike in eight ish
double my god richer a madman did you
get that on there yeah can you do it
jack can you do it no you cannot what
did I God you hit the spinning blade oh
I thought I had it two terms left all
right all right we have to get rid of
how we need to get rid of some stuff
here I'm getting rid of this thing
that's nothing but problems what the
fuck is that
nope
boom Elmo horse race horse wins Oh last
turn I needed that I needed that win we
can do those spikes what okay that's
fine there's still one platform one
oh my god rich you're mad man you're mad
man no ah and do the thrush ha you win
that i think if i could if i go if you
don't huh you're just a head now
regardless oh yeah yeah how nice boom
come are jacked it work thanks i'm the
ultimate horse I'll the ultimate horse I
did it but now we both understand how
the game actually work yeah okay well
whoa what's that bridge yeah i don't
know i thought i was sitting to start
start the game let's check that let's
check out that rooftops party box gloop
can we even make it I will die for the
first few times
yep yep okay that seems kind of weird
good old scaffolding you're so boost
here both gonna make this nope nope oh
okay i guess i should have put it there
well yeah probably I thought I thought I
thought we were gonna have a I thought
we were gonna have a little part of your
strategy party strats well I thought we
were gonna have a hard time getting to
the
that was that just come with me
I don't think I don't think you can all
right we suppose that we can rotate the
pieces but with my controls cuz im using
keyboard I don't even know what to do
because the tutorial thing said shoulder
buttons which obviously I don't have
oh you got a coin point engine
it's upsetting that there's no winner
like I want there to be a first place my
boy brief redness mm-hmm my foot now
infinite some way I was so happy
watching you fail oh really that I was
just waiting for you to like finish
falling that I didn't see your thing
nope nope up up damn it I got greedy and
I went for the other coin damn it okay
like at least have to tie I at least
have to tie it stupid all right I'm
gonna get that and get those points
that's kind of bullshit one cuz you
started ahead of me so of course you're
gonna get the coins uh yeah but you
could have gotten that bomb first and
blew up the coins maybe is that is that
what you get for you you got to the flag
first this time so I wonder if you get
the reward of being ahead in the line
maybe that's what the reward is Oh hold
X to run oh oh there's a whole Run
button mm-hmm slap mallar key mallar key
it's like a portal
ah fuck fuck yes fuck fucking d fuck
fuck indeed sir fucking deed hey fucking
did he do that it is yeah yeah oh I'll
see that's what while you were first I
don't have a run I don't know what the
Run button is your home sorry go to
Queen good waitin no no no no ya go to
control pace here here we go let's run
sprint left shift left that's awkward I
hate WASD left I really hate WASD left
plastered party box whatever
good job Joe thanks so what that took it
slow not enough what let's come back for
nothing you got it for nothing what's
come back rich that was a bullshit
weight on my part yeah a total bullshit
I have no idea what that extra point was
for but that's a bullshit win and I
don't know why one is all I have just
the tube wait hardy mode the shared
controller couch 1 don't have two levels
alright i guess i only have the two
options really that's some myself yep ah
that seems weird
if farmers better sure we'll do the farm
on and then we'll pry calling because
it's been a long day bad movies I think
smart here
what are we gonna use later you know
that's the question that comes later
yeah oh yeah dick neutrally right movie
what is this oh that's deadly
oh lets him kill you I hit the goal
streaming for one hour 44 minutes I know
it's gonna be a short one tonight
because uh cuz we're tired because we
try too hard to entertain mr. what's one
we're interested in how we do our best
you do our best to do the entertains Oh
hockey yes what too easy jack I hit you
with the hockey park too easy there is
so much bullshit i'm calling on this
game i clearly set up that trap and hit
you with a fucking hockey puck so i got
to the mystery mr. comeback point i
agree that was bullshit you tell me you
tell me that me not getting a point
there is not bullshit that was bull shit
that was shyster e
that was BS that I agreed that my wine
was bullshit that's not karma my win was
absolute bullshit what oh you blocked my
hockey shit oh nice you blocked my
hockey oh here we go I know it's up here
I got to meet plans look at this this is
devious yeah yeah yeah it's devious
right there I got it I gotta believe in
the power of me
hahahahahahahaha it that was your own
doing putting the coin yeah yeah you got
everything up I'll get wall jump up over
there that's fine i didn't carrying
worse want to go to bed
I'm getting wrecked you are you are
getting right well this is this it's a
platform as Mike it's my kinda yeah well
I'm plan and you're playing on the
keyboard right whatever
get rekt yeah that's all right rich
o clock goof boom boom boom I have
ultimate horse ah good job jack good job
motherfucker alright we have now
experienced ultimate chicken horse you
know we can do rich cross that right off
the list of games to play we cross it
off ever see the laptop you can you can
see the laptop thank you oh i was gonna
turn out Oh thought you're just being a
laptop tf2 thing we got no I think we're
caught up unless yeah we're caught up
great then no I'll tap us over to that
um tu wotcha which I did turn on cuz i'm
good at mmmm burung are you sure you're
gonna remember it's connected is this
this is on the window 7 drive it's
probably still before twitch had the
update maybe but I thought we fixed that
unless they did something different
there's an easy fix it's not a big deal
oh yeah you know how don't even remember
how to do it yeah or back up nice yes
boom all right well I gotta honor Lord
belmont 14 months in a row hold on Jack
trigger joy yeah yeah god Jack trigger
Joyce yes rich and i will talk about
civil war we probably won't do it like
Batman vs Superman where it's just us
and a camera will probably do it during
a game play of something um just because
you know I don't have especially strong
feelings but I sleep well you know what
I'm saying is we will talk about Wow
after i see it i should see it first
before we talk about it and I mean
unless you just want to talk about it oh
oh you you haven't seen it so yeah okay
so uh so yes we will talk about it after
I see it we will probably do it just
normally over gameplay like we do I know
uh Chernobyl kinsman 13 months in a row
moon front 18 months in a row because
movie Alvin Fox stewed 91 12 months in a
row humberto Cabbage Patch 16 months in
a row three style panda star hobbles
Elmet on 106 big fat man 873 every 80 1
17 months in a row dream sign nice no I
have not seen civil war yet
unfortunately I'm very sorry I you guys
know I am an actual marvel fan boy I
know it like everyone who likes those
movies gets accused of being a fanboy
but I'm an actual fan boy and I haven't
seen it cuz I've been busy it's but if i
want to see it i want to see that I want
to see kiano I i still haven't fucking
scene deadpool like I want to see that
that's well no I'm gonna have to see
that myself it's you know what it's not
on disk yet it's only
for digital / oh really not for digital
rental yet oh so ha yeah it's coming out
soon though so I will see ah sorry will
you sit dreams ohm pickle Jean pecan
Jean pickle back home okay cuz you kind
of like dangle VN Jean was it the the
the the Irish was at the irish writer I
can't yeah VI or write the Irish snip
what where are you what's going on I
don't thing oh my god the Irish I nerd
the Irish shiner don't which the Irish
nerd oh yeah o the irish the irish nerd
on twitter there we go that makes sense
rich capital letters they did it they're
important use the capital s kind of
letters to differentiate words there
though you just did out there Empulse
erick on center manic twelve fifteen
twenty two fucking months in a row
striker 11 21 12 months in a row two
backs 16 months in a row ragged scribe
smelter wedge in all of us 20 fucking
months in a row Chakotay has culture
that's all yeah so and that's all ya ali
has its vaguely ill-defined culture i
guess um whack man v2 uh john b 8 20 17
months in a row thank you but 0 for
subscribing we really appreciate it it's
true it's true we really do everybody
go down to rob paste data scrolled down
to the way bottom just make sure we got
everybody Jambi okay great yep great
thank you guys so much for coming out
really sorry about sorry it's a little
bit of a shorter stream today you uh
we've been they're gonna like it because
filming all day yeah the thing coming
out there's the thing that's gonna be
edited in just going to come out at some
point exactly envolve wheel that may or
may not have weird tapes on it as we may
or may not be very vague so you don't
know what I'm talking about but sunday
we should have a good a good meaty doom
stream nice fat meaty dooms maybe that
on Sunday sure yeah well yeah ooh I want
a stream duel do you listen fucking
sucks rich are you sure you want to play
doom unless it fucking sucks yes I'm
sure I want to play doom and not a
fistful of game I that was so bad and I
didn't understand it and I was confused
and I did not have a good