Siiiick Pokemon radiation BURN!! (Part 1)
September 11, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CN2wVarsnk0

by the way my a lot of times my tweets
are jokes my tweet today when I was
talking about what time we were gonna
start him what not like I knew we're
gonna start around 6:30 I was hoping we
would yeah
and so my my joke was you know we're
we're streaming today we're gonna start
around 6:30 Jack wants to play pokemon
rich wants to play literally anything
but pokemon as it turns out rich had
really no strong feelings about what to
play and there's this weird Pokemon game
that I want to play so this is the
Pokemon uranium which is a fan-made
we're getting on you poke poke see mine
we're getting audio okay that's who
Tiberius Kirk is not getting audio oh
yeah what do you what do you guys think
can you guys hear us you should be the
overlay is on vacation tonight we were
you working on a different we're working
from a different hard drive right now
yeah and we forgot to bring things over
and so do you have audio okay great
great
welcome welcome let's let's play some
pokemons welcome to the world of Pokemon
rich okay
my name is bambo but but if you found
that hard to pronounce you can just call
me the Pokemon professor you're the kid
who's applying for a party we're gonna
study the effects of beer pong on
Pokemon oh yeah Pokemon drinking games
yeah
hold on some of our things here are in
weird places and you oh man everything's
Avars in is in weird places things
things are gonna be strange hold on
sorry
well how's it all got there okay
now things are in less weird places all
right back to back to hey back to our
main man professor bambo wants the
lowdown on what you'll be doing
catch your Pokemon I guess cattle Elite
5 says I know I don't need any info what
is wrong with RAM go RAM go RAM go let's
Ram go I don't know he said Ram go
though ok a little too loud for me we
human share the world of creatures known
as Pokemon look at this one it's a cat
but it's got wings
what's more than mere animals a quack it
wouldn't surprise me if that Pokemon
same was a quack Pokemon possess
astonishing power and remarkable
intelligence people in Pokemon coexist
for minute where's some Pokemon are kept
as pets brah others help us work dude
and still others are used to battle by
trainers it gets wicked sick
but there's so much we still don't know
about the pokemons dude that's why it's
my job bro
I study Pokemon like for a living and
stuff specifically I'm an expert on
Pokemon elements dude
and then bro every Pokemon they have
their element bro dude and each type
brah has its own strengths and weakness
bro but dude why do they exist this is a
question that you need to ask bro and
dude to your to your duties are they the
new types we haven't discovered yet
ah but I'll tell you to meet your
friends for you have to report to my lab
tomorrow okay dude I'm done with this
conversation I don't want to talk to you
anymore
dude brah who do want to be rich I know
jack is totally gonna be the one on the
far right cuz I know jack uh I was
looking at this one I do like being the
girl I like me in the girl girls this is
not a girl that's totally a girl that is
some that is a boy that's not it's not I
believe they're girls this is this is a
boy right here do so do we want to be
the dude bro boy do want to be the dude
bro girl or do we want to be you know
what I actually don't I think you got me
pegged wrong I would go for this one
alright alright so who do you who do you
think did or gabbro I don't give a damn
which one you want to catch pokemon with
dude Brad what makes you think this is
something I would possibly care about
I'll be gal bro are you sure yeah Cal
bro let me know your name it's gal bro
what's your name it's it's gay bro I'm
kevrah hey your name is gay bro yeah
dude yeah dude I'm kevrah
together with your Pokemon like listen
man just come to my house I don't want
to die
woo 10 years ago what Oh 10 years ago
calbro's family lived in Bal Beach City
the largest city in tandoor
who the fuck some kind of midget its
look at but look he's got like an eye
thing
it's some kind of their father the
midget Kellen was a brave in town to
Pokemon Ranger the brave encountered
ninja Khalid their mother
Lucia was a brilliant scientist and an
expert on nuclear energy hopefully she
was a midget
although Oh although they both work
demanding jobs they always found time to
spend at home with young gabbro and
tanto regent was at peace and Lucille's
company was working on a form of clean
energy that would change the world
forever and all the dudes and other bros
they loved it
the future was amazing bro it was an
ordinary day as a nuclear power plant
when Lucille worked as part of a routine
inspection
they brought a specialist in a
specialist to take a look at the
electrical system but dude you won't
believe what happens next bro Cameron oh
sorry Cameron have you finished your
diagnostic I feel like everyone is a
Southern California let's have everyone
in this game is
yes I have and everything seems to be
like working perfectly everything seems
to be working like perfectly it's
generating we decide it's like you know
it's like really like does job really
like well that's excellent I'm so happy
to be working with you I feel like I
feel like we're great partners if
everyone has finished their work let's
cook let's go get some fucking avocados
this is this is this is an unusual
amount of story for Pokemon yeah usually
we're moving around by now right so uh a
buzz might want to take a look at this
it strange the temperature readings are
higher than normal you we need to reset
their mama did it or the reactors
leaking a massive amount of heat whoa it
can't be like thermometer I just checked
that ah so there must be like a breach
in the reactor this temperature just a
few minutes like like like we all have
like a total meltdown thingy whoa maybe
we just need to relax a little bit I can
bring in my yoga instructor maybe we
should like sleeves okay
like that I guess we were leave it for
lunch anyway so that kind of makes sense
let's just maybe leave it a little
faster than we normally would that
she'll
you've got like leave tubes I don't have
any money for lunch oh sure I think I
left my wallet over here uh Sheila I
can't afford the burgers what I'm sorry
the behind Apple and Canadian bacon
pizzas that skank crap we with Karen's
help all of the scientists were able to
escape unscathed
except for your mom
she we've totally never seen again after
that day but you all know this cuz like
she's your mom you never saw her the
radiation leaking from the broken
reactor made surrounding area
uninhabitable for like a super long time
and we couldn't search for her even I
mean we tried a little bit I guess or
whatever you know after the loss of his
wife a profound it had a profound effect
on Kalin
he even wore this weird monocle thing
it's called a Google glass and he swore
it was really cool even though we all
told him it totally wasn't it's totally
like Explorer yeah but we can't tell him
like that looks super lame and we don't
want you pointing your Google glass at
us he didn't listen
he changed man he became cold and
dedicated to the job in time he got
promoted to chief for the tandoor
pokemon rangers however he became too
busy to care for his child which you
know in the universe of the pokemons
it's pretty cool anyway because when
your child turns eight
they're allowed to explore the country
without adult supervision anyway so
really it's kind of a win-win for him so
young gal bro was sent to live with
their elderly auntie in mochi town all
right ten years have uh pants pants ten
years pants ten years but pants
gotcha shit I think I think the auntie's
gonna die soon look at auntie's health
waned supporting a child was too much
work for her
fortunately Ernest bampo the local
Pokemon professor was looking for a
research assistant two kids from okie
town applied gal bro and their childhood
friend Theo
he likes pudding and his mom Camille was
a principal at Atia look all this
exposition Zhang it's like super cool
but can't we just get on with the leg
store with the kiddie game I said at
this point I would sure like the cat
- Pokemon she liked to catch poke men
yeah man fun and so gal bros journey
began great oh my god I'm just totally
unprepared for voices today I think
that's it I can't imagine there's gonna
be too many more voices alright so here
we are
it's a Nintendo Wii U but I hear they're
coming out with a new system soon and
every Pokemon handheld game the
character always has the current
Nintendo system right here that's a
that's a Pokemon thing I'm surprised
this wasn't like a PC yeah I think you
know whatever it's a map of West and ur
classic Jiminy Cricket prick bastard
says my my AI is now and it's two
hundred and seventy ninth epic of
training its output loss has shrunk by
over 92 percent but when and only when
my GPU is training there's a word noise
every three seconds and it's not the
fans Ridge I don't fucking know what
about you think I make AI my computer
what are you doing mine doesn't make a
weird noise every three seconds I can't
help you no one can help you like what
kind of weird noise like a whining noise
like a grating noise like a machine gun
I'm sorry I got I'd like now I'd like to
help but I have no idea what's making
your noise adipose Vaughn Cromwell says
Jack I have to thank you for the retweet
honestly I was only concerned about
stepping on your content Oh
oppose Vaughn crap well adipose Vaughn
Cromwell cut up
of our one of our police quests elf
dreams and you know made it made it fun
it's like one of those cut-up things and
oh no we love those I love those I think
they're great when you guys do that I
added it I added it to my to my twitch
highlight playlists I'm previously
recorded Zee YouTube I love those I
think those are great I encourage
everyone to do those anonymous says hey
Jack I got a rare candy what I think I
know exactly why our Lim was called
right-wing and half in the bag episode
106 and 128 rich said that the Iranian
nuclear treaty was a fucking disaster
you all knew it but you did it anyway
did you say probably ha ha ha jokes or
whatever I don't you just say things
that's fine you're gonna be funny right
I don't lordy Lordy Jiminy Cricket prick
bastard said Catholic Bibles have extra
books a asterisk asterisk asterisk goes
on a road trip with an angel in disguise
Cyrus the Great has a pet dragon that
explodes from eating poisoned cakes etc
it's glorious wonderful schlock okay
maybe one is extra stuff in Catholic
Bibles apparently yeah weird so even
though technically I was a Catholic
growing up I have no idea about any of
this you are not a good Catholic no
typically Catholics who think that the
whole thing is bullshit or it's terrible
Catholics typically
the only thing I ever got out of church
was what time is it
oh yeah still going on um Jesus Christ
how many times am I gonna have to fuckin
kneel there was that's the Catholics are
all about kneeling kneel you stand you
said you're saying yeah yeah there's a
whole thing at least just let me sit
there fucking get up every now and then
no didn't you nod off you know they
can't have you nodding off rich load of
crap
shadow elite five says no this is a
question that always bothered me what do
you get if you win all badges and become
the Polka master what comes after that
does anyone in pokemons world care why
do I waste my money on this but no
that's a great question so you collect
all the badges which means you defeat
all all eight Gym Leaders right okay and
after you defeat all eight Gym Leaders
you get to take on the Pokemon League
the four strongest trainers in the
region and once you defeat them then you
are the Pokemon master and what happens
then is a whole new section of the world
has opened up with more Pokemon there
are Pokemon that you cannot obtain until
after you've defeated the Elite Four
this is actually more game there's
actually just fan theory of what happens
after I'm very confused no no there's
there is like a whole second half of the
game in all of the games yeah and then
after you defeat the Elite Four that's
when you can start like trading Pokemon
with other players you know with your
Link cables or whatnot and no there's a
whole like I think you're missing the
point they're having an existential
crisis oh they are the pokemon trainer I
think that's what they were getting and
they're the very best and now they know
they don't know what to do yeah shit you
know when you have your rosebud moment
not happy well this material you've
accumulated you just want that slight do
you know what then you have to look back
at your adventure and here's the great
thing about Pokemon you have your
Pokemon with you and they're your
friends they've been with you only on
your journey she fucking sold them
like he sold your slave I mean they died
in the battles you were forcing them to
go on then no one dies they just pass
out
zigzag success says but our voice acting
that oblivion Thanks sick oblivion burn
I guess oh look at those adorable guys
just this guy you know says hey well
change the steam game maybe I thought
twitch disallowed uranium is that what
this is all so I sent you a very large
box in the mail
this is uranium I looked into it we've
got a bunch of large boxes in the MOA we
do okay I looked into it and I could not
find any official ruling on twitch and
this game so I don't know I think it
still says er playing FTL no I changed
it I think if you don't change it to an
official game it's whatever the last one
was oh really
oh well then they go I could not find a
specific ruling so all right that's our
that's our nemesis that's our nemesis
Theo I'm sure it's fine forget if we get
shut down for this yeah what should they
be so maybe our first defense they'll
give us a slap on the wrist we might not
be able to monetize this video which
usually like would that'll happen with a
Nintendo video than the tutor zone not a
big deal oh no it does say we're playing
Pokemon uranium yeah okay thank you
say you are playing no man's sky no one
will bother you I kind of like that you
know what happened to the overlay is we
have a different hard drive in the
computer and we forgot to move
everything over so we don't have the
overlay working and we're sorry okay
let's get through all this bullshit it's
all the same bullshit oh my god oh my
god hey smash that cat no that is a half
I've got half math half cat okay says
been bringing Pixar lately and they seem
to produce quality productions
consistently I'm smell binging that
bringing binging yeah makes sense that
makes sense
do you agree and what other studios do
you think compare and then d'avin I'm
falling off a Pixar lately since um
who was it Lasseter yeah
since Lasseter left or is he just
splitting his time between them and
Disney well he's head of Disney now yeah
like he's still you know will like input
but he's no longer like running things
at Pixar a lot of people love inside-out
that was okay yeah it was okay okay
that's it that's it it's okay
three-quarters as good as their best
stuff mmm-hmm like most of their sequels
kind of suck I didn't I never I didn't
see like the monster yeah but I know
they're working on a new Incredibles
that's gonna be great I didn't see the
good dinosaur nothing sounds interesting
about it it was fine you quit the beard
he just noticed why did you quit the
beard I'll get into it let's finish up
our pic okay yeah I just got just what
the fuck you just noticed I just noticed
cuz you know why you just saw me last
night yeah I had the phobia and it was
looking pretty good right it's looking
pretty good I had a whole thing good
dinosaurs all right
it was not
I'm great yeah it's all like that's we
rented it for the kids and like they got
bored so in any case kappa bro are you
ready to take the trainer after dude yes
yes
so Pixar Pixar though is like it's
consistent enough where if you just say
like I need a good movie that I can
watch with kids around you can pick any
Pixar movie and for 98% of them you will
also enjoy watching them I think Pixar's
what will eventually be described as
picked Pixar's Golden Age yeah is now
done with yes and what might happen next
is completely theoretically there'll be
a continued slide they might not
necessarily become crap but it'll speak
mediocrity and eventually they'll get
merged in with Disney Animation proper
no and if they ever do Megan up a Toy
Story or whatever it'll come out under
the Disney label in like 15 10 15 years
down the road so when there's the Toy
Story reboot it'll just be as Disney
I am looking forward to the new Studio
Ghibli Ghibli film I know this is the
this is one without Miyazaki directing
it but Miyazaki has been doing press for
it and he's he said he wishes he could
have worked on it that's how much you
liked it yeah I liked all their movies
so yeah totes looking forward to it I
don't know any of these I'm just gonna
pick this one Keira says hey guys yeah
Bioshock remastered collection comes out
this week it's a free upgrade on Steam
by the way
what is your opinion on Bioshock and
remaster games in general lol tug my
Johnson not the only Bioshock game I've
really played was infinite know at times
it's really interesting at other times
it's trying really hard to suck its own
cock that's what I heard about by as far
as remastered I love them keep them all
games in good shape
yeah yeah I you know what I really
enjoyed the first Bioshock game yeah I
didn't it was one of those games that
promised like ambiguity at the end and
it turned out to be just an A or B
ending so that was a little
disappointing but I I really liked the
first batch I came and I never played
any more of them I liked it that much I
never played any more of them but a good
atmosphere loved all the Big Daddy
fights loved although I don't know why I
never played through all of the first
Bioshock I love the setting yeah I'll
say that I fucking love the setting oh
god yeah is great all the creepy people
in the masks and the the Big Daddies and
little sisters yeah I don't know why I
never finished it but I didn't you never
finished the first one yeah well I do
find out what started Pokemon I get gal
bro I get I get don't get the pic no I
took a little test which is interesting
you have to like so it's got actually
got better ideas than the sort of
original Pokemon games
I am a player who likes to play it safe
Payton's patience and endurance are your
biggest assets you know the best things
in life come to those who wait for a
defensive trainer like you oh I get a
green cat look at that look at that good
green cat that's really ugly that is a
green cat I heard I heard infinite had
some neat ideas and and kind of blew its
load but it's really full of itself yeah
what it's good is really clever and
smart oh yeah well it's good I you know
I that first Bioshock is really fun
right the actual combat is kind of yeah
yeah yeah sure the game really made me
hate drawers and games so many fucking
drawer oh you got this and you got this
right in here anybody ever wear this a
playing the game I'm fucking looting a
bunch of drawers to get money the game
actually kind of made me start to hate
interactive environments oh sure
oh god I'm sure sick of searching all
this crap oh god thanks because you're
never finding anything really super
interesting what are the enemies like an
infinite a lot of just guys with guns
but there are some really interesting
automatons Oh George Washington wooden
table Tom Italian variant not Lincoln
yeah yeah no not Lincoln might have been
that's why I would love fighting like
robot George Washington no because one
that takes place it probably wouldn't
have been Lincoln because you he'd be
too current
I don't remember the other Benjamin
Franklin yeah I like founding fathers
there's a lot of a term like the
founding fathers into like religious
iconography okay that that's interesting
cool thematically what they're doing
it's not a terrible world
yeah not like him because Lincoln freed
the slaves and in the game they're
probably racing yeah yeah I took it back
I said no it definitely wasn't Lincoln I
took it back settle down
who is the other version though because
I don't think they were all George
Washington
okay telegin says rich oh yeah I
recently got around watching some Star
Trek next gen I started on season 2 and
my only major complaint is the pacing
which can be a little slow for my taste
also a season one worth a watch maybe
get the three first three three is where
the show really gets great season two I
think starts off slow and then I like
half the season two is great and half a
season two is then three is all good one
I know type of Grace Kirk and the chat
defenses to death but season 1 is just
steaming ass my big one next gen of next
gen yeah steaming ass I think there I'll
only defend it because I think there's a
couple good episodes I think we've had
this talk isn't like Riker commands the
Klingon ship episode in season 1 that's
- is that - that's be Riker is it yeah
that's - that's a good episode measure
of man that season - oh I like watching
him chronologically
I lost my first Pokemon battle
season one isn't the show does not come
close to finding its own voice
season one has a lot of episodes that
would have worked better with the
original series crew situation the Kirk
should have been handling it in season
what they didn't quite figure out
everyone's role yeah yeah in season one
euro so I shaved my beard today oh yeah
it was fine my beard was finally getting
to the point where I thought it looks
good it probably would have shown up on
camera and I was feeling very happy with
how it looked
yeah he was the problem but here is
where we ran into the problem and the
problem is twofold one Halloween is
coming up and I already know what I'm
doing for Halloween okay and I would
have to shave it for Halloween anyway
yeah - last night we were at a party
rich and I were at a party and there was
an amazing dip it was great dip and I go
and I have a scoop of that dip and a
little bit of dip gets on my lip
oh no problem I'll clean it off and it's
been a while since I've like had a beard
and I forgot how awful it was to get any
sort of food in there and so I'm trying
to get the dip out of my moustache and
like I go in the bathroom I wash my face
and I can it just feels like there's
little greasy dips and it's just me
it's just personally I never had that
issue I'm not I'm not used to it I'm not
just a beard life and so first thing
this morning shower and shave like
fucking I'm not dealing I do not want to
deal with food on my face I can't remind
back yet for reasons for reasons reasons
okay but I sorry I I have guilt-free
then I can grow my back yeah oh please
please grow up back it was just it was
just the end you know what I cleaned it
off like I said I washed my face but it
felt greasy still and just that feeling
of greasy mustache made me shave it
immediately I can't deal with it
so I'm just not gonna have a beard and
I'm comfortable with that
I shave I shaved everything and I felt
great no more itching so Jack looks
better with the bee everyone looks
better with a beard and it the beard was
looking great but I don't care if it
means that I have if I feel greasy and
gross
okay I'll read this I know that I get it
Natomas says my mother may I've met a
lady named Susan and she says she works
with you then she said me she wants me
but I had to decline as my heart belongs
to my wife and future more personal
films Oh a reference to something I
don't get
not that I know of okay okay good they
tipped it wasn't anything offensive
anything I'll say the thing you want me
to say the thing I'll say the thing I
should go say goodbye to my hands can
you share your head shaving technique
with us I just have a razor for you know
my head I do go against the grain beard
I go with the grain I don't know if you
have a shaving preference like yeah
beard I go home beard I go with the hair
head I go up and that really makes it
nice and smooth you know cuz beard even
after you shave you got a little bit of
stubble but like my head whoo baby
smooth yeah alright baby smooth if I go
against the green and you know what the
most important part if you're shaving I
mean for any shape but if you're shaving
your whole head is you got you have to
get really good aftershave balm not not
like aftershave like the alcohol like
something that moisturizes I'll be
shaving my head someday yeah most likely
I don't see I'll try it once and I'm
gonna look like a ball I'm gonna look
like a baseball it's true it's gonna be
the worst thing don't change it maybe
buzz first yeah you know cuz then you'll
still have something up there to give it
to give your head some shape yeah that's
what I did I first I buzz you know but
kept it kept in some hair yeah yeah then
see how you like that oh God pissed off
mofo in the chat you're totally right
Jack could totally do dr. venture for
Halloween it doesn't you're not going to
do right but you would be a fantastic
doctor dr. venture okay Jonas jr. or not
jr. uh rusty
is the other one does a major brain fart
come Halloween time I'll see if I can if
I'll probably still have my tick costume
so yeah I can probably bring it in and
show you guys my take costume we're
starting to plan it out already
everybody's costumes which should
embrace the Friar Tuck look fuck off I
hate the Friar Tuck look it's an
abomination unless you have then it's
fine it's you know it's the Costanza
it's no I'm not gonna be George Costanza
I'm sorry fine it's fine look classic
that's a terrible or classic looks
horrible look it's a sad and depressing
look that's why George Costanza has the
Costanza oh that's a chick I need a red
coat II do not need a red guy you know I
might look good with a mustache I don't
know take custom but I heard tip costume
and I could pull that off yes I could
pull off a tit costume let's go as one
tit anonymous says to be the tick you
can telepathic you if you could
telepathically communicate with an issue
complex commands to members of any two
species what would they be - because I
know exactly what Dodge rich will try I
don't care I don't care any people
desperately trying to make this a thing
now I don't care
Jiminy Cricket prick bastard says a ship
accelerating at 1g you know could reach
the end Rama to galaxy for billion
light-years away in only 25 years of
ship time is FTL slash warp travel
really necessary given that well at ship
time but at the other end back on earth
where you're waiting for the information
that's still a lot longer 20 it 1g I'm
just assuming they're talking about a
time dilation when you when you're
traveling really fast I have no idea
yeah I
have no idea I think like one gene then
you got to double that for the way back
well listen talking about around and
also like 1g I think what they're like I
think that's way faster than things
normally travel in space like when we
send like the probes out yeah they do
not travel that fast and like they're
just hypothetical like you would get to
a speed yeah but there is shit in space
like you don't want to be traveling that
fast in space unless you have a way to
deflect I don't know rocks there's rocks
the asteroid belt yeah take a look at
what's actually in the asteroid belt if
you like if you if you're picturing yeah
you're picturing the Empire Strikes Back
right sure parts of it yeah take the
take the amount of asteroids you
actually saw the apart and just stretch
that around the entire fucking Sun yeah
but you know you don't think there's
like little little shit you're going too
fast like a little pebble space is so
fucking big jack space is bigger yeah
that's so fucking big you're probably
not going to hit anything high
probability
mekka Bionic frog says 1 G 1 G is 9.8
meters per second per second that's
pretty fast
yeah don't like you're just a long time
still a very long time and then how long
to get a communication back to earth
yeah exactly right exactly
mega Bionic frog sis thoughts on Garak
from ds9 I know I don't have complex
thoughts this is a very interesting
character he was the tailor right I was
gonna confuse with them I love the hot I
didn't watch too much TV face night yes
he was still the cat was going out this
TV is he doing with the ears that's why
I remember is the shopkeeper the Ferengi
no it wasn't he wasn't though over the
years no more the funny Ferengi he was
quani now quark not to be with a Q who
is the shapeshifter oh wow q Q is you
know what I was you should know that
from just TNG I was just next gen listen
they'll they all get jumbled up in here
you know they all get jumbled up I know
how to catch a fucking Pokemon
did you get a tip from this time it's
lupus that's coming up oh I'm seeing in
the chat if I could just mechanically
read them all fast and we could not
discuss anything that happens and we
cannot discuss anything else but the
tips he said he didn't see the the
notification so just to confirm I
apologize I apologize it's next in fact
hey stop hogging the pokémons and let
rich have a turn you know how much he
loves the game you Schmidt ik
Schmendrick
oh so zuka zama k-- dick Hoyt stop -
long that's you - boys because why not
nice nice so right now I'm not enjoying
the game because I'm waiting to get to
the part of the game where I can
actually like go out and catch a story
ship yeah like this this in a normal
pokémon game it does not take this long
okay Pokemon yet
well I fought one but it was my friends
Pogo I have not fought a wild Pokemon
yet we're going through a lot of shit
here so sorry and I just want it's time
to go out and get okay here we go there
we go
now ready Jack you Skrillex subs app
says yes hello hey ho what up bros how's
the days Deus Ex mankind did going is
still still the next review also tell me
to go to the gym right now because I am
feeling like a schlub
slob lolz solace my quantum I am feeling
like a schlub Lowell oh I think this
should be in a space missing lol I'm
feeling like a schlub
lol
solace my quantum so here's the thing
hey Jack Skrillex of zap go to the gym
you'll feel better after you get a
workout in you will oh my god
do you know the go to gyms go for walk
around blocks or something it's
something get your workout in however
you do it you know did you might be
boring but if that's their working write
a bike if that's what their workout is
yeah I go to the gym then go to the gym
look at this derpy Pokemon as opposed to
all the other derpy looking very
confused this is extra derp this Pokemon
is extra dare they're all redesigns
they're all new designs they're all new
designs I heard there are some that are
very similar to regular Pokemon what was
the other part of that Deus Ex review
oh we've decided not to do Deus Ex Jack
did not feel like he had any really
complex criticisms generically enjoying
it after after seven or eight hours my
my review is fine
thanks fine I have nothing interesting
to say about it I enjoyed playing human
Revolution when I play downstream hmm I
didn't touch mankind mankind divided it
yeah yep I was enjoying it I want to
play the rest of it I don't have the
free time paid free time to do it yeah
and so we decided against it I have an
idea for something I'd like us to talk
about in general and I have a new idea
for just a show in general oh yeah that
will be an addition I forgot to tell you
about it earlier
perfect so it's news to me yeah yeah I
forgot to tell you about it earlier I
don't know if you want me to talk about
it during this rumor for you
let's catch up oke man's salt like FCT
says never thought I'd say this but I
actually missed the overlay a little bit
also who'd wear to fight Tommy why soon
come I twice OH
or Neal Breen Tommy Wiseau is a media
man he's large it's got a big frame yeah
he could probably dominate and I'm sure
like Breen looks like he's an older
gentleman left older in his movie which
was also older yeah so he's got to be
doubly old now right then how that works
yes so I'm gonna say Tommy Wiseau like
in a real world fight not a fictional
character version of them fight it is n
it's Neil brain of he's the best but in
real life I'm giving it Tommy I'm sorry
no I think that's fair I think it's
totally fair
breehn is the best at all things but
we're not asking about characters were
asking about people in reality yes yeah
you're right like if it were their
characters Tommy Wiseau would never make
it to the fight because Neal Breen would
hack his computer and give him poison
through his hackable computer like
evidence that his girlfriend was
cheating and he would just kill himself
right yeah yeah and a fictional fight
Tommy Wiseau is already dead right
that's a fucking looking thing you know
you know that is a funky looking thing
they're they're designs aren't quite
Pokemon
you know like look at that thing a
Pokemon to me there's subtle difference
it's all different
manaman says hey guys
two hundred streamers i watch brought in
their girlfriends as guest host within
the same week and I couldn't watch
either for long all it did was remind me
of how lonely I am
any advice well first of all any stream
work errands on Space Ghost is that's
what Pokemon this is this is the fan
made pokemon uranium dark eyes oh yeah
man like are you looking for advice to
meet girls or how to avoid streams one
of these things is a lot easier than
yeah I kind of want this thing this
looks like a bear caterpillar
well are you are you are you you know I
mean if you're looking for an actual
relationship uh-huh find a girl you can
actually be friends with cuz uh it
wasn't the time you spend together
things are really working isn't gonna be
doing romantic things it's just gonna be
being together living in the same house
together it's very true it would help a
lot to enjoy watching the same things
but also make sure you have enough
differences you know keep it in you know
like kids you can't just have a mirror
of yourself yeah I need to bring
something to life well you need they
need to bring something to the equation
so you know like where do you find him
fuck if I know man unless you're unless
you're having like sex with your
identical twin and I'm gonna start to go
into that that's oh that's some issues
right there the Love Bug Pokemon um I
don't I don't know where to meet him I'm
sorry
use the apps I would use apps I just
said use a tinder the swipey you look at
the photos and just keep swiping until
you see someone don't boom efficient I
met Karen in high school yeah that's
probably no help to you nope I met Lisa
in high school we are we have no help I
know how old you are but meeting
somebody in high school that might be a
really big mistake basically if you're
not in high school don't look to meet
someone in high school I don't care if
you just graduated that's how it works
Namah says I was fuckin down the hallway
and some crease grabbed my vein and I
turned to him and said so help me if you
smoke me again you will go the way of
the coyote and then he defiled away ok
ok you read that I baines's double-0 it
says hey thank you have you guys checked
out mr. robot yet just started watching
it recently and got sucked in nice break
from Hollywood hacking highly
recommended lol hack my ass noise I've
still not seen any mr. robot I've heard
good things I haven't heard a lot I'm
I'm I'm I'm currently in the background
a lot of the background noise today I
was I was working on other things and a
lot of my background noise today was
rewatching jessica jones
to get all sorts of hype for Luke Cage
at the end of the month yep so I'm
relaunching that that's all that's all I
got and I have a whole bunch of movies
I'm gonna watch this week I'm gonna
finally catch up on my movies that I
missed all the movies that I missed in
the theater yeah we're gonna see pop
star I'm gonna see nice guys I'm gonna
see Keanu I'm gonna see all these movies
that if I'm gonna see neon demon I'm
gonna see all the movies that I missed
and it's gonna be great
well I would I would like to play
through Deus Ex but I've got a
houseguest right now I would just make
air it makes it makes everything awkward
one one-bedroom apartment that a
houseguest not that's not Karen they you
you have a houseguest who can deal with
you playing deus ex same room cuz
there's nowhere else for my houseguests
to go yeah sitting there well I'm
monopolizing the monitor to play Deus Ex
hey that's not that's not your problem
that's not your problem
them's the breaks yeah I mean I knew
zero neuroses I like I like Jessica
Jones but like daredevil more first
season
yes I liked first season of daredevil
more I like Jessica Jones about the same
as the second season of daredevil I
ivory actually like a little bit ago I
recently re-watched the second season a
daredevil - there's some good stuff in
there and there's some not-so-good stuff
in there but Jessica Jones is good man
it's it's like once David Tennant starts
rolling around it gets real good
who wins between Breen and why so if
they're both deluded into believing they
are their characters it's still Tommy
Wiseau because they're just deluded just
because neoprene thinks he is the best
hacker most talented thing doesn't mean
he actually is right because it's just a
pollution right so that overconfidence
is just gonna let Tommy Wiseau whale on
him extra hard as Neill green is
surprised that he's not actually a super
genius badass
you know what I like I was not a big
West world fan or anything and so I know
I know of the new West world chill I
have no strong feelings about it either
way rich to have any strong feelings
about the new West world show I first
time ever we're gonna heard of it oh
they're doing the West world to remake
for HBO
be good yeah give me good I got nothing
against West world yeah thank you I knew
were set down and watch the whole thing
I've seen bits and pieces in what's good
yeah like I don't know if I've ever
either
I'm not a big West world guy but hey why
not HBO's been making quality stuff I
mean how do you how do you reboot that
well it's gonna have to be the VR right
no I think they're I think they're
rebooting it in the same kind of fashion
I mean in the world we live on now is
just a whole city of robots acting like
the Cowboys is that just too silly when
we when we hypothetically could have
things like VR do that kind of stuff hmm
maybe but VR doesn't have the same kind
of no danger you know in physical danger
so you know kind of need to oh there's
the go to know if you die in the
computer your brain gets fried for no
good reason because that's what it says
in this drama requires it
yonk
then we go back and we get healed up
because this is how you cheese at
Pokemon this is how what you use that
Pokemon gotta get your moves on Pokemon
by just hitting the a button over and
over again check and I see someone in
the chat is mentioning my t-shirt spread
gene which is a real thing that I have
and I know everyone thinks I'm a crazy
person yeah I when when my when the
blade review came out I talked a little
picture cuz I had to add another column
yeah to my t-shirt spread the sheets I
have one for previously recorded one for
best of the works and one for review and
the reason I do that is because
oftentimes I wear graphic tees and I
don't want to wear the same t-shirt
that's I think that's happened to me
before - - during episodes different
days weeks apart or whatever support but
then like one episode right after the
other you're wearing the same t-shirt I
don't want that and so I started a
spreadsheet and so if I know I'm coming
into film I check the spreadsheet what
did I wear last couple ones okay don't
worry any of those try to wear a new one
right and people were and Jay included
on Twitter Jay was giving me such shit
about me having a t-shirt spreadsheet
and I think it's very practical no it is
nicer weren't a lot of just plain shirts
cuz it's not you know weren't a
graphical tee it's not and I know that's
what that's a sure twice in a row oh no
that's what Jay does - he says plain
t-shirts but you know I like I like
graphic tees so I know I'm a big weirdo
the person who rolls their eyes the
hardest is my wife Lisa is just like
what which is fucking why and I explain
that to her and you know she understands
my logic but you know like my graphical
tees you know why
cuz I like it when people say oh that's
a fun shirt where'd you get that shirt
it's like oh I can share my fun shirt
okay one nuts when you wear the CGP grey
shirt they love that and you wore the
binding of issac shirt to people mention
that I'm like that's a little fun more
fun thinking nuts they went nuts and by
nuts I mean - people said something
Nega Bionic frog says please tell me you
guys are gonna stream South Park the
fractured but whole in December nope no
media plans I don't I
I'm sure South Park is still funny I
haven't watched it in ages I haven't
played the stick of truth I haven't at
basic cable and ages night like I South
Park is no longer a big part of my life
so Fran cam one one four says two
questions the Jordan the people behind
our l'm follow the online fan
communities on reddit 4chan etc i know
jack does nope I don't I'm on reddit
yeah and every once in a while I'll get
a little thing in my inbox yeah and
where someone on the red letter media
subreddit has a question and they know
what my username is and so they go hey
user har Lac yeah cuz that's my name for
everything do you do you know that
there's a problem with the site and I go
oh yeah I'll tell you and then and
that's it like so I'm on reddit that's
it
every once in a while I'll peek my head
into this into the red letter media
subreddit like just to see what they're
talking about
I don't spend a lot of time man usually
I just look at the front page and then I
go on with my day so no no something
like send me a link to something going
on there but yeah yeah
Mike I don't I don't monitor the red
letter media subreddit yeah I guess is
what I'm trying to ditch how do you feel
about the cult of personality your fans
have about you it's fine it's amusing
it's a great leap amusing it's greatly
bemusing it's better to be a have a cult
of personality than to have nothing you
know
I got something going for me you do yeah
it's fine I said my laughs kills cancer
I get it
fun joke the fun joke it's code the
personality I don't know who the hell
does that and you know what now that you
sing it I can't hear the original song
anymore oh no no no no so rich what's
your email address Rich's email address
is contact at red letter media dot-com
quiz attic one says have you guys heard
of Hell see on six just came out is
apparently a mix of FTL and new XCOM I
have not even heard of it thank you
thank you for reminding me someone
someone sent me the link to that
somebody yes I'm the info it's there's
the one thing you might not like about
it is it does have turn-based combat
like RPG style turn-based combat okay
now like XCOM style turn but it's not
like X down but the world looks really
interesting and it it seems fun and yeah
there's a lot of them I don't know maybe
nothing just turn face because it's
turned off maybe I don't know what ton
about it but it did look really
interesting so uh so thank you for that
I will I will try to remember to show
rich that will open up steam here and
look at the trailer anonymous says wait
the blue blaze says gonna do these an
order check it's important it's very
important or else you lose your honor
have either of you played any of the
borderlands games what do you think of
them what's your favorite parody film
slash game also thanks for the advice
this is what I'd assume that anonymous
guy would say funny funny nut play
Bordelaise sorry I played the first one
and it was a fun combat like really good
really good shooter and I got a little
tired of the world and I got a little
sick of a gun man mm-hmm
it's it's one of those games that has a
million
and then you know like the enemies drop
a gun and then you look at the gun and
you compare their gun stats with the gun
stats you currently have to see which
gun you're gonna use and that kind of
turned into the world they're into the
game for me is just like it was looking
at numbers yeah
and so I was no longer playing a shooter
I was playing math and so I got a little
bored with it but uh combat was fine it
was fine
favorite parody film slash game I'm not
sure but it was probably made by Mel
Brooks I'll say that much sure sure
yeah you know Spaceballs is an amazing
movie it might be Shaun of the Dead or
Hot Fuzz because they do well they
transcend parody where they parody but
also pay respect to their source
material Hot Fuzz I think is more
transcendent then Shaun of the Dead
I guess I you know what I could I'll be
with you man but and like I know they're
not they're like a different form of
satire yeah but I still can consider
them satire so but oh an email I mean
just about any Mel Brooks the only thing
really excessively parodying and had fun
this is like some of the editing for
like the mundane things they do the
action
no oh they're mad pretty beat I mean it
hits it hits all the action beats at the
end it has all of the tropes in it and
they kind of find their spin on it so no
good I still think it counts cinnamon
likes the world in possibly a little
more there that was disappointing
World's End was really disappointing
really this money but it was
disappointing coming from Shaun to Hot
Fuzz to world and I know you hadn't seen
I watched Hot Fuzz the night before I
watched the World's End that the World's
End is disappointing that yeah very much
so yes in comparison yes yes
and so like airplay I see in the chat
someone said airplane airplane is great
fan TAS that would be Karen's favorite
already film yep she's a smart smart
lady I don't know if I've ever said that
about Karen but you know but you got you
got yourself some Blazing Saddles you
got yourself Young Frankenstein well
this is high anxiety is Hitchcock parody
yes oh fuck yes that was a great one
Spaceballs space balls are great Robin
Hood men in tights eyes there's no that
do I remember that Oh Mel Brooks not as
good as it used to be it was my reaction
to men in tights carry-ons
is is wonderful a lot of good jokes in
there
featuring Robin Hood Mennonites has a
little appearance by Dom DeLuise jr. but
my dad Eloise is good by the way alright
he's in that movie that's all I know
Jake oh the naked gun cracker man the
producers the producers wasn't a parody
of anything oh it was a unique idea
the the Naked Gun series yeah might be
my favorite parody okay okay the movies
are good I think this I think the series
was a tad better gags so the Naked Gun
short-lived TV series might be my
favorite parody that's the first thing
those were brilliant those were
brilliant
cheyanne monk it's a giant moon I always
loved The Naked Gun when he's trying to
quietly sneak and Ricardo montalban's
place at night he's trying to be quiet
mm-hmm the fish bites and he's got the
vein the organ going in the background
yep everything that could go wrong
that's great and then it ends with him
outside the building hanging off of a
stone penis pulling himself up I just
like I just remember watching I forget I
think it's that one I forget which one
it was exactly and I watched it too
young where I didn't get the joke where
Priscilla Presley is walking at the
ladder and goes nice beaver and she
hands down the stuffed beaver yeah I
didn't understand the joke at the time
now as an adult oh you know what movies
great but and does not get a lot of love
nowadays what top secret yeah with Val
Kilmer I have to reverse that I remember
seeing it thinking that's fine really
great visual gags really great visual
gags these are all made by the same
people I think time shaking send me the
same people who did airplane or the same
people that did the doctor done yeah
really I think I correct me if I'm wrong
chat is is top-secret not a sucker's
film remember top secret like there's
that entire underwater like western
fight scene and it was done all
underwater but they were breaking chairs
over each okay
that's brilliant this clever I don't
know that's funny
I came over the guy had the the the
magnifying glass while reading a book
and it brings the magnifying glass down
and he just has a big deformed I
top-secret is great classic Val Kilmer
kayak top secret is a sucker's phone oh
great Austin you know what Austin Powers
I think the first Austin Powers movies
arguing to may therefore a really good
parody Hot Shots wasn't the suckers that
was one of their associates wasn't it
one of the other people it was also I
like I like shots and hot shots apart
Indy
Natomas says the nom de Jack was on
review and retro sign review what are
you both gonna be on review you can talk
about the Super Mario Brothers movie I
don't give a shit about the fucking
Super Mario Brothers movie Ritchie just
hung as I play video games don't mean I
have like a ton of interesting thoughts
about the motherfucking Super Mario
Brothers movie but Ritchie a video game
guy you gotta look up things video games
does it but we do video games Jack talk
about all the video games though rich
don't you know you got a ton of other
video games but I mean it might happen
where we do a review and it's rich and I
am it might happen where we do a review
and it's Josh and iron we can we would
play that by ear we don't know exactly
what's happening by the way you should
play rains it will make rich laughs so
joyfully write it down in the book the
great book things we'll never do I wrote
it down did you see me write it down
totally ro to them
but video game yeah I know let's yeah we
do we don't know what's gonna happen
with the review what's the furthest you
can get from video games
you can do a review or just Citizen Kane
well talk about citizen fucking Kane
how's that they did perfect they'd be
perfect I got a few more ideas I want to
float by J jokingly I don't know I don't
know if it's made it into like the audio
only cut I don't know what they cut into
that I told Jay that I want to do a
review for every 90s superhero movie
just because those the movies I grew up
watching and loving like I want to do
one for the Phantom I want to do one for
the shadow and I want to do one for
Blankman because I remember Blankman but
no one else is like that I've seen it
it's great it's great Blankman by the
way someone who didn't really care about
blade yeah I watched the review you'd
have a James great oh thanks great
thanks yeah I had a it was a really
great casual conversation I was a little
nervous cuz you know I hadn't done a
review before but but those blade movies
one and two are really good too
especially which is Guillermo del Toro
Blade 2 is quality movie played Trinity
sucks balls bud but I some quality stuff
and you know a lot of fun stuff to talk
about just a lot of little tidbits you
know Blankman could be a parody I don't
remember yeah I didn't forget spawn
hardcore spawn came out after blade so
we were mentioning we were mentioning
movies
oh my got berries nice we were
mentioning other movies cuz there's a
lot I did spawn come out after blade and
I forget it doesn't you know what it was
we didn't it doesn't we didn't talk
about spawn because it's fucking spawn
so terrible
you're right judge frowny face J was
really sweet to humor me and letting me
do a review on play well you know like
that's the kind of movies that watch I
thought it was a fine episode final
episode next time I'm gonna I'm gonna
ask him to do a review on face off the
Nicolas Cage you could do John Travolta
movie fucking face off man it's a great
movie
llama so is Jack I know a little German
he's sitting right over there but I'm
assuming that was a top-secret joke
oh maybe oh gosh is good go to bed love
stop shaking tray don't wear that joke i
I just remembered top secret as a as a
movie that existed that is a parody
movie it's very different than loving it
I loved it I don't I don't memorize
stuff like you guys memorize stuff I'm
gonna say Jack it feels like we've been
playing this for three hours that's what
it feels like yeah we haven't we have
not
John Woo directed faceoff that's fucking
right slow motion doves and everything
and faceoff greatest rich so comically
stupid the greatest I think is what you
mean gobbledygook says Jack please tell
us a story about you and a blood rave
was this before or after you were a
butcher didn't involve your butcher shop
oh well vulcanize my Whoopie stick I was
well I saw blade I I'm not exaggerating
when I say blade came out when I was 16
yeah and you know then it probably came
to video the next year so I was 16 maybe
17 that came out on video and my friends
and I would throw like dance parties in
our parents basement to techno music to
that one song and blade that is a
horrible techno song I'm sure because we
were so fucking into blade did you did
you throw black specks of blood each
other no no but but you know like we I'm
sure we yelled bloodbath at one point
and then you know the next year the
matrix came out and just solidified the
whole techno dance club thing ah there's
a dumb kid but the matrix got all the
credits and the matrix got all the
credit because racism mm-hmm this time
it's lupus says one of my favorite
things regarding rlm is when you guys
just talk movies in these streams or
when you go off on tangents and
commentary tracks
it's just thoroughly enjoyable more
reviews please thank you thank you very
much
it's gonna happen because they I know
Jay and Mike really like Makem because
it's a lot easier just to have a random
conversation about a movie that's out on
DVD analysis can either of you watch a
Tom Cruise film and not think crazy
Scientologist while watching no it's
utterly impossible it is I can
yeah because he hasn't done anything
like because he hasn't done anything
like super illegal like it it probably
like it'd be really hard for me to watch
that's another example of this you know
they hate him just his personality his
is too distracting oh no I think I think
he's a good enough actor we're like I
can forget the baggage that comes with
Tom Cruise overshadows know I can forget
about that they're like because it's not
bad bad like it's not super bad baggage
you know like I could never I could
never watch a movie with OJ Simpson
again like the old movies before he
murdered two people like yeah maybe
stay to the Naked Gun probably it is I
have been murdered two people yeah no
but like Tom Cruise is just kind of a
weirdo yeah so it's it's different for
me
well there's necessarily ruin the movie
but it's distracting does that that
character it's that's Tom Cruise and yes
if Scientologist weird for Tom Cruise
that doesn't that doesn't bother me
we're just talking about this but edge
of tomorrow is a somewhat recent movie
and I fucking love edge of tomorrow
that's a great movie Oh Jake is barely
in the first naked good yes but when he
is you that's all you think it's all you
can thinking about yeah absolutely
naima says I am here for you father when
I came of age I would like to know I
would like to do it there's no space
there a better space yeah I had to
observe that it was anyway that doesn't
sound right
I would like to do it your own uncle not
allow a damn fool
David was afraid of an old man we got
some fucking crazy people are you gonna
I guess I guess just like picking up a
book and writing the first two sentences
that you see it's probably like a game
play sure everyone I had the page page
37 of the nearest book and the the fifth
sentence you type it in is the tip hmm
that's the thing we're dealing with
tonight yeah Jackie Rose I grew that Tom
Cruise has never phoned a performance in
okay I I think he is an actor that that
gives it all even even to like small
roles weird roles
he's a I think he's a good actor he's a
good performer so I am will I am able to
separate that when I see him on screen
drinking burger too says turkey burger
jeez everyone forgets the r-rated comic
book movie franchise from the 90s The
Crow the sequels suck though also the
mask Judge Dredd men in black and
mystery men are based on comics oh yeah
yes that's true that's true you know
with the crow that was an interesting
one I think people still write me they
fucking made four of them such a angsty
bullshit right I'm sure they have such
bullshit I doubt they've hardly aged
terribly
still I thought the crow was school of
course everyone did everyone fucking did
everyone thought the crow was cool
there's a lot of things that are based
on Connor
she might not initially suspect were
based on comic that's true
Cowboys vs. aliens well well there's the
story behind that though is Cowboys vs.
aliens was originally written as a
screenplay
oh yeah and no one would buy it and so
but everyone is buying up comic book
materials so they turned the screenplay
into a comic book so someone would buy
the comic book that's just smart
thinking that is smart thinking yeah the
mask was based on I'm coming very
different than the comic mask was like a
grown man mask comic book is great I
haven't read it I've heard it's like a
dark adult thing though right yeah same
personality but murderous I'm like it's
like an anvil were to fall on his head
it wouldn't be like comically flat like
like his brains would splat out reforms
nice like gore is a gory loon eaters oh
that sounds great read the comics yeah I
did I think I read the comics at least
the original ones I'm swimming every
mass Connacht that came out after the
movie was the Zoot Suit emulating the
movie 100% they did a cartoon after that
movie too right yeah the comic-book mask
would slowly lose control and just got
more murderous and crazy as time went on
longer you had the mask on but the worse
you got that sounds great it is it was
rich are you well you know you probably
don't want to see x-men apocalypse right
you're not the next one person hi I do
as part of my week of catching up with
movies I am gonna watch x-men apocalypse
I might oh no justice or not Justice
League Suicide Squad is still in
theaters mm-hmm I can catch up on that
yet
well if I go to the theater don't fight
I'll bring a mascot apart you can read
that shit right I'm catching up on shit
this week rich
anonymous says are you from the wait but
I remember the the Beetlejuice cartoon
that's good that's fine it was fine
weird I remember it I don't like I
remember it existing you know right
zach is wax's check-plus rich what is
the strangest reason you don't like an
actor or slash actress for example my
father said he doesn't like Ben Affleck
in films because he finds his teeth
weird yes yeah I could totally see that
I love that by the way I love that any
actors that you dislike for weird
reasons not really any specific reason
oh we were just talking about it when I
was younger I was found Fred Savage to
be somewhat irritating for no especially
good reason all right that's fair I've
got a smarmy Nisour something I could
sense coming from him I don't I don't
know what I don't know what it was
uh-huh there's a kid yeah she's kind of
annoying I don't know why I've never
really cared for Kirsten Dunst not
because I don't believe she's a good
actress
but for a while I had a a step sister
who looked identical to her and she was
an awful bitch and so every time I see
Kirsten Dunst all I see is my stepsister
who was an awful bitch who's no longer
my stepsister so and so like I can't I
can't look until Fargo season 2 I was
unable to like watch a movie with
Kirsten Dunst without being filled with
anger yeah so I guess that's a weird
reason and I never much cared for Shia
LaBeouf because he just looks like an
asshole that might just be me though
ah I didn't really start hating him
until he started getting weird recently
shyah shyah yeah oh and you know what
his weirdness recently is the thing
that's turning me around on him yeah
yeah cuz when he was like an Indiana
Jones everyone just hated him I was fine
in it you didn't write the part yeah
he's just awful
but no like him doing like the the SIA
music video like just being a weird
artist did you see that video where he
just stared at someone for an hour
heard about it there's a rule you're
just supposed to walk in they would just
stare at you for yeah they both had a
GoPro attached to their head and they
just stared at each other in silence
dumbest thing for like an hour like
weird arthouse shit plagiarism shit like
him and transformers he did fine but
what that role was what they needed a
movie but it made him it I hated him too
I just hate him anonymous says are you
familiar with the problem of continuity
of consciousness with regard to the Star
Trek teleporters transporters these
transporters if so what are your
thoughts and would you ever take a when
you ever take a Star Trek style
teleporter transporter if they exist no
there there are philosophical nightmare
what why don't you actually see GP grade
just like did a video on this a while
back yeah why don't you explain because
they're destroying the original and
they're recreating something down below
was the recreation really still you
right are you basically dying in
something that thinks that she was
coming out the other end right it's a
copy shorthand yeah a copy of you is
created and you are destroyed and that
copy picks up where you left off with
all of you with all of you yeah but is
it a different you I would never
consider getting on a transport if if it
if it were a proven technology like they
said no yeah this is totally safe
everyone knows it's always say if I do
in the fucking art even with no because
because then like that whole
philosophical conundrum is is
that to me goes to souls which is not
like anything like like oh no all of us
it's it's this inner thing that makes us
who we are and it's no it's not just
about that
you ever see what's that movie called
the magician with you Jackman and
Christian Bale oh I have it not the
magician it's the movie about magician
yes yeah what it's called someone who
tell us what that's called
that time by the short list of movies to
see that's a that was a Nolan movie
right yeah if you just delayed the
destruction of the original see if you
feel the same way yeah but it's not the
Wayne what does that movie come pristine
fan takes at that point if you're
destroying the original and creating a
new one it doesn't really matter one you
destroy the original it's so it's
basically it's a death knell equals out
I'd still be fine with it
I have I've no I have no moral dilemma
Shane I have no moral dilemma here you
know why cuz it'll get me places faster
it's way more efficient so I have no
moral dilemma
alright the prestige prestige sorry I
know you probably said that earlier
would just you just trigger now that was
right yeah brains no your brains
braining is fine I'm thinking about
philosophical nightmares caused by
transporters it's not I don't think as
anything we're gonna have to deal with
in our life anyway and so like for me I
can say this knowing that I will never
have to deal with this though I'd rather
just not think about it at the end of
the day we're just we're just a
collection of electricity will be the
same collection on the other side
consciousness is largely an illusion
look up look up alien hand syndrome
Belize but spec brain patients in
general oh I think I know you're talking
yeah it's crazy game child you cases hi
welcome what do you think of Kevin
Smith's film direction in the past 10
years since
Jersey girl yoga hosers looks pretty bad
any chance of a clerks review with yoga
hosers coming out I know Jay and I have
talked about clerks a lot here in the
stream might not be a bad idea
clerks is an incredibly important movie
to me I would have a ton to say about it
I'll talk to Jay about it okay I feel -
I feel I feel exactly one way about
Kevin Smith's current movies like tusks
and yoga hosers he is making the movies
that he wants to make and good for him
they just happen to be garbage so you
know who cares
he has his audience isn't gonna care but
I think I think it's good that he's
making the movies that he wants to make
I know Jay says tusk is all right I
don't know about that - traitor traitor
Todd's inch says I don't suppose I could
put nerdy stories of mine and a bunch of
these tips or would that just be
annoying
you can try I think they're annoying I
just won't read them I'm not legally
obligated to read this shit we do it
because we're nice Michael Cody C aces
hey Jack and rich no no thanks for the
endless hours of entertainment how about
doing a review of Starship Troopers
there's a lot going on there that people
don't appreciate also eat my cock I'm
fond of Starship Troopers you and Mike
Cooper I have a good conversation maybe
I don't know if I can have a great
conversation but rather that much to say
yeah
maybe Jay would have a lot to say about
that
but I don't think it's terrible by
enemies Starship Troopers yeah ah fuck
it's great it's a fascist propaganda
film for a fascist government that
doesn't exist
it's great and it kind of sneaks in the
fact that it's a fascist propaganda film
kind of sneaks in there it's great yep
would you like to know more cop-out was
the bomb at the box office no and like I
I wanted more I wanted more for Kevin
Smith uh-huh
Kevin Smith was was was us was was was
everyday lot more that man has had honey
don't cry for Kevin oh no I don't cry
don't cry for Kevin Smith he he was
living every film nerds dream he made
some weird movie yeah and then he his
career took off and like oh we can do
that we can make weird movies and then
like have a career in Hollywood that was
great and then like he started to get
big opportunities and started failing at
them and so like to me it was just like
oh this guy who who was a hero for
somebody just like turned out he's not
really good at directing anything that
he didn't also write and produce and
edit yeah that kind of sucks but so
that's why that's what I mean by I
wanted more for him you know like yeah
yeah fine oh he's he's fine Starship
Troopers is a fascist satire is it a sad
tire doesn't a sad tire ultimately have
to be like sarcastic I can't I can't
find the the knocks against fascism in
Starship Troopers
it kind of just embraces it which I
guess is a satire for us but may hey
right where's the it was the haha we're
kidding
in Starship Troopers oh no it went full
ironic yeah the highs in your brain
hoping that it's ironic
yes Starship Troopers is a fascist
utopia mmm-hmm
they were literally dressed as Nazis at
the end yeah but if it's actually a
satire doesn't the message have to
ultimately be against it and never
sergeant troopers never gets their
Starship Troopers never winks it we it
never shows its hands I'm going to agree
that it's a satire okay only because it
kind of has to be I guess like because
of modern sensibilities it has to be a
satire I don't know
