Sir, You are not finding the 3DS Capture Software (part 1)
September 18, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O_GBWUMSbD0

all right so what was the original plan
today uh we we were planning on
streaming more Phoenix right until like
literally ten minutes ago in which we we
recently put in a new hard drive here in
the streaming computer and we keep
forgetting to bring stuff over one of
the things well it's not entirely our
fault because this is this is completely
reasonable you bought you want that
capture card yet it specially installed
by someone we're really added with a in
Japan Japan okay
they they they install the capture card
into the 3ds yeah and even though
presumably you would still need the
hardware to run the software they've got
that fucking software on fucking lock
down and hidden and it's like a some
kind of weird fucking paranoia they've
got going on with that 3d s software
that you need the hardware to run we
cannot find a downloadable link to the
very specific 3d s video capture comm
software to capture to capture Phoenix
right to put on this computer because
when they sent me the 3ds with the
capture card installed they literally
sent me a piece of paper with a URL
written on it not an email not anything
that I can duplicate we just we just
spent the last half an hour scouring
both the internet and both of our email
inboxes yep for Old Mill and there is no
trace of this URL anywhere to be found
on the Internet and so and so we're
gonna play sir you are being hunted
which is a game which is a
three-year-old game that I I finally get
to play now that I have a nice computer
I've been wanting to play this game for
three years you need a nice computer to
play this well it didn't run Mac for a
while okay okay and so no and so their
end and we didn't break we haven't
brought over the overlay and we're gonna
pissy mood so I don't feel like being on
camera so there's no there's no camera
and there's no overlay so it's just the
game because this put us in a pissy mood
I'm in a pissy mood because I'm working
on a getting an old computer that can
run the sims 3 ready for Karen yeah and
the old computer I got ahold of that
case was was cracked okay and so I you
know I bought our new case and I went to
decorate it okay I thought y'all give
her a cute case like purple let's paint
some shit on there they're gonna paint
the case I don't know what the hell went
wrong I didn't clean it right or
something but but the first coat of
purple on that looked okay needed a
second coat I put the second coat on I
don't know why the second coat went on
like a blotchy mess oh so I've spent the
last two days trying to scrape the
fucking paint off this PC case so I
could try again
hmm hmm well yes cyborg wolf that what
the plan was to keep or was for me to
grab all of the overlay stuff and put it
on a thumb drive and bring bring it over
here but you know life gets in the way
sometimes the best laid plan laid plans
yeah go to foam roll mountain yeah
change it up a little bit eh Castle yeah
that's good so sir you are being hunted
is a game that I want to talk about for
previously recorded this game I don't
want to talk about for previously the
reason I wanted to talk about this is I
wanted to have us play a couple quick
games again yeah so we could so we could
get a couple quick episodes in it's a
game I've been wanting to play for a
long time it is a stealth survival game
that is procedurally generated it's a
it's a crappy horror game without the
horror elements it's got some half-ass
stealth it's got some really annoying
find the hidden things in the world
element I can't stand that oh I love
that oh I fucking hate wandering around
aimlessly hoping you find the vital
mission items oh oh joy that's what
makes it fun for me is that you don't
get them I hate that you have to find
they don't have to give
a fucking arrow marker but give me a
general idea of what I need to do where
I need to go
yeah but they they give you that stumble
around do you find the thing is not my
idea they do fun they have the wisps
that kind of points you in the direction
and they have the smoke in the distance
they I've seen wish float around the
middle of a goddamn field yeah and they
head towards the thing I believe I think
they do Italy's I have no idea so in any
case oh yeah beefcake by the way your
twat sure for the second time at exactly
the seven minute mark the Twatter goes
red and disconnects automatically did we
accidentally chain some kind of weird
setting in there I'm sitting I'm sitting
it up new fry read downloading it for
the laptop I didn't I just downloaded
him oh you did okay well sorry I just
downloaded it to the laptop
see I'm pissy because I have to repaint
a case that I've been scraping paint off
on for the last two days Jack's pissy
because I don't like sir you're being
hunted or that's not missing Jack's not
pissy I'm the pissy one today Jack's
covering for me because I'm in a pissy
burger dreamer TK we know it drew Takei
it's not that capture program that
capture program at where are you sorry
dreamer dreamer DK DK that cat 3ds
capture program does not work well with
my capture card the capture card I
bought it at my site was 3ds video
capture calm and we can't find a
download link from there we found that
one ride that one it didn't seem to be
working yeah it's not for us it didn't
work for us at the moment so oh my god
in the game Rich's in the game oh crap
and I forgot to turn
the tip alert Iran have yep we're having
but we're having problems we're still
we're still here we're fine everything's
gonna be fine get those bandages get
that uh I apparently have a higher
standard for problems than you do this
is for fine everything's fine oh I got
17 remaining parts on the machine Oh God
oh yeah the first ones a gimme but yeah
this kills the game randomly walk around
until you maybe stumble on the things
and that's I hate that I hate that so
much that's what makes it fun that's a
game killer oh you're crazy okay we do
have a couple tips this new subscriber
says there was a glitch on Wednesday so
many subscribers did not get a shout-out
here is the list of those who were
missed is that that was their glitch we
we did the subs thing yep exactly hey
Dante Doomsday's so many problems just
like the glory days of prereq absolutely
also health games should avoid doing
open-world crap unless it's like Metal
Gear Solid fan painting with a give you
a fucking like horse you can run around
on but like walking slowly throughout
giant open world bad idea you don't have
to walk slowly I don't want to get
spotted by the thing exact well you it's
risk reward man risk reward well just in
case we missed you mister glitch for 22
fucking months in a row
Kroenke sloshed from ducks tails for 23
fucking months in a row Len flack
ocinski dr. gunther hooter hanker yeah
Saffy ran for 20 fucking months in a row
Svengoolie what side you can't run
around jack you can run around just fine
in the old world well did you look
around for right there near the starting
area just spawned oh god I hate this
game
Sven Ghoulie dark-matter oz Mike Master
Kenobi diarrhea deadlift and Incan Z
sorry if we missed you I don't remember
a couple of those names very sorry if we
missed you
why no face cams because we're in a
slightly pissy mood and we don't feel
like being on camera so what's my plan I
don't wander around because I might
stumble on one of the things I need to
find that's my plan the plan you know
you you know you the the reason I'm into
this game so far is you have to be slow
and methodical and take your time and
constantly look over your shoulder I
actually feel anxious walking around in
this game
unlike most survival horror games I feel
more anxious in this than I did in Soma
or whatever because soul is a non game
death death is real in this needs story
elements non game
for soba yeah what is this game called
it is called sir you are being hunted
sir I hate that you can't explore the
buildings - yeah I mean that's you know
technical limitations
you know what would be really nice not
necessarily exploring the buildings but
just having a place to hide having
another place to hide yeah nice yeah a
nice element to the game oh it's not in
the game it's fine
keeps the pace up keeps the pace up
let's see here
where were we wonk squonk 182 says jack
is slowly becoming my new favorite
person in part to hit due to his musical
tastes revealed laugh stream do you have
any suggestions for math rock bands no
not besides coheed and cambria
I do not I did I have been listening to
someone pointed me to last week pointed
me to a rock band called dead Sarah they
are not mathy at all they're just very
straightforward rock and roll with a
female lead singer who fucking whales
she rips she rips like like crucial
taunt she's great slightly different who
acts yeah a square if you try to
actually get close to use it you'll just
get fucked up well you got you know I
got dodging weave dodging weave dead
yeah I think it's called dead Sarah but
it's Sarah SAR a dead Sarah and why are
you not giving me the highlight stuff no
what
the butt though there we go it wasn't
doing this before oh okay Oh
dubious roast beef I have never gotten a
roast beef before by the way they're
already used for the frigging dubious
items no like like the dubious mushrooms
will give you vitality back but then the
screen I'll get all wobbly wobbly
because you took mushrooms so like those
I'll usually eat because they won't hurt
me but I'll just stand still for a
little bit while I go all wobbly wobbly
nice
where were we anonymous there's a fun
new game out on Steam it's called the
Delta the Delta grow brothers it takes
place in the Ides of August in the year
1800 you to our fans of Barry lid oh he
does several voices I don't know who
Barry lid Barry lid that sounds like a
like a made-up name but you know what I
will I will go over to Steam right now
on my cellular phone and put that on a
list of games that I should look at the
Dell tag borough brothers house a very
led spelled Barry like Barry L ID okay
it's pretty straightforward there yeah
Dell tag
burro tell tag burro brothers
dehl tag I'm not seeing it hold on I'm
not seeing it it's all fine so yeah
every once in a while you don't you
don't get a map to start off the game
which I know rich says he doesn't like I
actually really like it what they do
have the wisps that kind of head in the
direction of important stuff you don't
you don't need to give me like a heads
up display that pins point pinpoints
exactly where I am at all time but give
me a map let me have some vague idea of
where I'm going you can't you can find a
map yeah Matt you know like that's you
can find a map in the world but I I
prefer it this way you're plumped down
dumb random plotting around and you just
have to well you have your binoculars
and so every once in a while you have to
check the distance and see if you see
white smoke because white smoke is there
that's where all the artifacts have been
white bloomin smoke and you just look
around you search you actually explore
you look for look for robots see if you
see any wisps it's real exploration
nothing here no I actually my
playthrough I'm on right now I found a
little doohickey that uh yeah that like
one of the characters starts off with
that oh it's got shit range oh he's got
shit range but it's really helpful I
found one in the house those are creepy
oh yeah those are fun little robot arms
that so you can get grabbed by those oh
I also presume I stay away from them I
stay away from them dr. Harry Lime says
I'm enjoying elite dangerous it's like
what it was on the c64 but all shiny
what are your thoughts on elite or
similarly explore II space games like
space games elite dangerous seems like a
neat space sim I played it a little bit
I really need to get more time with it
sooner or later okay but right now I'm
shackled to sir you are being hunted
we're gonna record this episode
and then we're gonna we have like a deer
that stepped into a bear trap we have
two games that I want us to play and
we're gonna record both episodes on the
same day so I can just work on editing
and then you can have all sorts of all
sorts of free time to play whatever the
fuck you on my jump button also doing
toggle debug I don't know rich I don't
know the game does not have any there's
no in-game like music but you should be
hearing some light footsteps but it's
it's very minimal sound design because
you can hear the robots when they come
and attack you
every when they're close to you you can
hear them Ribbit's sir you are boring
the chat well-nigh don't care cinnamon
deal with it let's see where were we
Zac swags is rich you liked Mass Effect
how was your first suicide mission can
you if you can remember damn good yeah
yeah who died half the crew know ideally
dallied a little bit too much before the
suicide mission other than that it went
flawless picked the right people for the
right mission I see alone he looks be
alone he also looks to be stuck so you
might be able to accent motherfucker
every time I try this 30 of them pop out
got dodging we even you gotta hit him
twice he only has two bullets before you
realize I know how to murder something
with an axe hey I'm just I'm just
letting you know I'm just letting you
know as soon as Richard's done with this
I will ask him to write a rest of your
nice rich that'll be useful later if you
get a working gun is your Shepherd
generally Paragon or asshole
mostly Paragon a little bit of mix mmm
the big decisions are usually Paragon
okay with some minor asshole array here
and there I don't like someone I'll tell
them to fuck off asshole or when it's
when it's in character yep okay that's
great twitches compression is
annihilating the game I believe that and
yeah it there there is day and night in
the game and so when it gets dark it's
probably gonna look pretty dark for you
guys the one the one that gave me the
most pause mass effect was whether or
not to kill the last wreak knife and
well know how with a major consequences
involved with that word that changed a
lot in Mass Effect 3 did it no no it
didn't
rich what says this time is lupus I saw
some sort of George Lucas video why why
why why
lol scarf my spinach did George Lucas
released some sort of online video today
yeah Oh weird yeah how strange
wasted on our site oddly enough that you
know what I I think that means he's
that's an olive branch
I wanted you guys to exclusively cater
tis gotta face slightly out of context
and it's befuddling to people it's
befuddling to me I'll tell you that okay
am I supposed to know the context or our
people supposed to know the country not
okay it's very strange
but fine
the these small personal films that
George Lucas has been dying to make for
years uh-huh salad unboxing videos oh is
that what the joke was supposed to be
it's gonna be a part of something else
okay well you're probably not gonna see
anywhere near the whole thing yeah but
I'm just I'm basically right now I don't
know what that I'm shamelessly wandering
around yeah hoping I find a smoke thing
that's not I could be maybe I should be
going east I don't know I'll fundable
well like where okay so like where did
you start from make it make it so your
cursor face okay so you started
southeast so yeah the head and head
north just walk around explorer
motherfucker this is I'm just walking
through the woods slowly yes
Oh God look there's a shit you can look
at a shit great you know what I'm gonna
find in there what junk maybe you find a
gun maybe you'll find a bloody Bob maybe
you'll find a map an indirection
caesarian fart says congrats on getting
old whore gay to come film his salad
unboxing videos in the rlm studio what
was it like meeting the man himself
did he ask any of you guys to come help
with his small personal films well that
was a small personal fitness obvious in
that video it was not obvious in that
video
I get it that it's Oh blunderbuss uh
apparently oh yeah you can always drop
it later I'm probably gonna have to and
anonymous says Jack I saw Kubo in part
based on your recommendations and it was
one of the most beautiful movies I've
ever seen this year great animation
fantastic music thanks for help you're
welcome it is it's truly truly a
beautiful movie like I've said over and
over the story is so simple that there
are some points that you kind of just
roll your eyes because it's a very very
simple story but it's so worth it just
to see the animation and the imagination
of the storytelling it's beautiful glad
you liked it
Kubo and the two strings carry Lasher
says george lucas explains the project
mentioned the other night rich Evans he
explained it where do you explain that
I'm sorry George Lucas explains the
project mentioned the other night rich
Evans I don't know what that means
Carrie and I'm very very sorry I'm just
gonna say yep yep great great
great
there's a problem there's a wispy
there's also a robot we have to be very
sneaky because there's a boba
that's probably at least three there's
two over by the gizmo yeah there's
always two by the gizmo not always yeah
really I've always found that there's
too bad a gizmo yep Oh every game is
different
where you go
have I ever watched an unboxing video
for anything
probably like way back in the day you
know like before before there wasn't
just an unboxing for everything I was
curious about those fancy zone of the
enders action figures they had yeah and
I think I watched an unboxing video
though it's just a good idea what they
were like oh sure like probably you know
one of the early iPhones
I saw an unboxing cuz I didn't have one
and just wanted to see what one looked
like and that was early internet day so
I probably have I don't watch them
regularly you know it's nice and a
stealth game completely random patrol
patterns those are just great it kind of
makes it real rich
I want a game I watched every unboxing
for every Apple product ever and not
every one but I do I there are certain
things that like the Pat like for Apple
products the packaging is part of the
experience and so I could see someone
being really into Apple unboxing videos
you know
some lioness some ham so you got a lot
of food man I don't I never get this
much food do these driver names look
from it went for your software for the
capture
let me see sorry Jen
let me see what we got here serious
desperate I know no when I was just I
was I was playing some more on the crop
ELO's with with her the other night
pretty good we made it pretty far and I
was I really like the new Brut character
he's just he's a big dumb guy you know I
move slowly and I like that but uh see
you like big dumb guys like big dumb
guys unfortunately we we met some
untimely deaths that's the way of life
that's the way of life that's the way in
Acropolis and you know I know I was
excited to play more feedings right - I
brought the 3ds it's right here in front
of me charging maybe these are in in 3's
view I that might be it and sorry
I do I like big dumb guys but uh I will
we'll try those out after the stream
I'll try downloading those here and see
if that works
search engine search and says I emailed
that katsu Kitty regarding the download
link because I almost got pissy and you
won't like me when I'm fizzy
determination Thank You Cerie I'm sure I
even kept that piece of paper just for
this situation button we'll find it
those those links do look correct no Oh
bother it's not that one the website I
got it at is 3ds video capture comm and
we searched long and hard for for a
download link and we could not find it
oh thank you dreamer TK I will check
that that email when I get home
anonymous nope
how about gamer child you case is hijack
and rich saw Blair Witch with friends
last night if you're expecting an Oscar
Best Picture you'll be disappointed a
decent horror flick during Halloween
season
it'll be okay do you see have you seen
the first player which are you don't
give a shit you don't give a shit Fon
fledge movie ok I liked the first player
which I have no plans on seeing the new
one because like I'm not a huge fan of
Blair Witch where I feel like I need to
see a new one but that's just me ok an
anonymous has weird question
I am not sure if anyone at rlm is
colorblind rich are you aware of anyone
at rlm being color blind they are it's a
mystery to me I've ever heard it okay
that's that is the answer to your
question Skulltula houses Jack didn't
you stream the unboxing of your 150
dollar xbox a one controller well I
showed you the box of it that wasn't an
unboxing video I like the box of it are
you going after
oh I see what you're doing you beam I'll
sneak if I'd
you know for fuck's sake that's alright
just running hide don't give up
but I do I did like the box of the Xbox
one what like the box of the Xbox one
elite controller they they put you know
it's an expensive controller and I liked
it that they put some thought into the
box like the box is a neat box it's one
of those box where you think twice about
throwing away oh it is a nice box let's
see here where are we
it's all good fiddles fiddlesticks
Fiddler's again hi jack
rich what Mad Max fury OSA prequel has
been announced thoughts that'll be a Mad
Max for OSA prequel great Miller is said
to be directing okay that's great he he
did a great job with that fury road by
the way don't mind the haters play
whatever you want you're great
cheers from Croatia Europe I want to
perfect my Orcs Must Die Ron oh yeah
well you know what
after how about it we'll give this an
hour and if you if you're still if
you're still feeling pissy you can
perfect your Orcs Must I run oh and
other people are saying it hasn't been
announced it's rumored that's fine
rumored announced we're all just having
a great time old hand saw hi guys any
thoughts on the Mad Max black and chrome
edition no I never even heard of it so
oh it looks like it's a black and white
version oh man you know Miller has a
hard-on for it does really visual
storytelling minimal whatever sure yeah
also lol fuck my fat folds No
I refuse you can't make to it no that's
fair no that's fair uh yeah I probably
you know I've already seen the movie it
wouldn't do much for me artistically to
see it in black and white so this is the
area I looted before I have no fucking
idea possibly yeah I mean yeah you're
heading back to if you're heading back
towards maybe I had a map if you're
heading back towards the thing this is
probably the area that you looted before
what is that I was a bird oh it's a bird
Oh anonymous Jack you like hip-hop are
you familiar familiar with run the
jewels if not check them out they are
great I think you'll enjoy them
okay anonymous I will I will
I do like hip-hop and I will check out
run the jewels do I have an idea how
many parts are on each individual island
or is that all exploration to a Dalek
spa
oh what a bunch of shit you just know
how many you know you need you know this
you know this kind of crap is where you
gotta find all the things it's like it's
like turning losing your car keys to do
a game well wait wait wait stop save
your progress while you there or else
when you die you'll have to refine that
one piece this game is like losing your
car keys Oh terrible it's fine that's
the way I went before I don't know I
think you went north before god I'm
pretty sure you went north please have a
drink your dry lips feel like they're
licking my ears right before you say
things I'm very sorry I am a little
dehydrated I will get some water so many
robots rich
I did I biked I biked here today so I'm
a little dehydrated
as it's lovely weather for biking okay
where were we
where were we where were we dr. Harry
Lime says have you seen the awesome
Thrilla tude of The Wicker Man no
thoughts I saw it once a while ago on
cable so I know it's suppose it's one of
those like notorious Nicolas Cage you
know it's the real thing
oh there's an original that I haven't
seen that's a beloved classic oh is it
yeah oh well then there you go then
there you go
what's your favorite movie that other
people think is poo okay not a favorite
of mine but I know I am usually the one
that will defend Independence Day it's
just like Independence Day is a you know
schlocky action movie I can I can get
behind it and other people you know
think it's garbage I it's not a gun nice
it's not a favorite of mine button but I
like it
welcome to earth I can get down I can
get down with that right
let's take the food though it's like you
don't really need to worry about it now
but yeah if you do if you want to grab
like just in case it's another bigger
shard sometimes the shards are only one
square big that's only happen like once
oh yeah yeah on the street I can't read
that because robots give your story that
you can't read right which whatever ah
let's see here uh unit six or three it
says hi rich and Jake modern movies have
finally broken me I've been burned too
many times and too cynical to want to
even try to watch movies any suggestions
lol fornicate my gentleman's sausage Mad
Max was fine a lot of the Marvel movies
are okay some are great they're fine
yeah it'll just give you more bullets if
you drag the gun in yeah yeah yeah yeah
go see Mad Max fury road that's a great
one
see creed if you have if you if you are
a fan of any of the Rocky movies and if
you haven't seen all the Rocky movies
watch all the Rocky movies and then
watch Creed yes this isn't like the late
90s there are good movies out there yeah
it took that a while to think in the
late nineties mid to late there's some
crap this the initial CGI flood where
they did not care at all about anything
because that CGI
oh yeah and you might not which to your
revolver and reload if you haven't no
you do oh my god you have so much ammo
yeah I don't think I've ever had that
much ammo ever fact scrap the
blunderbuss yeah yeah you don't have a
shotgun either but but you know I was
just gonna say you can get a shotgun
really easily and I got so many revolver
bullets
yeah you're fine you're fine I know I'm
really excited I have yet to see it but
I I've heard great things about the nice
guys Shane Black unfortunately I didn't
get around to seeing it this week like I
had planned I've heard really great
things about both pop star a Lonely
Island movie and Keano the key and Peele
and the key and Peele movie if you like
comedies I was planning on watching all
those movies this weekend never got
around to it to wish it never Vittorio
only to randomly hope we stumble across
one of the things again mm-hmm that's so
much I thought games had finally gotten
behind you know walk around and collect
the things my least favorite thing in
any game ever
uh-huh find 100 hidden widgets well
there's a little more to the game than
find 100 hidden widgets no there's 17
there's 17 widget I guess that's
progress and and a nice atmosphere and a
nice game play to make you feel like
there are bones stealth it's bare bones
stuff but it makes you feel like every
widget gotten is earned I think so at
least I could play in Deus Ex
I got a probably this because we got to
talk about you probably don't have your
save file with you on Deus Ex either
that's what I want to I want to start a
new file in that anyway one time I want
time to get into that and I want to play
it on stream sorry everyone but I'm not
playing that on stream when I play it
that's just for you yeah
there's a little wispy did Jack make
this game die I have been enjoying the
game it's also for me this has been a
game that I have owned for three years
black spoke that's just a that's a fire
and sometimes you'll get raw meat and
then you can light a fire with matches
and cook your raw meat but then it or
you could just light it and it will
attract every robot to the fire as a
distraction if you have matches so like
for me this is a game that I wasn't able
to play three years ago when it came out
because it wasn't available on Mac yet
and so as I as I have my new computer
I'm looking through my massive steam
inventory and I see this game I go oh
that's right this is a game that I just
want to play and rich and I need to film
an episode I bet we can get it you know
getting a good idea of this game in not
40 hours in under 40 hours so we can get
a couple quick episodes done and I think
we'll be able to uh let's see here boom
ba-doom ba-doom anonymous says Jack I
don't know how you ever managed to pop
in on the rlm subreddit with all the
weird shit that is said about you guys
it must be a real trip I don't generally
pop by usually I'll only go by the
subreddit if someone mentions my user
name you know someone will say hey hey
user harlech there's a question that you
might be able to answer and then I'll
pop in that thread but it's I don't just
go to the rlm subreddit to see what you
guys are saying about us that would be
weird
yeah I feel but sometimes there's like a
weird like a technical question like
yeah what kind of what kind of
microphones do they use on our lab I
think you know I think Jack I'll know
this and then oh yeah I know what
I know what's going on I can help you
with that query 40 hours walking around
hope I'll stumble on the shit well
there's a whisper resurrection there's a
wispy I'm not convinced they lead you to
anything I is you know what I that is
true that is an assumption on my part
that the wisps lead you to something I
don't know
anonymous what our favorite nes games
y'all thanks crocodile brain you guys
Rock classic NES diehards and highly
underrated nes game diehard diehard I
never pick it out it's a top-down
shooter but there is you can't see our
blackened off oh there's precisely 30
odd terrorists you kill them all one by
one
uh-huh it's it's great okay
I'll believe you hi streets you minor
things to affect the story like you can
you can follow the events of the movie
or you can not throw the c4 down the
elevator shaft you can you can not do
that it's interesting okay I believe you
because very nonlinear front NES game
town but you know screw that I need to
find I need to randomly run across the
fragments that are hidden throughout the
world and I have to search for them
which means walk around aimlessly
frustratedly trying to find the widgets
or you can go to the boat and go to a
different Island if you feel like it and
I'd rather clear them all off one by one
but then again I have no idea how many
are on this island
I'm sure that's that's game Goods
exploration that's it's frustrating it's
annoying
that's where I started from oh great
well great we accidentally ended up
right back from where we started from Oh
God
oh I think that might be it Oh bother
that was the same link Sarah Chen sent
us earlier to like I said after after
the stream we will download that and try
it to make sure we are ready to go and
next stream for some for some hot and
steamy 3ds action alright we're gonna
follow this wisp yeah see where it takes
you oh there's another voice heading
that direction - alright alright what
are you guys going in fact they're just
randomly going about no I think you have
to assume that they serve a purpose to
detect you if the light flies crossed
you when it's dark out that's gonna be
my guest that would be terrible
something I've seen yet I don't know
these buildings all look the same it's
hard to tell where you start at oh boy
you've better haven't been I think
that's a fair that's a fair complaint in
the in the world where you have no map
everything does look the same some more
some more markers you know some more
location markers would be look the wisps
have led you to a plume of white smoke
gray just this guy you know so Jack
don't make rich play this game he's
already in a bad mood get this man a
birthday cake soda and some doom we're
all out of birthday cake soda
unfortunately still thinking about a new
jack and rich show did I tell you that
idea you've told me about something
while ago I forgot it was specifically
you know what I pitched it to rich and
saying it out loud kind of unsold me on
the idea I think I don't remember what
it was the idea was was steam roulette
oh yeah and basically it would doesn't
I'm different enough for first four
hours of it exactly and saying it out
loud to rich it kind of convinced me of
that so the the idea of steam roulette
would be you know they they have
software where you can sign in from your
steam profile and it will just pick a
game at random for you no matter what
game we land on we play an hour of it
and chat about it like we've said it
wouldn't be very different from first
four hours of to me it would it would
just get us to play more games which
would be very nice but
funhouse already does it oh and other
people are to do it apparently so yeah
it was an idea the the idea didn't land
so we probably weren't gonna do it
anyway but maybe we can do that for
streams sometime a steam roulette stream
sure I need to make inventory space well
you lose an alarm clock because I only
assume you'll use one of those the
bottom of the inventory rich says how
many gems are on each island - alright
oh look at that I like that then I made
this game slightly better thank you
whoever said that I'm sorry your name
has scrolled up yeah
maybe that's something we'll do on
stream is just like a steam roulette
night where we'll give each game an hour
no matter what we land on we'll give it
an hour wish I had a vague idea what the
what size it would be the hearing radius
yeah they should hear it from there I'd
assume you assume yes you're wrong most
of the time
where are we
Cameron Mitchell says hey Jack did you
finish shovel knight' plague of shadows
I know it plays weird at first but once
you get used to plague Knight it's great
also don't forget to close that fucking
door
I didn't only because they just it's
just reused levels with well what the
fuck man if what it's weird huh hope
he's coming back
well that was ass yeah I get a bandage
oh yeah yeah that was as rich where was
I
oh yeah I didn't I didn't played much of
it be only because it's the exact same
levels with just a different character
so I didn't really care that much I
thought it was gonna be kind of new
levels and new things so no I did not I
did not play much of plague of shadows
gamer child do cases hijack and rich
Evans
hello
last dream I commented on seeing Jack
with hair recently watched a video with
rich Evans Mike and Jay circa from
censored names channel rich you were
looking good thanks I'm glad I look like
shit now Jane make a man feel good damn
hammer cap says yo use this towards your
spooky October fun ever play Shadows of
the Damned should I know it's a suit of
51 game oh and it's a big in what is
that one two three four oh you have
space for it no you don't
but you can
boom
boom
so how does help go up how does that
work what do you mean you know always
slowly go back up I believe it has
something to do with your vitality well
I believe if your vitality is under a
certain amount your health won't go up
any more okay so like if it's under 50
it won't rise above 50 or something like
you know I I don't know exactly how it
works but I do think that uh I was at a
point where my vitality was really low
and my health was really low and it
wasn't raising so I don't know exactly
I'm looking forward to a spooky October
fun - we're gonna do some board game
streams some spooky board game streams
it's gonna be great we're gonna have a
great time and everybody's gonna
everybody's gonna love it except for the
people who don't they're gonna hate it
Oh Roberts robots - you're right not
that much right by the tree no here
now run uh where were we
where were we this time it's super
subtract I also like Independence Day
for what it is a jingoistic alien
invasion action schlock movie it has a
ton of quotable lines - a friend of mine
and I used to randomly quote it at each
other yeah like it's dumb it's a dumb
movie but I guess I'm okay with that
Independence Day it's just that way you
know what it's just that Will Smith that
Will Smith is so is so damn likeable so
obnoxious yeah I like them in men in
black I think the only thing I've ever
really liked Will Smith in yeah hmm did
you ever wash watching The Fresh Prince
of bel-air okay that end The Fresh
Prince of bel-air okay I got my movies
oh well Italy okay well listen a lot of
maybe maybe a lot of my love just
carries over from Fresh Prince basically
I say he's a fine comedian mmm-hmm yeah
he has a good community timing
let's see here gamer child two cases hi
James independent saying to complete
schlock he does he doesn't eat which it
look again I'm okay with so that our
strategy we're following the wisps I
mean they were it seemed to work last
time oh now we got dogs to deal with
start coming out after you've done so
much
probably dogs will knock you down and
knock down some of your health and then
they'll also like alert people to your
presence but they won't kill you what
the hell I have no idea oh my god
there's a ton of robots over there they
won't kill you they'll just kind of
knock you down for a little bit gamer
trial UK says hi jack and rich fuck me I
don't keep up with dr4 to keep my hype
in check for revealing first that thing
you said yes Frank West will have a new
voice actor and no timer what the fuck
some people must have bitched too much
that it's hard yeah well they want to
make it dumb mmm dumb and easy
they've ruined Dead Rising for it that's
that's really too bad I know you're a
big fan yeah shit happens
there you go you know what first one
just came out on Steam that's true
that's all you need oh there she is
I was just looking up the other day so I
think you're right about the wisps which
is nice hmm there's no one up there oh
they must have all been hunting me I was
fine yeah yeah I was recently looking up
how many games are currently available
on Steam in preparation for this episode
kind of like why are we doing this
three-year-old game yeah and there are
over 10,000 games on Steam yeah that's
crazy right pause steaming around 10
years yeah yeah lots of people man games
it's gone oh it's great it's just you
know to think about the amount of games
available at your fingertips right now
do you surf eyetality go down more when
you sprint um you know what I've never
paid attention I guess you would think
it would I would think it would
great you had to air everywhere
Oh half of the games on Steam are
expansion packs for train simulator
I believe it Oh check out that guy Jamie
looking for a bit another good game is
guacamelee
yeah guacamelee is a great game I don't
know where that comes from I just saw
that in the chat wait and say Parkers
sorry if you died you know you go back
to your last save point there's no
there's no auto-saves and there's no
checkpoints feels like a cheat dodged
one the safe why you can only save at
boats and at that rock
that's it should be any fuckin saves it
all Jack do you want the tension the
tension well yeah the tension the
further away you get the more you
explore the more likely you're just
gonna have to do some fucking shit over
again
little check that's not a door I'm gonna
fucked up their doors well that's not a
door at all possibly no you know it's
okay I like the the badges and the
achievements on Steam too I know I know
as other some people don't I know rich
doesn't necessarily care about stuff
like that but I think it's fun
that's your thing whatever but if you
play a game and just do that or if you
don't buy a game because it doesn't have
achievements there's there's something
wrong with you right right
well then I do wish so it's really fun
but no achievements though bye
do people say that yeah I've seen that
comment in discussion threads that's
that's the worst
it's like you know this is a really
great game but they didn't include
playing cards oh yeah that's that's even
dumber that's superdumb agreed I can I
can be with you on that though I do wish
I wish there was a better way to turn
off visible achievements do you know if
there's a way to do that yeah I was
looking for notifications yeah I don't
think I ever get them oh I couldn't find
it I couldn't find it the other day and
I really wanted to turn him off I didn't
like him I was playing I was playing
event 2-0 and notifications kept coming
up can you run out of food in this game
what do you mean like like you've eaten
all the food and looted all the places
yeah mushrooms do grow wild they don't
give you a ton of vitality back but I I
assume the answer Bush rooms if they
grow in the well do they actually
respond though ah that I don't know that
I don't know I've never I haven't been
in a situation where I've run out of
food yet you have to turn oh I just turn
off steam overlay to disable
achievements okay I can do that I
usually keep that on in case someone
wants to chat while I'm playing but I
can turn that off
that's the gun shot that's a gun jet so
you want to head towards the boat now
yeah which is the that one yeah so only
one vote on an island I oh no you're in
the main island yeah yeah so there's
four boats going in for DES huh there's
only one thing probably cuz that's the
one you're closest to all right all
right
I would assume I don't know that's right
thank you dramatic a for letting other
people know we we tried to set up our
three DS capture software and couldn't
find it
speaking of mushroom and if you eat it
you'll get all trippy other consumables
yep actually save it for sure
you can't take screenshots if you turn
off overlay though oh that's fine
because usually when I'm playing a game
I'm also recording the footage like so I
don't need to worry about screenshots
because I'm already recording the
footage well you need a mushroom rich
what so far in your limited play of this
do you prefer this or fire watch this
slowly growing on me I don't think I'm
ever gonna love this game uh-huh
but the wisps actually leading you to
the things that helps a lot
yep I thought I followed one ones that
it didn't get me anything but maybe I
got distracted by a patrol or something
before we got there I don't know sure
that's just a fire yeah like I'm on a
run right now or I'm coming across a ton
of raw meat and so I've had to light a
few fires and you know quickly cook
everything and run like hell before the
robots show up I'm on a big rummy run
well sorry everybody I've completely
forgotten about your tips cesarean parts
is rich I wanted to ask you if you were
still having fun with XCOM - sooner or
later I will have fun with it again I'm
not playing it right this moment there's
80,000 different things vying for my
attention right now
okay a caesarean virus is for me
personally I found it had a lot less
replayability than enemy Unknown for
some reason I feel no compunction to
play hard to say that yet I've not
played through it three times so ho okay
Sarah Chen says Jack I'm really bummed
we somehow didn't get the snow for
stages even after so many levels
those are great yeah they have some new
level randomization for necropolis and
Sarah Jenna and I were playing the other
day and didn't come across any of them
also rich how goes the beard I had to
keep it off or something
something super secret in special
something that would involve a beard
glued to your face weird weird beard so
now are you regrowing undecided
undecided okay I hope you feel better
soon
- Ryan Ville we are all tired of movie
remakes but do you think there's a
classic IP that could actually benefit
from a reboot sequel etc maybe something
that was too hokey or unproduced the
first time around why is their vision
that great just peeked at them over the
top of a fence chasing after me to
answer your question yeah we've talked
about this before about like stuff that
we would want to see remade I know rich
mentioned Remo Williams which riches
famous quote is remake the bad 80s
movies which I which makes so much so
much sense oh you also get woozy if you
drink booze we're not taking this fast
right but for me I know I've talked
about it just because it's come up
recently they announced the The
Rocketeer remake which is something as
an idea I'm four I think they can
improve on The Rocketeer
I still love The Rocketeer The Rocketeer
is a great movie before you jump down
the fuckin throat I like The Rocketeer
it's a great movie but it can be
improved upon
great
let's see here anonymous says Jack love
your strategy when picking parts for
your PC lots of reviews high star count
typically works out well loved the PC
build stream keep up the great work you
Jiminy Cricket prick bastards yeah that
one just hit YouTube the PC build stream
and you know I mean that's that's kind
of how you do everything right common
consensus Oh a hundred people have
bought this thing and loved it
chances are it's an okay thing so that's
exactly what I did my favorite thing now
that the now that the PC build stream
has hit YouTube is I'm getting a ton of
comments that I got during the stream
which is just which is just like a ton
of like man that's gonna overheat you're
building it wrong what are you doing and
it's like it's it's been built now for
weeks and it works perfectly settle down
everyone
the Phantom yeah the fans of
