XCOM 2 MADNESS!!! (Part 1)
February 10, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i4kI_9s8U7w

oh well your stuff here's the plan let's
more XCOM to try start fresh and we
start naming people who we can yeah
let's start fresh we'll start naming
sure that's a great idea
ah here's the deal XCOM 2 has been
crashing my pc occasionally for real Zeo
and a couple couple of big crashes yeah
and I don't know but if it happens like
a couple times like how many times
should we allowed to crash before I I
switch to Dragon's Dogma it depends yep
you said it's not only been crashing the
game it's been crashing your whole PC
yes so here's my rule here's my rule for
XCOM if it crashes the game we let it
happen once yeah it's crashed on me a
couple of times I'm playing on the Mac
if it crashes your entire PC done i won
I'll even give crash to the game I'll
give it twice ok I'll give it twice but
if it crashes your entire PC we're
fucking done
well fucking done with you oh hey
everybody welcome crash on me twice
shame on me that's right a horrible
glory Hey we're sticking we're sticking
with veteran
Ironman with the help I've been getting
my ass thoroughly handed to me on rookie
but of course I'm I am a rookie
you know also everyone tell us our what
the fuck sound and our Oh My gods should
be quieter then I was almost certainly
not gonna happen you can explain what
you did well I'm starting this game so
what the fuck sounded it sounds a little
quieter they're always a lot quieter
than the Oh My gods
so done with this you know we're just we
would just be done with the game just
yeah we would switch games at that point
if it crashes the whole computer we
would just be done with the game
Richwood plays find something else to
play oh and we did remember to turn on
the the toilet watcher well something
you forgot last time that I still feel
really bad about it's all the
subscribers
captain epic is saying that what the
fuck is pretty quiet yeah alright what
the fuck is very quiet it's that what
fuck is probably too quiet but the so
what I did was she was the oh my god you
she was the oh my god so what we did is
in the mixer in the audio mixer on
Rich's PC we turned down the OBS volume
because that's where the sound is coming
from it's coming from OBS and so you
should be hearing us at normal speeds
and any sound coming through or coming
from OBS should be noticeably quieter
including the Oh My gods which will
hopefully be an easy fix for us and
appease everyone else because we we are
listening and everyone subscribers and
nonsubscribers are saying that it got
old yeah and we hear you so that's one
of those things that would be funny once
the first time it happens yeah it's
funny yeah that's funny stream that
first day was a funny stream yeah so
there's that we also heard you it's
pretty much unanimous everyone does not
like the green screen backgrounds for
the show for the show what happens oh
well no this everyone loves yeah it
wasn't clear oh sorry oh I'm very sorry
for for the actual previously recorded
to show we will be going back to the
real sets we're gonna we're gonna change
up how we make the real sets to make it
easier on us but we're going back to
we're to the real sets and the and the
rich pixel art cutouts so I figured what
if we get a black one a blue one and a
green one right we're good the and rich
did remember his special Mouse yes space
cop dog hard
the animation was this video yeah every
and the overall gist I was getting from
everyone is even people who liked it
seems just as loud to me we'll see we'll
see how what people say it seems a
little quieter to me test everyone just
said it was distracting and so and you
know what I kind of like the real sets
better and it will literally save us a
day of rent rendering taunt time quieter
people are saying it's it's way quieter
yeah definitely quieter great well then
there we go and you know
twitchplayspokemon I'm with you I in
general I want more I've been trying
very hard to use more game footage in
the edits cuz I think that's just a
general consensus as people like seeing
the footage that we are discussing so
especially like in the Dragon's Dogma
one eye there was a ton of footage in
there okay let's see what we got here
leftover beefcake thank you for testing
this dream tip oh my god I'm glad it's
quieter and ever yes everyone is saying
quieter quieter great great Mario Mario
says greetings from Arizona I love
seeing my childhood games get destroyed
in these speedruns my grandpa passed
away recently after a long battle with
aliens say we're really known for our
speedruns save the frames not the aliens
can I get a high pipe much hype
someone's been watching too much agdq
adgq awesome games done quick it's a
marathon they have I thought it was good
games done quick there's awesome games
done quick and then there's Summer Games
done quick oh okay I like I do like the
speedruns yes
hey guys says Yolo bear bro this is my
first live streaming I wanted to say
thanks for all the great content you
make if Hollywood made a movie about
Neil Breen's ballsack
what would the title be if Hollywood
made a movie about neo Breen's balls I
the the life-giver balls of steel Oh
sack of truth a wrinkle in time I fully
endorse a wrinkle in time ha ha ha now
take it I'll take it the space cover out
enough and too just enough to be
obnoxious I can never find good cover
when I need it unpunched ball like that
riches laughs still needs a volume
adjustments never gonna happen Oh bottom
never gonna happen I I like I like them
I don't like the lack of color cover the
lack of cover goes along with the
theming where every single mission is a
very stressful struggle there's half
cover everywhere you will never ever
find full cover oh you lost one already
I'm so sorry
just gonna oh I'm hacking I didn't know
that I did that I didn't mean to be that
wasn't about that I wasn't being well
you succeeded the maps are procedurally
generated so the spacing of cover is
less thought-out
has less thought put into it is what
they're saying
nice nice
war war never changes that's right I've
been I've been getting into it a little
bit I have um I have a confession rich
what's that I have I have an ex come to
confession ex confession I have an ex
calm fashion
I am the saves come yeah and I feel you
should absolutely terrible every single
time I've done it like three times now
I've done I went through that phase at
first yeah what the first ex-cops
original original ex-con I wanted that
the same who's gonna you grow out of it
okay you become an adult you'll soon
become an adult
um sup boys I have one request Walter
White voice say my name well I will of
course say it lol fuck my cock thank you
for the tip say my name aliens do not
fucking give a shit what kind of cover I
have so saves comes a couple times and
for anyone who doesn't know I so some
people don't know what a saves come is
it's it's a bygone of older games where
in XCOM if like like let's say rich
completely fails this mission he instead
of taking your loss like a like an adult
moving on with the game you can just
reload the save at the start of the
mission and try the mission again your
intended just to go on with the game
losing all your troops but there's been
a couple times where I've really really
wanted to keep some some of my soldiers
so I did and I feel bad and it's called
it's called save scumming because you
are the scum if you say if you reload a
save like that Moki b85 in my first
XCOM to doomed run in a mission destined
to fail I noticed my three-times
promoted Ranger with one health bar had
a slash damage of nine to ten he then
killed five aliens saved the mission no
deaths
that's amazing Moki I do I think I I
might use my ranger my sword attack a
little too often I do find it very
satisfying I was this the equivalent of
the assault class okay in the in the
classic sure which is a class that was
very fond of okay I I really enjoyed
just running up to people and slicing
them in the face it does leave my
Rangers open a lot it's a cover but you
know it happens and shrinky kins can i
get rich to do a space come voice pack
for an ex-con mod sure there you go sure
send us an email prereq at red letter
media calm p re r ec and we'll set that
up for you you tell us what you want
rich to record will set it up for you
that'd be great the randall McNasty hey
Jack hey Rick hey Jack hey rich hey
Randall McNasty hey hey Rama gusty hey
Reynold McNasty leftover beefcake this
riches started a new game so that was
the first yeah that was the first
mission what was he saying
oh right randomly fast II love red
letter media and prereq stuff and I
thought I could at least give you guys
something also rich tits please no not
the pride tits aren't gonna happen
nothing but 100% second successful shot
percentage
I mean someone died but
that yeah you got that so yeah this is
the first mission we will we will name
we will name people in a moment poor
Wilson killed in action I've ever had a
chance it's terrible it's just terrible
commander hello commander it's just it's
irresistible doing that guy's voice yeah
mr. e 3k hey I'm new to the stream what
kind of mics do you guys use what are
these these are sure some kind of mic
arrow
these are shure sm7b s and we have them
going through my zoom h6 these are the
ones that you know we use for streaming
obviously I know rich Jay and Mike use
these for commentary tracks they're just
nice mics to have around this guy looks
like you just it's just a snake like
outlawed cuz snake yeah I kind of love
them look at him people that's what I do
who do I get to kill oh it doesn't
matter just tell me that it keys he's a
professional asshole yeah yeah
and Elmer Fudd she's got like the cheek
jowls alright let's start naming great
who wants to be this person wants to be
cheeky mcdowell either way we need the
keyboard well how do we how do we do
this you just want the first person to
say you want just anyone
yeah bad Milo said me good I add Milo
first name bad last name Milo well fuck
em Aiello I can spell Milo
well I'm just you know I don't know
what's what's bad Milo's biography I do
I love that that you can give us a tow
the lawsuit went rogue after hearing
that Earth's governments had surrendered
to the aliens she would have been like
11 at the time sure I pointed them that
happen that happened in 2015 in the game
time so she went Rogan alone she went
rogue at 11:00 really rumor is that she
spent most of her telling writers only
15 maybe they had they were in a more
for like four years we don't know
hunting aliens for sport at 14 should we
change it to something chemical if you
would like there's a lot of work cuz we
have so many people then fuck it fuck it
okay it's too much work it's too much
name we want to get to the name to the
game name go previous soldier Oh for
fuck's sake who wants to be a
professional dickhead professional
dickhead okay the first person to say
professional dickhead or pro dickhead
either one
hello like thank ok predict head ok jz e
li j like the name j Zelly
ze li JS le was the first to say pro
dickhead that's JY j y ze li JS you know
what that looks like a J's le
he's like yeah I hunt aliens but I I DJ
on the weekends you want to hear my
mixtape and cool wounded stoked a
specialist no our specialist
I like the specialists they always die
but I like him the first person to say I
always die gets it and gets to be the
all of my I love my specialist class but
they they always die on my team and I
hate them I always die there it is
Tiberius Kirk do you know how to spell
Tiberius I assume you do yeah alright um
lag shaming sorry gobbledygook s' who
else we got here wait let's get to the
next mission ok well then oh yeah we
need we need more upgrades right because
those were the only two promotions I
love the that the the specialists make
me think about the engineers from Team
Fortress 2 which is why I love them so
much
which way do you go specialist do you go
healing or attack I'm not sure what I
like it okay yeah you're not that I had
you're not that deep into it this is a
in the last game yeah it was my least
favorite class okay I really use them
if I did use them it was usually as a
medic okay but eventually my battle
doctrine XCOM one was that if you're not
offense if you're not killing the aliens
of that soldier it's a fucking waste of
time and you didn't need healing by
virtue of the fact that you weren't
getting hit because you were just
killing too many aliens that's how I
play the previous XCOM I like that I
like that yeah my battle doctrine was if
you couldn't if you didn't have the
firepower to kill an alien
one term then I have no use for you I've
no use for you I did try like I went
medic first with my specialist and the
only problem is you have to level them
up a couple times but then you only get
two heals
mm-hmm that's it for the whole for the
whole mission I mean I and I'm suck you
know I'm pretty new and XCOM and so you
know like I'd get my two heels and then
I just be that guy would be useless it
is nice the little robot gives a damage
buff yep or I'm sorry of resistance buff
and so you know usually it was making
the robot go to whoever my heavy weapons
guy is you know making my heavy like the
portraits too and make the heavy go out
and you know get a little overexposed
maybe to help Scout the area button rich
read starters I was talking strictly
about the previous game and if things
are different now things are different
and no things are different now they're
still unfamiliar though I'm feeling my
way around the XCOM twos yes
gotta get up a med pack you get six
heals and revive all units yeah oh no
like and so I have two specialists right
now and one is going to heal route and
one is going the attacker out and we'll
just see which one I like better you
know
so I'm liking I I'm liking parts of the
game so far rich actually I'm further in
than rich rich isn't terribly far in
right now so he's not ready to give
impressions yet so far the for me and
you know you guys know me I'm not
necessarily like a tactics person oh
you're starting in the United States Oh
does it does it change up everything
yeah apparently no never I never asked
me
it never asked you know well I started
in Africa and so I just assumed
everybody started in Africa but I didn't
- that's probably that might be some
kind of side effect of starting with the
tutorial I don't know oh sure sure okay
what
starting locations are different easy
game that's cool I like that oh hey
Kevin
don't FX FX s mr. Kevin is Kevin from
fire axes games Robert Lee time oh my
god
all right who was nothin on kool-aid man
says hey Jack thanks for uploading
riches oh my god I said it as my text
message notification I can't wait until
I forget to put my phone on silent
before I go to work and have it go off
during a meeting the first subscriber to
say Jackalope Jackalope Jackalope okay
you know what a jungle of us it's the
it's the fake critter that's like a
rabbit with deer horns when you look at
all the fictional animals that
supposedly really exist you're Bigfoot
yeah you're Loch Ness monsters
the Jackalope is my favorite hmm because
it is so believable yes one the first
person to type in Jackalope was lol fuck
my cock but fuck you spelled to f UK
okay
so first name lol fuck last name my cock
first name lol last name fuck my cock oh
and they spell cock with C okay oh my
god just you know oh by the way that
looks like a fuck my cock totally lol
that is like totally an lol fuck my rich
doctor vector rich didn't say it had to
be a subscriber he just said first
person I said mr. forever huh I said
subscribe oh then that's my bad mmm who
was the second person it was the first
subscriber to get it right oh my god I'm
so sorry I was not paying attention to
rich I never pay attention
mister shy smile okay was the first
subscriber problem easily solved okay
there you go that was my fault
that was my fault for not paying
attention rich
corporal mr. shy smile I love it okay
here we got our team wait where's your
specialist what you got a sniper you got
a ranger
I got weapon upgrades fuck yeah fuck
yeah we got lasers take the shit out of
that okay great weapon name I like that
huh weapon name yeah this right here
this right here's the the blood inator
you don't want your specialist wait I
fucked up I fucked up oh my god that's
okay oh my god
go back where where how do i what did I
do think of it what did I do you started
the mission what did I do wrong do you
start what mission did you start what
mission are you on oh my god I've done
everything wrong where are you doing
it's not like XCOM one I don't know what
I'm doing it takes come to
all right okay now we're a contract okay
who we getting this is who you're going
with yeah no specialist what do you mean
oh they're awarded oh that's okay I'm
sorry I'm sorry I didn't know No
