JESUS CHRIST SHUT UP ALREADY!!!! 7th Guest (Part 2)
November 27, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0GfygGKddFU

I won't have to start again leave who's
gonna leave that puzzle right there Oh
all right great anonymous says no I'm
Jack massage Rich's ego nope
or maybe I don't know sorry you couldn't
figure out the puzzle rich search end
this page not found that's what that
comes up as that link click on one more
time
it is something wrong that phone
MZ Lucas says which way should I go now
which way should I go now which way
should I go now which way should I go
now which way should I go now which way
should I go now which way should I go
now which way should today it says Ridge
which way should I go now today I said
check which way should I go now
the real man says guys how big a tip
delighted descend to getting you to play
my guilty pleasure in this game oh yeah
that's been read I think you I think you
cut up okay I think you've got it
that can happen sometimes rich Mike is
poop over rich Evans over it's double
plug-in hey you know what it was facing
is facing the wrong damn way do I need
to reread those that's fine
no I'm rich I think my life has lost any
sense of direction which way should I go
now it's great it's great you guys know
all the Joe doesn't use Kirk says which
way should I go now you guys know all
the jokes how much do I have to tip for
you to tell me which way should I go now
he'll be back can you give me three
magic can you show me do you know what a
claw Vieira's no I don't know what a
khalaby areas where Sam Jack do you know
what a co-op here is Clum here not off
the top of my head
that's me talking about Oh Jack thinks
it's cute I think he's a big disgusting
bus cat cat he's a big friend smells
he's a big cat what what wait what
happened to tell you straight to the
cans I was in a billiard room now you're
playing the cans
today says which way should I go no
dramatic pause to get you guys to play
Phoenix right didn't bring the 3ds today
crocodile brains disguise this looks so
bad how about Italy dangerous dream I
just started playing and I'm in love
it's like no man's sky but with actual
content lol something something which
way should I something I can I get back
up to the billiard room if I go this is
a Jesus Christ shut up stream this is
why we don't always play the things that
people tell us we need to play them
Nana says I made a left in Hollywood
Boulevard which way should I go now
you need to get to Kohanga that's
another Street I'm trying to think about
who was pushing for this
it hasn't hesitant lately has been a
recent thing we've been asked a bunch of
times in the past it's come up before I
was good usually I think this has come
up in conjunction with like have J plays
yeah yes because it's a horror thing
really really think I want to say that
people are dumb I think I've heard I
think that's what I remember it's been a
while though J Brigade board within a
minute and then he wouldn't even look at
the screen right for the entirety of
headstream and then I would be stuck
doing the puzzles cuz you and J would
probably sitting next to each other in
chatting and I would be absolutely
miserable uh-huh that's how that would
work out maybe that's what they were
hoping for
yeah maybe maybe what they're hoping for
I can't I can't go in any of these rooms
Playtex come sit with a long warm odds
no next time I play X come to it's gonna
be vanilla with the DLCs which I have
not played any of I wasn't fond of some
of the things I I'm not familiar with
what long war has done with XCOM to but
I know long war for XCOM enemy within I
didn't I didn't like what they did the
tactical end like twelve men squads it
just seems seems like they're they're
slowing down what is a very fast-paced
turn-based game
rearrange the cans on the shelves so
that the lettered labels form a sentence
and you would have to do a lot of
rebalancing to to get 12 men squads to
freaking work and I think it's balanced
perfectly as is so I never play the long
war mod for the original but I do like
some one thing I've heard they've done
in the strategy layer so oh well one of
us is rich I'm lost which way should I
go now
Divac mousetrap says is the which way
joke replacing the replacing joke Corp
salade says Richie did well Jack you
need to do better
I just want safe both good luck we're
all counting on you I didn't get me
further than you did means you bad
there's more of these cans oh now I've
now the Lord Belmont you've spoiled the
cans puzzle and you're a jerk for doing
that
well I looked at the book and I said
they do it forms a sentence why is that
one by
by
I don't think you can do this by me I
can't even help you now because I've
read the answer so it's gonna take
longer oh my god
cry Oh Prai is a word right
yeah prize the word
try
this is to two letter words and we just
don't we just don't have any violet well
can you make that's to what I work right
life
mount like like Mountain like Mt
if I read this one how I'm gonna read it
again anyway clubs nod says I just want
to tell you both good luck we're all
counting on thanks barfly
I won't have to start again
animus says hope you guys had a great
Thanksgiving I was supposed to go see my
grandparents but I think I should have
taken that left at Albuquerque which way
should I go now lol fuck my play Rayman
co-op oh great Thanksgiving it was a
very chill Thanksgiving very few a
couple family members over but nothing
have been crazy it's a very it's very
relaxing you know what I did on
Thanksgiving hmm I loved watching the
parade and the dog show yeah do you like
that we're gonna get up early to watch
some fucking floats some blues cute you
know what more than the parade I love
the dog show there's a dog show the the
the national dog show is right after the
parade the kennel of the Philadelphia
Kennel Club really yeah so you get to
see all these horribly mutated dogs
because they've they've in bred them so
fucking much they all have horrible
diseases uh-huh hey where's the library
again look like I've liked it some of
the shit that goes on with pure breed
dogs it's not good that's why I love
watching it my favorite part about
watching it is like my kids watching it
because you know a lot of those dogs are
awful and ugly and horrible yeah so
they're just like oh look at that one it
looks like a dirty mop it's the library
yeah okay we're gonna check this book
again I need another hint
I needed another hint from the book
Laura Larkin says rich was closest to
solving the chess puzzle but Jack had to
fuck it up by saying the opposite of
what rich was about to do jack you had
four heck fraud fuck and whoever
recommended this died in a fire we have
the best fans they want to tear us apart
and and other people in the chat apart
bashful Nomad craftily Anjali
met secretly near my underground vault
so if I'm thinking about the words we
have here we have shy shy I can only
assume like we're supposed to like shy
nomads I'm not so anything and I hope
you didn't see the hint that the answer
is our
oh my my Nana Nana says rich did you get
any games from Steam sale anyway which
way should I go now about city skyline
which I've heard is good oh yeah I was
like seven bucks nice spot a copy of a
Space Marine from Warhammer
which should you buy painkiller I think
I already have painkiller there's more
of these cans
Ashville Nomad is a shy
wonder one is a shy
loner right but that we can't do that as
a shy something needs close by oh by
close by
I don't think you can do this
fuck you too
Helldivers is only 7 bucks boom oh that
was just fun for a little while and then
you're just done with it
by my I just don't know enough words
with no vowels
I can't help you I know you can because
I know the answer I don't buy my shy is
what I got so far okay so basically I
just need words
you know I need words with no vowels and
I just don't know that many words that's
my real problem
I got a C and a G 1 cm 1 G to play
around with
crypts Oh crypt
by my crypt
my mind's eye something by my crypt that
is one
oh good we can do attitude
right
by my crypt
pipes
listen is that a word glisten they spell
that no there's no end we don't have an
end to work with nevermind whatever
what should what's the hint say huh
what's the hint say I forget this is you
should go back should go back and look
well if I look again I think it gives me
the answer
oh I can tell you this it said it said
bashful Nomad so I'm trying to think of
what a different word for Nomad is shy
think of a small man says I can help
rich I'm trying to mod XCOM to to have
time units you time units and limited
ammo grades etc what do you think I
think you like the original XCOM which
is fine my croissants off I kind of I
kind of like the way they do it down
with the to move or move and shoot
system i it's it's a good pace it's got
a really good pace to it but if you
could figure out how to mob that in I'm
sure a lot of people would be interested
to see it
vice-versa man says we should all take a
moment to recognize how remarkable it is
that a self-professed dyslexic can make
any progress here at all go Jack I
figured out crypts that was my big one
that's true by the way that's true very
dyslexic
sticks
like try t ry but there's no
three-letter words so you keep spamming
the answer but Jack's not looking and
the fact that I saw it is why I'm not
helping him right right
shine no man that's if I can you know
like I feel like if I can figure out no
man because like right now by my crypt
shy and by my crypt and pretty solid
you know
and so I feel like I only have these
letters to work with and there's some
narrowing it down Nomad is also a
also a what give me that one give me
that word at least maybe I can you know
Preston nope poke Alex in the eyes is
Jack what kind of jazz did django
reinhardt play huh that's the question
what type of jazz did django reinhardt
I'm assuming that's a hint
Django Reinhardt
I'm not even gonna read any more goddamn
ten tips can't read tents
yeah well you can't do that all's I got
written I look like a nice nice tattoo
oh I read em shit I read them what is
that a snake yeah girl read all dem tits
it says tasty
sorry and chin says thanks for thinking
the rough draft is cute Jack you should
watch Ghibli's when mmm let me read this
when Marnie was there one day the story
touching of the stories touching and
rich sorry if I had offended you I
thought the character was cute you have
an offended man I was being humorous
about me not liking anime it's cute you
did great
yeah you're doing great it's great I'm
not offended please please anonymous
says hey they weren't anonymous the
spoiler was in their username but I'm
not reading that llama says hey ready
I'm in desperate need of help which way
should I go now
she said mom out of words rich take off
you got even spelling it right if you're
gonna try to cheat cheat correctly bezel
I don't have an e I don't have an e Paul
and Jedi says keep up the great stuff
guys read my tits damn okay here's the
here's the hint okay
bashful Nomad craftily agile a meet
secretly near my underground vault yeah
near my underground vaults by Mike Ritz
okay bashful Nomad craftily craftily a
jelly meat secretly near my underground
vault meets gathers
keep that in a place where where we can
we can jolly
secretly poke Alex the I'm not reading
that not amiss Oliver says rich I'm
trying to decide between a man and a
woman which way should I go now hey
Hanna that's something different
but that's your normal as that's a usual
which guy said go girl you never never
know who knows smiley is that a word
is slightly a word
you can just tell me if it's a word if
that is a word says you know like Trent
I don't
s l y ly you know shy something does
something slyly by my crypt
what is it again bashful nomads yeah
Jack's not reading if you want to try
and figure it out in the chat go ahead
yeah waiver its bashful nomads yeah
what's the rest of it
mmm I'm trying to be bashful nomads
something agile II secretly meet
secretly by my cricket bashful nomads
craftily Anjali meet secretly near my
underground vault
so bashful yeah and got that nomads
don't have that incontinent craftily
craftily agile yes and secretly it's
secretly craftily craftily
is like what are you if your crafter you
make stuff you know maker your but also
crafty head like I want to say smeet
secretly slyly gathers slyly
it's secretly
I shouldn't you guys shouldn't have
spoil it in the chat because then I'd be
humping Jack that's the problem is Jeff
doesn't know very manners my words are
not the best hands
JP can you give me a hint on no man
JP versus the world says rich I gifted
you a copy of Just Cause 3 via Steam
check your email it has quality similar
to vanquish hopefully you enjoy it as
much as I have thanks for all you and
Jack do thank you think of nomads
traveler someone who moves around a lot
who does these things gypsy
a gypsy gosh dammit
ah hey you know what what I thought of
it
shy gypsy whore fuck a shy gypsy
craftily and agilely meets secretly by
my crypt shy gypsy
try snow
find gypsy craftily there's no hint I
could think of there wasn't a giveaway
so no Britt you got me got me talking
yeah craftily craftily craftily a Jala
secretly meets secretly specifically mid
secretly sure craftily Angelis secretly
secretly hush silently
why LST our loyalty
Darkwing schmuck says my Thanksgiving
was spent launching the Mystery Science
Theater 3000 marathon which included the
wonderfully terrible space mutiny I say
on the cake was randomly finding the
best of the worst episode the day after
let's just try this out I'm not saying
that this is correct
mom says Jack have your kids told you
the must have Christmas gift they want
this year like an ant farm or a hula
hoop they're all about right now they're
all about Pokemon I don't think this is
a word
slyly
what would you think it would mean to do
something you know in a sly fashion
so in my secret that's what's secretly
is to me is slyly but I don't I just
don't think it's an actual word can you
just tell me if this is an actual word
slyly yes that is an actual word in real
life
so close yet so they're all about the
Pokemon right now so they just want like
Pokemon plush dolls and there's a bunch
of like buildable figures shy gypsy
you know you know Draco's TFM if I
weren't spoiled by the chat I would have
I would have I would have you know hey
hey you know it's all fine
for every cheap chap it's not fair if we
cheat
so a bashful Nomad add jolly bad the bat
bashful Nomad meet secretly by a
crocodile brian says jack here's money
for a beer on me I'm so proud of you for
getting gypsy you fuck hard tree fucker
says I'm playing stardew and can't
decide between wife and Emily and penny
which way should I go now she's new
she's in the update she's the barmaid no
Liam Penny's a sad sack and Emily's
Emily's a nut case I love what is she's
sweet but God she would be so depressing
to live with no no you know what she was
so depressed and could sit with her and
read book they didn't spend Thanksgiving
dinner with like Pam and her mother the
one does what that's two days of your
mouth Thanksgiving and Christmas Leigh
is making art she's making your place
look nice spy spies the word what is it
again bashful nomads a jali
something slightly by my crypt meets
Emily there's a new New Age nutcase
spire spires over pro why I leave her ex
prilae spry Li it's right to be spry is
that it with a why I can't say anything
can't say anything no longer I no longer
have the hint to read Riley these shy
gypsy spry Lee does something slyly buy
my grave Crypt Riley where's the hint
things bashful Nomad scrolled a long
time ago now
oh no no this is Riley gosh darnit
bashful Nomad yeah craftily agile II
made secretly near my underground vault
okay so craftily agile II and meet
secretly
I'm sticking with spry Lee over here if
that's a word
see we receive this works
slightly by my girl
the shy gypsy something spry least slyly
by my grave shine gypsy craftily oh
sorry
a July Lea meet secretly slide by my
chronic crypt I think's prilae is a word
Jack you're not helping you're just not
helping
finally surrounded by my crib atomic
mousetrap says if I ever find the guy
who designed this puzzle I'm going to
push it in his stupid face okay can you
tell some Nashville is bashful
that's what is that one of is shy okay
no Matt is gypsy craftily is craftily is
though is the one I'm trying to look for
okay add jelly spry Lee and meet
secretly and see like slyly I'm putting
with secretly what a sly mange act huh
what a slimy me
oh you know what I'm thinking of like
Sly Cooper oh okay okay like you you you
sneak in is it's not anything like meet
secretly secret secretly are you trying
to say that slyly should go up here is
this what you're trying to tell me is
this why you're trying the the shy
gypsies slyly Spri Lee does something by
my crypt is that what you're trying to
tell me that I have the definition of
slightly mildly incorrect mildly you got
craftily like oh like you know who's
kind of crafty Sly Cooper I never played
it's like he's like just like Cooper's
example because all right I've never
played it I thought he was like a thief
crafty thief but sneaky thief secret
thief sly sly is like intelligent clever
oh and I've always I've always
understood slides mean like like sneaky
alright so meet secretly meets secretly
the shy gypsy slyly Spri Lee
so what do you call it when people are
going to meet secretly that's what I'm
looking at the word letter Z rich this
is not my strong suit
see
let's see here I was really worried
about that's Lila like you're never
gonna get it now you're locked in to the
wrong answer
I gots hey I got this i way it was so
close yet so far
I knew that slighly was a word rich and
isn't that what's important I can't see
a word in here though essentially it's
just unscramble that right right right
right this is the best thing you guys
have ever done this is dildo Calrissian
thanks dildo Calrissian
nothing but I'm not good with words he
said it phonetically were bowed what shy
gypsy slightly sprightly should I have
mercy oh good you can't you can't what I
what I don't flat-out tell you don't
flat-out tell me what do you call it
when like people who are cheating on
their spouses meet up what does that was
it referred to us they're having
something an affair yeah
and then they meet up at the motel 6
because they're you know they're having
you might not know the word I might not
know the word Oh which is great they're
having a what if I don't know the word
Ridge what you know this is good news
for your wife yes they are yes I just I
have never heard of the word I have
never ever heard of the word trysts
before tryst okay well so that's the
problem it's just a word I've never ever
heard before
have you heard that word ain't nothing
that's like that's like a that's like an
1872 word Oh father and the milk me oh
they're going for a tryst holy fuck
well there we hey you know what I got
most of those words by myself and I
didn't even know what wrist was
hunchback Jack says this is tense
I'm loving it great I'm glad you're
loving it
l'anima says rich the strain or mr.
robot which way should I go now
I've heard good things about the mr.
robot I haven't heard anything about the
string so I'll say mr. robot okay which
I don't know either of those things are
my fields
I know tryst but I don't know what
either of those things are referring to
their shows their television shows ow
mr. robot is about a hacker okay and the
strain I think zombies but I don't know
here so I'm gonna say go with the hacker
I've heard things about the hacker all
right well great we can get out of here
now you just joined the stream what the
hell is this that we're watching we if
only there was a the title of the game
somewhere displayed in our stream to
keep questions like that's right
Oh your finger went out of frameworks
it's like oh wait it's like reddit I
think maybe that that question rich was
rhetorical it's very possible that that
was a rhetorical question
almost 900 viewers for the seventh guess
well there you go are the Emmys on
tonight
who gives a fuck right and here's a fuck
about the Emmys I want to get back to
that billiards I got duped I got duped
into going back down to the kitchen
first hey you know what I am great at
Sudoku I want to string with nothing but
Jack playing Sudoku Sudoku isn't words
that's numbers and I am fucking great at
today I heard for a time I was like
addicted to Sudoku it's great yeah it's
a great all that is is logic puzzles and
I am fucking a Sudoku master because my
wife is a Sudoku master but I am also a
sadhaka master when when I worked at the
grocery store
wait no I'm missin I missed it when I
said I am fuckin a Sudoku master mostly
because my wife is this a dhoka master
but I'm also pretty good at it
so you have herself deserving him I'm
fucking a Sudoku master oh I didn't hear
that I didn't catch the fucking part but
I'm also really good at it come on rich
in any case Sudokus great and I'm really
good at it rich you were gonna say
something about Sudoku there's nothing
exciting
I used to I'm slow nights I used to just
have work I'd dig up my Sudoku book and
I just be doing another coma great
Sudokus wonderful great thing on an
airplane trip just a yeah some Sudoku
things Sudokus fantastic I could use the
dough can you ill night they take me a
while up there it is who's the brainer
I'm not more chess
queen was lethal yep in every direction
so here
oh yeah put a queen in every row and
column in a position where they can
touch each other okay I've done one of
these before for something I could never
wear this came up each must be out of
touch with all the others
eight Queens yet must be out yeah
I'm getting up
yeah there though
no no yeah that works you too but no
here
oh that wasn't running
nope nope nope
I might have reduced
far right columns second one down and
then this is the one I don't think there
is many things looser straight on the
bottom this one gets it I think I messed
up
where should I go
oh well I have a second yeah
oh wait
interesting I've done this before
where have I done this before why
I don't know man
I don't know man I got rid of a lot
I don't know
this should be pretty easy to figure out
though let's just start from the
beginning
yep
vote here can't go here can't go here
but it came think think like out a night
yeah that's what I'm
here
here
yeah well we can come back to our income
backed up sure start a night over again
sure yeah then this one go oh we had a
strategy rich but it's not working
we got nothing for this row right right
now they're each taken
shadow leap fences holy shit guys you're
not gonna believe it a ghost just
appeared on my screen what's what the
fuck a ghost a ghost ago was it a shitty
FMV ghost
this game is amazing it's not at all
it's it's it's just it's like random ass
puzzles that you would find in like a
kids book with like a weird ghost story
damnit Rosemond yeah sure this might be
more to reach back sir restart like move
it to the bottom and way to the brain
shows up again like move the cursor tell
that that flat ever since yeah
yeah this is not one of the better
soundtrack pieces well
listen I'm sure I'm sure this is just
one of those like at the time it was
great kind of situations but you know
not everything ages
shut up your stupid game what's our
what's our uptime and let's go check
that out I think I mean to each must be
out of touch with all the others
oh yeah Bruntlett let's stand up again
I would love that too to see like the
twitch algorithm try to figure out why
so many people are watching like an
old-ass cd-rom game great no I wanted no
no I'm getting to be free to be free
no it just have so much memory with the
voice with the voice over which there's
a professor layton slash Ace Attorney
game on through yes I like the Professor
Layton games too I enjoy logic puzzles
like simple logic puzzles
don't it
oh hey get out of here did you come here
that's our I said nothing
well that takes me to the to the kitchen
why huh
why does that take me to the kitchen I
don't know and he's the really upsetting
part you can't go back what you can't go
back to the game room through the oven
really yeah
are you sure I'm sure
huh I wonder like how these actors felt
terrible about like like you guys are
gonna be live action in a video game in
a cd-rom
correct they all killed themselves it's
very possible
don't have a phone yeah they got me
there they probably got paid you're
right they didn't care they got paid to
do what I think of reggae music I don't
know too much about it I've heard you're
Bob Marley's and that's about it I have
no strong feelings for or against
reggae music its reggae
but finding things a little
shut up and let me have my cursor back
here
one of these puzzles I plan to get
around this great I'll need to get
around yes we understand what we need to
do you dick
these kind of puzzles infuriate me
they go yep there you go yeah you got
you got it making sure I got it make
sure it fuck up yep yep we just got it
he's the tile puzzle sliding master
oh the ghost lady
oh you guys I was this amazed what yes
oh yes keep going this way what are you
doing anything No
sure
oh no no I think they were feeling
lonely oh this is the worst
turn around you this is just the dumbest
the fucking dumbest thing it's a time
killer
Jesus Chris Rich give me my cursor back
so I can keep on with this dumb maze the
punishment for a dead end is you have to
stop and listen to that prick talk
feeling no no oh my god
better graphics than doom
failing have a dead end in that long
last quarter that quarter need to be so
long it's just a dead fucking in its
amazement oh my god it's amazing
remember the mace and the chest nitro me
huh yeah I do why I don't know what
sadly I didn't memorize it at the time
and that wasn't asking me to do a third
person a first-person kind of run
through it
oh there wasn't amazing the chest my
room there's a fake-out mace oh they got
me so maybe that had that was yeah like
like like I memorized that shit of
course fuck you
they're saying just to take a left at
every turn
gypsy god damn it said right now is that
the username who made a username
specifically tell me no matters yes
you know what the tape I figured it out
just took me a little bit longer right
now Jack and rich are playing this and
their significant others are feeling not
gonna end any time soon this isn't a
simple maze this is this is an obnoxious
maze you can't like like a maze on a
paper you can at least see it in the
proud tradition of each plant every dead
end there's like ten seconds where I
don't have the mouse cursor and I can't
do anything I just gotta listen back to
things that really matter how many
timelines do you think there are in West
world that's the real question cuz I've
noticed some things that look like
continuity errors oh sorry that's where
you know this is this Dan trips to the
main that's fine
do you want to go look at the maze or do
you just want to try the maze again do
we assume that's actually the solution
that's what they said but they have also
said just take a left at every turn mmm
what do you what do you want to do I
want to strangle the person who made
this
oh wait someone has given us the maize
rich no no we can't learn can't look
that would be cheating look you can look
if you want no no that would be cheating
somebody somebody really really wanted
us to play the seventh guests no here's
the thing that it wouldn't be it
wouldn't be fair to the people who've
asked us to play this in the past before
you kidding you're right and that
someone is that someone else is saying
I'm doing the every left-turn thing is
not correct yeah yeah that's great
that's great
I have not seen the leftover I do like
Westworld Wester other things pretty
damn good
Oh
somebody really liked a nightmare Elm
Street everybody like I'm announcer rich
yeah good film there are two sequels to
this game Darkwing schmuck there are two
sequels to this game that name is
acceptable that's older than the other
doors away for look some of them didn't
open jack timelines in Westeros I don't
want to get into spoiler this is not
even a starting point where's the ending
point I don't think this is anything
unless the solving the chess thing shows
us the right path the right eye here Oh
God we're back on the chess thing oh my
god oh my god why dear Lord baby Jesus
baby baby Jesus it's not a good idea
which is if you see the carpet again we
could take a picture of it then that's
not technically cheating cuz like we
could all sit like back in the day we
could have drawn a picture so that
wouldn't be cheating
timelines in Westworld I'm not terribly
concerned with that because it is a
little time you whiny I don't really
care how many there are there's there is
a time thing second it said which way
should I go now and I honestly I got
sick I I legitimately got sick
oh god I can get I can get the the to
where we got to get the last time we we
did the thing Oh God zombie enteric says
evening gentlemen I just got hearing
can't believe you're actually playing
this game I'm surprised you're not more
pissed off by nano god speed we've been
solving puzzles
oh we're plenty pissed but we're here
man
we're here we're playing it's the
seventh guests who's great look at that
eyeball it's great Cerie genesis rich
you're so adamant about anti-cheating
that it's almost admirable actually
thank you I'm Jed Jackson and I had to a
teensy weensy teeny bit for don't starve
together otherwise innocent people would
have been stem that's true when when
Sarah and I were playing don't starve
together we cheated
I wouldn't say in HD weensy bit we
cheated a lot and don't starve together
mostly because I was really bad at it so
it was a mercy she go
to your grave
that's where I'm gonna put you dr.
saleon a says we're solving at a rate of
one puzzle every 1.5 hours that's
probably normal for a game like this
yeah probably
we're rich rich plowed through that
chess Queen one that was remark like
nothing like it was like it was a oh
yeah like a like a coked-up Charlie
Sheen going through some Christmas paper
man it was crazy Jack I feel bad now cuz
I did not notice any errors in Westfield
there there were something that was
either a glaring continuity error or a
time deviation glaring like after
episode one glaring and so I with all
the other time you whiny stuff that's
been happening I assumed it was another
like timeline thing it has to do this
will be hopefully spoiler free one of
the livestock that was printing storage
shows up in later episodes is the
unspoiled
if you know what I'm talking about if
you're Westworld watching then you'll
know what I'm talking about which way
should I go now
it's not it was not Brad writing if
anything it would be it would be a just
a casting continuity issue no no no
spoilers I was vague enough only people
who have seen it would know what I'm
talking about which way should I go now
snuke that's what I'm saying I think
that was done on purpose for it for a
tiny thing
Darkwing schmuck of the show it
basically has the same premise as the
movie but it's it's different it's
different we should I go to hell
dr. Smoketree says he doesn't need to
solve this again but average didn't
solve it the first time mister we she
needs to solve it once the point of this
is when you when you solve each of the
puzzle you get more of the story your
reward for solving the puzzle the point
of this is that when when you insist we
play a game it's not always a good idea
so this sometimes rich and I make
executive decisions not to play a game
because we don't think it'll make a good
stream you know what it's possible that
we could be wrong and so you know as a
as a show of like hey maybe we could be
wrong we every once in a while we try it
out you know
my god wrench I feel like you're so
effing close it's fur it's so far no no
which way should I you see it wait do
you see it yes stop what you're doing so
in the middle yeah that black one right
there now before you do anything yeah
you can move him up one mhm only here I
can't move a pair which way should I go
now right but you could move him up one
there yeah then the bottom one yep yep
which way should I go maybe I didn't
have it
I can't hear at all which way should I
go
make you a second which one should I go
down q for a sec rich
which way should I go
okay my wait can I look at everything
the steps
hey that God look look she's gonna look
just for a second just for a sec you
sick
which way should I go now
feeling alone and cephalo pathetic says
what did you guys who did you guys hurt
in a previous life to deserve this which
way should I pass the spirit of my must
have punched Gandhi or something
fuck Gandhi and quit insomniacs as rich
plus Jack it might not cheer you up but
I am crying laughing at this dream thank
you gentlemen
lol pretty my rank well I'm glad you're
enjoying it hopefully you're not I'm
stuck Jack I'm stuck I see that rich and
I don't have a goodness it seems like
you are so yet so very close so far
right it seems like you're so close
I'm checking the chicken stay in the
stream here they're gonna give me some
hints
which way should I go now right censored
lloyd beets I don't believe that one
will work
no that won't work because the white one
was there
solve the white blocks first they aren't
related to the black box you don't need
to move pieces on both colored blocks at
the same time that's just distracted
yeah right
so just worry about the ones on the
white box which one should I go now or
the black box whatever you're working
right so how do they dance around each
other
where can you hide it so the other one
can move don't worry about the black
ones I'm working on the black well how
you're working on the black box okay so
now where can you hide it which way
should I go now which one I go now
all right
can't move it anyway
so elegant
almost 800 people transfixed by this
god-awful bullshit Congrats well hey
this you know this is the game which way
should I go now why should I go favorite
customer says they got it I'm so fuckin
happy for you
which way should I go now yes favorite
coaster has it they were guessing I'm
just mischievous my hot shit here riches
onto some hot shit here I don't know oh
hey they were with you they were with
you for a second very rich they were
with you I think we've been here before
we've been in this exact position before
yeah we were yeah
which way should I go now I don't know I
didn't know
everyone who was like all with his now
saying oh damn which was only three
moves away then he back trapped click oh
I'm clicking on you I'm what I'm looking
at what you're gonna say click Oh tell
me what you got which way should I go
now
Quico I'm on you I'm watching you I have
you so load if you just tell me you know
we'll get to a space and you just tell
me what to do
no spoilers jack ah well I want to know
how to how to win it I'm not gonna tell
rich you tell me how to win it rich
isn't paying attention to chat right now
it's just me which way should I go
oh this is the worst game of imagine 20
should I go now
which way should I go that's true Ryan
from mi V so the point of this game is
moving the bishop tonight the white
started on the right and you need to
move them to the left and the blacks are
on the left you need to move them to the
right but they can never rest in path of
their enemy in the path of their enemies
which way should I go
so so for example you'll notice that the
white ones on the black are not in the
path of any of the black ones on the
black and they can't they can't rest in
their enemies line of the site and so
you have to try to move the pieces
without having them rest in their
enemies line of sight I don't know how
to do this some close yet so far right
looks incredibly tricky which way should
I go
that's just gone backwards you know I
know that's just going backwards but
Jack do it oh I don't think I'd be any
better at it I'll be quite honest with
it
which way should I go now
have you ever been to Canada yeah I've
been to Canada my family up in Canada
I've been to Canada a few times I like
that kanata lovely country which way
should I go now Jack please take over
and refresh the puzzles like that so
visually confusing I don't know which
way should I go
the thing is rich you need to remember
oh oh oh
should I go now
rich this is the furthest you've gotten
yet which way should I go now down into
the right Kent
no I can't go hero somehow he is
Jebus crisper rich what are you gonna do
what are you gonna do I don't know jack
which way should I go can't have that
one right can you move that one at all
without like no you can't move amazing
either direction
for the love of Christ scattering which
we shake riches gotten really close here
really really stupidly close
which way should I go now
which way should I go now okay I'm with
you I'm with you what do I want he came
he came from down here from down there
so move him up there and now you have
two pieces that you just respond so it
should be simpler yes yeah yes which way
should I go rich you did it rich holy
motherfuck
wait now look at that look at that
puzzle whoo hey nice one wrench yep I
don't I don't think this is related
because this maze doesn't seem to go
anywhere that maze does not have an
ending or big I mean it has a beginning
that maze does not seem to have anything
to do yeah an unrelated base that's what
I'm gonna oh man that was great that was
great that was rich rich be to beat all
the puzzles that's it that's it for this
room that's it for the whole room I
think so oh my god right
oh it's a mirror that is the maze is
that what they're saying alright I'll
take another look there's no I don't see
anything that appears to be a
destination all right
it starts does the only thing resembling
an entrance right yes unless that's the
exit but where you start if that's the
exit right well here's what we'll do
wait hold on there's an arrow on the
right of the maze the maze has an
entrance and an exit arrow on the right
side
oh the exit is right next to it oh god
that's awful which one do you start at
my guess is the left I don't know
because it makes a huge difference you
know right how do you know which one you
start in I think we started here I could
be wrong
I remember some curbs but it started
right I don't know I don't know do we
want to take a picture
what did solving the bishop puzzle even
do I don't know actually there was no oh
hey we didn't get a little story update
after some time the bishop puzzle
fucking it's fine go through here the
first fork in the road right left right
left straight though they're saying the
bottom is the start and the top is the
exit top is the exit now so you go
should hopefully they're straight
straight straight straight straight
straight straight straight I don't think
so I don't remember this many corridors
that we straight straight straight
straight
straight right honey so the ninth one go
right yep then go right it 9th on the
right on the ninth one right again right
again and right and then left
no yeah Oh God let's take a picture I
took a picture you did you can see the
arrows I I cannot see the arrows I don't
know what you're talking about
what arrows are you talking about I
don't know that is a left jack what it's
fine everything you know I got a picture
of it my phone ran out of batteries
so we're fucked really
but I think someone gave us the take
your picture my phone ran out of
batteries so someone send us that end a
picture on the fucking Internet oh I'm
gonna google it I'm gonna google it now
are you
where are these arrows they're talking
about that are obvious I have no idea I
that's that's just that's just there's
an opening here and there's one right
under it yeah I can't see which is which
but there's not an arrow pointing to
either one I'm with you okay yeah I have
a picture I have a picture without
without any without giving it away so
just as if I took it taking a picture
right all right great
I found it which is really into a game
he hates we're playing a game each
entrance has an arrow perhaps your
brightness is turned down since they're
black like the maze it's fine it's fine
what happened to our sound I don't know
is it weird that the sound one bit is
apparently the game ran out of sound hey
all right well that's fine I mean
whatever don't turn it back on you you
people were oh wait wait I'm gonna get
in here Oh get it yeah turn it go do the
yeah I don't know they don't leave the
sound off need audio clues though yeah
are you feeling lonely think of right
wait are we saved probably not but you
should
don't draw the thing just save the game
here's a game option I want the save why
are you going through maps is this how
it saves no these are the puzzles we've
completed they say you clicked on a map
you didn't click on save how do I get
out of the map on that one pixel on the
top left in the blackness if it wasn't
obvious select a number one name it
there's no space
fuck e fuck you
fuck you bitch
okay
farewell oh wait wait wait wait wait god
I'm never started so we can get the
sound what what sound am here's what I'm
worried about what are you worried about
well just restarted now we'll see we'll
see what happens what I'm worried about
is you clicked farewell after the save
instead of okay well then we know how
the stream is gonna end Touche
motherfucker oh god dammit
are we still streaming oh my get out
Wellcome to my there we go hold on no no
we didn't stop we're still streaming
there we go we're still streaming Oh No
so it's not actually saved cuz you
didn't hit okay and we are done we are
done
yeah I mean we're totally done we're not
doing any more farewell hey you know
what we made it through a lot of the
puzzles and we and we know what the 7th
guest is all about now rich and isn't
that worth something
no okay great great
we did it everything's fine and we did
it we did everything we did I don't
think you're taping you got an arrow
going oh how long we've been going oh oh
you want to update it no I can do that
uptime oh that's a perfectly decent
stream Oh ours is a perfectly decent
family it's perfectly and now I never
have to play the 7th guest again exactly
boom done boom at least we got this gem
of an observation this pie is a word
that's the gem of the observation Spy is
a word hey I figured that fucking puzzle
out with very little help only help
knowing what one goddamn word was cuz I
didn't know that it was a word so you
know No
now is the time that we take to say the
things that thank the people who
subscribed during the streaming of you
these are all of the people who make our
misery possible yeah
mr. Pibbs 18 months a neurosis if my
anniversary was in years instead of
months it had finally be legal oh I get
it
ex Mensa 429 fucking months in a row ex
Mensa says t 7g enjoy the badly D
interlaced go Tiberius Kirk fifteen
months in a row says I'm the master
rapper and I'm here to say I love fruity
pebbles in a major way the bedrock
yellow orange purple Lyman red but to
get the fruity taste I got a trick Fred
Barney my pebbles Barney my rebel's hmm
a little fruity pebbles in a beige or
white the bedrock yellow orange purple
Robin red but to get the fruity taste I
got a trip friend Bonnie my pebbles
Wendy one welcome
mokey p85 29 fucking months in a row
mokey be 85 cents
for me and I'm unsubscribed and all I
get is the 7th guest oh my god lunar
arch on for twenty seven fucking months
in a row let the misery commence you
buzz says moto macaws nack 17 months in
a row Dookie 69 says two months big
cheap hope you guys get the money lol
fuck makanda tyranny Soros Rex
my real name is Don gonna be great for a
four stars out of 50 says switch rumors
suggest
the premium version will be bundled with
splatoon why not something good like the
new Zelda or a new Pokemon what's your
opinion
keep up the good work well so on their
own and you're just giving it away if
you bundle it that's why I'll make more
money yeah and you know what splatoon
they know that's not gonna cost them any
extra money they've already made that
game yeah yeah and you know what it's a
good game I'm really enjoying splatoon
yeah yeah that's mirrored I was weird
but you know overall is a good game so
they're they're also hoping to bolster
their like splatoon base it's a duper
holster the splatoon base and then I
still sell the fucking Zelda poop dick
5079 what game is next up on your wildly
successful series Jesus Christ shut up
already
you should do a stream of Civ 6 lol poke
my pogo stick well one of these times
it's gonna be Knights of the Old
Republic and you guys are just gonna
have to squirm through that as I play it
yeah yeah won't even be me you playing I
think I made a plan right because that's
that's that's what's gonna make me love
the Star Wars unconditionally oh is it I
think it specifically aimed at me oh
well there you go
yes yeah that's probably next unless no
no no it's gonna be you what it's gonna
be you playing I'll hate it
yeah that's great oh great I am loosing
Harald fairhair says thanks for all you
do you hack frauds heliosphere 1969 says
hey guys thanks for 6 months of streams
fabulous fier oh sorry oh it's the
fabulous fier
4 and the fabulous few houses were
Chester visas varchar vivasvan divest
valve under from worshipping witches
wait for the wait to just get on my
giblets were Chester weasels what
Weaver's wander West were wonderful
worshipping witches wait to gestate on
my giblets
Bouck Alex in the eyes fabulous yeah
says my only regret is that I have got
one twitch Prime subscription to give
well thank you fo calyx in the eye SiC
hole 12 months in a row
John 1089 14 months in a row that was
unintelligible
I'm sorry I started doing the the
fanciful German thing and I went with it
Jetta the gestate and giblets did not
work well with my German accents and so
I'm very sorry
minty cyanide J kid Oh 8 14 months in a
row Theodore J hooker for 27 fucking
months in a row just 9 months shy of
three years general Garth says fuck yeah
I've been watching this stream since day
one love you dude keep up the gibbering
and settle down channel ha ha ha ha tiny
tic-tac this sub has officially lasted
longer than my most recent relationship
that's ok the new guy my mom is with
isn't so bad
ok turn both eyes out since I said beer
darlin and a FedEx employee asked what
was in the box panicked
said VHS tapes he insisted on looking
inside and I denied him saying ah it's
kind of personal
probably thought I was sending weird
pervy VHS tapes ups didn't care
well we look forward to either your
pervy VHS tapes or here be here
dr. soya days for 19 months in a row dr.
Swain says I recently started a stream
just so my friend can watch and laugh at
my crappy gaming skills he's already
made a list of games he wants me to play
and I don't give a shit about any of
them
you guys have my sympathies also you
should play the Neverhood only child
says I joined tonight's stream an hour
late and you were talking to a pirate
ghost not sure if I want to know how you
got to this point a series of bad life
decisions that oast dildo Calrissian
might be my new favorite name Hamburglar
is that Hamburglar yeah El Pollo Diablo
six five seven cents which way should I
go now which way should I go now which
way should I go now are you feeling
lonely a clockwork Stalin 25 fucking
months in a row Hunchback jacket 18
months in a row says thanks guys for a
year-and-a-half prereq goodness easily
my favorite twitch channel thank you
Thank You professor physics 24 months in
a row professor physics has two years of
highs and lows and this may be one of
those dim salmon's 15 months in a row
says rich as a massive George Carlin fan
I wondered if you ever listened to his
audiobooks that he personally read and
if so what is your opinion on him pinion
on them thank you for all the laughs and
entertainment as always funny things you
mentioned that on the way to Karen's
mother like you know for holiday type
stuff oh my god we were listening to one
of his audiobooks I remember which one
it was
yeah cool I enjoyed it I enjoyed it nice
the dude in 1944 for twenty three
fucking months in a row a Michele 87 27
fucking months in a row says this mazes
awfully corny Kappa
like a corn maze maybe maybe maybe
cheaper less Lando was taken twenty six
fucking months in a row says what would
baby buggy bumpers space come Oh 427
fucking months in a row here's to the
next stream we're rich and Jack
completes weapon zone 19 says Nebraska
sends its love your way thank you thank
you everybody thank you for subscribing
to appreciate it and we hope you enjoy
we're never play the seven guests
