Spooky Jump Scares
October 9, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KsJ2YNYfegI

co-ceo says as a German this election is
mind-boggling to me it's about
discrediting the other one with Hillary
having the mass media on her side does
the truth ever matter never matters
never matters in Canton be sure the
truth this and the mass media is on no
one side that is something that I mass
media is on the side that will get them
ratings yes if anything didn't didn't we
learn this during the primary she wasn't
wasn't wasn't Hillary and the emails
telling MSNBC what to cover who to cover
and how to cover them no no that was
something I thought that was in the
leaked emails
no that was overhyped they were they
were all they were doing was sending out
press releases oh god like every
candidate okay and I think it's been
shown that the media overwhelmingly
gives Trump more airtime the only
problem is they're only giving him more
airtime because he's saying dumb shit so
no there's no there's no bias there
they're doing whatever they think will
will get them the ratings and it's
mostly Trump
look that's spooky oh well that's
adorable that's spooky
nothing yeah those the the not Hillary's
emails but the DNC's I get personal
server emails yeah yeah yeah those
things that were stolen by the Russians
yes yeah I know exactly what you're
talking about they want to influence our
elections they're not dumb Spooky's
that's not what I wanted to do
get it together Spooky's hold on spooky
spooby the head that was my hairdo says
firstly thank you for taking my
suggestions on this game second did you
know that the ishtar website is still up
in all its geo cities glory o-tar the
movie comm that can't that has to be the
Ishtar website has to be after the fact
this chart was like 80s right yeah there
wasn't an internet then earlier we know
there was but I wasn't something you to
advertise a movie yeah because the
public did not fucking have all right
I do believe the first movie to have a
website was space gym no that's that was
just a horrible like that was just an
infamously bad okay okay
that was just an infamously bad website
that was mid-90s yeah Ishtar was like
mid to late 80s and what's 87
there's Tower 86
it was the first web yes it was just the
first website in general they tried to
update the Space Jam website and
everyone complained because they loved
the fact that it was just shitty yeah
they had to change it back okay turkey
burgers too says libertarianism is the
old man's stay off my lawn stay off my
lawn equivalent to a 19 year old
socialist hippie how come I can't ignore
everything that isn't me
right right okay spooky
sorry chances hi you two just got back
from my cruise and exhausted welcome
back Sarah Jeb can't get you any
souvenirs oh here's some money
thank you so are we just doing a spooky
game each stream for October supposedly
no we've already missed it supposedly
know what we've already missed it Oh
Wednesday yeah
so what's the game here Oh I mean
Spooky's me into this is amazin tad any
jump scares yet
it's just like okay I don't know I don't
know I have no idea what's going up game
is barely audible okay hold on all right
hold on nope yeah we're yeah pop pause
well you got a deal with that that's
just something you have to deal with and
I'm very sorry okay it's about to get
spooky we're in room eight oh this this
pad is just the worst it's just the
worst it thinks everything isn't right
click now oh god I'm sorry
all right looks like I'm caught up
great again we can enjoy this game okay
I'm running I don't know why I should be
running but I'm running hello first
movie and have its own website was
starting with Stargate love started by
roland emmerich that's true okay I can
see they can kind of see that do I have
to run to make the jump scares pop-up am
I trying to get jumps Kosovo maybe
they're building up to them I don't know
I got one so far a ghost
I am I just hit it was pretty awesome it
just happened randomly yeah I was
running I was in a hallway I've ever
turned a lot of people off this game
just by calling a jump-scare mansion
well I think I think it's supposed to be
a joke yeah does anybody like jump
scares they have to cuz they keep
selling right oh you're like five nights
at freddys right they're getting into in
the game we just want to watch other
people play though oh that just come out
of the wall
I wonder yeah what are they setting you
up for what I'm gonna make a prediction
okay they're setting it there's all
these cute jump scares ya at some point
there's gonna be a truly horrifying one
cuz they're catching you off guard
because now they got you believing that
the jump scare is just all cute yeah ah
there's gonna be I'm there's gonna be a
horrific one somewhere in this game
today yes I'm seeing in the chance
someone assange the goal of this game to
beat this game you need to get through a
thousand rooms
I can do it that's Peter on the shit at
first this place just seemed cute
but I've been here for days now I'm
feeling quite parched now and I keep
getting this field like I'm feeling like
I'm being watched by something this is
not romantic at all no it's not there
are no soon so these rooms if you see a
table yeah shove it out okay I know
something is following me but I feel
like I'm prancing through the same rooms
over and over hopefully leaving notes as
breadcrumbs will prove I am making
progress in reaching some destination I
just hope I don't run out of ink
I am dreadfully thirsty
their paintings look at spooky painting
it's fucking that's fucking spooky rich
that much if you go the door you came
from or cirno's door behind you is there
a door behind you when you come in room
39 just can't open okay I'll always
always forward forward always sure sure
so that's a Luke Cage reference you know
what there's a little cage it's a little
different
hey you know something fun rich look
something fun that something something
fun and something not so fun that we can
share with our viewers yeah is our
YouTube channel has recently reached a
bit of a milestone oh my god
I'm acting shocked even though you told
me when you showed up earlier cuz it's
fun news we have now our YouTube channel
has over 10 million views that's amazing
I think it's naughty I think it's great
we have over 10 million views on our
YouTube channel I'd feel better except
we're kind of nickel and diming it I
fucking take it anyway mm here a few
thousand there make it how you say I
will sure sure how about that I'll take
it
I'll take it but our fame comes at a
price what price is that for the past
couple of weeks I have been getting a
shit ton of emails from mostly indie
game developers oh yeah requesting
verification that we requested game keys
they say hey I got a weird emails from
rich Evans of friends previously
recorded it was from a weird Gmail
address though and so I'm just
double-checking something like they send
it directly to our you yeah yeah Channel
and so I've had to write a bunch of
emails back to game devs gone
that was not us we never request game
keys yeah you you're being scammed and
I'm really sorry and most of Osho but
you know he was a game key if you want
it anyway
yeah yeah like most of our really cool
and I found a way huh on how to report
false oh good game email accounts in so
I send them the information like here's
a report it impersonation is again
Gmail's Terms of Service good and so if
you want to report them here's how you
do that Inc not quite quenching my
thirst taste is terrible stains are
terrible
I don't think drinking it was a very
romantic idea so heads up anyone who
okay
anyone who is developing games we don't
ask for game keys ever ever ever and we
have an official email at red letter
media prereq at red letter media calm
I found something today to satisfy my
unromantic first I woke today from a
booth faint I found before me a bottle
of red wine I'm not sure what brand oh
yeah a strong metallic that's site this
time it's lupus says hey rich and Jack
question about the blanket voice are the
complaint / analysis a compilation of
all the rlm crew or is it mostly mike
how much input does everyone have into
what goes in rich this is this is your
answer here uh yeah I mean I don't I
don't want to take much credit at all I
mean Mike writes the blanket reviews on
his own you know though to be fair like
with the Phantom Menace like we talked
about that movie for like a decade
before he wrote that and so there are
points I remember just bringing up to
him in there like I think the first
thing I said to Mike after I saw the
film because he worked a theory actually
got into a special super special early
screening before I did I said I didn't
see it with Mike but I saw it I first
thing I said when I saw Mike was who the
hell was the protagonist so I fucking
know that came from me but I mean know
that he wrote the script on his own I
did with some of the reviews I I took
notes with him I did not not never
remember you he's done the ones I the
ones I kind of helped a little bit by
watching the movie with him and just
taking notes it was the the Star Trek
next gen movies and the the prequels we
watched those and we we tried to figure
out like what the pal
team plot was yeah I remember that was a
that was such a fuckin headache to find
out if Palpatine was actually doing
things that made actual sense I don't
know
and there's there's a lot of me in
probably specifically the first contact
with you because I push Mike to do that
because I can't stand Star Trek first
contact when when Star Trek the first
started to become action schlock I can't
stand that movie it's a lot of me in
there I brought up like the the room
with the view like what the fuck is fun
oh and from nemesis yeah I was the one
who said that Picard she descent Worf
over yeah with the gun that's very frank
Oh in that 100% mine yeah I had nothing
to do with him the his Titanic review is
the force awakens of you and done to do
with that I'd meant to do what the was a
cop dog which what which is the goofy
dog when he did baby Kyle I think was
cop dog and eating cop dog his day out
he did maybe say I had nothing to do
with any of that my biggest contribution
was just watching the films of them and
taking notes yep and sometimes I helped
shoot the live-action stuff I know for a
lot of the that uh the tail of Nadine or
the revenge of Nadine like I helped
shoot a bunch of that uh you know found
locations and and just helps here or
there behind the camera but any of any
of the writing none of that
besides of course what I said on camera
as me on camera that was on me cold star
XV 86's high J&R; I'm learning Romanian
to impress a girl I like I fight it
beautiful but hard to translate some
concepts ever dealt with English second
language speakers with humorous results
lolol track you penis ooh Moo
not really but I've known some people
you know who spoken English is the
second language
I have no humorous stories though of
miscommunications ball-ball says I think
the scariest game I played this year was
X come to 79% chance to hit more like
21% chance to fail where would you like
to see the story go for XCOM 3x come
three more what I like I don't I die
that's so worried about the story I mean
for two I was half thinking they should
just ignore the story and basically do a
retelling of one you know just do the
same thing but add add what to him right
but the resistance thing they did was
fun I have no thoughts on what they
should do next but you're doing it I'll
say this much my necks come any X cannot
just not just - next time 1 & 2 if
you're looking at a 79% chance to hit
and you're thinking that's a 21% chance
to fail you're doing it right that's how
you play XCOM right that's 21% chance to
miss wholly ceases Batman
gruff Nick military says hi rich and
Jack oh just a tip to let you know you
may have saved several people's lives
about a week ago the story will take a
few tips to convey but a happy ending I
promise two episodes to come interesting
we saved life apparently some stupid
thing we said on the stream may have
saved a life which hey cool I mean it's
great if we did
oh hey you have a high-score Jack
congratulations great house neat Oh
arcade machine inside Spooky's the
United States have no isn't uploaded
anywhere and there might be there might
be a music issue with that I don't know
oh there's I mean there's a ton of
copyrighted music in that yeah yeah if I
remember I don't I don't remember what
they use sound was so if I remember
correctly there was a ton of of just
like random in a situation like that
there's probably some kind of music
issue that would require completely
re-editing it from scratch right and
then who knows I mean I'm sure J and
Mike have the original footage somewhere
or maybe it's lost I don't know well it
possible in who knows if they have the
original footage like on a tape or on a
hard drive yeah if it's on a tape then
you got to find a camera to readjust it
and that's a lot of effort for for
something that might not be worth it
so wait are they finishing that story
about how we saved lives oh not yet
there might be another tip said it's
gonna take multiple tips Oh
so why the switch to air TV on the main
site will you guys stop uploading to
YouTube something I'm not familiar with
yet I don't know what you're talking
about
graphic military says Episode two
I work at a PC with headphones it was
end of quarter very stressful and hectic
about to go postal but then I found that
old stream ears that may have seriously
saved the day
okay oh you were about to go pose oh so
we saved lives by calming down graphic
military brat I'm doubting that we're
not gonna donate to say that but a
multiple posts I didn't think it was
wine hang in there jack so far this is
more amusing than five nights at freddy
looks like it so I'll take it
part two right
that was my play kick that's my blanket
voice it's not bad it's not bad ah no
look it's like cardboard
I like Spooky's welcome bacon bacon
bacon bacon and pancakes makin bacon
pancakes
welcome bacon bacon pancakes the bacon
bacon pancakes I guess Oh baking bacon
pancakes that makes sense that makes
more sense of a niacin on red letter
media the new reviews are embedded -
aired on TV instead of YouTube I haven't
had like a discussion with J or Mike
about this I'm assuming I'm assuming
they are wisely trying to diversify
yeah and not put all their eggs in the
YouTube basket so the one when YouTube
eventually does something stupid that
ruins YouTube we're covered yep I I did
I was unaware of this yeah I was too
probably because it wasn't a big deal so
I go there's a different side to
location too that's good right
that would be my that would be my
thinking that's aired on TV now just not
more curious anything I haven't even
heard about aired on TV oh I don't know
how much longer I can go on I haven't
seen any of my previous notes so that
means either I'm getting somewhere or
someone is taking them
there's who's in this room
I don't have to check out air top TV no
sounds like a good idea
uh yeah unless I wonder if that's the
Adobe site there's some big news a big
update is this an episode that's about
to be that's about to come out from red
letter media Jay has edited on Premiere
Pro oh my god I've been oh oh crap but
ah you're being chased being chased
that's the thing that's happening I
didn't notice that okay
I've been talking a lot with Jay
recently Restless told scoop we need
more funds for sedatives No Oh cardkey
is that a philosoraptor head yes I think
it is kind of Awesome how'd you get out
of here oh oh probably one of the doors
that was locked before is now unlocked
Jay has been has been hitting me up with
a bunch of questions regarding regarding
Premiere Pro and how to use it properly
good and I believe he's making he's now
officially making the switch over to a
faster editor which hopefully means that
uh you know it's he was talking about
how great it was getting getting a movie
trailer in because when you work with
Final Cut what will have to happen is
you know you get the trailer and then
you have to import the trailer and
transcode
- something that shit that final cut can
see like ProRes but with Premiere Pro
you can just drag and drop that shit
right into your timeline and premiere
will just start you can start editing
right away
you don't need to transcode it looks
like this actually has a little bit of
game in it now and now that we're
getting to room 126 it's crazy
that's dumpster oh sorry no so just the
end of the end result will be hopefully
faster editing which means episodes get
done a little bit faster which means you
guys get episodes you guys get episodes
faster so all good things
Groff military says part three mmm-hmm
the stream was frog fractions do you
remember goofy music Rich's laughs and
Jack's gradual realization that he was
going insane cheered me up probably
saved co-workers at least my job
thanks you're wrong and there was sorry
we stopped them from going poster hey
you know what that frog fractions stream
that was that was a favor and you know
like I keep that in the back of my head
as far as fun streams as well and as far
as like being willing to try new games
yeah yeah I'm saying we should never try
new games I'm straight oh I know but
that way that was a that was a joyful
stream frog for actions not every not
every new game is going to be from what
most of you I was familiar with it that
she has one that's why I suggested the
clay that's right they ever released the
sequel supposedly because they had a
Kickstarter right forefront from
fractions fractions too and they were
going to release it just so they can
catch you off guard again it was gonna
be called something different and then
we're going to announce that it was the
follow-up the front fractions at least
not right away
so did it already happen and do we know
what it is I don't know
I know nothing about it I know nothing
about it is it is it debate time it is 8
o'clock you're right anyone interested
in presidential shenanigans you can put
the debate on we're not going to I'm
sure I'll see some clever clips of it I
think this is my last note I'm going to
die having never found my escape but
recently that's not true this place was
like my escape I escaped from everything
else in the end my death is kind of
romantic
all relevant debate information I'm sure
will be revealed to me tomorrow when I
look when I look up the news if anyone
does or says anything crazy I'll find
out about it I don't know the frame rate
for this game is just that insane like
like on this PC we might be getting like
you know 6,000 frames a second looking
at this is making me nauseous oh yeah
yeah yeah I'm very sorry well not your
fault is about on you it's jaggedy this
is a free game yeah I know yeah I mean
looking at him just starting to make me
queasy okay well don't look at it then
I'm not well I did the problem of
something else recently oh the muted and
that robot game Haiti the know the the
robot that was on the wheel defunct oh
yeah yeah
it's the fov you guys in your fov
I don't think we can change that
really did you feel the same Wolfenstein
3d no I played the fuck out of
Wolfenstein 3d when it came out and I'm
gonna be obnoxious enough to brag that I
played that before doom was the thing
yeah I gotta end with you in on the
ground floor hey wait hold on right
right I need you do I need to hear this
okay so it's left left
straights left left straight nope left
left
straight
nope left left
straight left there we go okay it's not
good hey I did not play Huffer tank but
I did stumble across a copy of catacombs
3d before I knew it was even made by it
technically they weren't calling
themselves yet I think that's when
there's still a soft desk making games
for soft disco forward forward
nope forward forward
nope forward forward forward
nope forward forward forward
nope alright forward forward
there you go huh
those music starting to get creepy if
you couldn't hear there was an audio
queue I don't know if the sound ever got
turned up oh no I think that means that
there was a monster behind me certain
rooms there there are monsters behind
you and so you just have to kind of run
by get a flashlight in this one
ah crap
got spooky ghosts rich
that's amazing jack isn't it just though
don't like this is gonna get barf
tacular this is gonna get barf tacky oh
I think I may actually cuz like those
last couple rooms were fairly tense you
know I got a monster's chasing me I goes
cute ghost pops I suppose at least
somewhat clever yeah I think so and if
yeah and you know what maybe my entire
judgment is clouded because it's free
this game is free a thousand rooms is a
lot of the shit oh yeah no I can't
imagine we'll make it through a thousand
rooms we'll give it another hour rich
and then we'll find something else we'll
give it till 8:30 all right cuz that's
our my favourite is the music cues when
these things pop up the grab
all right so uh anyone see the flash
return flash returned
I mean returned as the new season
started Oh
cancel it I didn't well you said that oh
oh sure no season premiere just came out
and oh my god
oh we're stuttering the game is breaking
the game is breaking perhaps
deliberately oh maybe and there's I'm
having some issues with the flash like
it's still a super fun show I like all
the actors I like all the characters but
it has a problem which is it relies far
too heavily on alternate dimensions and
altering time really what else what else
you do with flash exactly it so it has
what the fuck else do you do right
that's why I I'm not I'm not fucking
fuck he's so fast he can he can barely
interact with his opponents exactly and
so they have to keep the story fresh
which means that every once in a while
flash will go back in time and change
something or you know enter an alternate
dimension reality huh and all the
character alva of a character
progression that we've grown to love
gets wiped out wait what do you mean
wiped out oh it's actually changed in
history in the show yes
oh so most recently his slight spoiler
alert for the season premiere of flash
heads up the the season so spoiler alert
for the season finale last season of
flash and the season premiered this
season flash went back in time and
stopped the reverse flash from killing
his mom uh-huh which happened at the
whole beginning of the show yeah and
he's always been warned about messing
with time and he should
mess with time and he got to live in
this alternate dimension where his mom
didn't die and his dad didn't die and he
was super happy for like three months
but then time started catching up with
him so he had to take the guy who killed
his mom and bring him back to the time
so he could kill his mom again well
that's sucks
yeah little sucks but the reverse-flash
fucked with the timeline a little bit
and messed with Flash's girlfriend oh
and messed with his friends and so he
doesn't have any of his friends or his
girlfriend that he used to have uh-huh
and it's like these are people who kind
of make this show what it is
flash hanging out with his friends so
they just Terry the entirely new cast
know same cast but they're they're
playing slightly different versions of
their characters and so it's a little
annoying like sometimes that's fun like
hey what if this character is a little
bit different but that's that's so far
that's like every fucking season is like
what if so they've done this more than
once yeah they've done this more than
once that's just some subconscious it's
a little obnoxious fortunately for flash
all the actors are great and the writing
is pretty good and so you actually like
really liked all of their characters and
they have really good chemistry with
each other so so you know it's still a
fun watch but just a little annoyed with
the flashing in general
oh look oh that's neat I think that was
the man who was writing all the notes
game saved oh you made it further than
he did
huzzah oh I think I am starting to get a
little motion sick so I am going to the
debate is supernatural what the question
was just asked what what question oh it
was the question about his statement
just asked yeah they made it 11 minutes
they made it 11 minute well before
bringing up the sexual we split the
difference yeah a little bit further 20
not not as far as you thought oh that
was the question can America be great
again what was it what was it ever fully
their great right after World War two
everything was fine no no you know what
actually probably during World War two
okay you know why no no wasn't no wasn't
here's it here's why right here black
this this country shut for a lot of
people right after World War two and
four years not talking about specific
groups of people I'm talking about
America as a whole
here's here's why here's why America as
a whole was great during World War II
okay everybody had a job oh you were
either a soldier or making shit for
soldiers right you you make your
argument i Jim Crow man that ruins
everything
I rode your whole argument
abso-fucking-lutely yeah absolutely but
you know what there were jobs for
everyone
it sucked being a black person but
everyone had a job everyone had a job
everyone had a purpose except let's have
your Irish and there was a sign that
said Irish need not apply that was that
I think that was after the war there
before that was before the war they were
even hiring the Irish during World War
two they fucking let women
half the jobs you know I'm saying the
head - they only did that out of
necessity
exactly but everyone had a job it was
great and then the soldiers come back
and they want their jobs back and the
women go
and the Irish folk go and the black folk
oh no we kind of like working we're
gonna just stay over here now I love
America's ideals yeah I don't know that
as a country we have at any time ever
fully live up lived up to them hmm I can
probably agree with you yeah yeah I've
got some work to do we got some work to
do at making America great again
Hillary twist the dagger in his kidney
Oh wolf court yeah she's the Oh oh yeah
I believe it exit Thanks it with great
ideals we have liberties and justice in
all men were created equal and balanced
in power God but this was a but oh but
in their own an unwritten but all men
were created equal
definitely not women though not into the
1920s well well the blacks don't count
there's a 3/5 like 3/5 oh wait they have
to count neither ah damn it they're in
the you know the super part is there
were only three fits because some rich
fucking plantation owner wanted a larger
portion of the vote yep
it's disgusting disgusting okay okay
well now now for real all people are
created equal oh wait wait we're we're
at war with the Chinese I guess all
Asian Americans needs to be rounded up
now so they're not equal anymore oh wait
we're at war with a different race of
people now we'll just kick him out of
the country you you can say anything you
want about the government you can
believe everything you anything you want
to believe the communist people innocent
people are cut they have communist
leaders go to jail let's have a hearing
on that if you're a communist you're
gonna get locked up yeah goddamn commie
you can you can you can protest things
in this country after the he didn't
stand up for the flag during a sporting
event he he took a knee during a
sporting event fuck you know what let's
just pull out all sorts of police
protection for that fuck I
more about the symbol than the things it
stands for rich this is too poignant
this is too poignant I had a lady get
mad at me she was sitting next to me get
mad at me for not standing up for god
Bless America during baseball game I
told her to fuck off this is a complete
stranger yeah you should stand up yeah
blow your ass
that's a free country lady let me alone
blow it I did not stand up that's fine
that's fair
you know out rich that's absolutely fair
okay hey what are you playing back to
five nights at Freddy's hey you know
what after these two I really did not
have a plan I'll be super honest with
you I did not have a plan but love a
plan right about now and you see any
sort of any sort of plan would be better
than the lack of plan that I currently
have hold on I'm checking I'm checking
the games
okay now you're swishing this at most
I'm gonna stand up okay I know I'm gonna
stand up to that let's stand up this is
this is the point for whoever's cutting
up this video for youtube that we're
gonna take a break remember I'm gonna go
see if there's some water did I bring
the gift yeah I had the we had a gif at
one point I don't know if I brought it
here but hold on I mean I made that gift
that will be right back gift just for
such occasions let's see if we still
have it we used to have it I think it's
this mediasource back okay I think I
brought it that's what I think I did I
made that I made that fun gift oh I did
I did bring it
there it is look at boom
I made this special thing and if we put
it right to the edge here it'll like see
ya then we just move it down so it
doesn't block the camera
perfect you know what could be maybe
that will make it a little bit bigger
right there oh yeah
be back there we go that's perfect right
there so there's our will be back gift
for when we take a break so obvious
we'll be back
you
you
you
Oh welcome back rich whatever I figure
out what what game we're gonna play
whatever you want yeah whatever you want
yeah yeah yeah yeah I found some I found
some what I believe to be grapefruit
soda if anyone knows what this is
tell them thanks bye Ken they've been on
you turn their back on yeah I didn't
know you turn them back on oh yeah
they're back up they're back again oh oh
you okay yeah don't get back up okay
okay hey this was sent to us trap if you
know if you know what that is let me
know it looks like it has a picture of a
grapefruit on it quiet
I'm that was my plan and I want
something fizzy because I was feeling a
little motion stick so some grapefruit
soda I think
yes it's counting on Smith egg I forget
it was Jared Mike take a sip of that
they didn't know what it was - it was
almost a spit-take cuz supposedly it's a
very strong alcohol I think this is
alcohol
I forgot what it was called but no but
after day under Mike tried it they
looked it up it is the maybe not that
brand but that whatever type of alcohol
it is it sells it's the best selling
alcohol like in the world oh it's the
best selling alcohol in the world I
can't read the ingredients it's in my
soju
it's in Shoji's it's in Chinese or
Korean or something it's not bad it's if
some something ridiculous proof what is
this looks like soju because it's cheap
yeah I mean it's sure now that I have a
couple sips to me yeah you can like ha
it's like gasoline but that's kind of
like the kind of beer I drink anyway
it's like gasoline beer it's Korean how
dare you I'm sorry Sarah Chen I can't I
can't read any of this it's all it is to
me chicken scratch how what's the
alcohol some ninety percent it's not
ninety percent you shouldn't be quiet
yes whatever was that River it was
ridiculously high for alcohol for a
beverage you might be driving me home
then okay you take a break Oh whole yeah
that's what I got to do all doing oh yes
I do I love gasoline beer my my favorite
kind of beer to drink is like the super
high alcohol content beer look I like
double IPAs which is like 9 10 percent
alcohol a normal beer is like four I
like the nine ten percent stuff there's
there's a triple IPA at its rezoned by
six point six point resin and I want to
say it's like 13% beers great
about 16.7 what 20% alcohol I remember
it was high 24 dad that's that's crazy I
I've already had too much I'm already
too drunk to drive okay pretty sure
getting drunk isn't allowed on Twitch
this is true no that's only four that's
only four four well getting getting
drunk is not allowed on Twitch or
purposefully getting drunk okay is not a
lot on Twitch okay you can drink but you
can't say like I'm getting drunk this
dream and you know okay okay that had
that came out with the social eating oh
we have you remember that yeah no it's
still thing why why because because of
course isn't it and so that was part of
the social eating thing is you can't
like just have a very much you getting
drunk I mean that'd be so popular you
think somebody can make a thing out of
that getting sloshed on streams yes
getting sloshed that's crazy oh I don't
know we had that great this'll kill an
hour hold on let me update the all the
stuff while we download this I have no
idea how long this is gonna take to
download but it shouldn't take that long
Jack is already blitzed already no you
know what I had I had a decent lunch
today I had real food today not my
usually my breakfast lunch and dinner
consists of carb free sugar free I had I
had carbs today before lunch and dinner
so I should be able to hold my own
what am i doing there you go
hey I just screwed all that correctly
that's weirdly timed what I admit a beep
there what I had a button here no that
is crazy
Wow gold star XV 86 says hi again I
continued as an example I had to explain
what Halloween was and why we UK call it
fancy dress when my town's idea of
costumes would make Jose Fernandez wait
I got a thing that popped up and I can
read now I'm gonna find where I was
because I think the pop-up thing that
fully fuck with me man disappear what
are you made of Jose Fernandez cry great
stream I don't understand any of that I
don't understand any of it so I'm sorry
excuse me had a break and apparently the
first thing they said was before the
break oh well there you go well there
you go rich sigani was learning Romanian
to impress a girl
oh good the good says hey guys thanks
Peter
Buki game's bougie it's Columbus Day
tomorrow is that well that's true any
chance we might get a celebratory
suprise stream and honour of
italian-american pride good games coming
out can't be broke Tober I know media
plans for that uh no no not for a
Columbus Day streaming gobbly gook says
pucks yes to a rope I just went to a
cable-access Film Festival in Sacramento
and there was a documentary showing how
300,000 Japanese there lost their jobs
and businesses during World War Two so
ever watch cable access yes
we never I never had out growing up you
get unjust we lose basic cable I think
we live too far away from the city
yeah and and so we didn't get those
weird channels growing up looking for
people like me and Mike and enough I'd
known Jaya when I was looking and
looking watching like public access
stuff see what people would make you
know their own fucking home cameras and
shit right right oh okay
basically like Wayne's World kind of
stuff yeah like I know I know the trope
as far as like its portrayal in the
media yeah but I don't know if I've ever
like watched a public access there's not
many right a lot of it's like the City
Council meetings so you need cable see
it okay oh okay well yeah we didn't have
we didn't have cable we can start
playing now somebody's saying Jax
downloading a thing I'm downloading the
game he's the only a new game new game
it's a halfway done about halfway done I
do I don't hate it
I don't hate it you guys can already see
what we're playing I don't hate it I had
I had some issues with it with
Psychonauts
I have issues with Psychonauts which and
like basically what it boils down to is
I don't think it had a very strong
ending and I never really felt like I
was progressing but wait we used to have
a public access show that focused on
porn even showed softcore porn clips it
was crazy
that is great agree is Kurt that's very
great
yeah sure what
oh I'm just reading the chat and I stood
shaman and baking bacon pancakes are in
the middle of a conversation so dear
child UK says this debate is whoa easily
the most off the rails oh definitely
shots fired recommend watching the whole
thing later if you miss it absolutely
I'm it'll be it'll be on YouTube as soon
as it's done and there'll be little
every every news outlet will have its
own highlight reel of the debate as soon
as it's over I'm looking forward to it I
cuz I like I like watching that guys
this is gonna be discussed in college
classrooms for years maybe summer
doesn't care I might actually look into
that shit just like what's happening
yeah yeah what kind of shit is and you
know what they probably know that the
viewership is pretty low yeah and that's
bad for them I'm sure Cara's probably
watching it oh yeah yeah it's bad for
both parties at viewership is low and so
they're up in the crazy to make sure
everyone watches it tomorrow is it low
that's football I assume is low hmm it's
going up against football what do I
think about the creepy clown thing what
is the deal here I've only recently
heard about this it's just it's popping
up all over the place the the one here
locally there there was a Green Bay
creepy clown not locally in Wisconsin
there's a creepy clown walking around
Green Bay and it had to do with the
movie that they were making the applause
and so just creepy clowns are popping up
in random places around the country you
know that's fine I think it's kind of
dumb but whatever the thumbs have always
been creepy we don't even have to try it
just have a dress up like a clown like I
had an instant creep I don't think
that's the incident room obviously you
went to Clown College you know what you
think the clown I think that'd work but
you know what if someone wants to do
that dress up like a clown and like walk
around the streets late at night that's
fine you know what I've never been into
what pranking yeah just pranks in
general like especially like the people
who
like record that stuff like prank videos
those are so every every single one on
YouTube is absolutely completely fake I
believe that I believe that but I've
just never been into it there was one
prank video that very early on in my
video making days that I tried to do
with my cousin and we made it we made a
horrible error yeah we got we invested
in a wireless microphone yeah and back
in the day that was a he that was a huge
investment you know this is 15 years ago
longer longer than 15 years ago way
longer than 20 years ago at this point
maybe 20 years ago we invested in a
wireless microphone and we're like great
what are we gonna do with this this is
gonna change our life and so we decided
to do a prank video and the video was I
I found a way to conceal the camera
under some coats and I was that was the
recorder yeah and he had the microphone
on and he we went to Barnes & Noble and
he started asking employees where he
could find the bibley he was going he
had a theology class okay and his and
his theology professor needed him to
read the bibley and he didn't know what
that was
and that was the bit was like and then
like eventually you someone real like
the bibley I think it's Mexican because
it's got hey-zeus in it I think it's
like Mexican theology
I lied checked by all the Mayan stuff I
checked by all my life but I couldn't
find things so can you help me find the
bibley and eventually we found this one
employee who was like I think he means
the Bible he's like what's that and so
like they go to the Bible section and
this poor girl spent 15 20 minutes
trying to as neutrally as possible
explain to someone who has never heard
of the Bible what it is so it's like a
Jack Chick track come to life what's a
jack kick track and he does the
Christian comics to try to get you to
convert and typically his characters who
convert they've never heard of Jesus
strange some strange world where you can
grow up not have heard of these things
right right and so that was his
character yeah he he had no idea what
the Bible was and this poor girl she was
just like well you see well some people
so like he's he's like like he's Jesus
not hey-zeus Jesus he's like God and and
and and my cousin was like okay so he's
God okay okay but but so like the whole
book is about it well not the whole book
the whole first half of it is about his
dad who's also and and he like he had
her going it was it was actually like a
super hilarious bit but we made a huge
mistake I was listening to this
conversation through the wireless
microphones yeah but the wireless
microphone only had one audio out which
was supposed to be plugged into the
camera yeah so I there's all this
footage and I heard it all Jack Jack Oh
like I said this was our wireless
microphone we were doing just audio
tests and we forgot to plug it into the
camera jack
yeah Jack the one real prick the one
real one break and you messed it up
yeah I know I know but yeah no I messed
it up and I felt I felt terrible I mean
you know it was it was both of our
mistakes because like yeah we're both
setting up the equipment but I I was the
one running the camera this was
obviously like I was 15 when yeah okay
okay that I was nowhere near
professional this was just some white
because it was 15 no and the reason that
the headphones were plugged into the
receiver was because we were doing an
audio test and then we didn't plug it
into the camera because I was 15 right
no we're that time we had to redo a best
of the worst discussion because the zoom
wasn't recording the audio right no no
that was well before the zoom that was
well before the zone okay that was that
was just
can't camera oh you know what it was is
there are two settings for the camera
audio one is XLR n + one is onboard
camera and all of the cameras were set
to onboard during a best of the worst
discussion so you would have had that
awful warehouse echo yeah so well yeah
so what all like this with like a
hundred percent more echo and you
couldn't be able to hear anything yeah
yeah yeah yeah so we had to do an entire
an entire but it's ready to go
I think we came up with better stuff the
second time so that opossums worried
that that's right the wrote or episode
the wrote or what was the other one we
changed it up is what lives so blend
basically we just wrote or from
practical purposes no it was rotatory
myself 1989 notice that was the first
ringer we tried to change it and that
was just not working that one didn't
work what was the original robot jacks
that was those one we ended up and
trudged I tried to wear the one we've
tried to replace was the robo tracker
cyber dragon okay I think cyber tracker
was the one we ended up doing oh you're
one of those Robo Jackson cyber charter
here's the thing we tried to change one
of the movies maybe was just tried
because we couldn't work because the
tape didn't work for class in 1999 it
doesn't matter because 90% of the
episodes just talking about wrote oh
yeah
can you guys see the game now because I
because sometimes when games go
fullscreen it gets all Janka fight we're
having issues with our second monitor if
you cannot see the game and stream let
us know please let us know if there's a
problem with the visuals Seibert ray
yeah one cyber tracker and class of 1999
which didn't play someone saying in all
caps look at the screen more detail no
game no game nope no game okay
quickly says hey guys have you heard of
the onslaught of clown sightings since
August here we go
since you guys are on both sides of the
fight I'm expecting an exciting exchange
hashtag clown lives matter we just had a
talk about it they braid it up you can't
skip that apparently gosh darn it all
Tim all dinner all Tanner you just have
to wait those done oh that's obnoxious
that's obnoxious we cannot stop the game
from not doing anything but playing as
soon as this opening intro is done then
we can then we can change it up Frisco
Jones says Frisco gee you guys are
missing an absolute dumpster fire okay
well I'm looking forward to it it was
yours opening you're selling a grainy
VHS copy shows up on the wheel of the
worst the next year Oh that'd be great
Gold Star XV 86 says Jose Fernandez is
the costume designer behind many recent
sci-fi movies Elon Musk is getting him
to design space X's space suit Oh for
real use but Halloween costumes suck I
make joke carry on sir
gotcha that's great good old Elon Musk
I'm assuming that text I got was about
how the debate is a dumpster fire double
check absolutely his text says OMG the
debate is a dumpster fire lol
