Five Nights at Freddy's Still Blows
October 9, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nTjU5-9qOCs

we started tweeted a tweet there are six
of these games Ridge six why are there
six of these games there are this is the
sixth what do they start coming out last
year maybe there's a couple of years ago
hey sure about that when was the first
five nights at freddys let's find out
you know what we have the Internet in
front of us I suppose this is a big
visit you know this big difference from
one in two years with six games cuz
we're either way there three games a
year or six games a year which either
way you slice it yeah I think is
indicative of the care and effort that
goes into each and every one of these
games let's see here let's take a look
here five nights and this this isn't the
new one we only stream the first one
this is the sixth one that's the new one
it's so embarrassing they stopped
putting numbers on them now it's : five
nights and thirties Kohl was so so
shameless sister location what you know
the Megan money I can't blame them but
this the first release was August 2014
and so yeah it's been out for two years
in two years they have made six of them
I think they made four of them the first
year that could be to be fair this is
this there there are six of them this is
the sixth one that we are prepared to
play right now
first Haidee and now there's absolutely
we're going through all the garbage I
haven't been picking the games lately
rich has been letting me pick I've been
letting Jack and there might be a
mistake in hindsight rich is gonna pick
it next week why because it's Halloween
it was on sale for seven bars that means
that means for some reason for all of
October so the whole fucking month we're
now obligated to plank
crappy spooky games games Haiti Haiti
was a masterpiece that's true that is
true hold on for a second
just want to see if that's working hey
and beefcake you're Newt watcher works
fantastically where we're seeing looks
snazzy Tim it looks snazzy and clean
we're taking a look at it right now the
one of the biggest problems that we
figured out beefcake just for your
personal information is we had to
completely uninstall the previous
versions and delete all of the folders
and all the subfolders restart the
computer and then install the new one
and now it's working great probably the
only thing we really had to do was to
officially uninstall it and restart we
just didn't restart the computer right
but I've just just in case I deleted all
those subfolders but now it's working
great and it looks fantastic
some kind of registry thing left over
and needed restart yeah be my guest but
we're fine leftover beef yeah no
leftover beefcake get your get your
web's own together so people can so
people can take advantage of your
Twitter okay I bailed on Haiti because
damn it was a joke it was a joke and I
got it I got it it wasn't the worst game
I've ever played oh this is uglier than
the first one
the fan is just giving me a headache
then shadow this this mouse on the
screen is really obnoxious I want you to
interact with stuff I guess
if you name as seen in the keypad
type no wait just try as my something
might happen it's like it's a joke yeah
you didn't see that coming a mile away
you didn't see that that was the funny
joke
the working title for Haiti was five
nights with titties yep five nights with
titties I watch the shit out of them
five pounds of titties Oh better fifth
five pounds titties okay look at this
the arrow changes so we have so this is
slightly now a point-and-click adventure
journal the why is so rich you will hate
this slash these games
please shame the game constantly also
gentlemen have you seen any good movies
lately but in a real drought concerning
the fit little of the phantasm Ravager
be well thank you I'm sure we'll end up
talking about movies sooner or later
when this gets boring seen any good
movies lately what have I seen recently
oh you know what I finally saw yeah
thanks to your recommendation was the
Toynbee tile oh yeah interesting stuff
that was so great that was a really
well-done documentary yeah like and you
know just free on Vimeo to watch and
what a fence
take documentary about the toy and be
tiles and the people hunting for the
meaning that's great there's no meaning
it's a crazy guy
it's a fucking crazy guy well spoiler
alerts they don't know for sure
I think doc and Ritter who likes to
think they found out who it was I'm less
convinced you know I I think I liked the
ending where it's like they came up with
a good enough explanation for them okay
okay and so that explanation was also
good enough for me so we can crawl we
can run crawl and we can look around Joe
Aiken winters's ROM my first ever tip
I'm jacked up on cold brew coffee and
ready for prereq and the big debate
comedy on all fronts there baton that
debate today another debate tonight I'm
football night and they are they insane
nobody's gonna watch nobody can stand
any of the candidates they know exactly
they know exactly already here's the
pool for the debate tonight is how
quickly will Clinton wiggle her way
around to bringing up Donald Trump's
comments how quickly will that subject
come up I'm guessing within the first
four minutes no she's she's too
calculating to go right for that row
right right it has to be natural but
yeah how will she get there she'll get
there it's not gonna be four minutes you
don't think how long's the debate give
it 20 20 minutes 20 minutes 20 minutes
her yeah yeah sure
my guess is she'll find a way to phrase
it like with something he said so it's
almost as if he brought it up it'll be
great
here's the thing that's great time
that's something that normally she would
hold on to until it felt like she was
ahead she was weak on some kind of point
I was losing but that's never gonna
happen never gonna so she's gonna be
confused as to when to bring that up
it'll be great
this is a walking simulator that's not
even a jump-scare game anymore so
walking walking simulator is that what's
going on I have no idea what's going on
what are you doing you want a submarine
where are these originally that's
supposed to be like ship as pizza places
yeah but remember this is so this is the
sister location this is a different it's
a robot
why are you motivating it with a shock
Colonel rich mustard says time for a new
game the shocks just feeding it it's a
robot it eats electricity I baines's
double zero so say guys if you want a
good actually scary game try amnesia the
Dark Descent the only game that actually
freaked me out a little bit oh well
frightened my fuckstick I've heard good
things about the immediate series you
know the only game never frightened me a
little bit was thief and Jack refuses to
play Tina I do not refuse to play this
i'm going to play thief a legitimately
scary game finishing legitimately scary
game and we're gonna play it we have
jack on his scary october game rampage
we need to play scary game we can't
can't find any scary games to play on
halloween october love we can't find
scary catch a thief is right yeah no but
five nights at freddy's no no thief
thief is scary there trust me I've
played thief thief to steal the game
it's ever scared but you know the six
five nights at Freddy's games now what
are we playing one of those I wanna play
thief and I'm gonna play thief on shoes
here's this game called super super jump
scare adventure check check the thief
wonderful ambience to friends
frightening games first carry I'm gonna
play five nights at Freddy's and I think
that's what everyone would like to see
I'm gonna I'm gonna finish editing our
next episode and then I'm gonna start
playing thief and then I will continue
to play thief on stream you know jack
I'm sorry I'm sorry I know that you're
very passionate about fees I'm doing a
bit and I'm dragging you through the mud
to do it and I feel a little bit bad how
his thief aged that's the question and
that's like the main reason I want Jack
to plan is to get a fresh pair of eyes
out he talked about all these things
that he likes in games and I'm just
thinking yeah thief yep thief yep thief
yep thief yeah they don't hold your
hands at all yep you just know there's
no interest no interest and if he hates
it it's not gonna bother me that gives
us something to talk about yeah we could
talk about how has it aged mousetrap
says hey guys these subs came free with
my toilet brush signed by me that that
Amazon integration has been great I'm
glad that you guys aren't enjoying that
hopefully that gives you some some more
value to your Amazon Prime subscription
we get it
we did it know so I plan on playing
thief I'm almost done with the Edit for
the next episode and then I'm gonna
start playing feed by myself at home so
I can meet him get into it and then I
will I will bring it here and shooting
them don't worry all right
I know people keep mentioning Dishonored
I intend to play that eventually there's
no way it can be scary as thief for the
simple reason is that when they designed
dishonored they made combat a realistic
option and in thief combat was always
super risky mm-hmm you could you know if
you if if is more than one person
against you you were doomed and if
you're just facing down one person it
was still gonna be a challenge to come
out on top and if you're playing an
expert you couldn't kill them so I'm
saying dishonored can't be as scary just
just by the fact that you can beat
everything up yeah Deus Ex
I played one of the newer ones on stream
from yeah yeah I liked it well enough I
look I don't think I understand how many
games are on my plate right now I'm
playing thief games next I played thief
one thief two or have played through
them all you can't stop me I'm working
my way through thief 1 it's playing it
here and there when I can and then and
then I might do dishonored and or Deus
Ex and that will be up to me which one I
choose and not up to you
waiting too long for the joke we need to
hear the voice now right you're waiting
a little bit too long
for the joke to land come on
thanks Dean thanks to team it's like we
know what's gonna happen it's gonna be a
funny angsty teen voice right the wait
you're not building up Spence where we
haven't forgotten about it you're just
waiting way too long for the punch line
yeah Jack why did the chicken cross the
road
I don't know rich why did the chicken
cross the road
I'll fix the game audio for you guys you
guys are having troubles here and hold
on for a sec oh yeah it over to OBS over
here come on
gave me one moment here have to
I'll worry I can't fix the game audio at
this exact moment because to get to the
other side
and stream with punchline I could have
done that too I could have done that too
then we would even remember at that
point right no that was you too you know
what you did a fine example yeah how
they've ruined that punchline but also
like that was the second time that
they've that they've done the whole like
mistyping bit and it's like that we've
already - maid says until dawn stream
when I no fucking clue t see Brady one
three three says hey fuckos what is the
funniest thing that has happened on set
or behind the scenes
suck me be little suck me bellend
mouse moves by itself see that yeah I'm
not moving the mouse right now what
happens when you try to move the mouse
it moves how but then it also moves
sometimes on its own like that I'm not
moving the mouse right now there's seems
like there's even less of a game am I
right about that this has become
complete walking simulator they've
already gone back to the original voice
yeah what game yes I mean well maybe
we'll get to the game I don't know I
don't know the cursor moves because it's
spooky cuz you're trying to move and
then all the mouse is kind of moving on
itself - yeah I guess that's spooky
TC Brady you're asking questions
Oh fan says money for you just finished
FTL full clear on hardmode
thanks for turning me on to this game
linked for proof
LOL flat my clock I'm glad you did it
I'm too scared to try hard I am oh yeah
I am this seems so stupid I am gonna
tell you something you know because I
kept you know Jack would not play thief
he would not he wanted to click five
nights at Freddy's and I'm like oh Jesus
Christ Jeff why would you do that
you know you know I'm gonna hate it and
you know the whole stream is just gonna
be people bitching at me because I
didn't let myself like five nights at
Freddy's part 18 yeah and I flat-out
refused to play objection well you know
that you were here yeah
but Chad I just refused to play this I'm
not doing this I'm not doing it hmmm
favorite customer says have you guys
seen swiss army man it's probably the
best movie of this year I'll I'll tell
you this much I have not seen it but Jay
loves it Jay Jay was talking about it
the other day and before the last ring I
am looking forward to seeing it the time
it's on my list a movies to see but I
got editing and I got thief to play and
I mean obviously I'm gonna Swiss Army
man before I play thief as rich knows
I've been putting about purposefully oh
just a toy with his emotions I know it I
know I'm sad big if you want a spooky
game it is like a perfect Garry game
perfect I do want like four thief just
because I know how important it is to
you and I know you want me to give it
like an actual go let me get like five
hours of just me and you I understand
that I understand that I'm I'm saying
this much yeah before October 31st
okay before then yeah you need to get to
return to the Haunted Cathedral okay
that level return to the Haunted
Cathedral oh look
thank you they move it yeah that's great
I'm doing gamer child UK says been
playing mafia 3 on PC all weekend except
for two crashes game has been working
well for me and I've been enjoying it a
lot
did you see the spooky eye ball rich no
recommend skeptical PC players to play
for themselves because they can refund
and I was referring to mafia 3 mm-hmm
which I have not played and I'm not
going to not because I'm against it on
principle just because I got too much
other shit in the plate sure you have a
plan you've heard games have a game plan
element seven three one says want to
play a scary game what Jack let's stream
Jack calculating how much college is
going to cost for his kids grabbed me by
my slam clam yep exam is that spooky I'm
never supposed to be spooky
I mean there's just like thing that
popped up from the bottom of the screen
there's a fault
can you go back yeah
the fuck is this
I don't know rich my hands if you fall
probably gonna jump scared thinking
uh-oh
looky looky whoa are you wasting it well
I got it give it to him you could have
gotten all three of those cuz it had a
spread doing everything wrong he's doing
everything wrong why do kids few kids
cook cakes just not gonna have enough
yeah lot of cupcakes man yeah I know
does he wasted those three shot ones
okay okay madam says hey rich when you
film the salad unboxing video was this
before or after Mike sprayed you with
shit police say after know it was it was
before the last thing we did was the
diarrhea sprayed for well for obvious
reasons
which was by the way I think was just uh
like powdered Nesquik and water oh yeah
I know I know J was very concerned about
the creation of the diarrhea pump that
worked well we're better than I thought
look it looks really great perhaps next
time he's on stream we can talk to Jay
about how he created the diarrhea pump
for anyone interested I think that would
be a good idea oh I see you you Emory al
one says rich has played Pokemon so Jack
should play thief going to play thief I
assume Jack will be a thief savant and
break the game like rich did for
pokemons this thief half a mega pun
punch it does it does it is something I
consider to be a mega punch and I try to
avoid using it because I consider it to
be a mega punch why is that supposed to
be scary
I don't know rich but also like I tried
to close it again
it's not a jump-scare when you spend the
whole running time expecting it it
doesn't even have the kitchen you
off-guard startling a somewhat startling
but it's like jump scares are effective
when you're not expecting them at all
like you ever see the video on YouTube I
think was like I've some kind of German
comer funding on what country originally
but just a car driving along in the
distance nice sunny Road and serene
music playing and then suddenly the
thing jumps up in the bottom of script I
have to jump scared because you're not
expecting it at all right see you like
there's an eyeball here I can't I can't
like I can't leave the oh you know like
I can't leave this little area I'm in
unit 6 or 3 idiots s which I'd love to
do I don't we get out of here
evans come of rich if you want to play a
scary game that sucks
at least played darksied at least the HR
Giger our artwork is cool future famous
person says if you go if you guys want
an amazing horror game check out
condemned criminal had condemned
criminal origins not only is it creepy
as fuck but you get to beat up violent
hobos ding as Donna says hey guys thanks
for all the spoofs and goofs question
recently watched orson welles
f-for fake wanted to know if you have
ever seen it in any opinions you may
have on it or Orson Welles in general I
don't I've seen a little bit of F for
fake and I didn't watch the whole thing
I don't have any strong opinions on
Orson Welles he's got a great voice and
thank God for the Riesling the marsh
yeah I've got him fucking up his name
Maurice LaMarche right the guy who does
the Orson Welles imitation like from
picking them yeah yeah
yeah he's made a career off of that one
imitation yeah I recently saw some like
a T stand up that Louise Lamarre I could
so fucked up his name Maurice LaMarche
did oh yeah it's terrible I mean I don't
even like those other impressions
Maurice LaMarche or is it okay Maurice
that's what I'm fucking up my apologies
all right jump up on the ledge turn
around there you go there you go that's
the way to do it so you have to leave
some kids behind really yeah you can't
go back I can't go back now okay so that
one sounds like a spread shatter if you
do a close enough one yeah so now like
what happens I have one blue cupcake
left what happens if I get the green
cupcakes you know can you jump over the
great well no you cannot but this one
well you know there's like coming up you
can follow it
it's all about maximizing cupcake but
Wiggins B qui gonn says guys thanks for
getting me into FTL I finished the game
with every ship and got every
achievement on hardmode but I'm never
attempting a no pause run rich you crazy
bastard
you are a crazy bastard someone had to
show up the last person say they played
FTL because of us impeded a hard road so
now they had to share the blame I take
that you are the person okay so the
point of this segment rich yeah is the
creepy thing comes and you have
something and then you have to hold this
shut that's the whole point of this is a
hold it shut Oh
against a baby a baby freddy can't stab
him in the eye I'd love to do that like
pokum why are you here what is going on
I don't know I don't know rich no from
post emotional sense or either of you
guys going to read max Landis's new
image comic lol suck my cock what is it
I know nothing about it and I haven't
been in a comic book store in like a
decade now so probably not one comic is
it what is it up grab says wrench you
could be any kind of J Bowman what
horror film or film series would you
equate 5 nights at freddy 2
I tell you man that's not a serious
question they phrased it like one of the
animal ones so what kind of J Balvin
would you be oh I get it
hold it
do you see Britney one three three says
hello J and Mike what is the funniest
thing that has happened on set or behind
the scenes there's always funny things
happening we don't I don't have them
ranked why not not rich you see the
funny that happens on camera that's
that's a lot of the funny that happens
right there yeah I was gonna say yeah
most of the funny end up on camera yeah
oh he's a hobo just
there are people in Chad defending their
what people in chat defending five
nights at freddy I'm sure there are I'm
sure I'm sure there are are you invested
yet Jack they want you invested here um
no I I closed the thing that was pretty
exciting
I made it I made it past that stage that
had killed me so you know I suppose it's
arguable but we've done bowls a little
bit was the funniest thing that has
happened the funniest I'll take that
made it up yeah it wasn't an outtake
right I mean yeah I think something
funny happens we're probably gonna use
it well especially in something like
best of the worst yes like there's
there's really no outtakes just take
Stefan I'm trying I'm trying to think of
Jack wanted to play five nights at
Freddy's he can play this game all night
talking all night oh I wasn't punk god I
wasn't expecting a jump-scare at all
playing five nights at Freddy's don't
understand hard six I don't understand
what I did like as a gamer it just
upsets me because it's like I lost that
was a point in which I lost
we you know what too much new key we
just were looking at origami and I was
like we were just looking at that on the
steam store page that looks like a rich
game item low to the ground all I can
press is forward and look around why are
you playing this game jacket you don't
want to no one asked you to and you're
shitting on people who try to defend it
I don't understand her I'm doing most of
the shitting rich is doing most of the
shitting I do like I do hate this game
there's so there's a couple reasons that
that inform find decision one is spooked
ober it is in his Halloween time it is
scary game time and so yeah I like I
like some sort of theming to go along
with our story that's full month out of
the year dedicated to some kind of
ridiculous theming that's how I love
that's what October is though you know
what you know you don't get the full
month for Thanksgiving you kind of get
the full month for Christmas but there's
not a lot of Christmas games hollow
that's what Halloween is and Halloween
is arguably my favorite holiday that's
bringing up dead space dead space yeah
let's play that so the other reason is
as a popular game there there will be
people looking for people streaming this
game right now
and so as a product that rich and I make
bringing people into the fold is nice
people haven't cared about five nights
at freddys in one year and six months
you don't think yeah naanum says hi guys
I have a problem there's this girl I
really like and I think she likes me too
I want to ask her out but I'm secretly a
24 year old male virgin do you think
she'd say no if she knew no she likes
you she won't care if you're a virgin
yeah that has nothing
do with whether or not the person likes
you if a relationship starts it'll be
awkward when you have sex that the first
time just because you're a virgin but
that's night that's gonna happen the
first time you have sex regardless right
yes
Trudeau 3:1 people who are looking for
streamers of this game probably want
people who are invested of it and are
looking for people to like react super
scared like that's what people coming
into a stream will watch but maybe maybe
they'll they'll see this they'll watch
this for a couple minutes and maybe
we're right in the middle of a fun story
you know like it's all about getting the
getting the products out there you've
heard here Jack is a whore Jack is a
huge whore which is appropriate because
it's horrible I'm just trying to figure
out how to get past this segment oh I
see nope I thought I saw we asked for
fun stories and rich refused just not a
lot there's no there's no like that
hilarious thing that happened that one
time behind the scenes it doesn't exist
cuz that's super memorable and we spit
we spend most of our time filming
ourselves for for you all and if
anything fun I could make something up
that's what you why the the only thing
that has never made it to your eyes is
that infamous best of the worst and the
only reason you've never seen it is
because it wasn't funny it was a not
funny moment mm-hmm-hmm so like that's
it that's what we can talk about it like
there's one time we all got together
spent eight hours of a day
watching three movies and filming a
discussion and it wasn't a good time it
wasn't very fun at all seems like you're
not thoroughly engaging with the game
from what I'm seeing that's true they
need you listening and looking intently
and you're trying to play it casually
that's that's me that's me to it see
casual Jack okay so what I think let's
play let's play it seriously okay what I
think I learned last time
no no shut up and get in the game you're
not allowed not allowed to converse you
have to be immersed immersed in the
world of five nights at Freddy's part of
six okay so what I'm gonna talk about
the game so I think that the dolls walk
back and forth and you can see like the
light in the distance mm-hmm I think you
can see them like walking across it and
you don't want to bump into them is what
I think I don't really know can you move
the flashlight around no the flashlight
stays I can move my head around of the
flashlight stays that's dumb
and everyone will get that music so I
don't know if that means they're called
the world
yeah yep
are you in the world are you there
I'm so fucking at it
I'm grabbing that world by the pussy did
the world give you permission to do that
no I'm a celebrity and so I just take
what I want
which is a totally normal thing for
people to say by the way ah I don't
really know why I failed
ah now Jack can't run for president
right because that's how that should
work by the way hasn't stopped from is
it you Ryan
my theory was he never really wanted to
be President in the first place right
this is an ego board billionaire thing
absolutely is he trying to sabotage
himself at this point that's just not
working here here's the practicality of
that is if he wins uh-huh it will most
likely be a disastrous four years
sure that is bad for the Trump brand if
Trump loses though he gets to spend the
rest of his life saying they stole it
from me I could have done so much better
and you know that means that's TV
speaking fees that's book deals that's
that you know live speaking events
that's being an expert on politics that
is he is set for the rest of his life
yeah he never needs to like invest in
real estate again if he loses yeah if he
win I'm not convinced he wanted to get
this far
exactly exactly but if he if he wins
that's bad for the Trump brand because
there there's no way he can affect
we okay I think it has something to do
with the music I think when the music
gets loud did you really try to listen
I'm was I'm listening
it's it okay so the music got quiet
oh he's excited again musics quiet Oh
music flat again
listen hard or Jack I'm listening so
fucking hard you guys have no idea
musics quiet Oh music super loud
I am working on it I am working on it
voice
who
okay
see visited boring when we play this
game right the character is crawling
that's why I'm so close to the ground
why is her reflection of the door on the
ground it's a shiny ground it looks
weird
Jack this is boring
Jack to get to the other side Rachel I
have to listen I'm listening
okay
who a minute great oh it's wonderful
Lord our Archon says yeah wish you guys
are playing wwe2k16 one josh is on the
stream I would like to see Jack Powell
driving rich and rich plying a leg drop
on Jack's neck Josh wasn't interested I
know that he cares about the game does
he is he expressed interest in the WWE
games before no sanic mousetrap says
actual movie question budget doesn't
necessarily make a good movie so what's
the cheapest movie you thought was
really great Evil Dead 2 I'm sure there
wasn't a very big budget for that at the
time
God the sucks got me he got me a wrench
the static doesn't even look right this
I've got a weird pattern going on in the
static it doesn't look no it doesn't
look very like natural static okay we're
gonna I'm giving this game an hour oh no
you're playing this all night
god damn all fucking night what I have
to go through the fucking room again
they got to make it seem like there's
more content in this game than there
actually is Jack okay bird child UK says
what a scary game yes try make America
great again the trump presidency yes it
exists and it's on Steam also oh wait
what that's a really burly finites
pre-six reminds me of horror franchises
that milk consumers with multiple
sequels quick yep yeah I don't know why
it would remind you of that you know
this the first Saw movie did you see
that no it's pretty interesting yeah and
I made what every damn year for right
ten years looks like they had a
ridiculously small budget and the the
directors just had like this crazy idea
and we're gonna sorta because we have
such a small budget all this movie takes
place in one room that's it it's gonna
be great
and it was interesting you know like it
was unique it wasn't the greatest thing
in the world but it was unique yeah now
there I'm like saw 23 now this awakened
I thought they were done they could be
done no you know what it's not great saw
isn't great but it's interesting it was
a unique idea and and you know
especially like if you're into horror
movies if you're into that genre it was
fine
yep strife in Traverse says here's money
to buy our gummy please dear Lord Xenu
please dear Lord xeno play that over
this game made for PewDiePie to scream
obnoxiously / yea if anybody's screaming
over this you know that's a fake
bullshit yes 100% there's there's no way
you can mean you know like if someone
goes oh because the thing jumped out at
him maybe but if someone is genuinely
scared by this they are pretending yes
Sisson says hi jack and rich glad right
mentioned the worst part about force
awakens who's funding the first order
and why isn't the rebellion called the
government also Trump and Clinton in one
hour
psyched super psyched yeah we're gonna
watch that during the strings gonna that
we're gonna switch over we're gonna
we're gonna livestream it and we'll have
some very insightful comments no it is
spooked Ober nothing scarier than that
debate one of these people is gonna be
president who will be President game
it's gonna be closing let's just come in
dad convinced I'm not convinced maybe
that's just hope maybe that's just maybe
know if the Democratic Party didn't run
their the the least likable candidate
they could have possibly have run it
would be like a runaway landslide
victory yeah I'm not so sure now yeah I
suppose sorry ma yeah sorry mods
remember it's it it's okay to talk
politics just as long as no one's
harassing anyone yeah no we're not
getting obnoxious about it you're not if
you had besmirching anybody's politics
like I'm just talking about not liking
Trump because he says things like grab
someone's pussy just grab about a pussy
that's one
but saying like welfare moms do this or
you know if you're getting like you
bring an ass about it yeah
then shut the fuck up yeah don't be an
ass if you're talking about politics in
a smart and in constructive way I'm all
for that but if you remember like all
Republicans are the devil right that's
not so you know what that's not helpful
for anyone or Lib tardes this or that
that's it stop it stop it
agreed
can you please fix the audio what is
wrong with the audio I can't fix it
let's say no what is wrong with you what
is wrong with the audio do we have a
clue rich the candidates can't even do
that
I expect this from your viewers because
because our viewers aren't two of the
worst people in the country that's why I
expect that from our viewers
my my mic is too loud and yours is too
low and you can't hear the game alright
I'll turn the game up I'll move my mic
further away I don't know how bad jack
is quiet why spinner no audio don't
change it please
so many people died first not develop no
not not voting is legit if there's like
not a candidate you like don't vote for
them if there is a candidate there's a
reason shitty presidents keep getting
into office because we don't have any
other option and then well you know less
or two evils of course nothing's gonna
change that's true but there are certain
say extreme cases where you there's one
candidate that you don't like so much
I'm not gonna fault anybody for doing
that yeah I'm just saying don't tell me
it's I'm a monster
for not wanting to vote for either of
these two people oh right right no
that's your choice you get to do
whatever you want yeah yeah I'm not I'm
not a big fan of Jill Stein
she seems she's an idiot yeah she seems
like an idiot and Gary Johnson seems
like a monster yeah a different type of
monster than from what a monster you
know the VI I think the idea of
libertarianism is is is a simple and
comforting one it though it's just it's
just not it's not feasible with
especially with with with modern
economics I don't think that's what none
you know what that's only my opinion
sorry every libertarian is about to let
us know who is a libertarian in the chat
so they're about and three two one go
I didn't vote in 2000 because it was
Bush no it was 2000 was buscher was Gore
that's it that's right Gary Johnson got
booed off of at the libertarian
convention Gary Johnson said that he
thinks it's okay to require that people
have driver's license to vote no no to
drive a car oh okay and he got booed off
stage because libertarians don't believe
that the government should give people
driver's license to drive cars yeah
there's there's fundamental problems
with libertarianism then that's true and
at his own party's convention he's like
you know what I'm okay with making
people pass a test before they can drive
a car and he got booed off the stage
because you know why because people are
crazy rich
this is libertarianism fundamentally
anarchistic no get rid of all the
regulations yeah I don't know if it's
anarchistic or it sounds like it sounds
like a form of anarchy I don't know if
that's the right word for it
yeah but now that I give it a thought
like maybe it's just like yeah it's
basically like AI just nature we'll
figure it out nature's kind of anarchy
yeah
what are we talking about we're talking
about libertarianism man you know
totally normal for a gaming show not
really what gaming mouse would I
recommend I'm looking for a better one
you know what people have been asking me
then I don't know I'm not entirely the
the gaming mouse I use I forget what
it's the mic the the logitech something
G something whether five or seven
hundred one of those I use it because
it's got a lot of buttons I don't
necessarily think that the most
comfortable buttons to hit I had one
before that I like had two buttons two
extra buttons on the side that were very
comfortable to use it was only two of
them
I still I'd probably still be using if
that using it though of that one didn't
you bring the one I have doesn't have
any fun buttons yeah it has just four
little buttons next to the two main ones
oh I like those get those I don't I
don't end I have something on the side I
have one with some buttons and I didn't
much care for cuz that ruin my grip yeah
you know like I hadn't had a nice grip
these ones are okay the hell is going on
over the chat
what I don't know it's gonna happen
we're talking about gaming mice now I'll
be will get off libertarianism yeah
what's it well you know what no rusty BC
our what's a libertarian stance I'm
gaming mice you know see now we can
bridge the gap yeah g600 is best mouse
there's so many options for gaming mice
there are so many fucking options just
find one with a bunch of buttons made by
Logitech it'll be it on sale I'm sure at
some point on Amazon I have to listen to
the little lullaby in this part for the
record I don't have any problem with
people who consider themselves
libertarians I remember kind of Penn
Jillette he's a libertarian but I think
fundamentally it is the same problem
that Anarchy has people are horrible
some people are horrible yes and they
will abuse the system like it it doesn't
take into account greed yeah it doesn't
take into account perversion it doesn't
take into account idiots
area okay voting libertarian is
essentially throwing your vote away
anyway there are a lot of libertarians
and they deserve to have a valid party
absolutely no there are a lot of
liberals they deserve to have a valid
party in a green party - like there are
a lot of Republicans they deserve to
have a party that hasn't been hijacked
by a monster yeah I don't necessarily
get this part yet
see he's here
don't quite get this part yet Roccat
nice and wide th some I'm looking for a
good Mouse yeah yeah I like the mind has
four buttons on the side I just don't
think the Virgo nah MEK sure yeah I'm
not a big fan of a thumb button I'm so
I'm so gonna forget that that name
I want more thumb button well I want for
yours a good number you want some but
four is a good number I just want them
late I want a better layout sure I'm the
there's so many options
roh-roh can't ro CCAT I don't know how
I'm gonna remember that I'm gonna have
to remember that
he's gonna be here this time
dick gently er says hijack and rich
thanks for all the entertainment they
way to the jump-scare in quotes is over
can you say hi to my girlfriend for me
hi her name is vanity van Vint II I'm
gonna sided to the DVI MTI she wants to
be internet famous thanks VIN David D
hello venti your welcome to the Internet
you made it
if famous now I thought I had it I
thought I figured out that section we
kind of had to like hit the thing and
then like play the audio recording to
scare him back and then go back to the
thing but apparently I did it wrong okay
dr. Lim says my debate prediction they
all just took a love drug they all got
their clothes off and they're fucking
and they're sucking the shit out of each
other
oh what's that from that's from I'm from
that's from the best of the worst movie
we just watched with Dan Haggerty was it
okay so here's the plot oh fuck yeah
just took a love drug and they're
fucking and sucking each other dry you
Jiminy Cricket prick bastard yeah why
are you guys playing this shitty game
anyway can you just talk about Dom
DeLuise or Shaq mate or something we are
just ignore the game part of the stream
repo Jake that was it repo Jake thank
you anonymous says hey can you guys play
rayman legends' co-op sometimes so guys
would have a lot of fun playing if and
it would playing it and it would be a
good time and I would like it and you
could play casual
and you can still talk don't say cricket
why not you Jiminy Cricket
Jiminy Cricket Jiminy Cricket prick
bastard yeah they said don't say cricket
Oh Big Apple three it was like don't
mistake cricket I'm like God like why
shouldn't I say cricket I have the right
to say anything I like I'm like cricket
like suffered a serious like a traumatic
life threatening injury yeah
during a cricket match Oh dissipated in
sure paralyzing what happens body for
life now it's traumatic
the like the bowler you're triggering
him every time you say cricket the
bowler or the batsman playing cricket
yeah those are the tooth is there's the
bowler there's the batsman there's a
wicked there's a slippery wicket in
cricket
that's a real thing crickets crickets
dangerous man it nearly ruined
Hitchhiker's Guide to the galaxy
that's true yeah if you've read the
books I am talking about I'm not gonna
explain that fucking show up I can
explain that fucking Jay Leno g-shot
says hi had a weird dream about the rlm
crown we played touch football but no
one would pass me the ball junior high
all over again thanks for the nightmares
also lol Darmok and Jalad might Sinagra
when the walls fell we're gonna take a
breath we've been playing for an hour I
can stop playing now this is this is a
little breath for when we cut this up
for YouTube later cuz this is when you
should cut toe dances back and rich what
are the chances of a third-party
candidate winning the elections somehow
like Gary Johnson or Jill Stein also why
are you playing jump scare simulator
well Jack answer the second part of that
question Tober and $7 it was on sale I
thought I could I thought I thought he
Andy and here's the the clincher so like
I already discussed earlier that got
spooky game for Halloween right it's a
popular game so we might get some people
in the stream and just there was a tiny
percentage chance that the
game would have something either so bad
that we could talk about or slightly
interesting never you don't know why you
thought that I don't know why I thought
that as far as the wasting your vote on
a third-party candidate yeah no shit
they're not going to win that's not the
point
look if if you have a situation where
like there are a ton of third party
those will be in anywhere enough to win
but like if you have like a record low
voter turnout yeah and a record high
third party candidate vote mm-hmm then
at least you're sending a message that
this shit ain't working either the
either the big parties need to run
better fucking people who actually care
about fucking the populace that they're
running for or you also lay the
groundwork for a viable third and fourth
party which I think this country needs
well this country absolutely needs that
and more importantly you need to be
supporting here's here's the real issue
with third party candidates the only
time anyone or the general populace
talks about third party candidates is
once every four years during the
presidential yeah election if we can
start supporting third party candidates
in Congress and Senate yes in local in
local small elections and build a base
there that's where it's important we
can't we can't just have it once every
four year conversation and that's what
it turns out to be no what does it go I
forgot already I forgot the name of the
game we're playing next hold on updating
stuff
Shuman Shirley says hey Jackie and rec
rack wretch I guess see it you guys in
Arlen have really helped me with my
general story / plot writing I'm not
sure about an idea I think what would
rlm say makes me get clever with it
so thanks FMC you're welcome
glad to help Jerell wise says please for
the love of everything holy yep stop
playing this annoying shit did it how
much longer are you planning on playing
this then it has jack stood up yet nope
I'm gonna stand up as soon as I change
the title of this old handsaw says hey
guys did you know about this a new game
called trump has players trying to help
President Donald Trump escape a ruined
America and make the galaxy great again
trailer is on YouTube that's funny
hey you know what let's uh let's get
back to our standing up I did not ride
my bike today as it's getting a little
too cold out I know that bike ride back
back home on Wednesday little bitch
let's take a moment stand-up fuckin from
touchpad is broke the Trump touchpad
yeah Trump ad rich you just gotta grab
it by the pussy well I was thinkin says
hey guys from one stranger things fan to
another please enjoy this quick vid of
my office's Halloween decor quick
okay
Spooky's Spooky's jump-scare mansion
that's cute
oh you made a uh yeah the wall a
christmas light well there's some slight
alphabet wall that's great
all right where he's Fuki yeah this pad
thinks I'm clicking what I'm not and
then when I try to click nothing happens
no I hate that we need to adjust yeah
okay Spooky's is running hold on oh
you're changing the game I did already
I'm already I'm already there you
deserve to suffer all stream playing
five nights at Freddy's jacket you
deserve it you had no better options and
you did not take them nope launching
Spooky's failed to start the game suck
button says knock knock who's there
banana banana who
police say something else this game
please play something else this game
sucks
oh well Jack my rich heavens oh well you
got your wish gamer tell you cases hold
on for a second mutant Kaos wants to
know if max landis is going to stream
with us when he is in town there were
there was a little threat on that on the
reddit and max is on reddit quite often
and someone asked him directly or
someone asked me and also tagged him in
a question on reddit and I said that's
not up to me about the max but we will
certainly ask him and he say you seem to
be okay with joining us on stream when
he is in town obviously that can change
but uh if he's still down when he's in
town yes I have no idea what max plans
are right
ain't that the tooth
gamer child you cases do you think
Wisconsin swing state will go Hillary or
Trump Wisconsin did vote Walker twice
even after a recall attempt voting for
Hillary and the Trump game you know what
Wisconsin is a very strange state
historically for all local elections we
swing red but firm for all presidential
we swing blue it's cuz the cities don't
vote unless it's a presidential limo
steeple don't vote unless you're your
ruler is I could be wrong it seems like
they just vote in more elections maybe
maybe maybe word spreads better in your
local towns like I don't go home to the
boat a Wednesday at the church or
wherever maybe yeah I don't know that's
a theory because Illinois it's the same
thing oh yeah it president presidential
elections blue state yeah for as long as
I can remember it's had a Republican
governor yeah yeah well no it makes
sense the rural areas they vote
differently than the city areas they're
usually usually the rural areas are our
right wing and the cities are liberal
it's usually outworks that is usually
how it plays out that is usually how it
plays out
