No Man's Why (part 3)
August 17, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E-vUQYarjeU

do seven of Borgnine says guys here's
money for a computer what are your
favorite horror films also rich please
say go Mariners go Mariners I'm not sure
okay I'm not a jerk the Mariners are
rival sports team so that I have nothing
personal against the Mariners okay all
right that's fine that's that's fine and
that's fair
though I do have something personal
against the Yankees cuz fuck the Yankees
right which made me think about Seinfeld
which made me think about I haven't read
the whole thing yet but it made me think
about something brilliant I saw last
night the Seinfeld script you saw it you
saw it I have not read it but I know it
exists please I started reading it is
it's fucking great somebody has written
a Seinfeld fan script it is a Seinfeld
9/11 episode
it's how the gang would deal with 9/11
and the aftermath they weren't like I'm
not like in the towers right that's
great it's so great I've heard nothing
but good things I haven't dared read it
yet like I'm done I'm not gonna spoil
things no no some good shit someone
wrote a fan script utilizing all the
characters in Seinfeld who the main
players
yeah and how they would deal with the
aftermath of 9/11 oh it's brilliant I've
heard from from comedian friends of mine
that it is pitch perfect to the Seinfeld
yes as well Oshin
that's my opinion so far that they
nailed it they absolutely nailed it
that's great
and yeah just Google that Seinfeld 9/11
script maybe maybe beyond private
browser so that doesn't come up in your
Google search history as your family
looks on they might have some
interesting questions for you later
but I've heard about this okay I can't
talk about it without spoiling anything
but it's really good right that's really
good
I'm excited now now all we can hope for
is that some fine oh no what are you
doing I didn't tell you to go into space
you fart oh my god you're going further
in this bin now also Sarah Chen says
she's ok with police quest okay but does
want us to play morphine expert okay and
we will oblige we will see jack jack had
a good counter argument which this has
been a while since we've done a police
question the last talkie voice thing we
did was express right so we need a
little balance in our talkie voice thing
but after that I will advocate for
Phoenix right okay I'm down I'm okay
with this anonymous hello jack and rich
I have been a viewer for of the of the
flow for over a year but I have not
posted a tip before you two are the
funniest persons on the internet so
thank you
I would like watery flesh okay what all
right yeah that's fine yeah that's
that's Jay what a good stew water a beef
stew that's a watery flesh there's
nothing creepy about that right the dark
matter says son I found this script
under your bed could you imagine if you
were a teenager and you know like your
parents caught you reading a 911 comedy
you know what have you got cool parents
they won't care they'll love it too III
know some people who don't have cool
parents and like they would flip oh yeah
what's this about 9/11 I think enough
time has passed yeah it's all you can
tell the jokes it's probably now but I'm
just I'm just imagining like a young
person you know in the end they like
year after 9/11 like hiding
piece of comedy from their finger and
yes nobody was interested in 911 comedy
a year afterwards wouldn't have right
right that's true
mmm let's see this time so this says
mark Burrell was my favorite bro Mark
Buehrle
burly mark Burley was my favorite think
we asleep depressants so horribly it
took me a while to realize what you're
talking about yeah he was great he got
the save in Game three of the World
Series
wild drunk but I I was watching the
World Series on the TV me and me and
Kern we're at a little pizza place a
little pizza place they did they sold by
the slice data they had TV in there
we're eating pizza and watching the game
and during the World Series they were
down by like three runs and Paul Konerko
hit a grand slam and I jumped out of my
seat cheering like in public making a
complete jackass out of myself yeah in
public new sports people I'll never
understand you but hey if it's what
makes me happy that's all it matters
that's all that matters let's see here
this time soup is his favorite moment of
that series was Posehn Dick's walk off
yeah it was pretty good Game one it
wouldn't have happened without Paul
Konerko hitting the Grand Slam I think
that was the same game oh well there
that was a fuckin 15 inning game 15 to
16 inning it vent went very much deck
four innings Oh sports they throw the
balls and then they catch the balls it
was a class sometimes they hit the ball
sometimes they miss the ball is when
they can want to hit the balls and I
know that's embarrassing there's balls
the first fun game and that's that's
very embarrassing for all people a very
fun game
I'd appreciate that rich what if you can
rename your ship and you get the one
with the big balls on it yeah Anonymous
is saying you should name it the Breen
all right I'm okay with that also are
you a Cubs fan no fuck the Cubs nobody
in Chicago is a fan of both teams you
pick one of them and then you stick with
that for the rest of your goddamn life
anonymous says I hope not fuck the Cubs
lol fuck my cock correct answer rich
Evans you did it you did it you nailed
it dr. death stalker rich jack here's
five dollars to never play this game
ever again this will be the last time we
stream it yes and as soon as I if I can
manage to get to the center of the
universe I'm going to check out that
thing where it says how far I am away
from the center I don't know if I care
enough I it's important to me because
I've set that as my personal goal I
think I think if a game loses you that
badly oh you don't care if it's lost the
ending or not that fast so hard if 90%
of your game is bad I don't think you're
gonna pull it pull it out in the last
second I don't think that's gonna work I
think I know you know what it won't it
won't pull it off in the last second it
will give me a sense of closure okay
that's all I'm looking for with no man's
guy it's already wrecked for me today
today it just kept spiraling further and
further down I have some very harsh
words for it that I've written down and
we will talk about those harsh words
maybe Friday all right I think you'll be
ready Friday yeah yeah maybe we'll film
it on Friday
I'd like to do that because then I'd
have the weekend to edit it
jyggalag maybe I will maybe I will once
if I think I'm getting close to the end
maybe I'll stick a camera on myself if
you want to see my reaction to getting
to the center of the universe in for us
is Jack who are your comedian friends do
you know Paul F Tompkins he's the best I
do not know Paul F Tompkins no no very
small small small stand-up comedian
friends probably no one you would hurt
you have ever heard of except for the
one I've talked about all the time my
cousin Jake because he's great yes
please film yourself getting to the
center okay if I think I'm getting close
I will I will stick a camera on myself
you only got like one jump that would be
you know what that would actually just
be disheartening because of it was still
a lost day that was all I was doing
today rich going onto the planet get the
three wars I mean was work it was work I
got these three things I need oh do I
have to choose a specific planet no
these three things are on every planet
and they all look the same on every
planet so there's not even that like
exploration diversity okay now I get
these three things I make the change in
things I go back up to space I shoot
some asteroids okay I make the warp core
now I would jump now I jump now and now
I have to make sure I save between every
jump because the game's crashing so I
jump have to go into a space station get
out of my ship so it saves get back in
my spaceship go out and jump go back
into a space station get out of my ship
so it saves get out get out of the space
station jump again that was all fucking
day yep yep it was a goddamn grind and
I'm not there I'm gonna play this for a
little bit until I can't take it yeah
and then I'm just gonna play or exposed
I'm okay that's my playing tomorrow
where was it I has to sniper says here's
a little towards the new PC fund any
plan any plans I'm playing Civ six when
it comes out this October also what's
your favorite movie adaptation of a book
have you played any of the sieve games I
should I haven't I used to play him
every once in a while you know like
they're they're really fun to just pick
up that once in a while I'll fight
Gandhi you know Susan Sims been around
forever but I didn't discover the
turn-based strategy genre until late in
life last seven years we should do a
sieve stream yeah
well how about that we'll do a
civilization stream because uh they just
you know what they're fun anytime
Abraham Lincoln can fight Gandhi you're
having a good time
actually Ivan actually I didn't play
master of Ryan but I didn't start
playing other turn-based strategy game I
played the other reason I played classic
XCOM was because of the shitty ex-con
reboot then eventually came out as the
bureau and they turned into a very I
remember III they showed that and all of
the ExCom fans were pissed that they
turned their beloved franchise into a
shooter and I'm like I gotta see what
the hype was about in the old one I
played the old one I'm like oh my god
this is good alright civilization stream
it's happening shadow Oh favorite movie
adaptation of a book riches already
answered that question I think what am I
saying
you have said Fight Club in the past
yeah alright and I think that is a
really fine movie adaptation of a book
I'm trying to think of maybe something
that's a little bit better or or not
better than just a better adaptation
yeah yeah better the Fight Club just a
better adaptation and it's it's really
tough to think this is something that
would have to stay true to the book or
not true to the Booker and proved on the
book something that improves on them
Fight Club is one of those rare cases
where the movie improves on the book
have you read any other Chuck Palahniuk
books I should but I haven't their
answer there is one of the most
frustrating and wonderful reading
experiences of my lives he wrote a book
and you guys know me I forget names I
think it's called invisible monsters
okay can can the chant double check me
on that there's nothing wrong with a
Cold War spy it's not the one with the
Cold War spy that one sounds amusing
that's what I should that Oh first of
all you should read that one that's no
that's the Chuck that's the game show
host okay whose is that what you're
thinking the game show host who runs the
gong show and moonlights as a Cold War
spy I'm not sure I remember hearing a
description once and it sounded funny I
don't remember the details what maybe
lullaby my beats invisible monsters is
the one with the models oh that's when I
mind already oh I hate that so much
walked all the way over here for jack
shit oh okay oh thank you cinnamon yes
okay so what does that what what is um
there's a confession of a dangerous mind
oh sorry go ahead
no no do you finish your confessions of
a dangerous mind is the is the is the
slightly real slightly fictional
autobiography of what's-his-name of the
host of the gong show
oh I I'm not gonna remember the host
name right I think it's Chuck something
and in his autobiography he claims that
the only reason he was the host of the
gong show was because he was a spy I've
heard this I've heard this and so he
would take the or the winners of the
dating game or something would go to
weird locations like Russia so he could
do his spy stuff and the book is
fantastic and then they made a movie of
it with George Clooney and the guy from
moon
whatever his name is Sam Rockwell's and
I didn't like the movie very much but I
loved the book confessions of a
dangerous mind is a book that everyone
needs to read Chuck Barris Thank You Len
Fleck ocinski
I think I think I found a running
strategy that works for me oh yeah you
don't seem to lose all of your mental
momentum when you jump another rocket
back yeah so I like run till it gets not
not close to the bottom like halfway
through then I do some jump back and get
the momentum up until the run bar goes
up then I land and I started sprinting
nice and then when the jump pack goes
all the way back up I started jumping
yeah okay that's a good strategy that
seems to be working for me
so yeah confessions of a dangerous mind
is the book that everyone should read
because it is wonderful the way he
writes it you know you're you're 99%
sure that all of this spy stuff is
completely fake yeah but the way he
writes it it's like well maybe it could
be real and it's just a fun read yeah
and then you know it also talks about
him be as a television producer and and
and just like how he got his job in 70s
Hollywood so it's a really neat read
Chuck Palahniuk the writer of Fight Club
also wrote a book called invisible
monsters which is a book that I cannot
tell you anything about because it would
spoil everything but here's what I can
tell you I stopped reading that book
three times because it was such a
frustrating read what way the characters
didn't seem to make any sense the story
was jumbled like it jumped around
timewise yeah and it was so it was
complicated and it was not a very fun
read okay and then you hit this book or
you hit this point like halfway through
the book where you cannot put it down
because all of the character traits and
all of the story elements start weaving
together okay okay and is by far my
favorite
Chuck Palahniuk book because of the way
he he ties it all together invisible
monsters if you like Fight Club you know
he he wrote choke as well which I didn't
much care for
and he wrote lullaby he were he I mean
he write writes a lot of books and
invisible monsters is just the greatest
it's a great great read but just be
prepared to be frustrated that's it
here's here's my question yeah
Fight Club fight super popular right the
the movie the movie yes well they're
super popular enough at a popular cult
hint how come none of his other books
got banned movies if you read his other
books I think they're hard to make into
movies okay I think even Fight Club
spoiler alert for Fight Club by the way
I'm putting that out there
spoiler alert for Fight Club because
these two characters are actually the
same character I bet people weren't even
thinking to cast two actors you know
like into making into making it a movie
and so you just had to find that right
director who had the vision to turn it
into a movie right and I think his other
books like they made choke into a movie
and it did not do very well oh did they
yeah I don't even remember that big
movie exactly no one did it bombed oh
wow okay well I explains everything
question question withdrawn Sam Rockwell
was in choke even apparently yeah so
choke is directed by Clark Gregg aka
Agent Coulson for no good reason I have
expected you to say Clark Kent I don't
know why no idea why I thought that
but that popped right into my head Clark
Kent directed by Clark my head clerk
came why are you talking about card oh
shit Greg who is agent Cole you full of
shit jack you full of shit Clark Kent
didn't direct that he's a fictional
character so so in any case I think his
books are are complicated and they're a
little a lot of times a good book will
rely on the viewer not being able to see
anything and filling in pieces with
their mind like you know what book
should can never ever be a movie much
the giver which they made into a movie
I'm sorry the whole premise of that book
was this boy trying to figure out what
these weird visions were and as it turns
out his whole life was in black and
white and he just didn't know it that
can never be a movie um in any case
lullaby also could never be a or not
lullaby uh invisible monsters could
never be a movie for reasons first
boiler reasons unless someone can figure
out a really clever way around the
visual problem okay
we were even talking about or even
talking about shadowy five says here's
ten bucks to play this game again so far
you paying out you're out you're out
voted out bid a bit and no how about
that how about all those things we're
talking and that's really what our
streams are yes we would over podcast
we're podcast we understand that it's
not you know it's nice to get some game
talk in there sometimes but yeah we're
just here to talk about shit and tie and
play play video game whilst doing so tec
brady 133 rich when the baseball game
with the head when the baseball game
with the heckler yeah did he invite you
to his home to see his battle dolls
I mean Wendy's head no great and cure
Ronnie says bypassed the compressor oi
okay and relish the relish says hey guys
I've been a longtime fan and I wanted to
thank you for the years worth of laughs
and enjoyment and I bought a ps4 just
for doom and blood-borne glad you love
it
fine games are great games really great
game great games and and with
blood-borne a great excuse to get
yourself a ps4 make sure you know once
you get once you are into blood-borne
make sure you check out that DLC - oh
good stuff good stuff blood-borne
blood-borne seemed like such a simpler
time no way that's wrong son 16 tons and
would you get another day older and
deeper in debt
what farming gold might not be the
fanciest to work but it's honest work I
know I'm gonna pay - at the end no week
there's gold here I'm gonna
and I got me a pretty pink laser gun you
ever you don't you call me home oh my
soul dude the company's so by the way
for any for any overwatch players I I
just picked this up now rich is playing
with a gun that diva would use right if
you're an overwatch player just pretty
pink pretty pink and turquoise green gun
look at had more slots than the other
one I had Jack I think I'm saying it's a
pretty gun and if you're an overwatch
player there's a what I'm saying is it
was pink and slutty yeah pink and slotty
yeah like II kind of like I'm thinking
slotting orange stray cat says
blood-borne sucked it didn't have three
trillion planets in it anonymous says
greeting one's loved ones I am of course
loved stream today lobster it makes you
want to stab me in the belly of the game
rich tears holes in me okay
this is one give us that overwatch you
know what how about this the master
once I get the new PC which is you know
now that we have talked about it is
closer to happening then I will be able
to play overwatch with you cuz right now
I have it on the Xbox one and I can't
play with you because no one it plays on
the Xbox one once I have it on the PC
I'll be able to play overwatch with you
and we will do an overwatch stream and
there will be much rejoicing and it'll
be fun it'll be great it'll be just as
successful as our tf2 stream
super alte ultra-mega says I've tried
over and over again to get into
blood-borne got kept getting tired of
constant death what do you recommend to
make the experience better not being too
aggressive at first so you're
comfortable with the game learned dodge
frequently learn take cheap-ass shots
that's super important
get yourself a long-range axe start with
the axe it's long range instead of
running up to enemies stay away stay
back
charge up a shot and then when they're
in range with your longer reach weapon
yeah let loose the dogs of war even
those first fuckers in that hallway you
have to play the game and this is tough
for a lot of players because you know
we're used to minions if you're playing
it as a war of attrition of health
attrition you're going to lose I think
most players are used to like the
enemies that you can cut through like
butter yeah you have to treat every
single enemy in blood-borne as if they
can kill you because they can that that
like farmer looking guy with the pickaxe
he can kill you pitchfork he has a
pitchfork the farmer looking guy with a
pitchfork can and will kill you in
another game you easily take out six of
them at once right not in blood-borne
and it's then level up and then you can
come back and do that and it's very
satisfying it's very satisfying so like
you changing your mindset is the most
important part go really slow one enemy
at a time run away if you have to yes
it's okay to run away you'll get there
you'll get there once you get a feel for
it it's very rewarding with that well
then see that they're saying and that's
what makes the game great you feel
useless kind of because you feel useless
at first and you feel cheap at first but
then as you go through and as you learn
your moves and as he upgrade your weapon
you start to become a gigantic badass I
know what weapons and what attacks are
effective against this particular enemy
type yeah I know this is the one I need
to weigh you know wait wait for the big
lunge in the money's a sexist read you
know getting back into the default any
attack them mmm-hmm yeah you learn and
it's a different experience than other
games because like like we said you're
used to playing games where yeah oh yeah
I can slice through these guys like
butter so I'm just gonna run through to
the boss every enemy is a boss they'll
all kill you
learn learn that dodge learn to dodge
effectively and frequently learn that
dodge and learn your parry learn your
gun for for trolls use that gun they're
great oh I love this game JJ checkered
that's right don't always lock on
sometimes locking on will fuck you up
sometimes you just got to roll away that
dodging roll roll away roll away you can
do it it's in you blood-borne I fucking
love blood-borne hunchback jack says in
no man's sky this giant floating chunk
of gold can kill you with boredom rich
rich has a plan
we are not ending the stream until rich
gets a nice ship that's that's the goal
that was the goal for today and that's
what's gonna happen hmm
tired and sad says hey guys do you
prefer the chill Hollywood insider Kevin
Smith or the manic pothead Kevin Smith
did you hear he loved Suicide Squad he
likes all kinds of dumb things because
he's a fanboy that says DC he'll
circuits cock
yep remember that one time he's like
yeah yeah Batman versus Superman wasn't
the greatest and then a week later was
like I meant it was the greatest I meant
it was perfect in every way I don't like
either of those Kevin Smith's I've never
paid enough attention to notice the
difference you know and Kevin Smith
anything laid-back hey I would guess
what should which Kevin Smith is the
manic one I don't know if I'm familiar
with manic cuz he's the one we have now
oh I haven't paid attention him in a
while then the chill Hollywood insider
is it by the one we all kind of know and
love which is like you know he's just
this like he were he was this and I
guess now he's again this fringe
filmmaker right yeah just this indie
darling who who tripped his way into
Hollywood and so there was this brief
period of time
Tripta tripped tripped okay he clerks
was never meant to get him where he got
but he tripped into Hollywood and then
there was this time where he was still
kind of one of us just this schmuck in
Hollywood and and that's when we got
like all of the evening with Kevin Smith
stuff where he was just telling stories
about Prince and about Barbra
Streisand's hairdresser turned producer
those were hilarious times and what oh
oh you got a bomb yeah careful man yeah
run until it's halfway down yeah jump
sure what is this thing they keep saying
where you have to like melee and jump or
something and that seems too goofy for
me to want to do it okay
it's an exploit kind of thing it's like
the strafe rocket jumping and hey
everyone runs around and the high levels
of Unreal Tournament yeah it's too goofy
for me too glitchy too goofy no you know
what like okay Kevin Smith as a
filmmaker is very important to a lot of
people including myself he's the one who
showed us that we could do this and
that will never be taken away from
straight a lot of lives from people who
tried and did not know but a lot of
people did a lot of people are doing is
Kevin B Kevin Spence inadvertently
responsible for a lot of suicides I can
do it Kevin Smith can do it I can no I
can't my filmmaking degrees of shame why
Kevin Smith did you make me movie even a
bogus dream right thank you guys for
being with me and I'm calling or just
laughing with me Ojai Street CEO in any
case I guess so I guess chill Hollywood
insider Kevin Smith but I just like the
weird filmmaker Kevin Smith the the man
who introduced the world to Ben Affleck
that's true it's true the Ben Affleck
who best known at the time for playing
the snotty manager of fashionable male
in in mall right yeah and then he took a
risk on this kid to put him in his indie
drama about gay people and now he's
Batman that's great that's what a great
world we live in
indeed romantic dramedy LTG be romantic
dramedy and that's what chasing amy is
is it because you know he's a guy she's
a girl
huh is it really an LGBT drama D yeah
it's not a gay romance it's not a gay
romance it's a sham no it's dealing with
it it's dealing with it with it from a
straight perspective but it's still LTG
B and you know I mean you know how it
ends yeah so Mallrats did you know it
ends with the protagonist being a
fucking idiot
the point where it ruined the rest of
the movie that came before yeah you know
yeah still comes Jo I'm sure chasing amy
is incredibly dated chasing amy was
dated a year after it came out but gold
if Kevin Smith falls down in the woods
and no one is around to hear it doesn't
make a sound yes because he'll do a
podcast on it later
he'll dedicate an entire podcast he'll
dedicate one of his seven podcasts to
how he fell down that one time in the
woods he realized he couldn't make
movies and I I clawed that yep can't
blow those up he's still making movies
TNG after-dark says hi hey Jack based on
some of these tips I'm starting to think
that most of your audience is future
serial killers oh and hi rich hey you
made me hate no man's sky I'm sorry yep
apparently I'm playing it wrong there
you go yes leftover beefcake Fight Club
is a better movie than chasing Amy of
course it is Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin
Kevin Kevin Kevin but a lot of stuff
what do you need this no I'm very lucky
actually
Oh oh god yeah you needed that an
anonymous says speaking of Suicide Squad
you still haven't seen it no I don't
care that I'm never going I have spoil
the fuck out of it if you want oh oh no
I haven't seen it yet I will probably
see it but I'll probably wait until it's
on demand and then yeah watch it by
myself because my wife has enough
self-respect not to watch it but I'll
just watch it because I am curious
I do like clerks to Jack trigger Joyce
I do like clerks - did you see clerks -
no probably shed I like lurch there
there are some movies that are more just
kind of analogies for where Kevin Smith
is in his life and I like that I like
filmmakers who make movies about their
lives it's all I like some of the Rocky
movies better than other the Rocky
movies and clerks - was this perfect
little story about Kevin you know Kevin
Smith kind of forgetting the kind of
movies he makes and then going back to
make the kind of movies he makes and I
thought I'm not making those movies
again after that no no that's what he
did do - you know much to the Johanne
chagrin of many people that's why it
like that's why I just started making
movies he wanted to again instead of oh
I like the tusks like test right I'm
just gonna do what I want like for a
while he was on board he was going to
direct the the green that green arrow
The Green Hornet movie yeah remember
movie did you see that movie they make
it yeah Oh Green Hornet's I have not
seen that movie The Green Hornet
starring Seth Rogen directed by Michel
Gondry it's pretty bad but he was on
board to direct that and turned it down
what did I get that I get what wait Oh
various life forms it's not it's not a
crash
it's not it wasn't it was not a crash
ship
oh I'm sorry anonymous I stopped reading
after speaking of Suicide Squad I feel
like the movie is way too underrated it
wasn't as but that bad as people made it
out to be remember this is the DC
universe a universe that started out
unplanned this is the best way this I
haven't seen it I will watch it
eventually yeah I like a lot of Kevin
Smith movies I haven't seen tusk
I really should see you know what I
should see tusks and I really should see
zack and miri I haven't seen Zack and
Miri Make a Porno which I know is the
movie that kind of killed him on the
inside
yeah because it bombed so horribly and
that's the movie that like it was it was
the the poor reception to that movie
that like drove him to be a huge giant
useless pothead he tells stories about
that now where he's just like oh yeah
you know like like I made these all
these movies about pot and I was never
really a big pothead and you know like
Seth Rogen when he was on set of Zack &
Miri kept on like wanting to get high
with me I was like I actually I don't
really smoke that much and Seth Rogen
was like shocked and after the movie
failed he just locked himself in his
office and started smoking and that was
where was I I I I kind of fell out I
fell off the Kevin Smith wagon a while
ago like I remember the early days of
the SModcast his first podcast when he
only had one beacons the one I want on
transmission tower which is what I want
for the possible ship I think it is the
beacon or that one the transmission
tower right you want the tower yeah okay
because the tower is the thing that will
give you one of these things and it
might be a ship yes Kevin Smith that as
the story goes as Kevin Smith tells it
after zack and miri started flopping and
getting panned in the reviews that's
when he turned it to pot hard
that's right ultimate in Hollywood you
just kind of fail upwards classic Kevin
Smith Oh arch avail hi rich and other
guy yo there's no other guy here RTL
sorry since getting the ship is the end
goal and this is the last no man stream
please do what you can to vent all of
our frustrations by fucking up the ship
lol hand up ass well he doesn't want to
destroy the ship he's still got a fly
the ship I can't crash into anything
well not on the plane I have to get shot
at by something did you ever did you
ever crash into the space station yeah
you just boss you roll around like a
madman there's no damage I just laughed
when it happened to me I accidentally
crashed into it yeah and I rolled around
like a madman tired and sad says what do
you think of Jared Leto saying he feels
he was tricked into doing Suicide Squad
I think that is Jared Leto covering his
ass now that the movie is universally
thought of as a flop and terrible all of
the actors are in what is called damage
control
damage control I was
use a spin spin mode but damage control
is also a good work and so now all the
actors will say well you know what I I
never really liked this project to begin
with and oh you know I like I had a lot
of ideas that weren't implemented and
they're all gonna go their own way too
unstable plasma alright it's a LAN
disrupter grenade oh okay great yeah
that gives you a grenade technology not
that I've had any use for grenades
really but uh this jared leto is the
same person who was like mailing used
condoms to his co-stars because he was
getting into the character so much what
eight minutes of screen time is that
wasn't much so it's like he can say he
was tricked into it but everyone on set
called him a horrible asshole because he
was you know like too into the character
so hopefully I'm gonna find it I know
I'm gonna find the perfect ship and it's
just gonna be just out of my price range
are you that oh you think you have
enough gold you're going up you're going
up like I have enough gold to get
something decent okay alright he was
tricked into mailing those comics you're
right kind of suave
it's not at legal because it's Hollywood
sorry Jen and the nd he's an actor and
he was just getting into getting into
the role there was an interview with
Will Smith like where they were talking
about all the Jared Leto shenanigans and
Will Smith was like he was being very
diplomatic but he's like yeah yeah that
was all crazy I mean for me I just gone
setting you know I act but which I
always think is the best response to
anyone who's a method actor
yeah you know you can just go and save
the lines and you know be an actor or
male condoms to people that's fine to
Tartans head says what do you know that
was that's what was what tired and said
great I think so Cosmo I think
professional actors can get into a role
without doing stupid shit I do and it
works for you rich I believed you as
space cop you were space cop technically
I was space cop yes yes what did you
what did you have to do to get into the
role of space cop I'm talking a weird
voice yeah yeah no but I mean like
emotive mentally and emotionally that's
it like you're an actor yeah yeah weird
weird what I said Co weird
I think that's right Krieger method
acting is just bad acting I don't have
any titanium do I do you need titanium
if I get attacked by pirates I'm all you
need iron for your shields or titanium I
think works really well I don't think I
have much I are either titanium does not
recharge your shields pretty sure to us
titanium is yellow one no yes it is what
am I thinking of I don't know what
you're thinking of you know what I'm
thinking of I'm thinking of plutonium
that's the red crystal lutonium does not
charge us yeah okay you might be right
the yellow ones charge your shield what
you do what's going on nothing
okay
the customer wants to know if you can
get into a space battle on this stream
when's the last time you saved they're
curious customers yeah we'll see you
know it's a lot of it's randomly
generated well it's all randomly
generated oh but I'm Jim no I mean the
space battles are oh yes big fat liar
well I just meant like a lot of the your
encounter yeah they're they're exciting
they don't happen that much and they get
old quick yeah that's firefighters you
dog okay that's five fighters no no okay
just five fighters are okay the big
skirmishes from the trailer head that
doesn't happen no that doesn't happen
like getting caught in the middle of a
huge battle you're gonna have five
between two factions yeah that never
happens I mean not like rarely I mean
that just doesn't happen it's not at the
game yeah it's a lie what I'm saying is
it's a fraud it's a lie
what sinking soul says careful with
sticking around space mining or you'll
run into pirates
well then Casper will get his space
battle yeah yeah nope that's not
happening
aye today - or yesterday to upgrade my
my warp drive yeah
all I spent maybe an hour and a half
just looking for iridium yeah which is
in asteroids couldn't come across it to
save my life potato today I run into a
planet all the asteroids are iridium
yeah the inventory full rich anything in
your exosuit you can sell that every
damn there you go
for this
what does indeed oh you too far away now
yeah we're drifting oh well maybe maybe
someone's looking for a nickel I don't
think nickel souls decently tired and
sad says Leto definitely did definitely
has the ability for a good Joker
performance but the decision to make him
a thug who was a big mistake they needed
to make him different no cuz the heath
weather Joker was really popular right
yes they kind of gone with a comic
version of the Joker they're gonna con
with us on the traditional because they
had something weird show always you're
short but the world I don't think the
world was really traditional
by different I meant they couldn't do
ledger yeah yeah but they could have
done something more traditional was it
for Mark Mark Hamill II was anyone else
in the movie more traditional I didn't
see a movie neither did I i I'm assuming
it doesn't matter what everyone else in
the movie is this is your Joker this is
the Joker you are going to be stuck with
for a decade but you also have to go
along with the tone of the movie now the
crafting in universe Jack a universe cut
that shit you know they're not they know
they're not I I saw what he was going
for I again I haven't seen the movie so
I don't know if it'll if it works I'm
hearing a lot that it didn't there but
it's you know it's a lot more than just
how he looks I'm sure maybe this script
wasn't that great I don't know
you're keen oh that is an adorable
spaceship it's gonna have like five
slots
chateau le 5 says not DC fan suicide
squad was made to introduce random
villains Joker was not supposed to be in
there but required to be this is a
complicated movie because of DC mess
what do people expect from it they
expect movie expect me dreamer TK I'm
still getting tips did I miss you
somewhere
rich have you ever played Xena nuts I
should I haven't yet okay I have it you
have it they want to know they want to
know our DCE you fans as bad as prequel
fans Darth Shinzon says you know dart
Shinzon says yes yeah I might be willing
to agree they're the the people these
are the people who who wanted to shut
down Rotten Tomatoes for bad reviews mmm
I think they've reached a weird
irrational level and it's the prequel
fans are only like that way about Star
Wars but like now like we're not just
talking about like Zack Snyder movies or
Batman Superman movies we're talking
about all of the DC catalog is now is
now untouchable because of these people
so and they might be worse at least with
Star Wars people well now we're getting
more Star Wars movies - so they're all
just cheerful fans are delusional about
reality DC see you fans are just
delusional about taste alright so I
don't have to see it annoying my eyes
anymore I'm gonna claim the DLC ship
okay you're just gonna claim it yeah you
don't need to you don't need to take it
do you
well I wanted to stop blinking take this
ship take this ship okay no but I got a
hyper jump thing you know what I'll jump
first then I'll do this and we'll we'll
do our trading at the starship in the
next sector okay great so I don't waste
that warp
can't waste the warp oh and you know
what let me see where um you know oh
where the number is hold on here
distance to center in my ears huh
where's his head oh right under ye right
under linear distance yeah yeah oh and
you know I guess I guess I just
concentrated on linear distance and
didn't even pay attention to distance to
centre yeah okay all right now I know I
can't wait to see how close I am I
cannot wait to see how close I am I feel
like I should be a lot closer maybe
longer the wrong direction is that
possible no I'm following the you know I
I'm on the preset okay this is the path
to the center of the universe path to
Tooley own neither of us like the game
spoiler alert for our review that we're
gonna film later imagine Jack more so
than me I am very upset with the game
possibly because I was a little more
hopeful then rich was riches is the more
cynical one yeah and I think I got my
heart a little broken I'm seeing some
problems I expected yeah right and then
somebody did not and I didn't expect
there to be no space faction war stuff
mm-hmm
I didn't expect that to be completely
gutted from existing so the the game is
not very purple this universe or this
this uh galaxy where's the star base
here they have to you're right that's oh
there is where it's my left to your left
oh this is one I want it's an arrow
shaped definitely what you want I love
it
came across one that was like a look
like a giant pokéball it was gorgeous I
like it that they're shaped differently
rich does hate everything and he hates
this he just hates it less than I do I'm
upset with it rich is just riches yeah
rich knew it wasn't gonna be the
greatest I was worried I didn't know I
didn't know I was worried there would be
in a variety and the planets mm-hmm and
the stuff you do yep
and yeah this is very much a grind I
expected more space stuff yeah yeah more
shooty shooty more space different wars
and whatnot mm-hmm more space stuff
would have been fine even more stuff on
the planet like once I've been digging
around on a lot of planets once once
you're in the one house where you have
to play the math game with the robot you
go to the next world and there's that
same house with the math game and the
robot and go to the next world and
there's the it's well now the house is
purple but it's the same house with the
math game and the robot it's same same
house different paint that's the game
it's a it's a stage play marketed as a
movie what oh I thought you're gonna
turned over I thought you're no no see
what that ship is you gotta hit that
boost when you get close I could have
some storage in it what do you got what
do you got motherfucker hey show me your
slots community theater stage play yes
22 oh it's cheap too it's cheap 22
uh-huh it's like 22 I mean I didn't do
all that grinding so I can get a 22 slot
ship all right rich 22 22 22 nice slots
pretty cheap right it's you know you see
a stage play and and you know all of a
sudden they they they move it they you
know they put a different curtain behind
the same stage and go now
you're in the Sahara but you've you
fucking now it's the same stage and then
they put the blue curtain and they go
now we're underwater hmm
that's what this game is it's just a
really fancy fucking curtain in front of
the same stage I like the way it looks
though it's a very nice curtain rich
curtain curtain that's that's because
it's a stage play this is the metaphor
I'm going with okay now 22 slots I like
to look you I really like to look II it
better be a decent fucking shit's gonna
have four slots of course well that's it
I but it probably has like a hyped up
warp engine or something I can build
warp engines I need space yeah but you
need space for warp engines too you know
that's true Seraphin or Saphir and you
need that curtain if your community
theater plays involves a mermaid's
you're right you're right and you know
what there's nothing wrong with a
community theater play either but if a
community theater play starts
advertising themselves as a blockbuster
movie then your expectations are gonna
be a little jilted when your audience
comes in and sees the stage play woo a
pretty pink ship to match your pretty
pink gun this is gonna be the one to
have like 35 slots
25:23 that other one that had 22 was
under a million being so fucking picky
about this it's not funny there was
under a mil rich that one with why
couldn't you be a nicer ship jerk
ya know same one huh yeah you gotta find
that ball ship again that ball ship was
was there was that twenty eight slots
I should get more voice as a voice
worker in a galaxy far far away Darth
2303 yeah the problem is I don't
actively look for voice work I probably
could but yeah I got out of a shit I'm
doing so sit we're just gonna wait until
a decent ship lands is that what's going
on that's kind of the plan this is where
they land that one looks so cool it does
it's such a crappy ship though why is it
such a crappy ship all right we know you
don't have an alpha fuck's sake well
take a look what if it's the magic one
it's a waste of time what else are you
gonna do during this time what I'm gonna
watch these other ones come in to see
what we got Chuck's text says there are
only four available ship types per
station or something really so you might
have to jump again and go to a different
station cuz it looks like you're gonna
get the same types of shit fuck's sake
for fuck's sake this is what they're
telling me I can't I mean I cannot
confirm nor deny well I was different
oh look at that one
oh that's extra fun
no one's gonna have like 10 right 10
slots right
whoo dad Oh rich is blowing up
probably something important I need to
pick up a strainer and pot on my way
home no okay
it is Thursday for you guys consider
potential time investments in waiting it
well it's not Thursday for us it's still
it's still Wednesday its 11:14 for us
1114 it is 11:14 at the moment okay yeah
I was in some place I uh in high school
not after I did some crew I enjoyed crew
significantly more than being in the
play because I felt like I did more I
have a pot in the strainer why she asked
me to get one she might not know where
it is hold on the woman needs a pot in a
strainer whoo Thank You dreamer TK I do
need eggs just set another pot I guess
she wants to for some reason two pots
okay
two bucks she said another okay all
right great
I do need eggs I'm gonna stop and get
eggs on my way home rich is gonna get a
pot and a strainer don't forget that
strainer all right so I'll change out
the ship change out the ship go to the
next station
get some warp fuel and we'll get to the
next station okay great
uh-oh I'm in the wrong venue entirely
this one oh and you have stuff in that
other menu that you can sell upload and
get you just in case you need that extra
twenty thousand yeah credits or whatever
well I'm not gonna find it here
apparently from what I've heard so what
we're just gonna race towards you were
just comparing I just wanted to make
sure you moved anything over from your
old ship which you could do here and you
don't have anything to move over so
you're fine yeah I sold everything
great great get to new ship then which
is a cooler ship yeah yeah it is cool
ship
why couldn't you be cooler good jerk we
have not been standing up I'll stream
that's fine it's fine I've been biking a
lot lately usually I bike to work I
didn't I didn't bike here today but
usually I bike in and so I've been less
worried about standing up because I get
my exercise biking in and today I'm just
tired
you know why I'm tired cuz I've been
grinding in this fucking game all day
all fucking day going towards the center
of the universe not towards the center
I am so curious what my long day of
traveling to the center disappointment
huh disappointment well no I'm just
curious how close I am if I get home and
it says you are 100 light years in the
center of the universe I'm gonna be
pissed
oh no he did not buy the pre-order ship
the game has been yelling at rich to
claim his pre ownership since he started
the game and he has refused to do so
until just right now he did not purchase
the pre-order ship but
jack is going to be so disappointed I
I'm sure I'm going to be disappointed
which is why I will have a camera on me
when I get to the center of the universe
just in case I feel like flipping the
fuck out what have you been if you've
been going the wrong way the whole time
what does happen the going backwards
what are you following the line the
wrong way you can you can only follow
the line wondering so you say when
you're in the mass oh you say so you say
either you can either go towards a
predetermined Waypoint you can free
explore or you can follow the path to
the center of the universe and I've been
following the path and when you click on
the follow the path there is only one
direction to go there's not two
directions to go or sometimes if I've
also gotten the side mission where the
guy tells you where the black hole is
and then that's a different map option
than them thanks you did where the black
hole is yeah but as I mentioned earlier
I am over 50 warps in and four black
holes in and I have not yet reached the
center of the universe and I'm starting
to get frustrated
or center of the galaxy or wherever
wherever the fuck we're going in the
game I don't care do you have the right
recipes to make warp fuel that's coming
up huh that's coming up what's coming up
this I'm gonna I'm gonna learn that
momentarily okay great
no black holes do not set you back the
you talk to you talk to a priest robot
and it specifically says shortcut to the
center of the universe unless what you
being scammed unless I'm being scammed
in which case I will be double pissed
but no I can no it is a religious thing
and it's got to be bogus just a
light-hearted dig don't get bad a shape
chat I'm sorry they yes they should be
wormholes but they're called black holes
they should be wormholes because they
move you through space and time but
that's a Jack trigger choice I've
actually never watched The West Wing
have you seen the West Wing no I used to
watch sports night all the time and West
Wing was made by the same guy did I
totally go past the entrance right a
fuck I don't know do I get in this this
this here we go now shit they say if you
use bombs on this and goes faster yeah
by the way I don't know if that's true
or not but ya know I think I reload all
that reload time
I hate these fucking things
we can't be sure that black holes are
not wormholes in I don't know the game
calls them black holes so that's what
I'm gonna call them I know they resonate
and b-flat baby what the fuck black
holes
apparently the frequency at which black
holes resonate is is the note B flat
really yeah I've never heard that I only
know that because a Josh's band wrote a
song with that title and I made a music
video for them so that's it oh we're
tired in the sound I don't want to turn
says is Jack please watch this official
music video starring Leto's Joker I
don't want to I don't care like I just I
just don't care so no I'm sorry I'm not
gonna thank you for sending it my way oh
I need all this crap okay so first thing
you need is carbon because first you
need to make suspension fluid yeah yeah
yeah I've done this all day rich those
mushrooms great source of carbon yeah
what John we're taking I know where to
get the carbons mushrooms were great
there's also these like big flat things
that are on every planet great another
great source of carbon do a little
skinny skin yep yeah sometimes it just
doesn't because the game's kind of broke
man fuck did he catch you again you get
caught a lot you know I rarely get
caught anymore Jack it's the second time
what's happening mystery that's a lot I
can't tell you the last time I've been
caught
oh nice oh you have plenty of carbon
already yeah all right great
boom
how many make it make a couple
yeah sure yeah make a couple and you'll
have they can get up to like 40 percent
all right now you need the blue stuff
and zinc oh you know you know already
they know no time Anna I know I know
sorry I'm just you figure it out you're
right no you're right you're right job
Jimmy jib you're Ryan every you're right
and when you're right you're right right
right right where's the sink there's
never anything I just buy it fine fine
fuck I wish I could shoot you from space
why can't I assure you from I mean you
can blow up asteroids with those things
can't blow up them you know fucking
hurry diem rocks
that's fucking fat load of bullshit
isn't that bullshit bullshit there's a
lot of tiny thing like that really
doesn't matter in the long run but isn't
that just like it's there's a bunch of
tiny little things of bullshit you know
yes I saw that there's a new pokemon
that looks just like a morel mushroom
and I'm very excited and when the new
Pokemon game comes out will stream in a
little bit Oh God actually I'm gonna get
my hands on a Pokemon uranium the
fan-made pokemon game that was taken
down Oh what does this tell me about
this I don't heard about this it's
interesting oh it's apparently part of
like a 9-year fan project just to make a
Pokemon game yeah and yeah they made all
their own new pokemons some that look a
lot like older Pokemon with just new
colors and names and just a fan project
and they released it and millions of
copies were downloaded for free they
released it for free on their website
and Nintendo waggled their finger and
they took it down he's calling something
different and change the sprites fine oh
and and that's what everyone's saying
now it's just like if you change just a
couple things
you could have sold this game and
everyone would have bought it yeah but
you know it was just you know what
started starting value that shit
yep but for them it was just passion
projects for you know love and Pokemon
and making a Pokemon game make it make
it a game see how see how close to the
name you could get it's called Pokemon
uranium and you can no longer get it
from the official website but apparently
it is all over torrent sites at the
moment so it is the bee's knees
apparently and it actually they say they
changed a lot of how the early game
mechanics work so it's a lot tougher to
don't I got the gunk in my head now dun
dun dun dun pump so we should do a
Pokemon uranium stream can intend oh do
anything about that can they Zonk us no
interesting is not theirs
okay can they Tsongas I like I like Zonk
no no I like a good way to describe it
they cannot because it's not their
property but the name pokeyman is oh
sure yeah so we need some fucking
vegetation twitch does not allow what
Pokemon uranium is banned on Twitch shut
the front door is that true hold on I'm
googling this
45 seconds to the other planet which may
or may not have zinc just go fucking go
buy it go - we're doing this the proper
way Jack fucking go to the space station
and buy it cuz we need that money for a
sweet spaceship you're gonna spend 200
credits out of your 8 million on zinc
you're gonna get it immediately and then
you're in space where you're gonna get
all your Fanny 9 I'm gonna land here
this is gonna be a lush plant world and
I'm gonna get mosaic Isles box its rocks
there's no fucking zinc there get out of
times it's always rocks why is it always
rocks just go by it that's what you have
to do you got to buy your zinc and then
in space you shoot the asteroids for
your family and nine not you're right
cos we're now even Jack thinks rich is
playing wrong right right I get I'm not
even seeing any plant life in the ground
where else dunno fucking go to the Space
Station fucking time fucking waste of my
goddamn time
it's gonna be a solar system without
zinc and that ended there's barely oh my
god you hit the hit the potato you hit
the space potato rich yeah no there's
never zinc man there's never zinc you
get like 15 zinc out of those yellow
fucking flowers old asteroid that's
something that's something you don't see
every day
if I just want my gold in the solar
system
they'll be sweet um Jack have you been
upgrading your ship suit and multi-tool
i've been upgrading my suits a lot i've
been finding the suit modules that's
been very very helpful and i've been
swapping my multi-tool out here and
there i find i haven't found a big
difference in any of them like i and
i've tried upgrading to like the spread
gun or the shoot faster gun and i
haven't noticed any difference which is
again my big problem but i mean i've had
probably eight different guns with
various upgrades and of course i've
upgraded them the suit upgrades are
really easy to notice just because you
get an extra slot i also have the
stamina upgrade
do you like the slots i like all i like
I love the slots I love all the slots I
have a plus two stamina upgrade and I
don't
again notice a big difference
gobbledygook so sorry so yes I have been
upgrading I have not upgraded my ship at
all because I I don't really care well I
did upgrade my warp drive so I can now
warp further I can warp up to three
hundred light years has been my big ship
upgrade but I I haven't really felt the
need to upgrade my ship there's enough
room in my suit and my ship for all the
stuff I need to get my warp coils to
move on to my next planet - to get to
get more warp coils you'll be more
efficient and get to the center faster
don't go straight to a boss as a level 1
yeah yeah don't know what his analogy is
you don't go straight to a boss as a
level 1 usually though the game might
prepare you for that
I haven't found a real need to upgrade
my ship I've gotten into a couple space
battles fish
and I haven't been murdered yet in a
space battle and yeah
besides upgrading my warp drive which
yes that really did help and like I said
earlier I couldn't find fucking iridium
to save my life
was scraping every single Astra potato
asteroid for iridium just nothing but uh
that was very helpful so so I guess you
can i yes i have been playing you
possibly better than rich yeah possibly
but you know again i have oh look at
that one
that better hopefully there's something
real tasty and a potato they got what is
in there
copper yeah you can sell it i can warp
fifteen hundred light years and still
have a hundred thousand light years to
go says chase Balvin yeah I'm curious
I'm very very curious how much further I
have to go after an entire day of
warping and wormholes the starting ship
up you can only make it one warp I think
per per 20 percent warp coil
time is enough it is 1134 okay
I don't I don't know the exact amount
but I think you can only make it one
jump in your original with your original
ship one warp jump away what about the
one warp ship what that's what that's
how far you can go in your original ship
just one tick you need up you can
upgrade the hyperdrive I presume oh you
can and and now I can make it four or
five ticks which is very helpful in my
quest to get to the center well usually
what's you're using using the original
or did you find a new one the original
okay you can still you know like when
you when you go or when you when you
talk to the robots they give you
schematics and one of those Raskin backs
are for your ship and gun and suit and I
found a ship schematic that was a
upgrade to my warp drive and very
helpful very very helpful in my quests
to get to the center sis amina says
here's two dollars towards your new
webcam also rich and jack are any of you
familiar with noam chomsky do you have
any opinions on him I know the name I'm
trying to think what he did some
politics I'd ever got what I'm
completely drying a blank great buzz
three three three yes apparently it does
tell you the distance I never noticed it
I never noticed that it told me the
distance and so as soon as I get home
I'm actually gonna start up oh oh oh
we're gonna have a space battle maybe
hostile so say scan found valuable cargo
yep
oh here they come we're ready
space pirates in space
might be boned yeah I don't think I have
anything to charge my shields with I
don't think I can outrun them can I uh
not unless you warp go to your map in
there oh yeah you're so I do have
titanium nice all right get back in
there rich oh do have titanium get back
in there
fuck him up
Oh your guys get a health bar oh you
don't get that ps4 does not get a health
bar on there on our enemy ships by the
way huh what happens if you die is you
go back to your last save point and who
knows when that was like the last time
rich got out of a ship and so all that
mining he was he was doing would be for
naught okay I need to sell some of this
ship before I do much more space
traveling though yeah yeah
I don't know cows for high yet I haven't
seen this health bar on any of my guys
though I want more of this that space
battles yeah you did it oh don't don't
forget to take their goop no weights up
what they left their goop
well it's too late I mean it's too late
now they leave valuable shit behind and
you guys be guys i I don't want to get
scanned again and it's over yeah so
that's the space battle that's it
that happens sometimes ah where were we
macchu 9 hey guys this is my first
twitch donation ever just wanted to say
in my years of watching rlm I never knew
rich didn't drink
keep it up rich you hacks oh my god when
is the next pinky review this the same
fuck we're just buying it definitely she
got by him
I wanted to mine it did you got that was
the planet I was heading towards I don't
think ever got to the right target just
go buy it it's fine where's the space
station Oh
mm I don't know tired and sad says do
you think Kevin Smith's devotion to DC's
films is from a monetary interest ie
getting to direct DC television episodes
and DC special now he's a fanboy yeah
he's always been a fanboy the him
getting to direct is a result of him
being a fan not the other way around
so he's yeah he's always been big on it
superheroes in general DC specifically
gobbledygook s--
says watch a streamer who has max
upgrades and see how efficient leave
they are faster mining lots of storage
dozens of warps between before they ever
have to land or you can do almost
everything in stations I think the
problem with that for me gobbledygook is
the I don't find the the work that it
takes to get those upgrades you know
searching for those upgrades then
searching for the minerals then the
searching for the ships I find all of
that process in between so tedious and
boring I have found and this this you
know this even counts towards games I
like like Harvest Moon and starter
Valley yeah
games that are all about the crying you
gotta grind to get to the next widget
that'll make your grinding more
efficient and then you get the bigger
house and then you get the bigger ship
and then you get the the time you've
when it's time to finally get to the
peak it's like oh well that's it
and you feel like you wasted your time
almost but it's when all you have is the
grind yeah yeah I guess I could see that
but but so like I'm I'm not I don't see
the incentive to get the better stuff
because the cost of getting it is not
worth it for me is what is what I'm
saying here gobbledygook swear every
planet is boring you go on a planet and
it's all the same shit that's a
different just a different color and I'm
not invested in any kind of story or or
progression and it's so boring and so I
found this this kind of efficient
pattern where
where I go down I get all the stuff that
I need for my warp and then I leave
because that's efficient for me because
all I want to do is finish the game now
and I only want to do that because we're
doing this for a review if I were
playing this I would have given up days
ago if it was just like me playing this
game yeah not not even a fraction as far
as I have I still need more fucking zinc
oh yeah yeah you need a lot of things
but so they probably won't have more but
the people will be selling it so yeah
this game has mixed reviews some good
some bad
what's happening nothing oh no there's
there's pallets like we try not to talk
about politics
if moderators are trying to keep the
chat cool whoo that shit might have good
storage no we've seen dozens of these
okay you know how politics can and will
get out of hand
we might passingly bring it up we try
not to I really want to talk about it I
will absolutely and and you know what if
I don't always really want to talk about
it if rich if we really want to talk
about it we will give a heads up to the
mods and say hey yeah we're gonna talk
about politics it's okay for politics
but in general we try to keep that out
of here so
to each their own says gobbledygook so I
gotta warpin me pokemons is boring to me
and that's fine there's some people like
space but it's not just about the
setting
what other space games do you like I
don't know if I like any space games
which way is the right direction now how
does this work path toward there's only
one dry yeah that's the only direction
you can't go
is it are you sure about that huh you
sure yeah like so there's the one line
right oh god what a horrible map
yeah the maps horrible well so one stick
rotates the map and the other actually
doesn't let you go off course that's
probably well that's only because you're
on the course if you want to go to a
different map you press the right button
okay and then you're on free flow map so
well just the right direction of the
wrong I'm so turn around now with a
stupid horribly design map just press B
and get back to where you were okay so
that's where you are and that's where
you're going that's the right way
great I presume that's the right way
right I'm not confident but I'm going
that direction trying to think of a
space game I like that's not starfox
does that count that's a spaceship game
we actually flying the spaceships
I like the flying of the spaceships oh
well that was right there right there I
know rich says after a really after a
deep story part there's some really cool
space stuff in my Mass Effect 2 where
you think what the first one in Mass
Effect's war story missions but the
exploration in Mass Effect one I
actually really like you find
interesting things on the worlds and not
just randomly generated stuff right that
you do see a lot of the same dwelling is
used over again but there's some
different story element going on with it
and I I think if this game had a little
bit of that just something to to keep me
a little more engaged that would have
been that and I think that's what it
needs there's nothing holding the
momentum you know like if
gobbly goo want to take this versus
Pokemon like you you're working towards
battling the Elite Four battling the
strongest Pokemon trainers in the land
and so it's like you're working towards
a goal that every character understands
like right now I know I'm going towards
the center of the universe I don't know
why I don't understand the benefit of
that and I don't understand well that
was dumb what do you do I put fuel in it
that was dumb
so you know what it's okay it's okay
gobbledygook is saying Mass Effect mat
replay Mass Effect one it is randomly
generated shit and it's exactly like
this game Mass Effect one is not
randomly generated he's wrong
it's just wrong and and if there's story
elements then it's definitely not like
this game because this game doesn't have
any story the same and I'm pretty sure
it's the same maps in Mass Effect one
every damn time you play it I've never
played Mass Effect one I cannot comment
on this I could google it 24 should I
google it 24 24 was 24 slots well you
know what you know I ship like that will
come back so you don't have to are my
goal was 30 I want that like the ball
ship we want the ball ship we know what
we won is mass it's not it is damn I am
100% sure I've rarely say I'm 100% sure
I'm 100% sure it's not generated I'm
gonna you're both cool ships please be a
decent ship
they had random loot random loot rich
look at that big one did you see that oh
my god oh my god get out of here well
it's not here I may as well well who
knows if that one's gonna leave another
one we'll come by 21 yeah it's already
gone I wouldn't have gotten there anyway
yeah yeah well I guess it'll come back
yeah I can't find anything on whether it
was no randomly generated it wasn't okay
great
I'm frequently wrong not this time I saw
the only hit I saw on Google 25 slots
that's that's tempting but right came
all this way we came all this way jack
right names just massively wanted
massive gobbledygook says the maps are
the same in Mass Effect 1 but the items
you get a randomly generated and like
lockers and stuff yeah and all the
locations are just variations on the
same stations repeated with minor
changes yeah but there's different story
things going on yeah in those same
stations right and I'd like randomly
generated loot mining facility they've
they accidentally entered the virus that
made them all go insane right this one's
filled with the political dissidents and
dissidents and you have to do diplomatic
things of them but if you bring them the
one party member of your crew who's like
affiliated with those people he's like
one of them and then you can negotiate
oh sure all kinds of things like that
going on yeah that sounds like fun yeah
generally speaking I don't like Bioware
games but maybe I'll give this medicine
fact want to try it your charisma is
high it up you can talk them out of the
the suicide attack oh oh sure sure
I'm with you I'm with you alright
hopefully one of those big ones will
come back oh yeah that was an awesome
one
well they say that can they come back
and by they I mean people I yeah and I
like I don't think I don't think oh my
god oh that's a weird one I love it
that's a quirky ship right there Mass
Effect one's gameplay is horribly dated
yes I fully admit that I'm sure and I I
don't like Bioware's games in general so
I will probably not have a good time the
topic is exploration right right
maybe maybe rich and I will will do Mass
Effect as a as a look-back game no no
that's right and rich can camp
gobbledygook says would you accept a
donation amount to replay Mass Effect
one again Jack should see just how
grindy it can be outside of the story
elements the actual upgrade path is
exactly like this I like after here's
what I will say after not getting that
from this game I kind of do want to see
it done correctly I don't I don't know
if that's enough because I've played
some Bioware games and I hate them with
and so I don't know if it's enough for
me to want to do that what did you hate
about them I'm just curious now um oh
it's been so long I just remember the
hate more than anything I think it was
the combat like the the the Knights of
the Old Republic game is what I remember
playing and then I played that Jade
Empire I wanna say the one where you
were a ninja or Samurai or something
sure he was something yeah I just
couldn't get into him couldn't get into
him some it was the mixture of the
combat and all the story elements and I
got bored but of course that was a long
time
I'm older now I'm wiser well I'm older
so maybe maybe I'm ready for him maybe
I'm maybe I'm ready for bioware maybe
Bioware's ready for me right that's more
it that's Harry III that's what turned
me off from Bioware is playing Knights
of the Old Republic and just maybe I
didn't get it maybe I wasn't ready for
it but I played it and I thought it was
garbage I thought it was just garbage I
do I hate it I hated Knights of the Old
Republic didn't get it I know everyone
says it was the best I like that blue
nuts
talk to your doctor on whether Bioware
is right for you there may be some side
effects including XP grinding reused
story elements lip sync not functioning
properly but when you're ready for
Bioware they'll be ready for you or said
big one would come back but it's it well
just we'll give it a go home how long we
give it how long we'll give this boring
shit until you see well you want a big
ship they say the ship's psych all right
right and she was just one of those uh I
don't know give it a peek give it a peek
oh god Sarah Chen is saying and playing
necropolis while listening to the stream
and she thinks they put an update on to
put harder enemies in the first level
I'm so sorry Sarah Jen that's fucked
that game was already hard as balls
you know another sector fuck it do it
we're doing it great plus one of these
two ships is badass
and large nope yeah it's one of the
distance there if I got fuck it fuck it
I'm out of here I'm out of here leaving
right as you leave like the that's fine
that's fine but baddest asses ship it's
fine okay so now how far can you go just
one I'm nominal sure I can't revisit I
can't go backwards you can't go
backwards
well are you you can if you go to free
Explo k okay if you go to free explore
more you can go any well that makes me
happy yeah but you're right now your
Moto's not here your map was on path to
the center I'd never tried going off
path yet so right I didn't realize like
that wasn't the thing this I had another
button oh yeah there are different map
options you can go anywhere it's you do
it if you want look this planets pink
it's gonna have all the same shit in it
but these sky different here why that
doesn't make sense
there's a pink planet the pink rich they
got a pink house in it it doesn't make
any sense it'll go great I'm a
trailblazer you did it yeah blazed that
trail ma three you get three blaze the
fuck out of that trail look at that but
how many potatoes you gonna shoot one
two
nope that's the same one
y-space never blacken this well because
they want to you know create the
illusion of different they want to
create the illusion of different
thank-you for Jack what thank you that's
all thank you for putting it that way
that's the whole game rich that's the
whole game you just have a such an
accurate way to put it okay well good
I'm glad and so then when you when you
warp into a new place and it's a new
color they want it they want to trick
your brain oh oh that's just a distress
signal oh is that one of those ships
that are under attack yeah let's do that
you're gonna do that how do we find that
follow the little exclamation point to
you right there the master says Jack
would you like this game better if it
were made based on the cowboy bebop
universe where to go
it's tilt you're right right down that
says oh what the fuck I work for one
second and I'm past it it's fine those
works are powerful if if I got to be a
bounty hunter in this game then there
might be some story elements and there
might be something to do other than look
at rocks so yes I would like that
do you have titanium all right I don't
know maybe not enough but we're going to
do this this is gonna be tough rich yeah
I don't have many ship improvements yeah
do you have any ship improvements any
weapon improvements gosh I don't think
so okay so here it is this is the the
the famous giant space battle outside
the giant spaceship rich is helping out
it's the first time I've had a distress
call oh yeah
do it rich save that big ship why are
you saving that big ship who cares
called for help you're just helping
people that's what I do yeah you're just
you people want help you hate the other
they're there to help I mean you're kind
of doing a shitty job helping but hey
are you talking will you talk about
no that's fine I'm just razzing you know
what just razzing yet
rich I don't think rich has beams do you
have beams rich there you go there you
go nice that was some fast shield
recharge and rich oh good you know
you're gonna get one you're gonna get
one you got one there's seven left fun
yep yeah shoot didn't bad guys I'm
shooting at me let's get him
maybe I think you're right doom ski rich
needs to roleplay as space captain yeah
oh you only have six left now run away
yeah run away where you gonna run to
where's that Space Station they make a
buy some titanium sure Oh rates on the
other side of the show
whatever that'll still be there when I
come out the battle yeah might be I have
no idea
triangle equivalent to beam you might
have a beam weapon on there I haven't
upgraded the ship because I've been
wanting to take a upgrade the ship wait
wait you do have a beam don't you know
go go up there why do I want to use the
beam instead phase beam is a the a
button yeah why would I want to use that
instead though maybe it's more powerful
or maybe it auto aims or I mean there's
it's a set and it's it or and maybe your
photon cannon has a cool-down time which
it does so while they're cooling down
you use the beam more weapons right now
we're gonna buy some titanium see what
happens and you try you're gonna try to
buy some titanium and go back into the
battle yeah yeah I love it
I love it I was in the other room
I think beam weapons are instantaneous
oh and they're saying they're more
powerful oh okay we're powerful that's
what they're saying you know the chat
they're either right wrong or somewhere
in between all right all right
Jack trigger drives it's been a while
since I've done a Christopher Walken
impression I'm sure at one point I was
able to do a pretty good Christopher
Walken impression but I don't know if I
could I don't know if I can right now
because also right now we're like right
in the heat of battle no iron copper
get back in there rich you can do it you
can do it plus I can't unless you can't
and which case it'll save right here so
it's fine
use your save state there are no saves
in real life Jack yeah that's true
pulsing it with little taps make it last
longer time before the cooldown and then
you have you always have your it's gone
no it's still there where we see the
tiny white arrows Oh yep go get in there
rich this is some dumb get it well now
that you know you have lasers maybe
you'll fuck him up fuck him up rich I
like the bolts huh my press a bet is a
press a different button
there we go how's that work the same as
swishing the things okay whoa I mean
that looks pretty cool
everyone everyone saying the laser is
the way to do it get in there rich five
left oh that's oh god yeah that's doing
great and you're hitting him from a
distance
- I get I get a I get a half second
before it overheats yeah but you can you
were hitting him from way farther away
nice
Sentinel starships what why are they
attacking me I have no idea I probably
hit an ally Oh God
run away yeah just go to your map and
and and and warp out just go to your map
screen I can't you can't nope oh Jesus
then run away rich fucked up how did he
fuck up you hit a civilian but alright
stream is over Oh No well it saved you
right before I'm done you don't want the
ship for each other
no I do new shit fine we said we were
gonna get you a ship we could be here
all fucking night
that's truing to give me a goddamn ship
I am so sick of this game gave me no
indication that that was a civilian
fucking ship it did not I did not give
you it oh it did not give you any
indication fear floral slug voice has
just logged into overwatch and my 120
competitive point reward for the season
has gotten me to the 300 needed to buy a
golden weapon but I can't choose choose
for me mercy tracer or McCree and the
cream whatever macri's a cowboy so you'd
get a golden gun watching over watching
us because well you know you can you can
help me wait for me it's mercy i I love
mercy i play as mercy the most because I
like healing classes so for me I would
tell you mercy rich McCrea is a cowboy
okay so you get a cool-ass gun like a
six-shooter ya tracer has to tiny as she
dual wields pistols and and mercy has a
big staff that she heals people with
dual wield pistol sound cool okay so if
you want it to take Rich's advice go a
tracer if you would like to take my
advice go with mercy the ria the real
answer is whoever you use the most you
want them to have the golden weapons so
cinnamon journey milestone no man's sky
will never be streamed again here it's
so disgustingly true actually really
true that's great captain Jamie man I
love playing support characters - it's
more fun then you help your team we
caught up on tips one just right now one
more anonymous says hey guys hopefully
not an annoying question but how much
input do guys get have gotten in Mike's
blink it reviewed what I think they're
asking how much input do we have in the
flinky reviews I had some unlike the
earlier ones I had no input at all on
generations even though he was making it
mm-hmm he just sent me a link one day
and it was weird thing when you take a
look at this i nagged him because i was
the only one here who recognized the
potential of lincoln
- Mike it was just some goofy thingy bad
yeah and just because I had nothing to
do with him making it I just got to
watch it with completely fresh eyes and
I'm like this is legit good yeah so I
pressured him to make the first contact
review nice and I hate first contacts I
actually had a lot of input for the
early flake of reviews I would watch the
movies with Mike and I would like I
would take notes he would point
something on I would write it down if
I'd noted something and mention it yeah
and then I helped out with the rest of
the next gen films except for
generations I took notes on the Star
Wars ones and that was it okay otherwise
it's been all mine all the jokes have
been all Mike actually my joke was the
Kodak printer one and it was terrible
yeah I know and my I had absolutely no
one put except for the things I said on
camera he didn't do it I wanted a fake
banner ad like at the bottom of the
screen that couldn't be clicked off
because it was part of the video right
yeah I loved it
which one makes people the most angry
twitchplayspokemon of course it's the
episode 1 in review people so many so
much hate prequel for the prequel that
was so good
can I tell you how horrible it was
watch it rewatching the attack of the
clones and the Phantom Menace
you can't cuz cuz it wasn't just the
runtime of the movie because we were
constantly stopping and mer and going
back to try and figure out what the fuck
was going on like trying to figure out
if Palpatine was actually doing
something that made sense or things were
just happening in the script was
excruciating right it was just
excruciating yeah yeah let's see also to
finish up Anonymous's is there any plans
to do more commentary tracks in the
future yeah I'm sure we will mm-hmm oh
yeah normally it's worked out where
every time we get that question we've
recently done one not this time not this
time but this thing will still do oh
yeah here and there
oh y'all so yes and you know we just
shot we've been talking around we just
shot the best of the worst yeah there's
another one being and apparently there's
another one being edited that I didn't
even know about so there's stuff and
this is the point of the mic is also
working on something else we all know
that he said that anything I know okay
this is the part of the stream in which
we thank all of our subscribers everyone
who recibir names and sometimes saying
how long they've been since
driving and sometimes read a little
thing that they wrote are you ready rich
yes go to the top of the thing mmm
hometown markup 24 fucking months in a
row jyggalag 35 says whoa we're halfway
there
more than half if you want a fucking
master if you really want a good fucking
you gotta put in a lot more work that's
all I'm saying it's all I'm saying
first it buy dope smoked 20 fucking
months in a row obviously it just paid
off you were tied up smoked you earned
it Chernobyl kinsmen 16 months in a row
father mucker mm thanks for countless
hours of entertainment you fucks specs
for 19 months in a row spec forces keep
up the good stuff was with you guys from
day one really appreciate what you do
well thank you specs bore you make it
possible to do what we do
his dude-ness 14 urban vermin and urban
vermin says cool beans with a Z cool
beans
z-bo beans Kobe's toasted bullets you
guys Rock oh sorry uh toed decimals
dirty AK twelve months in a row rich
Evans more like poor Evans that's all I
got
eivin's iced ibis I says three months of
bitching about Ghostbusters and lots of
gaming fun not tonight
but speaking of Ghostbuster
oh oh I get it not tonight no gaming fun
tonight also no bitching about
Ghostbusters tonight well we just did
pretty actually bitch we just mentioned
Ghostbusters so Jack notices
dudes 15 mother Oh mr. look like a
tinkle creepy that's fine that's fine
that's legit creepy shrine legit right
hands frosh and they say I want a pony
can I have a pony no you may not
you can never I do not I do not sure yet
why should a 1% then you can't have a
pony right question is how many do you
do you have do you have the ability to
house and care for a pony and if the
answer is yes then you probably already
have them do you basically own people
who can house and care for the pony for
you so then when you visit them in the
summers you can ride the pony because
because you would be the type of person
who I just go in the summer I have a
winter pony in Australia like oh face
like your face is looking good so far
sorry Jen and sorry Jen says oh ho Oh
more like George oh I love Oh yonder
yonder butts
Saphir an 19 months in a row Wow I said
that I said the row and I cracked my jaw
really I don't know that picked up in
the mic yeah I cracked my jaw and that
was freaky really freaky Saphir Ann says
I spent almost eight freaking months
unable to watch the Wednesday streams
but finally got these goddamn nights
back congratulations welcome back Saphir
an hour W Richards
son thank you very happy
relish the relish I really like that Bay
but you know like cuz I get it there's
probably like you're supposed to like
slowly enjoy the relish yeah
but I really like that it's just like I
like thinking about it as relish made
out of other relish okay that's in my in
my head is just someone named relish was
made out of relish maybe maybe something
bad
this is relish the relish but like Bozo
the Clown those are the yeah he's not a
clown she's a named relish don't know if
that's what I was thinking but I just
like it but lady Denning Krieger 783 23
fuckin months in a row fleshy patch 23
fucking months in a row fleshy patch
this how long after were declared
overdue can we expect a rescue how to
what is that from what's that fuckin
from how long after were declared
overdue can we expect to rescue anything
you can't was the lines from a movie and
I can't remember which fucking movie
what is it from aliens helium Thank You
Jackie low that's totally fuckin aliens
I've got that much earlier because I've
seen aliens a bunch of times it's one of
my favorites and I've ashamed of myself
you should be I am a horrible I don't
know things there stuff not rude touchy
things
what oh uh the Rising Sun sorry you know
what the Rising Sun twenty fucking
months in a row the Rising Sun says
gotta say something
magical flying tiger magical flying
tiger says you got a problem your oh you
got a problem you're gonna die you've
got the problem you're gonna die
best catchphrase ever you've got the
problem you're gonna die okay yeah let's
not come up again we had a like like
three episodes in rows somebody said
like a variation of that yeah well
hopefully it's some new catchphrases
will come out soon kind of surprised to
see that's like it's like one of the
Forgotten jokes of the best of the worst
forgotten running joke well do you get
some
