Supa Haut (Superhot part 1)
March 2, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3xPQvBjATq4

see what we're playing we're gonna play
super hot now oh I should update the
stream yeah yeah we have no longer
playing Plunkett vs. Milwaukee we're not
playing
super hot search super hot okay and
update what great latest Humble Bundle
has classic Star Wars games on sale
yeah looting the x-wing games the only
reason I have as many Star Wars games
they do is because they got them all on
hundl bundle last time they're on sale
for like five bucks mm-hmm
when when I was playing in the
background looping we had to start we're
just in the force awaken the Force
Unleashed Unleashed oh yeah yeah that's
the only reason I have that I actually
played a little bit I think it's crap
uh-huh but whatever I will not be
discussing for those asking I will not
be discussing Firewatch yet because rich
apparently I can only type are you
you're not typing that no rich hasn't
played it yet and so I don't want to
talk about it because we might be doing
that for our next review
this is how the game starts yeah how
strange
I always enjoy this look this old
computer he look it's very fun I had the
hardest time getting used to windows cuz
I'm just used to this once once upon a
time oh of course my dad was a computer
now so I I used computers at an early
age
the the thing I can tell you about fire
watch is I have beaten it already beaten
it I've completed the game already oh
hey and
oh you die in one hit though oh okay
what shoot well you at time probably has
to move for you to shoot right weird is
this like that pony game I know
maybe who knows oh my god indeed
anonymous would like to say hello prereq
I bought a ps4 and blood-borne because
you made it look so awesome it's great
do you recommend the dlc or other ps4
games if if you're enjoying blood but
wait till you know you beat blood-borne
or you get your money's worth from
blood-borne but if you like blood-borne
yes you will love the DLC it's just more
blood-borne oh what was the Sun it was
rich
I kind of like it I kind of like it this
is way too loud what's way too loud the
game is the game too loud can we turn
the game volume up wait what
hold on which is which what's too loud
what's too quiet the game has no music
or anything it's only you only here when
when you fire the gun or it says to
popped the OMG is too loud okay can you
go into the alt tab into the mixer again
just turn that down a little bit more oh
how did that it went all the way back up
on its own bizarrely we before the
stream started rich rich moved the OBS
volume slider down to the acceptable
level and it magically went back up to a
hundred which is why the oh my god was
so loud I don't know what's going on I
don't know what's going on but a that's
fine
so hopefully fix it the Louds are too
Louds and the quiets are too quiet yeah
yeah that happens that happens sometimes
everything is not fine Trump is still
leading in the polls right for Bernie
Sanders then you know it's it's it's
everything everything might be okay
no it's gonna be it's gonna be Hillary
and Trump and it's gonna be bad or worse
I was reading a very interesting there's
gonna be the most depressing election
that this country has ever had I was
reading a neat article kind of
chastising the American people for being
a little too singularly focused Trump is
doing very well in the polls and mostly
he's doing very well because people you
know he's anti-establishment right
the only problem is on Super Tuesday
those same people who voted so
anti-establishment
also voted to like give everybody who
had already has a job in Congress their
job back like all these people who
haven't been doing shit yeah have your
job back it's fine but
anti-establishment it's like you know
let's think let's think bigger than just
presidential election there's there's
also this whole Congress and Senate
thing that helps the government work
alright let's see here the anonymous
would like to say the OMG is not too
loud if you ask me it may not be loud
enough these enemies are kind of
mysteriously creepy don't you think or
maybe they're creepy because they're
mysterious
neil Bree you know listening to
listening Oh
listening to Trump speeches I back to
double-down a lot it's the best
everything everything is the best I like
I'm so smart
what was it that I heard the other day
like you know I like like you know I'm
pretty smile I I know all the words and
I used I use the greatest words is
something Donald Trump actually said the
man is Neal Breen
this is neat
rich thinks this is neat I have words I
have the best words that's what he said
you watch that john oliver sketch that
must been where I heard it I usually
catch that John Oliver oh you can punch
people if you don't have a weapon yeah
but the game probably recommends you
having a weapon the game volume is very
low okay give me a moment there's no
music there is no music
as soon as rich is done with this level
we will we will go into OBS and turn the
game volume up a bit okay super hot
super hot there we go now you should be
hearing the game a little bit more but
there's no music it's suggestion you
should try this I sure can I use this
and controllers who I can you know me
and controllers rich I love them
you like to play yeah great okay here we
go
super ultra super super what come with
us
I have never heard of this to like
literally an hour ago
like like ten minutes before we started
streaming yeah yeah I shoot him in a
dick nope you need time for the recoil
and everything shoot him in the dick oh
yeah I only want to shoot people of a
dick grab the gun you know what that is
kind of a seed you know like shoots you
in the head
what the one guy doesn't he behind
either when you punched no he fell into
the Treena
oh nice you have to account for him
moving right so I shoot a little bit
before him yeah oh you ever again and
take care of you oh whoa you're moving
dodge you can throw the gun at him look
like a right click - if you know I'm
time - nope press B to throw okay now
controllers which one which one has
bullets probably the one that didn't
blow up
just throw the gun whoa Oh punch punch
Oh oh god there's another guy there's a
gun in the air stops okay tries again
punch grab you can also shoot the
bullets out of the air or somebody
thinks come on this game that I like do
poorly just because of the name like
superhot what the fuck is that I don't
know what the fuck this is waiting for
recoils strafe straight I got it I got
it
oh shit go for center mass mr. dicks
yeah I like the big shots superhot
Billa hecka says I would love an update
and strafe that look fun yeah I have no
idea what what the deal is currently
with strafe have you heard me updates
yep
the only having in here there they're
working on it is is uh you know we got a
we just recently they put out a new
trailer featuring the greatest song ever
Smash Mouth a cover of Smash Mouth is
all-star and they're working on it he's
all we got the greatest song ever
Bohemian Rhapsody so the greatest song
ever I'm just a cool doesn't really pick
up where I left off I'm terrible with
lyrics I'm terrible so the perfect song
has to be a song that you can listen to
at any time no matter your mood or
feelings so bohemian bohemian rhapsody'
is a perfect song absolutely is that
guess what I'm trying to say
from Joe GE hey guys Jack have you seen
song of the sea' incredible animated
movie that I think you would like also
you guys should do should try Devil
daggers on Steam it's a bullet-hell
version of doom I like that I have I've
seen other people do devil daggers it
looks very interesting
it's I want to say it's like a do mask
roguelike you know where it's like the
eighties just keep coming in and devil
devil beggar's couple evokes has been
watching it mister let's paint TV and
California's gold with Huell Howser and
any interesting local cable access shows
where you've lived by the way DC
Universe Online is for the ps4 and it's
free you fuck hey I couldn't say the
last time I've watched TV little and be
able to tell you what what public access
shows exist around here right I don't
know if this is a national thing but I
think out of Chicago the the only like
real public access or like left trigger
to jump like the only like super weird
show that we had over here was fan ghuli
there's no public access though it's
weird it's poor Chicago and then
Milwaukee yeah oh and it's very Chicago
oh wait I saw its kind of like Elvira
spend Ghoulie yeah where he'd just play
like old b-movies
then he'd talk between commercials there
are when what how can you know whose fan
Ghoulia's and not get a Berwyn reference
I've only seen him a couple times
you know what I got I got stopped going
for headshots that's my problem yeah yes
that is my real problem is using is
using the controller because my aim is
shit
is this back yeah oh they're kind of
like teleport in up here yeah five
dollars and you skip my posts as general
Gore I'm sorry general Gore see what do
we got here
dick Jack can you sporadically during
tonight's stream do your Rick from
Walking Dead impression coral Cara I
even want a squirrel thing in the
walking dead you know Rick has a like a
weird way of talking and his son's name
is Carl Oh
and so the general joke if you are a fan
of what Walking Dead is to come quarrel
with my boy my boy coral right here boom
it says Jack beer recommendation my wife
and I checked out classic slice last
time we were in Milwaukee and loved it
any other restaurant you love there lol
fuck my cock now you're talking oh my
god this guy moves fast hey guys
dickhead yeah classic slice is one of my
is is an amazing pizza place look at
this press X to edit the replay press a
to hand over the control I don't know
what that means is an amazing piece
place I live in
yeah grab again shoot you in the neck I
am exceedingly lucky where I live in a
neighborhood in Milwaukee that just has
a metric shit Hall of restaurants oh oh
and you weren't moving you dick I shoot
you in the head for that oh what's that
coming
walks right into it the classic sizes
great pizza if you're all if you're
looking for pizza in in on the south
side of Milwaukee there are two places
to go to and that is classic slice or
transfer oh whoa
transfer has what I know transfer also
has really great pizza and they they
have more like artisan need pizza if
that is the thing that makes sense to
anyone ali riza says i want to send you
beer from my brewery what address can I
send it to also do you have a preferred
way for me to package it we most of us
besides rich Evans loves beer hold on
one one thing at a time you time stops
no it doesn't it just slows down see
look he's still moving there's my gun
dick okay hold on we have we have a
couple things to take care of you why
it's time to stand up that is number one
number one is it is time to stand up Wow
I'll tell y'all about a transfer which
is great pizza place honey pie honey pie
if you are looking for burgers and fries
and some of the best cupcakes I have
ever had they make giant cupcakes yeah
they have these things called pork fries
which is just a big bucket of homemade
fresh cut french fries with barbecue
pork on top with cheese sauce with bacon
bits on top like real bacon bits are
like bacon it's amazing honey pie
Oh
alright I'm back honey pie is amazing
there is there are a couple restaurants
in in Bayview that don't have official
menus they they they specialize in like
they just go to like the farmers markets
and see what's in season and make
whatever the hell they can with that and
so their menu changes daily one is
called lazy susan and one is called good
kind good kind is incredibly good very
expensive lazy susan is less expensive
also very good though so those are
usually my restaurant recommendations
classic slice honey pie good kind lazy
susan I mean but there's a slew of
really incredibly amazing restaurants
lazy susan i get it like susan restart
the timer great so those are some those
are my usual places that i like to eat
at but like there's also other places
there's there's a cafe centraal which is
a really good beer selection and and
good food overall there is the lulu cafe
which has great soup any time I go there
I always get a cup of soup don't even
look at what the soup is it's gonna be
the best soup you've ever had
all sorts of amazing things to eat in
this city next sending us beer from your
brewery what address do I send it to
other plx if you would send it but keep
in mind and we've we've been through
this before
it is technically illegal to ship beer
and we have never never gotten beer
shipped to us we have heard that if you
you had you have to kind of individually
wrap each beer bottle you know so that
it won't get like flagged as beer but if
you individually wrap each beer bottle
in bubble wrap
it would probably last a trip but it's
it's illegal to ship beer so we would
not want any beer not at all don't send
us an e CH oh I get it
the wink seems suspicious yeah yeah that
was so yeah oh you have a sword now
baseball they have a baseball band
you're like get it before I got
overwhelmed here okay
Oh God you get punched you got punched
aren't you we used to have on the north
side of Milwaukee we used to going back
to restaurants Oh fuck's sake we used to
have a really great ramen place on the
north side of Milwaukee and it moved
fuck far away you're punching strategy
seems to be working better Tochi was a
good ramen place and it's not around
anymore now we don't have any good ramen
places we have a fuck place that's
pretty good way clay sells fuck and fuck
is kind of like the lesser good ramen
I'm okay with the ramen
should be all the rage all days ramen is
the most delicious food
I've got ever been to ma Fisher's by the
Oriental in my younger days I've been to
Ma fish's we we have a plethora of
24-hour all-encompassing diner eateries
here in Milwaukee because we stay out
late in the drink and ma fishers is one
of those on the east side it's fine it's
you know it's not it's not great but
it's fine I haven't been there since
I've been in adults and any good food
nice I'm not oh no no I'm not slandering
far I'm just saying if you have a choice
between fun ramen you go with ramen
that's the clear choice
worse pronunciation of its it's
pronounced fuh dude
it's spelled pho pronounced fuh
I want to pronounce it pho but that's
not how it's pronounced it's pronounced
Fah
oh he shot tha he shot the the bottle
that you threw at him cue ball oh nice
Jack does the alarm go off in the cinema
and do you try to convince everyone to
get up and stretch with you no no I'm
not for not for movies even for longer
gaming sessions I have on my on my
computer I have get up every hour alarm
and for games it shuts it automatically
shuts off that alarm so I even when I'm
home sometimes I forget Fah Fah is a
is the I believe that is the correct
pronunciation with a shotgun what what a
shotgun someone has a shotgun yeah ftk
animator you can email me if you want to
email prereq you can do so add prereq at
red letter media comm or if you want to
email me directly my email is har lac at
Mac which is ma C calm feel free to
people email me often kill the person
take the shotgun yeah that's much easier
said than done
and many people here are agreeing with
me it is pronounced foe and I know you
got i know usually I'm wrong when it
comes to these things but I the only
reason I know it's pronounced pause
because I've been corrected
we need your personal cell phone number
too just in case wow that did not work
out well you're obsessed with that
shotgun that's why I'm okay let's see
here
van Belding says should the new Star
Trek series be like the original series
or should it be something different
I think angela bassett would be a great
captain to find different Oh
define different not all change is good
obviously you know it needs to modernize
why to be relevant that means it needs
to be entirely different no not entirely
different how different does it need to
be to make you happy just me you know
what just needs to be and why does it
need to be different you know all it
needs to be is good takes place 200
years from now it's more than modern I
will settle for an entertaining show he
just keeps picking up a shotgun well
wouldn't you
Zulu's oolong yo says hey you fucks rich
yeah would you recommend XCOM - yeah we
went over this I'm a huge fan of the
originals and loved enemy within Jack
the whole video on this say that's great
that's great PS I wanted to subscribe
but won't let me without a credit card
that's alright Zullo neo rich what's
your current hour countin XCOM - I think
it's 189 189 hours in tax counter that
is now less than a month that is a solid
recommendation rich and I were
discussing what game we wanted to do for
our next episode and riches first
reaction it was oh that means I have to
stop playing XCOM to for a little bit
huh rich might have a problem
give me a gun give me that gun
ah hard one yeah doesn't have he doesn't
have a real guy he does have a real job
this is rich his real job that's how I
you know someone asked me that or I saw
a comment on one of the YouTube shows
about like how we find time to play
games
yeah we make it part of our job to play
game time you know it helps it helps but
like you know we don't make a ton of
money doing this but we still make it
part of our job which means you find
time you find time for the things that
you want to do always time gentlemen
please
did kind of hate that they just spawn
behind you uh time gentlemen please what
does that mean thing means fuck you it's
the other gun and turn around where is
that guy behind you Oh though do you
spawn behind you now yeah there is
take a moment rich look around oh I
think they don't like it that you took
the shotgun and they were spawning
before stick and move rich that's what
they're saying stick a move first jack
appears on stream with a cancer mask and
now rich isn't playing X come to true
martyrs for the cause we it's true you
know we want to make sure we give you
guys the newness the hotness the super
hotness all the stuff that you want
nice but obviously rich loves XCOM -
loves it so hot oh I I know you said
cancel masks but I don't know if I don't
know how many people would get the joke
well most of our fans would that's
probably true hey Jack I will also ask
this - rich is there a movie you loved
growing up and now kinda hate I'm I'm
sure several I watched many crappy
movies growing up a lot you know what
movie I haven't seen since I've been an
adult but I know I watched the shit out
of as a kid is is uh my girl really
remember my girl yeah I didn't watch the
shit out of it but we had a very limited
movie selection in my where'd the
shotgun go where'd the shotgun go he
took it well or he has it that's a
different one oh I watched we have to
look into this whole replay thing cuz I
bet like whoo you know now look you
watch you watch it in real time and it
looks like he did some amazing things
supergirl my girl and girl girl
weapons despawn after a certain amount
of time in this game rich is what
they're saying he can't see without his
glasses oh man
a young movie watchers first
introduction to the idea that a
protagonist could die that's true which
in my girl
oh you know the Culkin well see the
protagonist I mean he was a secondary
character he's still main character
still you know not maybe not the
protagonist but you know he was the the
second fiddle an important part of the
film in any case I remember watching
that and enjoying that as a kid and I
bet as an adult I would find it a little
a little too sappy to enjoy um con
cretin do you guys just drive the space
cop car car around like it's normal or
is it just for special occasions
I used to drive around like it was
normal because it was my car the it
wasn't full space cop though like you
took the laser bazookas off yeah but it
happened like the space-car I know I
don't want do that dad and had the space
cop logo on him everything also a tip
before and you missed my question con
cretin wants to know if we are feeling
the burn I used some powder earlier and
so I'm I'm fine I think the burn sadly
has burned out no yeah yeah I'm gonna
try not to get political because I know
that you you chatters we'll start
blowing up I'm kind of objectively
speaking there is still a possibility
it's slim it's only it's extremely it's
as slim as it was before
no it's it's a slimmer than it was
before he needed to do overwhelming well
in the primaries to get the knot the
primaries are not over yet just because
Super Tuesday is over doesn't mean the
primaries are over
he's lost most of them he's he won won
won
did he win one primary one state he's
won several okay temperatures 81 like
for if there's no right yeah like one
before that everyone like like eight or
day she's gonna get the not Hillary won
the big ones Hillary has always as far
as I'm concerned
Hillary is all has always been expected
to get the nod and Bernie is the is the
contender who knows if he can pull it
off or not at this point II can't
yeah he's good yeah you're living in
la-la land no no I'm not I'm not saying
anything pro con I'm saying it is still
a possibility I'm saying it's not I'm
saying our options for the election are
gonna be bad and worse that is most
likely true that is most likely true
but it was a fun ride so anyway that's
about it that's about all the political
discussion is you know it's been it's
been fun watching it's been fun watching
I do I I do enjoy
5:38 coverage of everything 5:38 it
seems to have a way to cover everything
mathematical and and take oh god damn it
take any sort of affiliation out of it
and so they're the ones I usually pay
attention to and according to 538 there
is still a slim possibility for Bernie
but obviously most likely Hillary is
going to get the nod and you know a big
surprise to everyone I think is Trump is
most likely going to get the nod just
cuz he once the primaries doesn't mean
that the people in charge the Republican
Party have to give him the nod
they that's true that's true I don't
think they will but we'll see we're not
done yet
we're not done yet and we're done and
the Democratic side it's gonna be
Hillary I still don't even as much as
he's winning yeah Trump is not getting
the nod he's not getting the nod the
party hates him and for good reason
is someone who is on the charity or
during space Kepler how long has it
taken to ship I depending on your
country I don't know how long it you
know they know he represents everything
that is evil and they're not gonna
they're not gonna run him it'll be a big
stink in the news all of his supporters
will be bitching it'll be it would be
interesting if they didn't run him
though because if they didn't run him he
would most likely go third party yeah
and then it's been it's Hillary for sure
and it's Hillary for then events a
Democrat for sure because if he
splinters the Republican Party like that
which is why
prospero huh Ross Perot Ross Perot
absolute that's a fun that's a perfect
fine example which is why I think if he
does well enough the Republican Party
might run him because they would rather
have crazy pants over no one you know
I'm just asking cuz I've ordered it like
at the end of January and still have not
received it it's been like five weeks
email contact at red letter media calm
send them your order number you know I
don't it doesn't happen very often but
it could have fallen through the cracks
contact at red letter media let them
know about this rich and I have almost
zero to do with shipping out space cop
blu-rays so yeah if it's been five weeks
you definitely should have gotten it I
know there was a time where they were a
little overwhelmed with orders and so it
was taking longer but that time is over
so you definitely should have gotten it
the Republican Party is already
splintered when that's that's the thing
that Trump has kind of proven with his
candidacy is the Republican Party is in
splinters and with Sanders the
Democratic Party is not looking as
unified as it once was
it's interesting it's interesting
quitting time quitting time so you know
that's all I can say is it's interesting
as is usually the case you know it's
it's incredibly important to remember to
vote in smaller elections as well we
just had you know County Executive vote
here in Milwaukee and our County
Executive is kind of a dick o BS oh he
shot the shotgun and then you sliced him
so all elections are important I think I
know many many of my family are
conservative conservative leaning of
folk and every single one of them I
talked to has just been like any anyone
but Trump at this point literally anyone
not Trump because I think they're also
rational folk yeah which i think is very
is very telling these are people who are
like super down with Mitt Romney who is
no great candidate by any by any means
but anyone with anonymous any reactions
to the Power Rangers movie reboot news
max landis is a credited writer I have
no 20 when the Power Rangers started
coming up a slight exaggeration but I
was too old for the Power Rangers it may
or may not be a good movie I'm gonna say
something incredibly controversial here
it may or may not be a good
oh shit I you know that one of the
things I've always liked about fun about
Power Rangers though is the the guys in
the big puppet suits battling it out
like that and so I hope they keep some
of that some of that I feel like if they
get rid of the the cheesy big monster
battles it'll lose some of its charm for
me at least
lock the Subaru blocked superhot well
exactly and that's that's the real thing
is like people dressed up in big
elaborate costumes might not make for a
great movie
so we'll see we'll see I mean I watch
the Power Rangers a bit now that I have
kids I've watched Power Rangers a bit
more what is happening here unauthorized
access oh oh they're going for a thing
they're going for a thing
Wow sorry rich I hit your mic I hit your
mic that's fine yeah would you take your
kids to Disneyland maybe I don't know I
I don't like places like that because
I'm usually uncomfortable in large
crowds but they might like it I don't
even know if they would like it what's
at Disney or roundish dialogue going on
about how the game has no plot and so
because they've addressed that they have
no plot it's it's okay
this game this game has no plot well it
seems that way at first oh but it
doesn't need a plot it's fun it's fun
yeah
dad ended their are though they're
trying to do it like a portal thing
where I know there's a hidden would yeah
I think so we'll see we don't get a fun
character to listen to though we get we
got someone going shoot ball I get the
shoot guys in slow motion it's fun I
don't give a shit exactly rich do you
like minor league baseball I see you
with your Thunderbolts hat all the time
yeah look at this hat this hat is
awesome I don't know if you guys can see
this is just like a swinging pickaxe I
don't know I don't care what baseball
team that is I love that hat
they're called the dirty cheaters looka
the dirty cheaters that seems like a
really weird name alright the the
thunderbolts that's the hat out you see
me wearing all the time okay they
playing league called the Frontier
League and they're unaffiliated which
means that it's not even like
minor-league it's they're independent
okay and they're their league has a
salary cap they want to be spending too
much and this team came into the league
and you know they had a nice new
ballpark and they were getting lots of
people they're getting ton of people
with their games yeah and they were they
just had a shitload of money and they
didn't care about the salary camp they
played their players paid their players
more money anyways what I heard the
grapevine yeah and they just they took
the hit on the fine for it I guess they
could afford to they tried to be like
the Yankees they tried to buy the
frontier league independent league
championship it is it is well you know
what they paid their Logo Designer well
enough to make a kick-ass swinging
pickaxe logo I'd buy that at I'd buy
that at have you ever heard the East
Milwaukee dirty pickaxes like that have
you ever heard or even played stardew
valley I actually I think rich might
really like that it's a stardew valley
as the new kind of like farming
simulator game i haven't heard of it i
know i know you were you're a fan of
harvest movie yeah oh there's just all
sorts of guns in here
take your time take your time no rush I
get machine gun there's not just right
that's machine gun Oh
what hit me damn it hey rich important
question my quite magician says I
recently got X come 2012 in a humble
bundle yeah and I'm going to play it for
the first time yeah any suggestions
enjoy your game
what if someone is completely unaware of
the series I don't know what to tell you
like what's what's like the one trick
where it's like if you do this the game
might be slightly more enjoyable or
easier I'm in the middle just like
something else entirely entirely
different things are going on in my
brain uh-huh right now as compared to
what I play X come you know that right I
do
I don't know start start easy and he's
way into it and I don't know if you've
needed later advice after you have
experience I'll be glad to give it but I
need it like a more specific question or
I really can't so there's no there's no
I can't help you you would be a terrible
BuzzFeed writer yeah I wouldn't I'm glad
there's no one glad for that
five quick trips quick tips to quick
trips five quick trips to take tips on
XCOM just have fun that's Rich's major
suggestion as he really liked thanks
Scott likes X come Oh crocodile brain
would like to tip us and say I'm doing
my taxes please keep being entertaining
love you guys
thank you love you too crocodile brain
taxes are important get them done get
them done early it's tax time one small
ball says now that you have an X comm
interview planned can you use your
amazing internet fame to get an
interview with from soft Dark Souls 3
got me hyped lol fuck my cock I'm gonna
say no we can't probably not we you know
we were really lucky that Kevin Scholes
I want to say his last name is is is a
fan of the show and has stopped by chats
a few times to talk XCOM and so we we
just got lucky I reached out to him and
he gave he put me in contact with the
people I needed to be put in contact to
so unless we know someone who can get us
in contact with someone from from
software I'm probably not gonna happen
and a translator probably need to
translate I'm probably a translator
which yeah these things are just not but
you know anything's possible
you need someone Japanese to talk to
them right right yeah and we don't have
that we do not have a translator
