Are you sick of XCOM 2 yet? (part 3)
February 24, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKvGDn4lLJQ

the storm that's the thing that lets me
shoot people in the face better okay I
think I think I'm researching that right
now I've been pretty lacks updating the
shotgun just cuz I give my Ranger like
whatever rifle well sure I sure sure why
not love the shotgun
JD of Hulu I do have you have you been
watching 1020 760 no 1120
that's a series of numbers yeah I have
not watched numbers you've never watched
the numbers no what is it called I know
what you're talking about I don't know
the name of it but I know it's a series
of numbers but I have not watched it I
don't even know what it is it's a date
it's it's 10:20 660 okay
and it's a it's JJ Abrams produced based
off of a Stephen King novel starring
James Franco okay
and is it horror related or no it's well
it's not necessarily horror yet okay
it's super high premise because you know
Stephen King Stephen yeah here's the
premise is James Franco meets his
friends with a guy who has the ability
to travel back in time to October 26
1960 okay and there's a special portal
that can only travel back to that one
date yep but he can do it multiple times
well and you know you can travel back to
the future and travel back to that date
yeah
and you have to go through his closet
okay you go through his closet and you
travel back in time like this time in
the 60s move concurrent with time in the
future is he always go back he that
specific time he always goes back to
that specific time so you can go to the
past fuck things up go to the future and
the future will be change because you
fuck things up but then just go back and
reset everything okay so that's the
premise okay but the guy had a goal the
his goal is to stop the Kennedy
assassination in 1960
three or four okay nice asset three said
something that'll cause a chain of
events to prevent to prevent the Kennedy
assassination but he hasn't been able to
and now he's dying so he asks his friend
James Franco to do it for him okay and
James Franco is kind of a you know lost
soul no purpose in life okay
they're very Stephen King premise yes
it's a very Stephen King which means the
endings gonna be horrible
it means the endings gonna be great but
right in the middle it's gonna get very
boring his endings are usually where is
it did he have somebody else write
Stephen King high premise boring middle
good ending high premise boring middle
bad ending quite possible too okay lazy
ending usually lays the ending yeah so
it is lazy ending concept is interesting
it's and the first episode was really
amazing because like they they they
introduced this idea of the past pushing
back if you try to change something okay
and so there's these like supernatural
elements of like just the past fighting
you it's really neat second episode was
alright only two episodes they're doing
a weird thing even though it's on Hulu
they're releasing them once a week okay
and it's like you know oh I this is like
I would have loved to have binge Dahl
ready sure yeah I'll wait then until
they're all out yes but a really
interesting show and you know I like
that James Franco I like him in certain
roles did you end up did you ever see
the interview no you should see the
inner is a universe very funny okay I
liked the interview i laughed i lull'd I
laughed out loud okay at the interview
and I don't I don't like sethro southern
I don't like him at all I like to
Pineapple Express with those two I felt
I'd add that's how I felt about
pineapple Express all right
but that interview lot lols right the
fuck out loud okay many pardons
to do what one small ball says oh no
sorry I anonymous says can we get more
of these J guest appearances in the
future
I love the chemistry of the three of you
also she's absolutely never on he's
never here he's never been on a stream
before and now that you've asked for it
he's never never happening again also is
this really a euro friendly stream it's
2:00 a.m. in Finland we didn't start
earlier I'm sorry you got here late like
if it's 2:00 a.m. now then normally we
start the stream at 4:00 a.m. I'm going
to say still technically yes this is
this is more gyro friendly than not but
JJ comes when he is available he's
always invited of course sometimes as it
turns out Jay does things it's true and
those things take up time yeah yeah so
he can't come all the time oh you got
the sexy armor right away yeah well what
I've read everybody it's good thing to
have I'm the sexy artwork cuz I've been
taking a lot of damage if you haven't
noticed do you have the new gun to show
Jay any any of those super I can't
afford it right now I choose between
giving some guys upgrade gum or giving
everybody upgraded armor oh yeah go to
upgrade I just wanted to like show Jay
cuz cuz I like the gun you have now I
like the look of it I like I like janky
future stuff looking at that armor you'd
mentioned before that it looks like the
prometheus yeah outfits and I'm
realizing that this is a problem with
modern costume design is that it also
looks like the Robocop remake what
Robocop looks like and it also looks
like the Pacific Rim armor that they
dote on before they get into their mech
suits yep yep they all look exactly the
same you're absolutely correct but you
know that's what I kind of like about
the janky gun is that that looks
realistic look at the wires hanging out
you know just like I don't put some shit
together shoot the aliens with
ah doo-doo-doo-doo-doo one small ball
says did christopher nolan's steal his
idea for love being the strongest thing
in the universe from the movie crawl the
instant classic interstellar is now
ruined for me and I still haven't seen
interstellar yeah because I don't care I
thought it was good and I don't remember
much about it
it was sort of uh I enjoyed it while it
was on and I didn't stick with me at all
I'm still sore at Christopher Nolan for
Dark Knight Rises
I like that Dark Knight Rises yeah we
caught shit for it but I liked it that's
fine you like what you like our early
hated it a lot of people did utterly
hate that Bane how can you hate that be
for Thor you don't understand
no I don't like what you're a hater your
hater I why are you such a hater why do
you hate everything I hate you
there you go there you go I hate your
face yes many people do wrong with your
face I said the thing you know that
thing I hate you you know you know who
really hates bein is my children
obviously whenever I read like a Batman
story to them and Bane is in it I do
that voice oh no and they're like why
are you doing that voice and I just go
to my cell phone it's like I'm stealing
through the bane voice and I say yes
it's a dumb voice I like the voice I
just don't like that you can't
understand him because of the whatever
they did to distort it quite divorce
it's ridiculous the the presentation is
ridiculous and it'd be like and I get it
like it's also just so loud in the Mick
the sound makes us weird in that movie
but that was purposeful he said he
wanted it to be over I know it doesn't
work it doesn't work so many things in
that movie does not work mr. Wayne it
appears like you have immense damage in
your leg you must be mountain climbing
or something you'll never walk again
I fixed it I don't feel like being
Batman anymore I can't protect my city
for some reason even though I was doing
it in the last movie I guess I'll be
Batman again I broke my back I'm never
gonna okay I'm walking again he has to
train to learn to walk again and get out
of that pit I'm out of the pit now
that's what it's what it represents it's
not literal movie hits you it does it
doesn't it probably does most people do
he did he did put the little clamp thing
on his knee you're right that fixed the
whole thing by the way by the way Bruce
right Wayne millionaire don't sell that
clamp thing for medical uses I get it
you're a billionaire but that could be a
good business selling the clamp thing
that magically fixes your knee up for
all time maybe he has we don't know yeah
that's true just cuz the movie doesn't
tell you doesn't mean it doesn't exist
fucking a damn gobbledygook rich on
tricky dicks
we watched fan shows Axanar is a war
epic like Deep Space Nine and renegades
is a Voyager schlock by Tim Roth
starring Edward Furlong oh no any
opinions on the Paramount lawsuit
against Axanar and you know of anything
not familiar with the lawsuit okay all I
can tell you unfortunately have you seen
any of the fan stuff I've seen Star Trek
continues I like it a lot hmm I've seen
other stuff I thought it was horrible
just the acting is just way too bad sure
nothing's bad on Star Trek
continues to lease it's better yeah than
most of them
I don't know that I want to watch
Chekhov's corpse oh sure yeah yeah to
old check-offs corpse yeah well no if
you're right you're right
he's in a fan series Oh movie a fan
movie that's still kind of depressing
when you think about it I think so was
um Tuvok I think was in it to someone
else yeah Wow to luck you know why they
did it is because it's Star Trek and to
a slightly lesser degree of Star Wars
people love the Star Trek it's true
watch but that's like you're you're
known for being in this thing
and then you're in fan films about this
thing like that's sort of depressing but
they're not asking you to be in the real
things anymore I know and that's sort of
depressing yeah I guess or that you have
nothing else going on that you'll be in
a fan film that maybe that's more
depressing yeah you can get a job man
come on
are Miller Jay do you still listen to
killer POV I do that's a podcast right
yeah it's a great podcast yeah they just
did an episode on possession because uh
because the director passed away also
don't know if you do any or much writing
but do you have any thoughts on what
specifically makes for good horror
writing I'm looking to write my own uh
oh god I am NOT a writer
I understand ideas and structure and all
that stuff but physically writing I am
like dialogue and stuff I'm terrible at
so but as far as what was like what what
what do you think from a writer's
perspective makes for a good horror
movie I think keeping it grounded
keeping it real hmm make the horrible
elements feel like they belong in the
real world
mm-hmm that's where the real horror is
it's true it's be subtle don't like I
hate jump scares
in noir movies Jay if you see the Witch
and I have not seen the witch but I've
heard the which is very subtle and it
sounds like it's right up my alley so
I'm really looking forward to the witch
it's not time it's not time to ask Jay
have you seen the widget be about 45 I
saw my opening and I took about 45 more
minutes before we asked ray if you've
seen the witch that's right my name is
Tate you need spooky ghosts
I dunno not not necessarily stars who
are writing but as for horror movies
silence is almost always scarier than
loud noises silence is golden yes if you
have a character look over and see
something spooky have no just ambient
noise no like creepy sound effects no
stinger just the visual can get under
your skin
the power of ambient the power of a soft
hum yeah there's a great movie called
Lake Mungo there's no jump scares and it
it gave me goosebumps more than any
recent movie I've seen late a long time
Lake Mungo jumbo ya know Mungo it's it's
no like wait wait you a me that's one
where there's no like creepy sound
effects or anything it just lets the
images speak for themselves and it's
incredibly creepy you know that song in
the summertime and the weather gets hot
you can you know that's my that's by a
band called MUNGO JERRY oh that's great
I did not know that like Lake Mungo in
the summertime regular dude you said
dude I seen a bit of a dad in this other
job we do busy we go we do Pizza Baja
that's how the song goes
Louie Louie Armstrong you have to do
Louie I'm referring to the cover okay
post mortem
okay you did a post mortem cover that's
I think the very person right with that
voice yeah that was employing the
trumpet okay also dead sure the trumpets
dead people are all muddy
yes very informative Jack there you go
Lake Mungo Jerry let's see here
pie clam did you guys make back all the
money spent on space goblin yet I know
rich Evans drained the slush fund at the
strip club spent all of his money not
even on the women yeah he's a boos and
t-shirts and merch
he bought all the t-shirts at the strip
club and they said no you know you can
just buy a couple what are you gonna do
with all these I need a mom I don't want
to have to do laundry for a while the
slush fund also when is the next
commentary track coming out I don't know
we want to do more we just haven't yet
hmm we were talking about the next one
we would like to do would be a bad movie
as opposed to another this movies great
this scenes great seats also great
has that been I haven't listened to any
of your guy I mean they're not they're
more than that but we tend to do that a
lot on the ones that we like cuz it's
hard not to of course this is great so
yeah I will probably do a bad movie but
I don't know what we'll do yet okay
also Jack have you read saga comics same
guy who wrote why the last man really
good Caryn's really find a saga saga
yeah I have not read any of them but I
will put I will add it to my list I can
add a wish list on my comixology I love
that comiXology digital comics right on
your iPad Oh digital comics who'd have
thought who would have thought I bought
the digital release of and I haven't
read any of it yet but I mean I read it
when I was younger
no he said have you ever heard of Ralph
snart it was a comic book series The
Adventures of
snart it was a random convict I liked it
I was younger because I liked the the
style the artwork style okay I can't
think of the artist name Ralph Ralph or
nerds yeah this guy with his miserable
life and I so I bought like a digital
release of like a whole run of it that
was from the period I was reading it I
don't know if he still does the comic or
anything though so I have that and I
haven't I haven't gone back and read any
of it okay but I always liked the the
artwork style The Adventures of Ralph
snart's Ralph I know that in now in the
legends of tomorrow and formerly of the
flash TV show the main villain was
Captain Cold
whose real name is Leonard snart uh-oh
maybe they're related it's a common it's
a universe maybe Ralph's animal universe
Ralph snart ball-ball blurt ball blah
blah bloop when are we going barment
hunting we have some tentative plans for
next week
do a little varmint hunting III had to
track down some farmers and tell them
the importance of what we were doing
hunting their varmints right
most of them told me to leave and get
off their property did you give any of
them a copy of the video just so they
could get a better understanding of well
I watched we watched it on the iPhone
the iPhone one person whose hand was
down their pants said I should come back
tonight okay but I wasn't able to so and
they've been calling me non-stop since
yeah so I think they're ready for me to
hunt some varmints okay they said they
said I needed to go beaver hunting oh
really
my problem around here well it must be
they they did I don't I didn't see a
creek or anything in back but maybe they
have some beavers for us Don's not
coming so don't worry
be with me let's see here November tango
19 hey guys I'm about to log off rich
I'm sorry I made you walk off said can I
get you guys to say hello to my ladies
ski lure hello sky lose it Skyler Skyler
school or I don't think is a name hello
Skyler mean the person saying it maybe
they're on that's their stream name sk i
L oh you are oh okay it looks like sky
lure lure it might be a weird spelling
of Skyler okay skill is cooler hello
hello your name let's see here Lord
Belmont says pardon me the witch was so
subtle and quiet and had no jump scares
so the audience didn't know when to be
scared and were pissed jump scared it's
the best thoroughly why don't you want
it to last you wanted to stick with you
absolutely you want the images and the
atmosphere to stick with you once you
leave the theatre as opposed to just
reacting in the moment to something
being loud well then Lord bellman I
think you're absolutely right jump
scares are like laugh tracks for horror
and I think that's an appropriate yes
metaphor yeah that's good simile in this
case i if you probably haven't seen it
follows right no no I know you talk
kindly I like it follows a lot and I was
I went for a walk one night and I am my
music on shuffle and the theme from it
follows came on which and it made me
think about that movie and it creeped me
out walking around a neighborhood at
night and it creeped me out
hmm because I was just thinking about
the images in that movie and the the
entire scenario I was not thinking about
the time I saw a paranormal activity for
and there was a loud noise that made me
jump in my seat for a second and then go
back to looking at my phone but like
this is the thing is
could you imagine like think of your
favorite comedy now airplane yeah
ghostbusters
Schindler's List Schindler's List the
big three yep there's a reason that like
the good comedies don't have laugh
tracks movies in general don't have
laugh tracks also bad wouldn't it be
weird time a TV show would be a better
comparison like I mentioned like the
office or show like Radwell Arrested
Development with a laugh track it would
kill it it would kill it sure you know
it's still weird to me that TV shows
have laugh tracks there still shows like
the Big Bang Theory it feels so
antiquated it does at this point like I
get it I understand the era you know
when that was a thing especially because
shows used to be filmed I guess someone
who's still filming in front of a live
audience but my half-tracks are just the
worst
I have tracks aren't just the worst
where are all the things all the
people's you need to save and the things
new things I need to shoot well they
usually cut to the things because
they're shooting the people do you have
a specialist with you I don't think I
have that upgrade though oh sure the
beasts can update a fuller house on
Netflix is is going to have a laugh
track sure who cares
that doesn't scrap yeah I always sucked
there's no way you should support fuller
house even if it didn't have a laugh
track how about that can I get empty
your house well you're kind of
supporting it by just having a Netflix
account you got to take the good with
the bad
they have lots of great original things
it's true the only mix month is next
month it's gonna be so fucking awesome
I'm in full-blown hype over blowit for
punisher era for daredevil yeah I'm in
so much hype you almost said Punisher I
didn't know earlier you were shitting on
the Punisher watch it wasn't your wasn't
someone else I don't like the Punisher
in the common in comic books okay I
think you're excited from in the TV show
well here's the thing I think that the
Punisher is kind of a OneNote character
yes
which means that he's gonna work great
as the villain for the season and then
they'll forget about him I'll be fine
they're gonna hand their you know he's
gonna be a villain it's gonna be a
season moral conflict and then they'll
be done with them doesn't Batman kind of
a OneNote character what are the nuances
of Batman Batman is kind of like your
Picard especially modern that's gonna
require some next play hold on because
the the complexities with Batman is
usually not like him winning it's how
he's going to win through his detective
skills and through his not hurting
people so he Picard in general tries to
find the moral high ground in a
situation and you're good Batman does
the same thing like I need to figure out
how to get to this villain and how to do
so without hurting innocent lives right
but does that does that imply multiple
notes it can okay not there's not
necessarily multiple notes Batman is not
my favorite hero spider-man is my
favorite hero vitamin Batman cripples
people Batman does crippled people yes
how many deaths do you think I had cuz
if you look up at the screen and see it
for yourself oh sorry I didn't see how
many civilians were there in total how
many 1313 civilians I mean they they
usually for me like they usually get to
before I'm even around yeah so I'm going
to say out of 13 did did five get killed
too - okay
- nice this is phenomenal very well done
thank you thank you I mean usually they
kill two before you can react yeah so so
that's great
that's right Patrick Stewart would make
a great Batman you're absolutely right
sarcasm Oh nonnamous with all your
weirdness
does it ever frighten you that you are
responsible for two small children yes
love you bruh yeah I'm sure jack is a
good goofy fun dad
I you know my fine thing I try I'm you
know I'm I'm a multi-faceted hero you
know I have many dimensions making sure
my children are raised correctly but
also have fun you know they know the
rules I have a right ear memory of
feedom right at least once a day once a
day you put out your food put food in
their dish sure I have I have my dad
voice for when shit goes down and I have
to be serious
I think desk Ward's only increased by 14
for that excellent mission fuck you
councilman have you seen the trailer for
the the Netflix pee-wee Herman movie oh
no I haven't yet
I don't know about it no I don't either
yeah way too old well I mean he still
looks fine like he looks like peewee but
I don't know the trailer especially
there's like no jokes in it
I was like where's the humor she's many
minutes but maybe it's like the first
movie was good because I know Tim Burton
well more evidence of that like it big
top peewee there's no there is no excuse
for big top peewee bean so boring
because it's so weird there's so many
weird elements in it it's just like the
blandest thing it's got talking pig it's
got susan Tyrell who I love is the tiny
lady there's a tiny lady all the old
people eat
the hot dogs drink what are they
cattails cattails don't they don't they
eat like the cattails that grow wild and
that's like their magic hot dogs that
make them shrinking I remember hot dogs
being involved and yeah it makes all the
old people shrink into children yeah
Benicio del Toro plays the the the dog
person the dog boy really yeah it's
pretty seola Toro there's lots of weird
shit in that movie but it just it's
because of the way it was directed and
the way it was filmed it's the most
bland thing it's such a shame yeah it
shows you how much how important Burton
was - yeah pee-wee's big adventure hmm
see Jimmy mikasa I do worry about that
eventually my children will grow up and
watch all the things I've made and
there's gonna be a period where they're
gonna be very confused about a lot of
them yeah but oh well well there's worse
things you could be doing that they
could discover exactly they've seen some
of this stuff I've made it'll be fine
ah let's see here one small ball says
daredevil has me super hyped
I can't wait to skip all the scenes with
the sidekick friend and love interest to
see punisher murder everyone know you
need the friends it's all fine what's
his name what is that guy's name guy guy
Lee
okay guy Lee you know the law partner
yeah Oh fuckin Olsen buggy thought he's
fine the lady's gonna be a drunk it's
gonna be great she's already kind of a
drunk and then there's gonna be this
whole like substance abuse thing it's
gonna be great everything's gonna be
great let's see here the off switch says
the last stream you guys were talking
about fancy diet sodas hyah truth finds
a diet sodas famous diet soda discovery
had that were the famous in Scotland we
have a type of soda called iron brew
which mean
iron brew it out sells coca-cola over
here would rich like some would you like
some ear myth the brews sure why not
which would love to try something rich
would love that rich is really bad at
expressing his feelings he would
actually love that he would feel
flattered
hopefully the soda isn't flat turd
though hey as it was coming out I was
like I should stop do you guys want a
donation of some crazy Scientology DVDs
yeah
they donated these to the library at my
work and I snagged them or is
Scientology too touchy
that's not touchy we've made fun of it
before on the problems ology all day I
don't give a shit yeah the problem with
with any sort of like religious video is
a lot of them aren't funny they have to
be extreme and weird to be funny like
something like Bible man like the
concept is funny but the videos
themselves like yeah they're kind of
bland yeah so it's tricky there's some
like then you end up with something
really fucking weird like the SOS yeah
it's like that's that's that turned out
to be amazing that hit a special kind
yeah but there's lots of religious
videos that are just sort of mmm so it's
tricky
I'd haven't seen these Scientology
videos maybe they're nuts that would be
great it's like like also with the SOS
video I feel like if we would have
gotten the English version of that oh
yeah it would have been significantly
less special because we wouldn't have
been trying to discover what the fuck
was going on right so but I mean yes and
him there could be something weird in
there huh let's see here hey Jack hey
rich hey and a special hello to Susan
who is looking very fine this evening
rich as Anne
well sure rich as an autistic man myself
I have to say that the morel mushroom
guy was definitely autistic thank you
it's possible I wasn't usually getting a
mean way we're not even as a dis you are
not using it anything fair nobody
actually gave me shit about it's just
Mike making a comment about somebody
possibly giving a shit moment no
somebody did in a previous thing we got
an email or something you someone are
you thinking about autistic or the
trenny thing
no the autistic thing but low somewhat
someone was very upset but you got going
along with what this person just said we
did get an email after this recent
episode from someone saying I am
autistic and I'm not offended because
he's not using it in any sort of
derogatory
you did not use it as a slur right you
use it to describe how fun I'll even
defend the tranny one because the joke
was this oh no stupid that they were
using whose only purpose seems to be to
determine whether or not somebody was a
boy or a girl
that was the joke yeah of course right
it's it's that's sure but that's the the
word itself is not something that people
appreciate rich that's rich Evan oh
Jesus great great
yeah she's fragile yet she's fragile
she's just starting to rank up she's
she's she's my replacement secondary
Ranger you got a sniper you got two
Rangers as specialists and two grenade
good Nadir's I keep bringing her because
I'm hoping that sooner or later I'll
find something I can hack that'll give
me the hacking bonus yeah I like my
specialist I use my specialists a lot
they're a lot better in this game than
the supports were in the previous I
found I take two specialists almost on
every mission my heal specialist and my
attack specialist and I love them heal
specialist buff the people heal the
people who need it
attack special like you can just send
that thing out and just hack and attack
everything how long it's probably from
my Team Fortress 2 days and my love of
the engineer by the way I hate how they
lose all their items once they get
injured cuz I always forget to react
whip them with the stuff they had before
oh because you make utility of items no
no it just seems like when they die I'm
having the time when they get injured
they drop everything and they go back to
default
I had regular grenade I haven't found
that I wonder if I got some kind of
weird dude you keep do you keep hitting
memory never get that oh then I don't
know what that is that's really weird
it's really weird someone else my brain
wide
that's a good question star Horrible's
why do they wear full body armor without
helmets you could give them Alvin
because body eyes armor you know it's
listen it's because it's a video game
give mallet it looks like a Star Wars I
don't the Prometheus helmet somebody has
a mod that gives them stormtrooper
helmets oh really that that you give him
a Jason mask Jason mask love it and
that's perfect cuz you have a big Ford
give-give at least one of them the
Prometheus helmet prometheus helmet give
give give that Grenadier give him Matt
give who is that Gordon give Gordon the
Prometheus on them right now God you
might not have it unlocked he might not
be ranked enough I thought it was just
ranked with the armour yeah they go oh
sure yeah that's very Prometheus look at
that also very Robocop yeah that was
they all look the same they're all good
observing all these modern uh costumes
look the same yeah just you know people
are like no we're gonna make it look
like nothing really sleek don't they
base these things in what's popular at
the time
well you something's popular I mean
everyone starts doing that yeah that
becomes the standard science fiction
thing yeah I don't know it would have
started it the iPod the iPod I'm serious
I think sleek sleek design smooth curves
that became technology I was the angular
would be rounded edges was the iPods
yeah grabbable I just watched that Steve
Jobs movie which one the the recent one
ocean with Michael Fassbender mmm not a
great movie but it's okay mmm family
bear in the ashton kutcher one yep I
don't hate Winslet's really good in it I
don't understand this I so you can wear
a hat still I guess as far as being
practical
yeah useful that's one of the dumbest
things no sense absolutely no sense they
just had oral surgery and they haven't
gotten their braces removed yet and
actually this is in the hat section so
it would replace whatever hat they would
have been wearing this makes no sense
this makes no sense then yeah you're
right that was kind of cheesy fun
actually I'll give her that
yeah that's silly that's very silly so
you can give them helmets I just haven't
been doing that there you go anonymous
says don't do a Scientology video even
if it's funny they will almost certainly
hit you with a copy right
Oh Oh that's probably true
they definitely they probably won't like
come out here though to like attack us
personal Oh cuz they're crazy I think
they would have by now we've made fun of
Scientology a few times snide remark so
differently have not made fun of it
enough that's true they're they're a
bunch of wackos it's true
Scientologists absolute wackos what
point does a cult become a religion
isn't every cult of religion yes
Scientology it's a cult that you'd
qualify as a cult right isn't it didn't
Germany just like designate it as a cult
I don't know I don't know I think
somewhere in Europe they finally like
said like it's a dangerous organization
really yeah huh I believe I guess I
guess the harm it does to its members
and/or its members do to other people is
cult status yeah I don't think people
are worried about cult they're worried
about dangerous cults like I'm in a cult
and and we bake cookies for the elderly
and we believe that if you bake cookies
for the elderly you you get to ascend to
a Nexus level type consciousness and
people go okay yeah like that's a fine
call because being the bake cookies for
elderly cult I'll be in that cult mainly
just for the cookies though yeah it's
good you know good cookies let's see
here bouncer mustard lover rich what do
you think of the mimic beacon it saved
my ass a lot of times I gotta say I
haven't even played with first time I
played through it yeah whatever reason I
never got around to building one before
I beat the game oh okay I could have
built one by now I haven't thought to
and I've heard I've heard it's so useful
it breaks the game I don't want to do
that the mythic beacon you can throw it
yeah and then the aliens it does so
useful
I don't want to I don't want to I should
play around with could you imagine using
that in
junction with the proximity mines I just
unlocked the proximity mines and built a
couple I'm really excited about well I
don't think you want your mimic to blow
up before you it's it's done distracting
enemies I assume I assume proximity mine
too close to the mimic beacon will blow
up the mimic beacon oh sure but like if
you have like three baddies you know
mimic beacon and proximity mine then
it'll blow up the first one that runs
towards it and your mimic beacon is then
useless
you don't think here we go ahead more
you might want it like in the way of the
mimic beacon well that's what I'm saying
set up your proximity but not close
enough to actually hit it mimic beacon
they come running so rich is not played
with it I have also not played with it
doesn't the shotgun technically fit that
criteria rich-rich which criteria of
making XCOM too easy let's just go boom
boom Humbert though I will ask Jay that
when he comes back I'm going to leave
rich alone for a moment all right I'm
gonna quietly play X come warnings
evolve rich he's going to quietly play
ex-con for a moment didn't know okay I
didn't bring my sniper in this one
because I wanted to be mobile and now of
course I want that armor piercing mo
that he had that's fine
and regret this
nothing else alerted good
yeah I'll take that
oh I'll take that yeah
I know Jax you you go ahead and do that
oh that sounds great
of course no one's asking anything now
SJ a question cuz I'm quietly playa what
is the little floaty thing
oh that's sort of little robot it hacks
thinks okay she can hack the planet no
oh so what I wanted
well it's what I did oh she's not okay
nevermind amen
I move the wrong person but I've worked
out and nothing bad happened so Oh
purple space bazooka um good luck at
your interview that's the person that
was asking for advice the other day and
you just mocked that's what I do that's
what you do that's what people like I
have to mock what was what are they what
do they ask specifically that I mocked
oh they're just they said they were
having trouble getting a job and could
use some words of motivation and he said
something about look forward to getting
a job that you'll hate forever or
something like that that's what having a
job mean
honesty shaming that's what it is it's
honesty shaming do you have a job that
makes you miserable I am one of the
lucky ones
it's possible and hey when I'm even more
conventional jobs some people really
have ones that they really enjoy when
it's when it's December I'm rolling
around on an unheated studious floor
while coated in fake blood it's pretty
miserable on those days oh that's just
the worst
bill a hecka why isn't rich being
credited at the end of half in the bag
lately no reason other than I guess we
just didn't put him in the credits
really I don't even notice I didn't
notice either we have a template that we
use that we just kind of drop in so at
some point in the last few episodes that
card must have gone missing I don't know
I'm being phased out I will move Jack
you can sit here again he wanted to see
the thing
oh we weren't just sitting here in
silence I would have something to read I
answered two questions good job Jay
thank you I had some almonds really good
about that it's well past my dinnertime
the fucking Dodge I hate versus
supplemented with almonds and more
sparkling water there you go
sometimes they just forget to credit
people and episodes that's true that's
true as it's happened to me a couple
times all right like I said we have a
template that we just drop in so
sometimes it just you know we just slips
past us that we need to add a credit or
change a credit mm-hmm
sometimes it happens but now that you
mention it I will look into it make sure
our template gets back on track good oh
did you read any of the tips no Humbert
Doh Cabbage Patch wants to know if
you've seen the movie teeth yes teeth oh
my what teeth is great it's about a
young woman it's a coming-of-age story
about a young woman that has teeth in
her vagina vagina dentata as it's called
it's a wonderful film it's a wonderful
coming-of-age tale the fact that you
just said vagina dentata
oh it's great she goes to a gynecologist
anyone and I think it's been a while
since I've seen it but I think she
accidentally bites him well he's you
know doing an exam doctor and she's like
flipping out cuz she's upset about that
this happened and the doctor is like
missing fingers
Dean or maybe he's just bleeding and
he's just like vagina dentata vagina
dentata
the quality film is good why do you like
we had things missed it missed it
because bland things are boring that's
by the way good question good answer
although Lord Belmont says wants to know
if you collect blu-rays from criterion
and what do you think of criterion in
general I have some I mean it depends on
the movie
they're not like screen Factory I'm more
open to buy like blind buying stuff just
because it's more of the kind of thing
that's right up my alley mm-hmm
criterion is you know they've got some
interesting stuff they have some movies
that I'm not terribly interested in so
it depends on the movie sure they just
put out the Graduate on criterion though
and I would like to get back because
that's one of my favorite films well
there you go I have an old I don't think
it ever got ported over to blu-ray but
they licensed raw dogs
Sam Peckinpah a straw dog so I have that
on DVD that's a great film do we fled he
brand the fuck away because he knows
ex-cons gunning for his ass a finiman
would like F Cinnabon f in F finiman
would like to spend a ridiculous amount
of money to save fuck almonds Richie
Rich agrees what does this person stance
on cashews I could say positive they're
great any sort of salted nut to Kant
ratios are my favorite nut cashews are
great I like cashews almonds are great
too I mean as long as they're roasted
and salted yes of course yeah raw
almonds are not good the mixture of
those kind of nuts
what are the what are the pistachios all
pistachios are brilliant
fuck all moms I just enjoy I enjoy a
good nut sure good sure rich does not as
I help die yeah so rich agrees with you
wholeheartedly please notice that I said
what twice here you might read that as
what what what what what what happened
to stun for two turns
good question rich that's a good
question let's see what I got here Oh
something that's very exciting to me but
probably less exciting to most people
unless you own a PlayStation Vita or ps4
this this announcement might not be that
exciting to you but for those of us who
have it risk of rain coming to the
PlayStation 4 and PlayStation Vita
awesome as the only Vita owner in the
world
why is the Vita not more popular it
doesn't have a lot of great games now
and it doesn't have a lot of great games
because it's it's expensive to make a
game for it mm-hmm and so they have a
lot of like ported indie PC titles but
they're already available on the PC or
other platforms sure have a lot of games
but risk of rain coming to the Vita but
more importantly coming to the
PlayStation 4 where they have fixed its
online matchmaking system risk of brain
has like a online co-op it's a very
challenging game very hard game and you
can you should be able to play online
with other people but their online
multiplayer has been jank since day one
but they're fixing that on the
PlayStation and if you're a Vita owner
you can play online with the PlayStation
4 owner it works together
I'm super excited about it just because
it's an excuse to play risk of rain
again which is a great game so that's
all I got
and good for hope hoe or whatever their
company is called make a little more
money you can also stream ps4 games to
your Vita that's true but there is a lag
but if you have like I tried this with
like blood-borne you can you know I
haven't play on the PlayStation 4 but
like it or you know how it processes
through the ps4 but plays on your Vita
ok and so you can use the Vita as a
controller and like play in another room
ok but it plays like the big ps4 games
but it's just delayed enough to not be
worth it oh you can't really like you
can't play a real game on it yeah but
not a thing that matters to most people
but I saw that announcement cuz nobody
has the Vita nobody has the Vita not a
lot of people have the psi not a lot of
people care about risk of rain it's all
it's an announcement all for me they
might have as well have titled it hey
Jack you're gonna like this
what game works great to stream from the
ps4 to the Vita what it'll me this
Batman I don't I'm not sure if any
really does like a turn it would it
would work great for if X come to came
to the ps4 it would work great because
it's turn-based mmm there's no there's
no like twitch motion necessary you can
make all your plays you could have the
delay and that would work out great and
then I could play XCOM 2 while on the
toilet that's all I want that's really
all you want out of technology is what
can I do on the can I can I do this on
the toilet can I do this whilst pooping
that's why the iPad was such a
revolutionary adventure huge huge you
can play the original XCOM on your iPad
while pooping so there you go
expo - speaking of which kind of how's
the des mod for streaming that you're
getting I got I ordered it last year and
they're still working on it
I ordered a 3ds you know the Nintendo
handheld yeah and you can order it
through a specific company and they will
solder in a video out oh ok oh it's a
USB out sure for for streaming or for
video capture yeah as I thought this
would be a great investment like oh we
could stream I love handheld games yeah
stream handheld games we can do episodes
on handheld games but it takes like
apparently five months to make this
thing okay so it's ordered and paid for
and one day you might get it one day
who knows if the 3ds will still be
making games but I might get it alright
biggest waste of money ever one day
new prereq best games to play while
pooping it's tough because you know like
you can't you can't get too excited
about a game yes you know if it's a if
it's a butt cruncher if you're so
excited that you squeeze your butt
cheeks together that's not a good
pooping game to a48 good pooping again
oh the tile oh yeah to it for it yeah
that's fine great pooping game I'm just
spectacular yeah I think a game like
XCOM would be great because you can just
relax you can sit you can take your time
you know FTL is is another fine example
that's a good pooping game I always
enjoyed that Binding of Isaac while
pooping cuz you know like it was tense
but there was always the pause feature
but you're right it also it can't be a
game you get too into or else then your
legs fall asleep yeah so you have to
balance that's why I always thought the
witness would be such a great mobile
game you know you go in you do a look
around you do a puzzle you get out of it
but now it's a big game the witness
would bore the shit out of you know I
think I think the witness would be a
perfect mobile game you look around
you'd do a puzzle
there's a great DMV tactics games for
the PSP lovely poopourri yeah any sort
of turn-based anything where you don't
need to like really be on the edge of
your seat because if you're on the edge
of that seat there's things might get
messy
we've reached the Pope Jay I have not
seen the witch yet okay I really want to
it looks right up my alley looks like
the type of movie I would enjoy but I
have not had the chance to see it yet
okay thank you for the hourly has Jay
seen the witch update it has also been
an hour if you have not I just stood up
to go to the bathroom get our new water
but I'm gonna stand up anyway so if it's
been a whole hour since you've stood up
stand up it's good for you alright
I like to do little stretches
I was doing some like a some light
lunges knee lifts again you know just
something to get the old the old blood
flowing you know set my timer for
another hour
hmm pardon
oh my coughs have you guys seen the late
70s movies sergeant pepper's lonely
heart hearts club band I have not no
sorry I remember I remember like in high
school a lot of my friends you know
that's right around the age where
everyone gets super into the Beatles
yeah and they were insistent on watching
like you know Yellow Submarine I was
just bored to tears I've never seen any
of the Beatles just stuff like yes just
bored
what what oh no I'm foolishly making
more coffee oh what a terrible idea I
fallen off the wagon lately with coffee
I cut back for a little while mmm
although I'm making half caf so it's not
quite as bad okay they say they say even
if you just um if you're trying to get
off coffee just have hot water yep
just you know just drinking hot water
will kind of trick your mind no I'm not
trying to get off of call off caffeine
though sure I'm just trying to cut back
a bit mhm and I've been okay until this
last week or so
a hard day's night is a great movie I I
can't believe you is it just that you
don't care about the Beatles or I think
that's part of it well you don't you you
have a hard time with older movies in
general I do right it's true and then
you know like just hearing them talk
they're fine they're all fine musicians
like that the music's fine don't you
think you know they try to be funny and
I know we're gonna go he wasn't even the
best broom and the Beatles ooh hate
listening to them and I know this is our
office this is the appropriate stream to
be insulting accents right I hate them
all
all hates you too and elevates me too so
there we go
oh yeah fire burn aids use your fire
grenade no oh I had a run button but was
okay it wasn't it was a damaging wrong
button oh good there's your fire
grenades I know it'll solve this problem
fire they're from Liverpool you oh you
have to end the sentences like you're
always asking a question instead
that's a Beatles thing I Liverpool thing
apparently oh yes I blame the Beatles I
learned how to play guitar when I was 12
it also helps if you clench your
buttcheeks a little bit because then you
raise up that just helps me do the
impression so rich how are you enjoying
X come the bud clenched advice that's
good I think it helps you talk like a
bee Oh
J should be making espresso we need an
espresso machine here I had one once
yeah and I think I think my roommate
took it when we moved out of that
apartment I recently uh we are traveling
and usually I have mine at my pour over
coffee to make a really nice coffee but
you know it's a big glass vial so it
doesn't travel very well yeah and so I
got an arrow press right which basically
makes us an espresso shot or two and
I've actually been using that over the
pour over just because the coffee's so
much smoother mmm you know you're making
americano like a couple shots of
espresso and then hot water over it
which kind of dilutes its oh it's
beautiful I love my arrow press a little
harder to maintain you know clean it out
with every with every cup of coffee
instead of every couple of cup of cuz
it's not coffee like my pour over but I
love it look at that Hall look at that
fucking Hall how much treasure you got
there actually I was a little lucky
charms my Liverpool ian is turned into
the Lucky Charms rabbit rabbit or he's a
leprechaun and people are always trying
to take his Lucky Charms Jack Oh didn't
you know the Trix are for kids confusing
your cereal mascots very important get
your Laura correct
