Jack, the Indiscriminate Assassin (Part 2)
November 30, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LQoc7ZOFNvo

talking about though that brand of beer
is terrible what do you talk about if
you're talking about my high alcohol
content beer remember that I described
it as gasoline and I only drink it
because it's so high in alcohol content
and I believe it saves me calories so
remember that I think it tastes gotten
used to the taste g-shot says shuts hi
rich and Jack hi
Jack I just wondering how are you were
doing with all these short story
recommendations oh I don't think I've
read any of them I have them I have them
all written down I've had a busy couple
weeks rich love the gremlins commentary
thanks for all the entertainment lol
grab my Schwann something Schwan's
something oh yeah you gotta be careful I
agree with you about that foreign
language thing and you'd like a handy
bookmark to google translate
you can't how about gremlins Jack wasn't
gremlins a fine film gremlins is a fine
fine film I it has been far too long
since I have seen gremlins this whole
kicking finger you like the kicking
thing I've never liked okay like I don't
know why I'm doing it though simply our
behind since college we do it I'm okay
with it no I'm just pressing attack oh
man I'm just kicking them which is great
like it's it's helping but I'm not used
to kicking so alcohol Jack what the high
alcohol called I like that shit it's a
six-point beer or six point brewing
makes it a beer called resin which is
like a nine eight or nine percent
alcohol it's what I was drinking if you
want to know how good it is it's what I
was drinking during the very drunk
Halloween best of the worst episode it
is a fantastic beer six point resin and
they even make a triple IPA which I want
to say is up to 10% alcohol another good
one if you're in the area or can get
your hands on it is um is MKE brewings
hop monster which is a or og og is
brewed with tearless very very tasty
Isaiah says rich when it comes to JRPGs
which I call console RPGs not all are a
button fests try Final Fantasy Devore
for the DS version just happening a will
get you killed Mario RPGs are also not a
button fests there you go rich there you
go seven one five how about gremlins oh
that's right we're talking about
gremlins yeah it has been too far too
long since I've seen gremlins yeah which
is a shame and you know and you know
what that's that's absolutely my fault I
need to go watch grandma's fine holiday
movie Christmas and Christmas time well
no gremlins and die hard their Christmas
movies ha ha ha ha not really Christmas
movies come on come and you could enjoy
watching them around Christmas but I
think calling them Christmas movies it's
kind of silly ah kindness it's just it's
part of the setting that take place
during Christmas but yeah that's cool
that's cool man someone on the chats
asking earlier asked why they hadn't
made that made me smile why they haven't
made gremlins three and it's because the
second one didn't do that well yeah I
think most people didn't like it because
it was so different compared to the
first tonally oh sure
that makes sense
that makes sense
but I mean it's been far too long so I
can't even I can't I don't feel like I
can comment on gremlins because it's
been too long since I've since I've seen
it you know how long has it been a
decade Oh easily a decade easily decade
if not longer Wow yeah
it's been too long it's one of those
movies that I I think like as a preteen
you know or like a just teenager or like
when I was 13 14 through 16 I watch it
all the goddamn time mm-hmm you know
what happens movies come out nemesis
rich TNG had lots of great apps but
plenty of terrible ones and for me a
primary indicator that a show would suck
would be if any of the stupid children
on the enterprise were going to be a
part of it ha ha ha that's that's not
true that's not true a really good one
the one worthy the enterprise she said
some kind of problem that it was
stranded and the turbo decks weren't
working and Picard was kind of like
trapped with the kids and they had to
work to find a way to the bridge and he
was like he was like made it a game we
like told them they were all bridge
office Bridge office that was a great
episode and that had kids that was a
great episode right you're absolutely
right can you feel about the one with a
transporter turns them into children Oh
what the worst I got kids I remember it
being lame but I mean your memory can
fail you sometimes here's how you
recognize an absolutely awful TNG
episode it's from season one
Figg seven of Ordinances rich have you
ever played any of the Fire Emblem games
you might appreciate the tactical
aspects of those games I'm not an anime
fan but I found the series to be pretty
likely despite that I'm not yes no idea
never blame Oh mr. blob blocks oh my god
mr. blob blocks bob says hi guys I love
the service disruption felt very
Orwellian any thoughts on Bitcoin we've
ever accepted on your merch slash store
for donations and so on there are
currently no plans to I I wouldn't trust
it Bitcoin yeah I don't keeps going up
but up in value but oh yeah that's a
bubble ready to boost right there
exactly
little hidden barrier here yeah I don't
I don't know fully trust that Bitcoin
Bitcoin has already burst several times
and rebounded oh my god oh no right your
Bitcoin I love bitcoins wettable there
you go
bitcoins the best thing there you go no
now you got it I got the game Tiberius
Kirk is defending in the chat he's
defending TNG season one I think there's
some good episodes in season one
encounter at Farpoint terrible
absolutely terrible it's amazing that
the show got picked up what's the what's
the one where Riker joins the Klingon
crew this season - you sure about that
it's Bear Bryant season two where no one
has gone before
then you really think the end of that
was exceptionally lame someone were the
they run into they the floating eyes and
mouth and space it was like a god and he
wants to kill everyone on the enterprise
in different ways to see how people die
and then Picard solution instead of
letting him kill half the crew he's
gonna kill all of the crew by blowing
the ship up to take away his plaything
yeah how lame kinda lame not the worst
season one episode they weren't all
terrible just most of them the battle
was that the I'm trying to remember the
battle and that was the first Ferengi
episode is terrible they got those
stupid laser whips and they act like
like like orangutan bad and then Riker
saves the day with some kind of nonsense
philosophy quote
stop scrolling I'm trying to read things
okay and other episodes listed and I
can't I can't read them sorry dude I'm
reading now yeah yeah no that's not
where no one has gone before
this is the traveler oh the traveler Oh
God
oh I hate that episode oh you lost the
traveler stupidness of Wesley's the
special child of destiny we just talked
about how I hate the special child of
destiny and you're pointing out a
special child of Destiny episode and
it's Wesley that's terrible that's
absolutely terrible and it's Wesley
yeah data Laura didn't do it for me it
didn't do it for me is the first lore
episode Laura had the potential to be a
decent villain and never really panned
out yeah definitely agree with that and
and and Laura was only a decent
character because of what was the
episode brothers weird data went and met
Noonien Soong the guy who built him and
the lore shows up that was the episode
where Laura had potential to be a good
villain in the future then they wasted
it with all of us what was the that to
partic all that horrible two-parter in
season 7 that's Kenny I can't even
remember what was called descent oh God
descent that's descent is one of the one
of the horrible TNG stories that's not
from season 1
well she got what else you got say
various Kirk and we were agreeing to
disagree on this I'm not saying you're
wrong I'm just saying that I don't like
these episodes check keep scrolling and
I can't read all your suggestions and
I'm sorry I can't find the rest of them
now I
oh here we go conspiracy no with the
weird chest monsters that never showed
up again once again I it's just one that
didn't do it for me how the neutral zone
was good the neutral zone was a decent
episode that's where they they find the
people cryogenically frozen from close
to modern-day earth remember like the
banker who's like I need to check my si
yeah that's a fun episode yeah and
that's the first hint of the board to
the colonies they're investigating in
that episode that they think the
Romulans destroyed yeah the way they
described them being destroyed is
exactly the way the Borg were destroying
colonies in the best of both worlds okay
so that was a secret Borg episode one
one zero zero one the binary episode
with the binary people were Ryker falls
in love with the holograph woman I'm not
a terrible episode it certainly doesn't
make my any of my favorites list in home
soil I don't honestly I don't even
remember which episodes home soil and
symbiosis weren't I just I can't recall
which one those were the top of my head
yeah by now
I know there's some people I didn't kill
don't worry I'll get yours one ugly bags
have mostly water or skeevy home so I
that's not enough I remember that quote
I just don't I just honestly don't
remember what episode that is symbiosis
was David from Star Trek 2 hooked on
drugs sounds great
I'm just drawing blanks
was David from Star Trek times I don't
know people at some videos just had the
two guys from Wrath of Khan it's just
it's just not jogging my memory
on a scale of 0 to 1 what did you think
of the binary I'm not rich is going to
talk about trek all night well Your
Honor I talked about anime trying to get
away from that ship oh that's right that
lady had to turn that off oh oh
rich people kept the poor working by
telling them they were sick but it was
drugs all right that episode is ok it's
still none anywhere you know nevermind
one of my favorites does it ok episode
but I don't think there's any single
episode from season 1 that is great if I
were going to list the like my top 20
TNG episodes yeah season 1 isn't going
to be in that list really yeah that's
that's a bold statement it's a lot I
think it's pretty anchor statement
though
what rich what about conspiracy I can't
give you a detailed critique and why I
think it's horrible it's just nowhere
near one of my favorite episodes
you establish a big big threat to
Starfleet where Starfleet has been
infiltrated she need more hints to that
earlier if you're gonna do this big
grand epic idea isn't that a bit much to
throw out there and you know one just
one standalone episode where the top
brass is time fleet they've all been
taken over by aliens and it's like a
one-off it's a weird one off yes it
would have been nice if they would have
done that but also like Trek didn't do
that too often no say like that that
wasn't their thing as far you know like
they weren't like into setting up
setting up the students no it was it was
an out of place storyline they do in
Star Trek my fell that way to me yeah
but I've been right at home in Deep
Space nine just your changelings are
taking over the top brass and Starfleet
and then you got yourself a DS 9 episode
and then the end is so anti-climatic
they just shoot the guy and he it's
really disgusting he blows up but yes it
wasn't average Shrek ending okay let's
shoot him okay you shot a guy it's
electrified that is not the worst thing
ever
rich to set up the conspiracy all right
fine for crying out loud you Jesus it's
the best episode of Star Trek they ever
made there you go there you go nice it's
just as good as anime ha ha ha
now yonder ticket now you know how it
works I kill though you people right
yeah
found a few that I almost missed though
rich there's actually a really good
thing I got electrocuted by those reels
because I almost missed a few people
grande Guard soldiers lapdogs for the
Duke now
it's me to need bananas
yes yes chat send me the links to all of
the anime that doesn't suck and I will
watch it all you love it
tonight on stream lives king child UK
says what do you think about the
resurgence resurgence of Flat Earth
theory seriously not joking they are out
there now what the fuck GG because
people are trying to turn against
science because science is saying things
and discovering things they don't like I
think these people I think they're in
the minority I don't and I'm not too
worried about them you're not too
worried about Flat Earth spheres taking
over this it's some harmless quackery
harmless quackery maybe until there's a
movement to get it taught in schools
teach the controversy yet might be flat
possibly then it's a problem but until
then I don't I don't think there's a
serious push that we gotta worry about
for the Flat Earth I think I think veal
never end and you know like the good the
good point is the only reason anyone
knows about it in the first place is
because everyone keeps spreading it who
thinks it's really weird hmm and that
and so you know the reason you heard
about is someone said man this really
weird theory came around check it out
Nevaeh says jack when you upload this to
youtube could you add a murder counter
oh god it'd be way too mini break a door
interesting
it says breakable I know in when you can
upgrade with your runes and shit you can
get a strength upgrade that lets you
break doors but uh that's you're not
strong enough you need to get through a
lot if the earth isn't flat then how do
steam rollers work dumbass
you know what check mate atheists and
their a flat earth vid where somebody
debunks the round earth by showing up
upside down pictures of penguins in
Antarctica how do they stay in
Antarctica is it true yeah I know people
are idiot I know the Penguins don't fall
off man I'll tell you what I go on the
top of this roof is pretty high right
top of this roof right here
I'll look out I'll look side to me now
you know I'm not a scientist I'm just
saying what I see with my own eyes
that's worth just as much you can argue
with that it's too stupid you just have
to let it go and ignore it and educate
other people I mean make sure they're
not you know dumb they don't I yeah make
sure they're not a teacher somewhere yes
that's the important part just make sure
they're not teachers best villainous
race and all of Star Trek I tend to go
species 8472
but the JEM Hadar are up there too now
the best villains in my opinion the
Romulans everything every Romulan
episode was like a game of chess and
deceit with deception and some fun fun
stuff going on in Romulan episodes the
board we're only good for like one use
because once once you once you stop the
the opponent has you grossly outmatched
there's diminishing returns to the Borg
we're invading you again oh you burned
the guy and you know every time you see
the Borg and they fail become less and
less of a threat the unstoppable threat
who has been stopped several times yeah
exactly
yeah there were there were one good
one-time-use villain and the fact you
know that you know the really because
they kept going to the Borg that's how
you ended up with stupid shit like the
bug Queen they got we're gonna add Queen
now they had to up the Borg ante because
they needed they needed an actual
villain that somebody can talk to they
got and they got a queen I guess yeah I
think I have dialogues you could say
villainous things and that that whole
concept of a queen just ruined the board
conceptually they went from being a high
of mine to basically space zombies yeah
who are controlled by a voodoo queen
yeah there's my old school zone yeah
yeah that's what the bug became after
you introduced after first contact it's
one of the reasons I hate first contact
I'm in the I'm in the of the opinion
that the board should have been left
alone after best of both worlds
maybe maybe you get the one Hugh episode
was fun oh the hue of a soda was because
they because they found a way to do
something intelligent with it and they
did it by making a board who wasn't
mindless he gets his individuality back
individuality individual individuality
back and by the way what a great
morality of us so - yeah just like you
had the chance to destroy our enemy
well is it up to me so I'm Shawn
cortisone Connery is the captain now
there are kind of tragic there are some
like less interesting Klingons we will
fight to the end that's kind of its kind
of the Klingon usually we will fight
where the battle ones with a battle
aliens the JEM Hadar like whoa we're
also the battle aliens only there are
cultures not quite as interesting as the
Klingons I don't know why I don't know
the Jim adora exactly know they watch
bunch of dances night at all
no okay there were these named yeah
by the Romulans
there's always some kind of scheme going
on that was fun Troi wakes up they give
her plastic surgery and they're trying
to convince her that she's gonna Romulan
agents yes the Romulan double agent
episode that was a great event so that's
the kind of fun shit you get with the
Romulans and that is why they are my
favorite Trek villains oh that's a great
episode rich that's a mind fucker right
there that's a great Trek episode Ron
Wieland's are barely in TOS Oh Oh
balance of terror that's one of my
favorite TOS episodes I put that above
my time I said I'd think of one
eventually balance of terror and it's
one of the two Romulan episodes of tos
and then I blew I accidentally blew
myself up with a canister of whale oil
because I wanted to be funny I wanted to
be funny rich rich is definitely
forgetting how great the Ferengi were I
wouldn't call them villains they're more
comic relief the forgive me villains
from time to time but rarely did you
think of the Frankie as a threat right
they can make for decent antagonists
though
running away from me little sloppy but
the Institut little sloppy that was
those sloppy that was a lot of wacky
Hackett II and they couldn't make a
popular Romulan Star Trek movie that's
cuz the movies were too dumb to do
something interesting with the Romulans
but we just won't have that I'm in the
villain of the week shoot at things
those are the later Trek films the
Romulans were too smart for cinematic
Star Trek nonnamous is Jack yeah oh
never mind
they want to please you were though what
yep the off switch says I only played
JRPGs when I have a spare fork with me I
Ram it into my leg to remind me out
alive after exposing myself to the
mind-numbing gameplay now I don't really
play them waste of good Forks ah take
that force
there's something left to kill
whoa I heard someone say something I
have not seen the arrival people people
keep telling me it's great yeah I'll
probably see it when it's available at
home that's what most people see most
things
yeah
ah that's right Oh can I even get up
there look at she's up there I almost
forgot about up there there's more
people to kill
don't throw shit at me it's not nice
you're going through a no death run for
the whole entire game Jack's doing an
all death run I'm doing I'm doing a no
magic murder everyone run even the
civilians murder everyone no questions
asked murder murder murder murder run
and so I mean it's gonna find so far the
only the only problem is that there
there's an area that I think I'm gonna
have trouble getting to without magic
deck somebody the chat wants to know if
you watch the ghost in the shell' TV
show I dunno
I did like the ghost Michelle anime mr.
Bob blocks plop mr. Bob blocks bob says
rich what is your favorite Back to the
Future film and why and on that note
what other time-travel film would you
say is one of the best the the only
answer is Back to the Future one it is a
fucking tight fuckin solid movie hell
yeah - two is fun because of the weird
shit they decide to do with it so yeah
fuck it we're gonna deal with one let's
get crazy with it and then three it's
kind of like well follow the kind of
basic formula the first film that's a
rehash but it's in the West it's in the
West that makes it different Back to the
Future one is just amazing set up set up
and pay off like every stray diet line
of dialogue in the early part of that
movie pays off later like fucking
everything everyone says from the clock
tower to the uncle who's in jail the
hobo the hobo on the street pays off
everything that happens if everything
set up after Wow yep yep
the mother talk ride never Park with
boys and cars all right where did that
guy come from
where did that guy come from some
somewhere maybe thin air huh
maybe he teleports if you thought about
that I thought about him teleporting
maybe he's got blink maybe as far as
other time travel movies nothing really
compares it's Chuck Bill and Ted but I
don't know if that's a time travel movie
and it technically it's time travel
movie but it's it's more a fun adventure
time travel movie yeah
we can cut we can count that as a movie
but like I think bill and ten proves
that it didn't have to be time travel
it's just the wacky adventure was the
important thing it was all them they do
weird afterlife things right Time
Bandits it's been far too long since
I've seen Time Bandits oh yeah oh oh and
beer Meister in the in the chat he's got
the other time-travel film hey I think
this counts because it's very much about
time on Groundhog Day not like a
traditional and you think it's going
into the past to go into the future just
the same day repeating I'd say that
counts as a time-travel film sure but
it's great I'll accept it I'm not a
hundred percent sure it counts but I'm
just gonna say it is it's great yeah
yeah it counts I say it does I make the
rules
twelve Monkeys I have not seen twelve
Monkeys this is all right yeah it's just
great it's been too long I can't I can
meet I can either confirm nor denied
great but it's alright see how do we get
up there with no blink if I need to if I
have to murder everyone and I do cuz I
said I need to murder everyone I need to
get to the roof rich how do I do that
shoot people from a distance with you
thing I mean that's probably what it's
gotta be but
Star Trek save-the-whales is the best
time travel movie no it's fine movie
it's a gimmick take these characters you
like they're in modern Taylor now that's
fun concept there's a fun concept yeah
Star Trek for now that it's a great time
travel movie though Tiberius is time
after time underrated time travel movie
yes underrated yes or as close to being
best
for anybody who doesn't know time after
time is about this friggin a time
machine
oh god damn it darlin HD Wells HG Wells
versus Jack the Ripper in 1970s New York
that's what time after time is Jack the
Ripper uses HD wells time machine to try
and escape justice HG Wells goes to stop
him
perfect it's great it actually is great
I've never seen it like that sounds
great that sounds just perfect
but I'm Peggy Sue got married back to
high school did your time travel she
wakes up she's a teenager again
she gets to redo her life oh I think I
murdered I murdered all them up there
one of the early Nick Cage movies and
can't think of her name was Peggy Sue
exam real Streep Oh doesn't matter all
right
no cat litter it's cat litter okay got
it
you've killed everyone
Jiminy Cricket prick bastard says what
are your thoughts on Kanye West didn't
he just die
oh no he survived it survives he had
like a panic attack it was nothing oh I
killed rich a hundred and seven people
that's nice that's a nice murder count
nice murder count no he had a little
panic attack he's Kanye West is uh he's
a bit of a crazy person yes he's a bit
of a crazy person I like some of the
music that he makes he's obnoxious a
little obnoxious anyone knows music he's
just obnoxious yeah but you know I like
some of the music that he makes I don't
know if I missed one forty yep forty six
civilians that's me I'm a killer he's a
killer guaranteed to blow your mind but
okay Institute of infectious disease
good music and some not so good music
but
I like a bit of it skip fucking hell
alright let's remember some of these
levels now we're getting to that we're
getting to the good stuff now
good hope you don't mind a little murder
let's Planet of the Apes not count
suppose I suppose it does it's not it's
technically but climate behaves is not a
factor the matically it's not a time
travel no no it is not the time to have
a movie at all it is he just goes
forward in time like yeah no it's not a
time okay I'm not counting so it's not
it's not a time travel movie unless you
go backwards no no or like he does not
have a time machine okay okay in order
in order for it to be a time travel
movie one that needs a time machine what
if whatever magic spell brings you back
in time is that that time travel movie
sure that'll work - well that's a
machine but it's not it was you can't
travel through time naturally that
doesn't count as a time travel movie
then every movies a time but he goes
through a black hole or something right
and then I'll be get in the fastest
space I think I don't remember happy
again all right thought it was just
space its space anomaly that's a thing I
want to say for a time travel movie at
least someone needs to be aware that
you're traveling through time if that
makes any sense
all right all right
someone has to have the direct purpose
of traveling through time they did not
they did not send him through to travel
through time
you know army of Darkness yes yes time
Francie that's how we get crazy I would
get crazy with it
these time-travel shenanigans the
central theme of our army of Darkness is
fighting monsters right the central
theme of back to the future is dealing
with the consequences of traveling
through time right Jiminy Cricket prick
bastard says when you upload the twitch
streams to YouTube Jack for the love of
God upload them with all the dead air
cutout work yep and time so no no the
the we upload them and we cut them up
the best we can but we just try it out
you know it's fine we can't put too much
fuckin fine
can't put too much time into it giant
dodo says hey rich feeling lonely
hey I wanted to kill that person mr. Bob
Blanc's bob says if you like Groundhog
Day and don't mind watching Tom Cruise
having to die over it Africa to relive
the same day on the front of an alien
invasion
yes edge of tomorrow is fantastic
tomorrow's Fantasticks one I need to see
that is one you know what everyone tells
me Marv is so much fun it's like dread I
now don't see it I forget about it when
I'm home and but you saw I'm not
thinking about eventually it took
forever
it did that's odd I enjoyed it and we
were right yeah that's all that matters
rich is that we were right
I figure out how to get up there without
my bulimic now officially renamed as
live die repeat edge of tomorrow on
Amazon interesting oh I think that was
like one of the the foreign titles that
was how I was titled like that's how the
title translated in like Japan or
something but Amazon they're able to do
these things by region and if it's
showing up is that here maybe they just
like that name better Amazon to Amazon
made an executive decision well it
wasn't a very successful movie I don't
think was it it's like it's like
ghostbusters that answer the call to
distance themselves you know the real
ghostbusters what do i the the name on
blu-ray of the the all-female
Ghostbusters is answer the call
Ghostbusters what yeah I don't know I
changed the name of the movie on DVD
really answer the call Ghostbusters
that's right
they're ghostbusters answer the call
whatever but I mean it's not just
Ghostbusters not sure sure interesting
I'm gonna throw this at that glass
window
that'll reshape their cages up shake
them right up this ghostbusters 2016 at
time travel movie because I was acutely
aware of the passage of time during it
now it was an actual time travel device
because you could feel time like slowing
down as you were watching it boom
sick burn
various perks sang live die repeat was
the film's tagline and when the movie
tanked in the u.s. were brothers thought
they scrolling chat I thought they could
play up that tagline to sell it in home
media without baggage from the
box-office flop yeah yeah that doesn't
surprise me at all
great they probably should have called
it live die and repeat in the first
place
engine tomorrow what the fuck is ended
tomorrow Jiminy Cricket prick bastard
says have you thought of blowing up a
VHS with tannerite if rich doesn't know
what tannerite is asked jack or the chat
well I don't so I can only assume it's
some sort of explosive
it's in a mineral that says make like a
tree and leave or get out make like a
tree and get out of here nice yeah I
fucked it up it's not nice I had to get
it right the first time and I didn't
Biff Tannen anyway not Tanner so I guess
that doesn't even work
oh you know what I fail then all I
thought you were making a bad pun Danny
Tanner Full House reference that's how
far off I was what does that have to do
what reason leaving he's just made bad
puns did he I think so I know that was
Jill whit that was the the thing that
caused a friend in a wonderful house it
made me sick the sheriff you know what
rich
anybody torso I don't have time for that
so somebody said what that does in the
chat hi mr. tenor it's cheap brick
explosive used for baiting and
vaporizing wild hogs I don't think we
thought about actual explosives yet I
probably need permits for shit like that
go out to the woods
give up red one first the red one is the
one with a gun ah so you gotta kill the
red ones first and the other guys that
are easy that's some strategy Jack
listen I'm murdering everyone I'm a
psychopath I'm not an idiot drop this on
them do you think I could drop this on
them you can do whatever you want try it
this is mmm that just felt awful what
then look on her face was just winning
it made me sad Jack it made me sad
you're you're you're you're kind of a
monster yes did you not understand what
there might would be a fun way to
destroy a tank thermite thermite yeah
hello friend goodbye
hello there you go now you did I believe
that's all the people in here doo doo
doo doo doo excuse me
about me shelf thermite is very
dangerous
I can imagine I think there are a lot of
ways to destroy a VHS tape that that we
have yet to explore and I would like to
I'd like to explore some more you know
the the one of the big problems as far
as destroying VHS is our concern is we
just haven't run across many lately that
we feel really passionately about you
know and I feel if we were really
passionate about destroying a VHS we
would we would put some effort into it
you know I I heard the most wonderfully
nerdy story about John Carmack and
thermite okay when he was still a kid he
once stole an Apple 2 computer from a
school and you know you know because
this is the nerdiest fucking thing I
ever heard he stole an Apple 2 computer
by making a like a thermo thermite and
taped like around a window and he burned
a hole in the window so he wouldn't set
off the alarm in the window to get into
the window so he could steal an apple
tube computer oh then it's just like the
nerdiest crime ever agreed I agree
that's great it's fat fun ruined it fun
let's hit that for him his fat friend
couldn't fit the hole they burned in the
window so the fat friend foolishly like
broke the rest of the window open and
that set off the alarm and they got
busted still
damn uh well I mean that's great that's
great yes the moral is don't bring fat
friends to crimes yes
that's a fine moral
to find morale I'm okay with all of this
a hundred percent who was John Carmack
father I oh he's one of the founders of
in software
he made doom John makes doom doom quake
Commander Keen somewhat less
impressively to jump on it oh you can't
I tried hitting it with my sword don't
you think you should be able to do this
rich yeah actually do know if it's got
like a metal kind of bar there he
wouldn't be able to do that in real life
I don't know it's fine maybe the cord
some kind of pipe wrong button
woopsy dupes wrong button yes and
Wolfenstein I forgot to mention
Wolfenstein oh that was terrible of me
he didn't mean he didn't make daikatana
that was that was John Romero the other
John who was ultimately dumber
it's probably a master key for the lab
somewhere
which pronounces Wolfenstein correctly
how do people say it I'll probably steam
no I think you say Wolfenstein yeah a
lot of people say Wolfenstein that's the
right way but you say Stein which is the
right one oh my god people say Stein
yeah do you dig is my question
key
I mean key I forgot where the key is
it was an accident no I always say like
Wolfenstein yes I've known right for a
while he always says he's like Wilson
sure I didn't realize people said
Wolfenstein I didn't know that was the
thing that's the thing
I forget the mispronunciation was the
holy eye thing Stein's Dean
I'm with ya of course the key
Jiminy Cricket prick bastard says yes
tenner I can be bought at many gun
stores it makes exploding targets for
rifles did I hit it
question mark kaboom what do you think
fuck nuts I've also heard it's illegal
to use for commercial purposes I don't
know I don't think I'm touching that
shit
zabba crowd excuse me
zarbor crowd says I can't believe they
actually got you to play the 7th guest
so here's $2 IP Oh two dollars
exclamation point
PS I love the stunt you pulled at the
end to stop playing the game I thought
it was an actual mistake at first I
actually was I didn't realize there was
a thing to hit okay so actually was not
a stunt no he's gonna believe it
that's fine cuz I guess the other Jesus
Christ shut up already stream and much
the same way that's that's the only
problem is now look if we do it again
it'll be fake it'll be genuinely fake
oh well no I'm saying that's the problem
with people thinking that it was done on
purpose is now that's - yep in which you
have we have ended with with bad saves
so you know we have to make sure next
time we really think about the save
you know gotta get up get up get up
what's that murmur about john carmack
that his cat peed on a new leather couch
so that he had to put down I don't think
that's a rumor I think it's in the book
I think it's something he did he had his
cat put down because of like peed on a
piece of furniture he liked the
furniture is expensive and cats a
replaceable yeah yeah I'm not gonna
you're not gonna get any cat sympathy
from me I mean I got a cat I love like
that but fucking man it sounds like it
might be a terrible person oh just like
a general dickhead like like potentially
a sociopath oh wow there you go that's
worse than general dickhead yeah lacking
lacking in human empathy sure okay
I've never used a grenade do it do it
nice nice
I can't believe they didn't notice that
first grenade really think they would
have seen that
oh yeah I guess I could go
all right
do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do
do-do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do how to
kill you Duke it's all finished traffic
far this summer yeah apparently not
that's fine
ship rick says trend that I'm sick of
when people idolize assholes by saying
at least they're smart see house
Sherlock etc those those characters are
fictional they're they're not real
they're fun characters because they're
assholes but they're they're not
actually hurting anybody's actual
feelings because they're well then
they're not real sorry I'm big an
asshole almost why don't I have some fun
yeah sorry Jen says Jack Bob Jack have
you ever heard of the trauma center
series it's kind of like Layton slash
Phoenix but you're a surgeon and you got
to do surgery very precisely and quickly
it gets very difficult actually yes it
gets very difficult very quickly
it sounds like operation it's a little
like operation and it's very difficult
and it's it's kind of interesting it was
actually a little too difficult for me
it was too difficult for me I played the
first one and got to a point
Jiminy Cricket prick bastard says bad
saves equals shitty UI and garbage game
design I agree with that bad saves like
the Ceph gust we didn't know we had to
click on the I didn't know it had to
click on the other thing to actually
save it oh boy I had already clicked on
save and absolutely absolutely but you
know what also how old is that game yeah
you can't it's no excuse it's no excuse
shitty designs no excuse yeah it was
really shitty menu design well isn't
there a better name for that for menu
design like user experience er dr. house
refused to see me about my motorcycle
accident so screw him he kept saying I'm
acting I was like no asshole I could
show you the crash report it's fun it's
fun I get it I get it I get what's going
on here I'm hip
so rich yeah
important question yeah important doctor
question yeah so obviously I'm going to
kill her yeah that is a no-brainer
yeah do i cure her first yes yes you
totally cured her first and I'm the real
question is can I cure her and then kill
her is that even possible save it first
and then actually can you skip all the
ship by just curing her right when you
meet her like it's going to find the
thing and make the care can you skip all
of it I'm assuming you can you can skip
over it by this killing her yeah I
didn't even try
oh well that's all I'm gonna do now
we're just gonna we're just gonna kill
her right away
yeah like killer even before we find out
she's the crown killer I suppose that
would work right let's just see you
let's see what happens there she is
well that was easy
yeah cuz now I could this be like a
whole back and forth thing about like
final zero that for me is great I love
that great
that's weird look at this Oh would you
fuck yourself with what are you gonna
read a thing
so you can oh she's the crown killer Oh
talk to this guy oh sure look what uh he
had a thick skull right I guess you can
save him this way oh he's dead how he
just died
Saul finds this please don't blame her
she had no idea what her other stuff was
doing she doesn't know the monster she
has become ah I never have had some
great dialogue what oh I already killed
her
oh yeah she's the crown oh yeah yeah oh
that's fortune oh wow oh I mean I was
just murdering people I guess you know
you win some you lose some
okay throwing a rat's chat saying oh
that's how you skip a cutscene
absolutely do you guys find that as you
get older you care less and less about
stirring games and more about gameplay
no I think I think my problem is when
games disregard gameplay in favor of
story I don't think there's any problem
with having story in a game if it's if
it's not interfering with the game being
a good game and you know I'll say as I'm
getting older I'm becoming more and more
okay with stories and games as I was
younger if there was I mean you still
have to skip cutscenes like no yes yeah
but you know even just a couple of years
ago I would just indiscriminately skip
now I feel like I'm listening to them
more for the show mm-hmm and so I think
I'm becoming desensitized I think in
recent years I've probably been a bit
traumatized by like the order and
Naughty Dog games I was like game you
don't want a game in your game he's
smart this is my talking it's not a
cutscene because technically you're
walking around while the people are
talking
there's hours of it you killed look at
this you killed dr. Alexandria without
talking to her find out what happened to
anton sokolov by searching the
recuperation area okay I do need to I
still need to do something over here
okay I need to I need the clue that
tells me where Sokoloff is or else we
can't move forward because fuck yeah I
killed her
she was the crown killer I would have
killed her no matter what
look at this bitch you know what I'm
gonna do
fucking throats and shit yeah deal then
I probably don't like read some shit or
something
dead body how am I supposed to do here
search the recuperation area oh I need
some shit no see this is this is where
we get a text adventure II like this
what what is that what is it oh those
are bottles that's why I just rub my my
little cursor here on everything on the
desk looking for this stupid thing I
need but you don't have dark fishing huh
I think you got to go to where she made
the wheel you have to make the potion
it's probably where you need to go I
listened to the audio thing did it I
think accounts Vincent D'Onofrio by the
way is great as the Duke great all right
we're getting out of here we're fucking
out of this we're fucking out of this
place yesterday's okay what reading that
yeah
hey that's how I feel about reading that
sometimes you people hate I know weird
stuff I know that's like I guess overall
it's fine I do what you do you know
it's your $2
are there any deliberately bad movies
that we enjoy I wanna share so yeah the
fun in a bad movie is the fact that
somebody tried I think if it's
deliberate you lose all of that I can't
think of any that I've really enjoyed
I've stopped my head are you sure yeah
you missed the guy the gun the gun is in
an unwieldy position yeah I am the mouse
and so I usually don't
I would you remind them well cuz I like
I never use that stuff yeah and I'm not
used to like using my thumb for stuff
like you are you're a thumb user and
nice the buttons are like on the top so
I'm like more of a yeah yeah thingy whoa
what the fuck was that
something oh the spotlight thing saw me
how about you settle down
the gun has a backstory to it and Jack
just can't stand that shit oh is that
true that's what you're saying
the gun has a backstory you guys who hit
the point where you just leave yeah oh
you should throw that at that guy again
go down there and check it out nope what
the fuck I was not anywhere near close
enough to him died right
that wasn't fall that was quite a fall
we should should have broken both your
fucking legs I rolled tucked and rolled
rich roll quick tip to every assassin
tuck and roll think we killed everyone
no I do not and never have sleep walked
at least not that I know I'm right in
this place yet yeah I think my my all
murder run is doing is going very well
yeah I'm feeling really good about it
it's too late jack is too into the
murder to stand up oh I know and I need
to I need to stand up I just want to
know what happens if you kill her
earlier there's no one to show up at the
boat you get a game over
oh I think I'm about done you think
you're about done what time we go oh
it's 10:10 I got I got family stuff
going on tomorrow oh that's true yeah
you know what we got we got three good
missions and lots of murder I feel I'm
feeling pretty happy yeah yeah I'm
feeling pretty happy about where where
we are I want to just get past this and
I'll get to the menu I'm okay with that
blood clots avoided now I should have
been standing up more regularly that's
my fault
it felt great playing this again really
I really enjoyed this game that's good
good I'm really I'm really digging it
seven of war dances rich and Jack do you
like spicy food and if so what is your
favorite spicy food dish sauce typically
no extremely mild jalapeno poppers
extremely mild let's as hot as I go this
is how does he go yeah I like spicy food
I dig it I had to explain feet I
regularly just put hot sauce and chin on
my shit yeah just just because I like
spicy food and late lately I've been
putting a lemma driving me nuts
oh yeah what is it called
Korean pepper No
lately I've been putting a very specific
spicy thing into my food because it's
supposed to be good for your circulation
you try to remember what it's called
though it's called it's like a sea spicy
Ashish spicy and like you put it into
sriracha is great it's not sriracha it's
a fuck I'm looking at you chat you
always think of the thing it's like red
it's like cayenne pepper thank you thank
you jur Kayne pepper Kayne pepper
cayenne pepper is supposed to be really
good for your circulation it's very
spicy but I put it in everything it's
great I love it having my with my eggs
in the morning I just enjoy spicy shit
and yes chat the final fantasy donation
does have to be one single 998 dollar
donation mostly because I don't want to
play final fantasy and that's a very
unreasonable number but to help I'm
gonna help sell it to you Chet I'm gonna
help sell to you because rich has
promised any final fantasy game of your
choosing and to full for our stream then
could it be two Final Fantasy games one
per stream or does it have this one
that's fine that's fun so you could you
could torture him twice or make him play
eight hours of Final Fantasy 15 which I
hear is terrible but obviously
ridiculous that's fine and that's fine
because ritual
you you have no you have no bargaining
power with this because rich really does
not want to play that I don't I don't oh
wait we need a because of the computer
crash we need the subs thing yet the
subs thing hold on
you can hey you guys if you want to pull
your money outside and then do we need a
one-time donation now I'm not playing to
completion that's at least 20 hours
probably right yeah I know way more so
what we do here we go like you like this
and subs
there we go okay sir I don't know we got
yeah all right all right we gotta have
other things here now we carry you go
back over here because that's where you
belong oh yes
oh yes thank you you come over here cuz
you've come over here that's where you
belong we're getting there hold on
all right this is the point in the
stream in which we thank all the people
who came out and subscribe to us during
the stream much like electric
grasshopper who just subscribed using a
twitch prime jerath Garros says longtime
viewer and now eventually longtime
subscriber thanks to Amazon Amazon
Amazon and his own would be weird as
correct welcome to the Amazon keep up
the good work
yeah all which way should I go now
the junior the j-rod V so I'm gonna say
that lemon the mines little mines the
mines Jimmy up the jams 22 fucking
months in a row Steve the ghost says
mega punch sup done Buckwald goat nuke
miss Mecca 0 may - I'll ask 1984 18
months in a row that's my life has been
so much more complete in the past month
Jodie cricket prick bastard says so we
had the 7th guest now who will be the
ninth justice thanks rich yeah blow your
butt Dostoevsky hooray I'm famous for a
second anyway thanks for the
entertainment how about some sunless sea
in the future its kind of made for your
stream fun FTL mechanics and discovery
I've heard good things about sunless sea
yes that is on my list lots of
opportunities for weird voices ok I love
it I love it
well make it happen dimitri p i bins ice
to zero zero oh my god half a year
that's almost as long as six months wet
was 26 months in a row fucking months in
a row even sinan sinnerman hello to my
other favorite gremlin commentary aired
everyone's
and Sunday I looked over in a lost my
spot because movie Oh bother
nineteen months in a row I was going to
say exactly what cinnamon said but he
plagiarized it damn sarcasm no we MN
says I have aliens in my backyard creep
mobile 21 fucking months in a row says
she okay jahmai 73 gruff Macmillan Terry
holy shit just one more month before I
joined the 12-month subscriber club at
last something good happened in 2016
Jimmy was moon what give us okay give us
moon fifteen months in a row Lord wet
two months of thanking you guys for the
years of entertainment keep it up thank
you thank you
insulin what okay insulin King 2016 okay
for I wonder I looked at it for a second
I thought insulin King I know I read
that earlier I know that's not right
Ches eighty seven twenty four fucking
months in a row two years of what the
fuck we should have really made the two
years of twenty four of the two year
anniversary I think we jumped the gun
with the twenty thing we're gonna keep
doing it I was going intends you know I
will the first freshman was twelve
that's when we read it it's twelve it's
a year
oh I suppose you're right listen yeah
that's my fault
I jumped the gun okay that's fine
yours yours number leases moist clam lol
fuck my clams alright Ryan from MI says
hello ghost my goblins
yo qui sky dandy twenty six fucking
months in a row
pineapple Yeti honey snuggle 17 months
in a row says what you're shaking your
head so again
huggy snuggle Oh fine fine
I need my ice Jack I think it's going on
Huggies normal 17 months a neurosis
cuddles Duke fizzle beef and it's two
more the office Ridge says it is written
that it is my destiny to subscribe for
12 months you are the chosen ones rich
in Jack if your destiny you can do it
you have to you've got something to live
for
dag Hesh thank you for subscribing we
really appreciated it's true we really
do we really really do anymore anymore
Tippy's come in No
