Totally Not Organ Trail (Part 2)
May 1, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IZNLvuAkwEc

I know rich but through a series of
event of clicking events here I may have
a zombie vaccine huh do I use the
vaccine or deliver the vaccine to the
proper authorities
where's take it with you okay great I
should probably get rid of this
bobblehead where was where was the
ticket with you for when you find out
that your son has been bitten well this
just takes it with me okay and I can use
it at any time okay that's the
interesting turtle the Y says rich do
you recommend any good turn-based
strategy game I can get on Steam that's
common that Wild West game have been
played to death um not off the top of my
head not on the top of my head I know
other people will recommend things I've
heard a lot of people say Shadowrun is
good but I haven't gotten around to
trying that one yet so maybe she had a
run look into it and somebody in the
chat it scrolled up a while ago and I'm
gonna go look I don't remember who said
this was saying rich doesn't like a
moody doom he should play doom 64 doom
64 is good at being Moody and and being
true to dooms gameplay I I never said
doom couldn't be Moody I just said what
I'm saying is that fear and moodiness
should never supersede I'm kicking ass
there there are some core elements to
things that make that thing great yeah
and part of what makes doom great is I'm
kicking ass there's some moodiness sure
whatever said no moodiness but kicking
ass but when you think of doom you think
about yes that's that's the core of doom
your your completely isolated it all
alone in a Space Station very far away
from Earth nope but it doesn't supersede
you've got a fucking shotgun and you're
gonna take care of business
yes if you want to add some moodiness
and some atmosphere on top of that
that's fine also turtle wise it's not
quite like XCOM but it is turn-based and
it is tactical invisible ink invisible
ink
focuses on stealth though imagine X come
done as a stealth again it's it's good
if you're looking for something XCOM
esque it's it's it's it's definitely not
the same kind of tactics that they have
an X come but that's a good suggestion
yeah that's really good I think it's a
good suggestion looking at look into
invisible ink
Oh
yes ninja Jarrod invisible ink is a very
clever name
very clever game name very clever name
oh yeah in like like disappearing ink
invisible ink stealth game invisible
incorporated yeah that's great
the riddle of Steel says what about
event horizon tensions warp-speed
through hell and demons
how would Picard react to an event
horizon situation
what about Kirk what about Wesley
Crusher hint he dies the riddle of steel
is just desperate to have his talk about
something else and sometimes these
things need to happen organic how would
how would Picard handle event horizon
he'd probably die
maybe data could figure a way out of it
you had to use that data crush crunch
that crush the movies thought it was a
crush mmm the way they were focusing on
the card in data but it's definitely a
crutch if I were a card I would say data
finding some way out of this mess with
your science brain and David would do it
I've talked about before how event
horizon is essentially ripping doom off
and I'm assuming that's why event
horizon came up we're talking on doom
hey I got a friend oh you oh you have an
ally finally got a friend great about
fucking time I'm really happy that I got
a friend I had to kill a couple guys to
get a friend but I got this is Sten you
cannot change character names that's
dumb
there's got to be a way we just don't
know what right click is that the
character tab there's that the inventory
tab character tab that's dumb no that's
really dumb I think so
good place to rest kind of need to rest
oh look now one person in your group can
rest while the other watches guard
all right let's keep on keepin on how
does the how does it over how combat
works I guess you haven't fought anybody
with the other guy yet uh crispy
Friedman I have not gotten anybody's
doom level so if not has not made its
way to me and I don't necessarily care
about doom crispy-fried men not Friedman
and so if you sent it to the prereq
email it's quite possible that I saw the
email and disregarded it because I don't
care about doom
I might have forwarded it on the rich I
might not have depends on where you sent
it
Tim salmon says rich Jack I'd love to
see you 2 plus J tackle the original
Resident Evil game this Halloween now
that would be an entertaining stream
horrible dialogue and shooting zombies
can't lose then we have a plan for
Halloween we're gonna do what for what
following this somebody's suggesting we
do with the original Resident Evil I
mean you know Halloween I have a
shit-ton whole board games and really
for all of October I would love to just
do that or you know like maybe every
Wednesday like I just have so many
horror board games that I'd love to play
mm-hmm mostly because they're pretty fun
but tired and sad says hey guys PayPal
sucks anywho how would you solve the
crisis with DC's films I would solve the
crisis by having a crisis and just
rebooting the whole thing immediately
hey I don't know I don't think we need
anything we need it what the DC though
yeah we've already got the Marvel
fucking Cinematic Universe I think we
need another superhero cinematic
universe I think it's it's so much
simpler than then people people are
thinking way too much about this you
know you don't need it well you know you
don't need an interconnected decent
universe 1 did you make a good Superman
you don't need an interconnected DC
Universe but all you really need is
someone who fucking cares about the
characters to make the movie mm-hm
that's it Kevin
say gee if I'm pronouncing his name
correctly the producer of the Marvel
Cinematic Universe now the head of
Marvel Studios is a super fanboys fanboy
and understands the characters well and
had a plan from the get-go he put it all
together
he put directors in place who would make
the movie that he saw yeah
you need someone like that on the DC
side who is willing to stand up for his
creative beliefs - Warner Brothers we
want to medal who want to fuck things up
then you need to give it to directors
who care about the fucking heroes
I saw a rumor yeah I saw a rumor on the
Internet and I cannot confirm nor deny
this that spider-man in Civil War has
more dialogue than Superman had in dawn
of justice I can see it I could see it
they didn't give a shit about Superman
cuz they put someone in charge of the
Superman movie who doesn't care about
Superman so all literally all you need
Kevin yeah Kevin page me that's what his
name's all you need is someone who gives
a shit about those characters and friend
they cannot find someone who will do
exactly what they want and give a shit
about the characters here's here's the
thing okay you know why in part
partially why the Marvel Cinematic
Universe works because Marvel has always
been the Marvel Universe marvel's thing
back in the day was strong continuity
characters who would frequently interact
with each other and spider-man could
find a Fantastic Four villain and vice
versa and these things were always super
linked and connected DC never gave a
shit about continuity to the point where
they they wipe it out every few years
because it's not working they never
really did quite get it right and the DC
Universe as a as an interconnected
universe never meant anything
and I'm sure there's a DC fans just you
forgiving I'm glad you enjoyed it in the
comics but the creator's did that's why
they keep rebooting it
that Vaes voices recently new viewer of
the stream here ever played the Mass
Effect series you know this person is
full of shit if so did you did you piss
you off as much as the rest of us you
guys are great fun rich Evans is a gift
to humanity keep it up I know you're
doing a bit I know it I know it and if
you're being sincere the chat can fill
you in
so otherwise says remember original
movies midnight special was super
original John J aw n jaunt I don't know
like a like a goofy spelling or this
Micah jwn and living - I don't know the
ending wasn't super but I appreciated it
as long as Michael Bay doesn't make it
I'm pretty cool okay poke Alex in the
ISIS ever wish you didn't make movie
reviews so you didn't have to see things
like Batman V Superman and you more
tired talking about DC or Star Wars I'm
more tired talking about Stein Wars Star
Wars but I've never been a seem that
people you need soldiers I've never been
a huge Star Wars guy when I was young I
what it was just the original movies I
love Star Wars just fine when it was
when it was a new hope Empire and Jedi
Star Wars was the tenth so they make TIE
fighter game that was great and then
they started coming out those novels
Jenna Jenna Jenna Jenna is that this
Jedi force force wank force waking all
over that force force all force Jedi
vampires Jedi witches for salamanders
and fuck it all the health there were
for Salomon and if Star Wars were just
the three movies and I guess the new
ones
I would love it as it is I don't like a
lot of things that people love about
Star Wars like I hate the force in the
Jedi lightsabers are okay buddy
completely impractical
give me spaceships give me space pirates
Han Solo's fucking amazing yeah Luke
Skywalker less so the real Vance's Jack
here's another horeb or game suggestion
fury of Dracula one person plays Dracula
okay whose moves and actions are secret
and everyone else plays hunters who run
around Europe looking for him the verb
Eliezer says hmm I said you guys VCR
clue 1983 would you play it I don't know
you know I'm assuming it's some kind of
a Visia of the we might be able to I'm
just trying to think of a technical
setup it would be hard to set up
yeah and if we're in astray of a board
game it's gonna be a board game I'm
interested in okay
oh you're interested we're interested in
okay somebody do something somebody
cares about rather than what is this
let's find out that could be fun maybe
science ad says rich would you say that
quick for was the best combination of
dark moodiness and action game playing
I'm not as hung up on the moodiness as
you are um yeah no I think 24 is great
except for the shitty ending III don't
even mind Doom 3 and that was fairly
moody
I like doom three I'm just saying doom
isn't primarily primarily is the key
word here Moody
rich do you have a favorite doom level
what were you shoot all the monsters
well you know what this this kind of
goes to the whole to the whole who what
would you do with DC Universe right okay
the there is a base that makes doom doom
like for example if they made a Super
Mario game that wasn't about jumping
around on shit obviously they made like
Paper Mario that was an RPG about the
characters they've made other like Mario
games but like a base Super Mario game
that wasn't about jumping around on shit
that wasn't a platformer something would
be incredibly wrong right doom
you go around in the shoot shit Superman
is a good guy who saves people yeah we
think we talked about this you know
we've talked about this several times
but it's like you just have to
understand what makes the base character
work get a director who understands get
a producer who understands and make it
happen don't try to go already
experimental bullshit on it don't go
minimalist Bryan Singer Superman
don't go nihilist Zack Snyder Superman
like ya have someone who understands the
fucking base of it
I like doing three Samia chat say even
though two three was more about scary
and less so about kicking ass it's not
my favorite doomed game and there was
enough kicking ass in there for me you
people in your it's got to be one
extreme or the other it's only it's only
a via only a or b only A or B
Tim salmon says and I think I think he's
trying to prove a point about me saying
I'm not as sick I'm talking about the DC
Universe I think it's just trying to
make a point
rich Jack by the way speaking of Warner
Brothers did you see the trailer for
Batman The Killing Joke what did you
think if so we saw that on Sunday Jack
thinks the animation looks terrible I
think it's fine
I think the animation looks really bad
and at the end of the day all I really
care about is hearing Mark Hamill and
Kevin Conroy performed The Killing Joke
yeah I know but a cartoon a comic book
it's half story and half performance and
part of that performance is the
animation or the drawing what looks bad
about it it looks like J it looks cheap
it looks like 1980s style comic book art
the art looks fine the animation okay G
the art is fine it's a little 1980s
comic book of art the animation looks
cheap as hell see I thought you're just
talking about the look you know it's not
my favorite like it you know I would
like a little more depth but I can
understand that they're making it look
like the comic book no just like the way
characters moved it looked incredibly
cheap
throw the wisest John plural John's
slang chiefly Philadelphia something any
object place or thing sorry it slips
when I talk did you hear a new dread may
come out that would be badass hmm it
just means anything basically um I will
read these later I need to make my leave
for a bit I'll be back
nothing is happening
yeah rich is just leaving nothing weird
is happening just me playing the zombie
game by myself
everything's gonna be fine
here we go
John is it is like a thing I've just
never heard John before like a jump
you read me
all right hey we got another teammates
this is great except we the only bad
thing is that
we're gonna run out of food we're gonna
run out of food real fast
yeah the the choices I agree the that's
BAE boy like it's it seems like the
choices are not well or the way they
were the choices aren't very well
thought-out like I just wanted to ask
the sheriff about him and then all of a
sudden like I have to free him I didn't
need to take him on my journey but like
I could have asked the sheriff about him
and then decided if I wanted to free him
that would have been nice it would have
been nice to have a little more some
more choices okay what can we give
elegant here we'll give him a crowbar in
the crowbar
you can that's why Hand Grenade it's
nice to have another person who just a
carry shit we need to find
well it's a good liar Kanak shotgun
expert oh I should give him the shotgun
laughing really
he's a shotgun specialist not garish and
Stan's got that baseball bat it's pretty
good what is Stan
yeah it's a good liar that's come up
before we've had to like convince
someone of something so that'll be
interesting all right let's uh let's
head out
if I ever played the original killer
instinct arcade if not then I highly
recommend you check it out
I don't know I there was that there was
a time I played a lot of arcade games
but I don't know
hi I'm Jai's kidney he does have the
targa name I think I gave him a target
right oh yeah yeah I give it a try Henry
okay keep on keepin on we're loggin
they've been there but a broken earpiece
piercing beeps can be heard going off
within a few seconds of each other car
alarm is going off not too far from here
a figure can be seen inside with several
infected beating and pounding on the
village
no just the bottom it was a biter
one damn biters yeah moving closer to
Chloe we got out we got to move on cuz
we're gonna we're just gonna straight-up
run out of food and we need a city
someone is going to die of hunger
oh hey we've been in this one before
aside with Eric
all right
ah we did good I guess
Eliott stay awake guard the situation
we're gonna have people die of hunger
yeah I know I know we need food
we need food yeah I know you're hungry I
see that you're hungry I see that you're
fatigued hungry and fatigued as soon as
you pass through who cares hey you sure
food eat eat eat eat eat fuck yeah
fuck yeah eat eat Oh Stan I wanted you
to rest too
oh well then there doesn't matter we got
some food we got some fucking food good
okay great everything's great
what I know we need rich I need we need
someone to talk to you guys while
playing is that the zombie knows that is
the zombie noise
a few weeks ago I saw a movie on demand
called the virtual assassin afterwards I
thought it seriously needed to be the
best of the worst contender sent yes
obviously send us a copy virtual
assassin sounds great sounds
nicely done I'd say to myself ah loads
it up rest here migrate stay awake
we go here we go okay that seemed to
work out great nope
I got no extra food keep moving we are
getting closer and closer to Khloe's
house we need food so bad
travel
a wild dog if you here's you approaching
them begins to growl and bark it seems
to be injured badly I notice is the
ass Beckett
well way-hey
but you put that shotgun away sonny jim
a develops pistol bullets
cut me some pistol blitz
mr. blips
he
wait
great everything is great we're doing
great against the zombie apocalypse I
feel like we're doing great
okay
you know we have a hunger and fatigue
situation
are you just gonna die Elliot's dead
sorry Elliot I'm gonna need that shotgun
just you know
a few weapons we got you know take that
crowbar back you could hold onto that
blanket
you can hold under the blanket
hide everybody rests
everybody rests
get a little shut-eye
gansan away my hunger pains chef filling
the feet my stomach don't hurt kind of
like Jesus but not in a sacrilegious
we have a hunger situation yep I do have
two team members now though that's my
hungers the situation yep there is a
Gordon question is there ever a time you
want to validate a fans opinion or is it
better to stay neutral as so not to
offend anyone
regards to what anything have you have
you guys ever listened to us we are not
neutral about anything
we are never neutral if it's a fan
opinion on the thing you're completely
welcome to counter it with your personal
opinion of calm the thing at any time of
course of course and if they can't deal
with the fact that you have a different
opinion on the Captain America movie
they have issues now it might be
different if you're talking about like
politics or something but sure fan stuff
say whatever the fuck you want right
yeah like I try not we you know we try
not to be like super political because
we know that's like a personal thing and
we're not necessarily qualified like we
can talk about our opinions but we try
to stay away from it just because like
yeah this is an entertaining Channel
we're not here to talk about politics
we're not here livestream politics I'm
trying the that Chloe's apartment and
I'm trying to diplomatic approach oh
just because we've never done it before
by the way but we caught up here
No you've read any of these no I've been
playing okay that's fine I just want to
know so I know what to read I've been
playing the blue blaze says hey rich
since you don't like the forest and Star
Wars
have you tried Star Wars The Old
Republic it's by our MMO where four to
eight people 8:48 playable classes and
their stories don't use the Force well I
don't like mmo's either so no hum tardy
since I'd like to recommend game called
mount and blade warband great first read
stream it drops you in medieval times as
a nobody and you can do whatever no
story at all you can rise up or just
roam hmm sounds neat Zac's cabin is on
the third map have you ever noticed that
I wonder if it's random every time
fucking hell what do you want what do
you want I need food I don't want I need
because the Greg's gonna die
Gregg is just gonna die there's nothing
I can do to come to kill hate to help
him grocery store fuck
and you're only given at the short
wonder huh you only give it at the short
amount of time huh I didn't get noticed
and that's all I was only two people get
to eat yep
well you know what fuck you Greg you're
the least healthy you're not gonna wait
wait wait wait wait wait does Greg need
to make it he seems like a main
character to me you can you can you can
learn something by not feeding right you
see what happens but I have a feeling if
Greg dies it's over I'm gonna learn
something oh I'm gonna learn something
all right because you know this is me
just if you're not saying if Greg dies
you loose its Chad sure about that I
don't know for sure I'm just reading
what I see okay well we're about to find
out
what kind of name is Greg anyway a name
you can't pick bizarrely yeah that's
just your normal name oh shit I thought
I thought Elliott was gonna die so I
took all this stuff away from him like I
can't imagine there's an elaborate
cutscene where somebody calls him by
name we should be able to change that
so this game was made by the FTL guys
right another was made by them that was
inspired by it
yeah I don't believe it was made by the
yes they may know how to vote damn funky
Elliott
god damn honky no this one
bizarrely like you picked your name rich
it's a video game doesn't a human child
have the FTL guys then anything else not
to my knowledge
I know they've resisted the idea of
doing an FTL sequel yeah that's what
I've heard I guess I can see that
got a bandage Oh Gregor to use a bandage
I'll tell you that bandage good we kept
the keys
depended pick up the keys Gregg pick up
the bandage used bandage
and we'll keep them keys may need em
keys
fucking
I know everybody's hungry
Dawkins wait
that is great and everything
votes
am i this new Indian game worth 15 bucks
or little I've played I would say no
Greg said Jim I did did it so I've been
seeing it yeah I saw that
someone said they've been seeing my face
plastered all over a Hamburg what's with
that they it is true Hamburg look at
look at this someone that someone
emailed me us me us and like the German
city huh the German city yeah and
apparently there are these pictures of
this person well thank you sure that you
that I mean it's it could be a lot of
people there in cartoons
there are a lot of bald people with
glasses yeah but it's very strange
jumping to conclusions if say that's you
some jumping to a lot of conclusions
like i'm bogum and so the journey ends
rich and so the journey and no shit no
shit yeah I I wasn't thinking as far as
the whole is if Greg guy's everything
dies sure
no I because you know what an FTL you
could lose your captain and someone
takes up the mantle
Thank You Catherine now this is more
like your ship them you can lose your
ship before everybody on the ship dies
yeah what I just didn't know yeah
sometimes you gotta fail yeah I'm not
I'm not necessarily sure this is um I'm
not sure this is worth the money is this
out it or is this was this aggro is this
a beta I have no idea you bought it oh
you said there's requests for it I just
wanted the page and I put him in basket
and I bought it I didn't pay much
attention to the details because we were
gonna do it tonight because we got
requests and tired and sad I I read the
last tip of yours that I see I'm on
about quick form being the best
combination of dark moodiness and action
gameplay I said I don't really care
about the moon is that lunch but that's
an action gameplay let's write a last
first-person shooter I really loved
except for the horrible ending okay this
is actually I like I like Blood Dragon
Park red blood red okay I was just
checking to see if this was in a
pre-release yeah
greenlight or whatever they call it what
do they call it early access this is not
an early access this is a done game and
no you know it's it's a lot like like
even even convoy after a few runs of
convoy I
but it just wasn't it just wasn't FTL
and you know
that's uh it's tough not bad it's really
interesting this yeah and I think I
think if you want something that's like
FTL convoy is a better bet when I said
when the mic was a mile away was the
combat doesnt look that interesting in
this okay and it's you know it's not oh
there's a look at it's the credits there
should be a Greg zombie it should
totally be a Greg zombie walking around
oh not the credits the dead bodies
that's fine you know invest in convoys
that had a little more fun the combat
was a little more interesting but the
Mad Max II combat was a little more fun
mm-hmm I I definitely played convoy
after that stream a little bit I will
not be playing this
after this
so what does what does FTL have that
these other games don't says I ate
Donuts combat is a big part of it each
each individual battle feels more
intense this is more worth you know what
each of each matter gives you prizes I
think it surprises is there anything
more exciting than finding a new piece
of equipment right a new weapon what
does this do
I've got a weird laser properties it's
unlike the other weapons you have this
needs more try need more treasures you
need rewards more more character kind of
building necessarily you know but I mean
FTL Indy ships getting all this shit and
and do it yeah yeah you're choosing to
invest in your engines you you kind of
it was a new mold every time that you
added a new Lego piece to your thing
this doesn't have that crypt of the
necrodancer you've always find new shit
yeah and you're growing more powerful
when you're getting new different type
of abilities mining of Isaac's got weird
things that make your bullets spin
around you Gore get some new weird
artifact that does that of course just
the mystery of what new shit and what
new thing will I find adds a ton this we
found abandoned new tentacle
yep that functions exactly and it didn't
like change anything on screen it's it
too much and obviously we're very early
in the game yeah yeah
but there the reward of the there
doesn't seem to be those rewards the the
discovery the rewards of discovery
basically everything is done better
enough till it's true and you know FTL
was unique FTL does need a a viable
pacifist option because that would be
that would be beautiful making nice and
not blowing things up you don't get
scrapped and you get fucked in the end
game you know the other the flaw in FTL
is that in order to actually beat it you
need to play it like you a real fucking
bastard a heartless bastard
yep that's the flop yep I agree letting
letting people live needs to have a
payoff but I'll take that over this oh
yeah you know it's cute and you know I
like I just I just think that maybe they
don't quite understand the things that
made FTL great
the riddle still says if bethesda works
on quake everything will get simplified
and dumber until it's terrible what
makes the original quake work is that
it's simple and dumb insert nail gun
into enemy's towns head I totally agree
the animation for The Killing Joke
honestly looks more like an animatic
concept art and not finished it looks
like it looks like it's five frames a
second it does not look like quality
animation a great gig says you have to
play FTL as a Janeway RPG oh sure I'll
befriend you but fuck that guy I'll
destroy everything to make my mission
wise everything will die the you know
what I like I think the animation looks
like those how it should have ended or
CollegeHumor animations where it's like
clearly you know done for a quick
internet video there it does not look
like professional quality animation it
might
it might be different when the final
product is out these are just the
trailers but right now I'm not sold on
the animation and I need that I needed
to look good I need good art in my comic
books what's going on what's going on in
general oh you know if we want to make
it the solid four hours we got another
half hour okay or we could call it it's
your call
maybe one more room one more I'm gonna
I'm gonna refill my beverage it scrolled
up a while ago but I I do not think the
atmosphere is what made quake quake
these somebody's saying the atmosphere
made quake quake and Jack says to fuck
right off and oh man I I kind of want to
agree with them I don't want to say it
quite so harshly but no fast action the
it'd games were all about fast-paced
action there may have been some mood
some atmosphere in there but it was
secondary to fast-paced action I think I
think
carmack had a quote where all you need
they get with do them all you need is a
demons in a shotgun
that's doom I'm gonna look up that dim
the dim John Carmack quote that's doom
demons in a shotgun yep yep the shooter
you know you're doing a shooter you
shoot the things but if you're playing
it in game and you're saying the mood is
the most important thing you're doing it
wrong if your game play like you want
but you're doing it wrong no and you
know again to reiterate an earlier to
reiterate an earlier point rich made
like if you want to take the core
concept of being that kind of intense
shooter and then add that's better
that's just let me theme on it that's
that's ice that's fine that's yeah but
it's icing that's icing but you need the
foundation you need the cake foundation
murder okay
so how did your you're talking to that
guy in Chloe's place work out what does
that get you nothing nothing
it got me nothing I you know there were
there were a couple new options I could
have given him my flashlight and he
could have gone away but because we knew
that his shotgun was broken and he said
fuck it he tried to shoot me and he
didn't shoot me and he left so maybe
we'll run into him later
all right movement is really important
in first-person shooter games for me
this is why quake is so much more fun to
play than say Unreal Tournament which
feels slow and clunky
I've never played Unreal Tournament but
yeah it's it's got a it's got to be
precise Gabby what's right here how we
glitched
very glitched by clicking it how easy is
it your mouse
we might be glitched oh there we go you
might be glitched quit
we're glitched we're glitched yay
what's Jetson now they're now they're
yelling about Unreal Tournament now I've
never played Unreal Tournament I haven't
either
I cannot I cannot attest to to his
attributes what I can say is that if you
know your first-person shooter needs to
feel smooth needs to feel responsive
they're saying a glitched new game
hallelujah nuegaike worship the glue Oh
No look what people this is it
this is all you're getting sometimes you
know but it was the right thing to do
it's a zombie apocalypse you don't go up
searching random corpses but what if
it's not a corpse you don't throw a rock
at it you poke at it with a stick oh you
idiot Greg oh we restarted I don't know
how that happened his space cop worth
the effort do you mean to watch it or do
you mean was it worth the effort to make
both are fine questions I think it's
worth the effort to watch it as I think
it's pretty funny but it's a very
specific sense of humor if you find the
things that Mike James rich make to be
funny you will probably enjoy it if say
you're the kind of person that doesn't
like the the skits before and after half
in the bag you might not like it
hey what I didn't get her to come
the $25 effort you know that's up to you
I
I'm incredibly biased okay so by the way
ya find town as early as possible is the
these are these have been two incredibly
good scavenges that you've had here chat
saying our tips are messed up are they I
just read you I see are they're not
tipping
oh I didn't know that demo was out yes
neo and IOH is going to be on there's a
ps4 game made by the ninja gayden tape
opinion day oh that is oh wait the same
guys not there anymore so we could just
rip but it's samurai Dark Souls it's
gonna play a lot like Dark Soul fog horn
but in a samurai and I am a hundred
percent down with that yes I will be we
will be playing that I don't know if I I
don't like demos like I don't like I
want to wait until something is finished
I don't want to play something and then
have someone say oh no but we're gonna
fix this later and then we're going to
look at the tweak settings here and and
the art is temporary and the music is
from from I stock audio so you're gonna
hear the arts talk audio every five
minutes but uh so it's it's one of those
things where I'm waiting until the game
is out
I like finished product I've tried Neil
so far so good it's exactly what it
sounds like it's hard as balls great
that gets me very excited if our tips
are messed up I'm very very sorry our
tip thing is on
we're here or logged in
if your tips aren't coming through I'm
very very sorry just don't tip right now
then I guess you're doing the cheese
ball did one of them say die or am i
hearing
never tried a party game called fiasco I
have never done - no I got an invalid
PayPal response it then yeah PayPal
could be down that happens good night
colonel rich mustard have a good night
nikka tar zone
yep
he's like the only problem is you're
fatiguing yourself man
take a nap yeah do i preorder no no
that's the point there's never a good
reason to preorder no like I could see I
could see if like you're a super fan of
something you know like for example Dark
Souls like you played all the Dark Souls
you definitely gonna buy Dark Souls 3
and if you preorder it you get like a
little tchotchke or something okay then
maybe but you can always find those
tchotchkes later on eBay and no I
usually do not pre-order like when when
I got Arkham Knight for the review I
discovered that if you pre-ordered it
after Game Stop you've got those those
dumb Red Hood levels here so yeah went
there the day before I had pre-ordered
you know it wasn't that big a deal but
it's like extra extra content I guess
I'll preorder
Jack you should reconsider trying
streaming me oh there's a decent chance
they will change the game a lot based on
polar feedback and publisher pressure to
make it easier for a wider market might
be your only chance to try this version
oh okay well then maybe we will yeah
just abort
you are sleepy rich
you know I think there's a game you plan
on picking up I don't see why you
wouldn't pre-order in case the game that
comes out as a broken mess or some other
unforeseen issue especially nowadays
when publishers are shipping broken
games pre-orders have kind of led into
this like day one download bullshit
where they're actually a month away from
finishing the game and they still ship
it and I just plan on patching it later
but you're already paying them money and
then you just have this this this this
coaster sitting unplayable for a month
while you pre-ordered it I had a issue i
pre-ordered No More Heroes to a while
back okay and I usually don't pre-order
game but it was a it wasn't a larger
store it was a smaller chain a smart I
support a little guy huh and they the
game came out I didn't get a call from
him which I thought was odd well I went
over to go over there and pick up the
game yeah oh they didn't have it the
game stopped down the street they had
plenty of copies place i pre-ordered it
didn't bother to order a copy what's
going on yeah it'll be a couple weeks a
couple weeks I've pre-ordered the game
so I would get the game on the day the
game came out yeah I had to fight with
them to get my pre-order money back
never preorder a game no no for
pre-ordering a game made sense when
games were only physical and stores had
limited supplies that but of course back
then
people usually shipped playable games
generally the rule but with digital
distribution
there is no good reason to pre-order
gaming unless like I said it's that very
rare occasion when it's a company you
know makes quality stuff and maybe you
can get a special tchotchke but even
then wait until the game comes out and
get the tchotchke and eBay usually the
pre-order bonuses are not worth it oh I
ran into this one before would you like
to know what I do
what did you do I asked to the sheriff
what happened you can talk to the
sheriff and the sheriff says yeah go
ahead and take him I don't care about
him and you can free him and then he'll
have to join your party but I did talk
to the sheriff first I don't know
what'll happen if you cut him or you
know you can get Elliott in your party
he's a good liar and a shotgun
specialist or he was when I got him
let's find out if the same thing happens
beat me outside
all right yep great no now look at his
stats go to manage group there's
character yeah okay by the way so
everything set is the same with him
which is fine wait for a randomization
part part of the fun of FTL of binding
of issac of all those games is that
lottery system right like you know oh
this might happen I know I have a good
chance of this happening but that
lottery system
also right now Elliott does not have any
equipment this one that's one sandy
give him a shoe we can hit the zombies
with his shoe Kenny wouldn't it be great
would that be great we're checking out
maybe funny maybe funny if that happened
INRI yes Ivan puffin rebirth I have
unlocked the lost I have not won as the
lost as I've just had to move on to
other games unfortunately so I actually
have not played by any wise again quite
a long time pick that up again I should
pick that up again but I do have the
lost unlocked I look for a way inside
and break the door down probably look
for a way inside right
what does the chat one
here's here's one or two like a problem
that we've been running into with the
way that they were there things in the
way that their trees work is there's no
going back around right so you would
think in a situation like that you could
look for a way around and if you
couldn't find a good one then bust it
down right but they won't give you the
option to bust it down later alright one
is winning 100k you did it but I'm
inside that's your only option and get
stuck in and barns gonna be I'm sure but
that's your mapping six rotting corpses
are piled together with dried blood and
brain matter sprayed all over the floor
it occurs to you that something tragic
happened here but it's clearly far too
late for you to inter oh I'll take all
this shit shit yeah boom a cell phone
earpiece oh and a crowbar you can give
that to Elliott yeah yeah I put it over
there and I'll click on Elliott
I don't go back to in and talk yeah sure
boom boom boom no no I wanted to eat
that oh yeah you have to you know one or
the other or both we can have both in
two
all that juicy shag
we gonna do with all this juicy Shack
we're gonna really need it
late in is this dream just three hours
of rich squinting at the screen
scratchiest
gin actually haha you missed so good
what was it 40 minutes of done well so
there was a lot of Don Wilson and I'm
actually not kidding there was a lot of
Don Wilson I had a weird Southern Creole
voice or it was wacky at the beginning
and this game kind of beat us down and
some nerdy guy as a nerdy guy yep
face face shop really folks yep yep it
was great and yeah
it's just can I tell him do it okay yeah
oh so yeah you can click on them
individual and they can individually
back that they might be able to both
attack the same zombie
you know what there's enough there's
another app oh there's another aspect of
FTL that we're missing month
the been print the soundtrack the
soundtrack to FTL I frequently play with
the music off just so I can listen to
like podcast or something
you are fucking insane never really
podcast like YouTube videos that are
basically podcast the soundtrack to FTL
yeah that's good is phenomenal prefer to
listen to people talk about interesting
things now that not that listening to
the FTL soundtrack is a bad choice this
guy who am I gonna do with a rope ah
don't know I'd rather watch a
documentary about black holes at least
listened to but then you know I do I
handle just fine don't tell me what
subject don't you dare judge me I'm
judging you I'll judge you all I want I
don't have to care but I'll judge you
oh my god Ernst the garden says I just
muted FTL music to watch this
so you think we should leave him alive
huh
you think we should leave my wife that's
what I did it does I don't think it
matters well here try the diplomatic
approach maybe he joins us Oh Jesse
see what happens why not
okay
yep we just have you just lost the
flashlight that's fine I don't care
it's all fine I'll fine you know what
what we'll find another one at this city
type location
yeah and see by the way so like the back
to randomization like here we know that
we can either shoot him or tell me to go
fuck himself and like we know the exact
same thing will happen every single time
yep that takes that takes a lot of the
fun out of it a lot of the lottery out
of it there's a lottery element to every
aspect of FTL no we shouldn't have shot
the guy cuz that would waste a bullet
he'll try to shoot us and his shotgun
will backfire and then he'll leave and
we'll still get to do all the stuff we
did and we won't work waste of all I
agree the FTL soundtrack is amazing I
don't know if it's the best thing ever
as there is the that as there is all of
Chris Chris to do lose soundtracks which
I listen to constantly risk of rain
deadbolt the see will claim us all
xenomorph all of his sound packs are the
best everything ever FTL is pretty good
a hundred and eighty one minutes long
the official running time of the r-rated
cut of danke Wow 180 minutes we're good
it's a lot of minutes
deadbolt wedlock
you know what the I don't I don't much
care for the shovel knight' soundtrack
outside of Sheldon I'm like I would be I
would never listen to that soundtrack
just while driving around because it's
meant you know that's it's pixel
180 minutes is a lot of vaginas that's
right that's right the the extensive Lex
Luthor backstory surrounded by by
flapping vaginas is going to be amazing
that they had two cuts with a pg-13
rating the soundtrack to the original
killer instinct is amazing
Batman kills people after raping them
any good recent movie suggestions rich
blind fury was amazing like like movies
that came out recently like I haven't
watched many movies lately
I recommend the unbreakable Kimmy
Schmidt there you go there's my
recommendation I double that
recommendation season 2 is right out
fresh out on Netflix an amazingly funny
show the unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt if
you have not seen it you should see it
Oh also I don't know if you heard the
news what we are getting a punishing
show oh wow I'm not shocked at all that
incredibly popular part of a popular
show that's the most obvious thing they
could have done but they announced it
and that's nice it's gonna be great well
I you know what actually it could really
say we don't know we don't know anything
about it we don't know whose show
running it we don't know who's writing
it it could be terrible
I'd be shocked if they didn't do that Oh
m'god as long if he's the Punisher again
John Baron thought or whatever his name
is John Barrymore that's that's a step
in the right direction if we can get a
decent showrunner on it
yeah Kung Pao is not a great movie have
you seen if you're into I don't know if
this is anything like blind fury but
have you guys seen Kung Fu Hustle
have you seen Kung Fu Hustle yeah have
you seen Shaolin Soccer no thank you -
yeah you should you should seek comfort
awesome Kung Fu Hustle is a is a really
fun movie
yes it kind of manure of old kung fu
movies starring the main character is
kind of a fuckwit and it's great
yeah Kung Fu Hustle is damn good Stephen
Chow thank you that's what his name is
he kind of mixes comedy and action very
well Shaolin Soccer is just all about
people who play soccer but it's like got
the superpower of moves in it but Kung
Fu Hustle is a really really good
well you know Kung Fu Hustle is a good
kung-fu comedy movie and tong powers of
bad kungfu comedy movie which is live
there you know
Kung Pao was steve-o deep area the guy
who did the thumb movies do you see the
thumb movies we got putting all faces on
his thumbs and they parody movies like
you give thumb wars that was yeah I've
seen most of them some of them are quite
funny lots of bullets for guns I don't
have the blare thumb the blare thumb I
have officially lost all interest in
this the thumb movies have you've not
seen the thumb movies no I have not seen
something that I have not seen something
that sounds ridiculous ridiculous lease
- he's the lessor Odenkirk who but he
makes these movies with thumbs and
they're there they're kind of bad
satires but they're also kind of I'm so
embarrassed for him I've seen most of
them the Blair thumb project has
on the DVD has a commentary track but it
has a same commentary track and an
insane commentary track and the insane
commentary track but for the entirety of
the movie is just all of the people who
did the commentary going like this blog
blogger for the entirety of the
commentary that's it I just killed the
man who was caught in a bear trap
that was the fumbles
Odenkirk is the best at making terrible
comedies he really is he's responsible
for the second Ace Ventura movie then he
made all the thumb movies and then he
made Kung Pao which is just not as good
if not as good
what are you watching you are watching
what is this game even called I forgot
March of the living March you're
watching March of the living which is a
zombie themed FTL like game and what you
will be watching next is us thanking all
of our subscribers and going home and
going to bed yeah
Tony Powell had some really good ideas
that the main premise behind Kung Pao is
reusing a lot of old footage from old
kung fu movies and REE dubbing them to
say funny things yeah but it just
doesn't work does not work
yes Steve Odenkirk the lesser of the
Odenkirk
linear regression link to the past if
you have to choose one game to play
Super Metroid or Link to the Past
you should play a Link to the Past Super
Metroid is great and you should play
that next but if you're gonna choose
only between those two which would you
agree with this I indeed what's going on
you have to choose you should play right
now Super Metroid or Link to the Past
length passed me through that's
absolutely every time
Steve Oedekerk Bob Odenkirk really what
a weird hmm portable radio can you
listen to it when peppy fine doesn't say
use so I'm going to say no right give me
some more options
Super Metroid is the best nest game a
Link to the Past is probably second but
you know they're very different games is
the real thing and they are each kind of
the best of their fields
you should play both but if you are if
you're asking which you should play
first
the answer is Link to the Past
I have getting really lucky here yeah
yeah rich have you played any minecraft
no I have played approximately 20
minutes of Minecraft yeah yeah I can
absolutely see why it is incredibly
addictive you just build shit
it's Legos this digital Legos and you
know you could play the campaign mode or
whatever and you know you have to build
little forts and protect yourself from
the zombies it makes perfect sense which
is why I'm not playing it because I
probably would get a little addicted all
right yeah I know fruit pie we're still
playing it we're still playing at second
but just to see your own suck it we're
playing it because we're playing we'll
play it up
huh I see a lot of people talking about
dogs closely I have some very strong
opinions about that country but I want
to wait till I talk about him until rich
plays it someone which he may be able to
do it sooner
oh and now you shall join the ranks of
my minions oh oh I get it he wants to
turn you into a zombie yeah I just
thought he wanted you to join his gang
oh yeah I'll join your gang Oh jack
wouldn't you you see like what if you
came across a gang and they were like
join our gang or you're fuck there's
really absolutely I'm part of your gang
I'm helping you do whatever you want to
do well the gang is honest in that case
I'm I I will certainly not trash Dark
Souls 3 I like a lot of things about it
a lot a lot of things about that
well mr. glitch they didn't forget about
it who forgot about the what I'm about
to I'm about to these might be
considered mild Walking Dead spoilers so
if you have
mild mama so one of the characters
discovers a way to almost tame zombies
what she does is she cuts off their
hands so they can't call you and cuts
out all of their teeth so they can't
bite you and then what she does is she
kind of uses them as as guard dogs like
so she can walk around amongst other
zombies and if she doesn't make move too
quickly and she has her pet zombies with
her the other zombies won't attack yeah
why are they trying to ineffectively
attack her what do you mean even though
they don't have hands and moans why are
they trying to attack her because
because they can't maybe they've tried
and they just they cannot okay but they
still they still try to attack other
people no no they don't attack anyone
then how are they like guard dogs
because they walk with her and they
protect her from other zombies they
protected from other zombies how because
the others because I Assam bees have to
know you're a human to attack you right
they don't attack other zombies hmm and
so if she walks quietly with these two
zombies other zombies only see a group
of zombies and not heard it kind of
count maybe a camel flage is her is a
better way of putting this is no one
then what a couple zombies start eating
you you think the rest of the Horde
would just go away then I don't train it
does done that's what happens in movies
like after after you're done being eaten
they leave well and then while you're
still in the process of being eaten well
then they want to eat you and this is
this is the logic of the show rich
people catching the show and someone was
saying someone was saying like they just
they they happen to forget camouflage
yes you're right
so they happen to forget about this
little trick about like removing the
teeth and hands of zombies to render
them ineffective they did not forget
about this they discovered their
humanity because what they were trying
to do stop getting the rifle bullets why
do you keep giving me a rifle show so
many right I don't have a fucking rifle
oh the way this is shut this is a
shotgun I want shotgun souls yes shells
the point is the reason that they don't
do that anymore is to retain their
humanity they're no longer hiding
amongst the zombies yeah so they didn't
forget about that they chose a human
path
it's actually removing their lower jaw
and our and all of their arms well in
any case someone ever trying to gum you
after they couldn't come you they
probably give up do you think no they're
zombies
they never give up they're gonna stay
outside that door forever until they get
in yeah yeah no it's it's show logic
it's it's TV logic and that's fine
the point is they didn't forget about
the fact that they could tame the
zombies they discovered their humanity
on a flashlight and anxious
and it really doesn't matter because the
shows getting stale everyone knows the
show is getting stale everyone knows
except for AMC who's trying to milk as
much content as they can
the show is getting incredibly stale and
it's gonna teeter out for like three
more seasons
like just kill one you hit already
or you know fuck up and miss them twice
with a shotgun
yeah Janek what the down Wilson bet is
unfortunately over oh you thought your
kid on my order that's great
such a waste such a waste
I'm so sorry I didn't find a rusty rifle
is that
what does the rusty rifle do probably
functions much like a rifle I have all
those rifle bullets oh my god you're
throwing her a football Tim
it probably has like a higher percentage
to jam or something
it's jammy
searching for for two minutes the
Walking Dead is going to be the same
situation that mash was in most of the
actors and creators wanted to end in
latter seasons but the network wanted it
to stay yep yep this show that the
network didn't care about until it until
it came to to Netflix then everybody
found it and loved it so they threw all
their money at it
and they're not done with it yet
legend Longhorn this is FTL for zombies
though not nearly as good as FTL as
we've been discovering
but the idea is yes is FTL with zombies
right damn what am I gonna drop the
portable radio the nails that came cord
or any of that shit yeah you need a
health or what does Elliott have the
cell phone earpiece you know well you
need any of that
I don't know I don't know what I'm gonna
need I don't know what this shit does
wait what what is that saying someone
might be tempted to oh that's just yeah
flavor text flavor text Flavor Flav I'd
say drop the camcorder and maybe even
males oh also you could use the health
pack and then pick that stuff up again
know what if you still wanted to drive
nails in a hammer I have to imagine that
combo might come in handy like you could
you can floss off the miss we can border
so I'm holding on to those nails
goodnight el Auto dodging Tino have a
good night you would like to think that
you will hit a situation where it's like
we could we could sleep here in safety
tonight if only we had some nails and a
hammer yep I'm gonna guess that does not
happen jack any beer recommendations
many I don't know what's available in
your area if it's if it is available
it's a little pricey but uh
the sculpin ballast point sculpin is a
lovely beer it's a little pricey but
it's a lovely beer
if you're in the area get yourself
either a cop monster or an OG from MKE
brewing that's usually my beers of
choice pop monster and particular
we're actually you know what I just had
I just had a smash rail from lakefront
the same people that make spotted cows
smash out a really good summer
mr. glitch yes the peel box is way at
the bottom of the red letter media
homepage and you can send movies and
stuff through the vo box
rich did you get a VHS tape of monster
truck into the bruise yeah yes yes we
did thank you for sending
juicy Shack neat giveaway is coming up
tomorrow so soon it
did you just stop shooting hey
everything's fine oh man you have so
much food it shits like f till you can't
have too much fuel yeah yeah
all right Lord Belmont I'm sure plink
Ito will come back yeah as currently
there is a giant device in the studio it
takes up a lot of room so we better
fucking be Hewson it that's my two cents
at least didn't spend forty two dollars
building that for nothing
raids I want this
what's going on here exactly do you
think what do you think what see man's
side of the road struggling to open a
crate marked supplies no okay and your
approach he stops what he's doing in
waves to you
he requests your assistance opening the
crate explaining that it was dropped by
a helicopter to help the survivors and
promises to share the contents if you
give him a hand
open the crate draw your weapon and tell
the man to leave or might be a trap get
out of him I have done this one before
now so I will like yeah let me know oh
you want to spoil I I opened the crate
with him and he did share the supplies
yeah yeah you could you could probably
also try to shoot him and just get all
the supplies but if you open the crate
with him he's pretty happy and shares
the supplies with you don't it's got the
crowbar so you open the crate Elliot
oh it's so that was a random man that's
good yeah oh sure man you want me to
shit in the fucking head
Oh Elliott didn't get harmed right
wasting everybody's fucking time
she's the man
dip
yeah Oh an axe yes yes nice that's good
we'll take an axe
we've confirmed that the crowbar is
worse than the hammer rent yeah you
could drop the crowbar
and now you have an axe so that's all
you need
but
rich I I'm gonna I'm gonna estimate it
took you what 80 90 hours to build that
think it over they actually had to be
remade 100 it's hard to estimate because
it had to be remade once that's true
there's a whole story but I don't know I
don't know if I can get into it while
I'm playing the game the basics of it is
the original design was done by Mike and
it might not have been uh oh man you are
hungry in time it might not have been
the smartest design but you try it
anyway
well you fix the pins what if what is
wrong with the fucking pins oh fucking
everybody had an opinion about those
pins in the comments hey did the thing
go down and randomly choose a movie and
I guess they worked fuck you and your
pins I wonder how it should have been
done differently everyone's got a new
thing all depends with too far apart
over the fit pins or too close together
oh the puck was too bigger to fuck
really small rather wouldn't it be
easier to adjust the puck sighs wow we
were having trouble with a finding a
puck that wouldn't get stuck on a pin
not between the pins but on a pin I
don't know if it just wasn't slippery
enough for everything we got to grease
it up I tried spraying it all the pucks
we tried with a graphite cusp ring okay
the original plan was to use VHS reels
everything was measured out with it
being spools of VHS tape and I think the
spools were like three and a half inches
wide so I made the pins four four inches
between the pins okay which yeah and you
know like the biggest problem we were
having wasn't that it was getting stuck
in the pins it would actually like land
on a pin and then not go on either side
it would just land and stop directly on
top of a pin it was the weirdest thing
and so that that puck is actually one of
those little cap lights that's the one
we ended up using because that was the
one that didn't get stuck on things
there's a little tap like that you guys
spray painted black and that works great
ooh that would have been nice but if
each pin had a blinking light on it yeah
you do that shit but it would have been
nice
nice cool I didn't get anything out of
that but all right
you might have now it might be safe yeah
you know you might have delayed zombies
or whatnot
make the puck heavier everyone says it
it's it's too heavy it needs to be like
yeah oh by the way you we cannot make
the puck heavier heavier heavier puck
stick to the pins it needs to be like we
went through I mean how many pucks do
you think we went through on the day of
filming for and before that there were
there were at least a half a dozen
prototypes leave the believe the board
alone it works the Plinko board is
currently functional that's all that
matters
nice shootin fuck yeah one shot one kill
motherfucker
make the puck square that's that is a
suggestion we have not heard before
making the puck square yes who knows
yes that could work
probably fucking would it would probably
force it to Bella's to go off one side
either
will we ever see more adventures with
Sonny bonds well there is there is
another police quest game it's not out
of the question
we like it don't want to get this jerk
food you have a lot of food so what
happens it took away some fatigue
oh that's it I think so hardly worth
hardly worth it at all fat waste of my
time except you might be making it past
the first map rich didn't you do that no
no I didn't even get close
I barely I barely made it to Khloe's
house with both them I did a lot of
searching before close
captain cubone yes we did be pleased
positive loving that loving that rifle
they are getting there they're currently
going up on YouTube but you can watch
the the the old streams on Twitch and
actually if you watch the old streams on
Twitch you can watch them along with the
chant it replays all of the chat which
is very nice
so but the the YouTube videos are going
up currently except for one won't go up
tomorrow because the new pre rape is
going to move and but that's what's
currently going on I think we only have
one more of the new kits
not a hunting knife a hunting knife
hunting knife nice Oh see that's an
interesting comparisons nuke is this
game better or worse than organ trail
which you've played more or getting from
heaven a bit better yeah I'd have to
mull it over organ trills got a lot of
charm to it
uh-huh arrghh trill is definitely
definitely more trouble okay
somebody was dicking around with ammo
someone so was dicking around with ammo
and you can name people huge plus huge
naming people is a huge plus the combat
is actually better the Newport Oregon
Trail new prereq is tomorrow it really
is
I was checking on the upload right now
forget about it maybe working true that
was real easy to stop anywhere and and
and scavenge in Oregon Trail I liked the
whole taking care of the car yeah yeah
yeah I have to mull it over it had a lot
more pieces that I mean you know this is
obviously we only have four hours and
but I do this hunting knife what's the
what's the damage
only eight damage what is your - 10 - 10
okay it's a pretty quick attack on it
he's got the hammer and nails which I
guess I could ripple those so I'm still
waiting for that shit to come well
everyone needs a good gun and a good
mailing yeah so you could get rid of you
could swap the hammer you can keep on
you could keep the hammer and just swap
it for the knife they're not keeping the
nails - fuck it yeah just just give him
the night oh yeah wait wait stop
what who's keeping the hammer nails no
one are you dropping a boat and routable
alright it's taking up to inventory
spaces Moki the new prereq episode is a
little over 18 minutes there will be a
bonus little video also coming out later
tomorrow that is a fun little
conversation rich and I have about
piracy that doesn't fit with the regular
oh really really kind of chunk out I did
well it's like two and a half minutes
just our piracy back yeah but I thought
it was funny enough I was like I'll just
put it up as its own thing because it
doesn't totally fit in with with
with the video but I figure I'll put it
up as a something and then in the next
couple of days there'll be another thing
about that game so we're gonna get a lot
of contents out of this one game which
is great
this game was not made by the same
people as FTL it is just in this style
really tomorrow not fake tomorrow yes
really tomorrow
it was exporting as I came over here I
was checking on the upload it might not
have been uploading so I'll have to
re-upload it once I get back home to
YouTube but it will be as soon as
basically as soon as I make the
thumbnail which I have yet I usually
would make the thumbnail last so
tomorrow morning I will wake up make the
thumbnail and post the video live as
soon as as I can ooh a machete and as
nice
so really actually tomorrow the new
episode is going up and I'm like I said
later they'll be a little one-off video
about piracy which is fun need to get
rid of my old shotgun and whatnot the
shitty weapons oh yeah how often did you
to your opponent's screw up in some way
lately with media encoder usually I do
that through Adobe Media encoder and
lately the link between media encoder
and YouTube has been completely broken
which is really upsetting because I
really liked that workflow so lately
it's been screwing up every time yeah
yes
we have we've talked about piracy here
on the streams before I have a very hard
line approach and rich is a little more
flexible yeah I don't think stealing is
ever okay
ever ever I think it's foolish to think
you're gonna make everybody stop it's
not gonna happen that's fantasy world
but that doesn't make what they're doing
right now it doesn't look if they're
gonna do it you may as well you may as
well get them to do it with some sense
of ethics like if you really enjoy a
thing you pirated give give them money
give them money well it's like I did I
think there are there are proven ways to
combat it free downloadable demos easier
access to games lower prices like
they're sure yes yes yes there are all
ways to combat it within the system none
of them are a lack of any of those does
not make stealing okay
sometimes Jack you have to bend to
practicality no it's not like we're
talking or it's not like we're talking
about like ease of access of food or
medicine here these are these are
sometimes you have to bend just for
practicality practicality and ends up
all right we have to do this makes the
most sense you're not going to stop
everybody from pirating it's of never
going to hello of course not but they
shouldn't pirate okay what are you going
to do about that great mommy what are
you going to do about it
no nothing i I'm nothing I don't make
games there's nothing I can do about it
I already make free stuff on the
internet I already give it away for free
finally found a fucking barter Stan
I don't know what what kinds of things
what kinds of things should I keep
wrought wait raaah gust says online
piracy is not stealing jack facepalm
there you go its apps the fucking lutely
stealing if you're you're fighting
upstream you're here fun fighting
upstream straight upstream it
there's no semantics about this I'm just
making a copy you are stealing something
yes every copy is worth something even
rich who is ok with piracy understands
that it's stealing stop them stop them
yeah oh you know I give it away for free
we're doing this you could just watch
this for free make sure people know that
if they're pirating something made by
Schmucks with without working with a
budget like us but I'm not talking about
us I'm talking about like what was their
movie called the battery you don't know
that they were they were friends of Jay
Mike and I we went to the same
filmmaking and they made a movie called
the battery like a real real movie and I
know they they were pirated quite a bit
yeah
and you know they weren't a big studio
they didn't have a big release the movie
that I already made you know 300 million
dollars and every copy of that that was
pirated herded them so much more
fortunately than it would like a Sony
Pictures or you're pirating spider-man 3
Eve even with Sony Pictures there are
low level employees there there are
people working on the movie that are not
making a lot of money there are visual
effects artists who are constantly being
underpaid and overworked because you
know because of the system I'm not
saying pirates cause that I'm just
saying there is someone at every level
of filmmaking and if it's not ok because
they're little guys and then it's then
it's not ok if it's big guys you are you
are you are pirating like a underfunded
show on Adult Swim but
really like that show then but don't
fucking watch and then then then I'm
just saying I'm saying hey this is why
I'm saying this is the yet and make sure
people know the consequences yeah you
pirate that show you don't watch it to
give them the ratings and you don't buy
the DVD then the people who paid money
to get that show made don't see any
value and continue with the show gets
canceled of course of course there are
potential consequences to piracy yes
even if it's not legal consequences
they're not going to make the things you
like if they can't make money making the
things you like of course yeah that's a
real thing but slapping them in the
wrist
no it's stealing don't do it that's not
gonna do anything people are gonna care
about that well when I say it's stealing
it is no no but if you're telling them
that but rich of thing they know yes but
when I say that I assume that everyone
understands the consequences I don't
know I don't I think a lot of people
probably don't think that don't think it
through then your assholes think it
through people make this shit
well I'm sure there have been DMCA
claims through space guys I'm very sure
people who take things for free wouldn't
have bought it anyway though look if you
if you hired it and you wouldn't have
bought it anyway but you ended up really
liking it honestly don't you think they
deserve your money then honestly yeah if
you enjoyed that thing after all yeah I
go back to my Harvest Moon story which
I'm told all the time of course I pirate
into the the a rom of the Super Nintendo
version of Harvest Moon years after they
were actually selling it and I really
liked it never would have bought it
anyway because I really liked it sight
unseen I paid for like the next four or
five Harvest Moon games that came out
brand new made sure they got money from
me oh yeah
people are already telling you copying
is in soon Jack do you think people
don't understand pirating is bad
anyone who says copying isn't stealing
is is an idiot if every copy of
something is worth something then that
is stealing and when you steal something
you take away from the person who made
that something and maybe maybe rich is
right that I have not been clear on the
endgame of piracy which is you're
screwing with the system and the system
is in place to make sure the people who
make good stuff get rewarded
personalizing you screwing with the
creator's well that's you screw with the
system and the system makes sure that
the people who make good stuff get
rewarded making that good stuff and once
you start messing with that system
creators stop making money they stop
making good stuff once you start messing
with that system it ruins everything
and and the and Oh like I wasn't gonna
buy it anyway then you shouldn't play it
like oh it's oh it's not available in my
country then I'm sorry then you don't
get to watch it and I'm sorry that
that's the way it works but that's the
way it works
it's hardly worth Africa
no raw Gus technically it is stealing
all like you know if you see a rack of
CDs right of the of the new Beyonce
album you're not gonna get anywhere I'm
not I'm just you're not gonna get any
we're making a point
all of those CDs are a copy and it's
still steel
it's fun
so everything's fine
it's easy to do it's easy to get away
with you're not gonna stop it by saying
that's bad it is no no I mean listen
maybe this conversation has enlightened
one person and that's fine
and more so I am I am the change that I
want to see I do not pirate I do not
steal I think we're doing pretty good
you made it into the second map so I'm
food I think I'm doing pretty good
okay I don't know what Gabe Newell's
take on piracy is I know his take on
piracy is to create the world's largest
DRM service well more importantly his
take on piracy was we need to make it
easier for customers to legally buy the
products I think it's burch and it's and
it's what did that just think that the
numbers have shown that gaming PC gaming
piracy has gone down since the end but
you don't
I want the mo or not I think I'm good at
a mo I think I'd rather have the food
oh yeah I'm definitely good on ammo oh
Jesus yeah well fearful slug boy I think
that's like a different that's a whole
different conversation feel feel for
fearful slugs boys bringing up something
like eBay or Game Stop set the
second-hand market right yeah in no way
benefits the original creator I still
think it's fine
because of in a perfect world it was you
know bought legally once
oh stop this thing
Oh No
beat that thing to death yeah like use
games the second-hand market is a hole
on the counter
why do you think they were Microsoft was
so big on getting rid of
gamestop and going to their their online
only you can't sell use games thing yeah
they can't make no money off that and
well yeah
you know what it is it is hard Jacky's
to learn from Radiohead in their take on
piracy well first of all yes it is hard
to know who is targeting who in this
game that would been nice if if they
would like color code targeting one guys
targeting one thing Radiohead is a
special situation you know Radiohead to
move down to the pay what you want model
hmm and even if that means nothing you
don't have to pay anything afford to do
that that's the thing is the Radiohead
started doing that after that they were
a giant band who everyone loved that
does not work for the little guys
there have been a wonderful services
since then that really help of
Afghanistan stuff that get smaller our
artists out there that their music easy
to access and then a decent chunk of
money
I'm curious do you believe in following
the law even if you personally don't
agree with that law and don't see any
valid reason for that law to not connect
stealing not just about you know events
in general not just about pot piracy
friends found exactly what we're talking
about so there's a lot of gray area
there I spent like ooh double-barreled
shotgun in general I would imagine if
such a law like if I was really against
such a law I would work on repealing
that law and I know you know many people
like well will say like what is there's
a name for like willful dissent not
usually like purposefully break the law
to raise awareness that the law is
unjust or something like that
several disobedience civil oh maybe
that's it civil disobedience so there's
a lot of gray area in there though I
would certainly thought a law was unjust
I want to urge my lawmakers to change it
I'm a work within the system kind of guy
yes simple disobedience god damn it rich
why I said it wants me what I press it
wrong don't really good
I'll be everything from really
can I Drive too much food
you said it as they finished typing I
figured it was the leg I'm still gonna
have fun with you
I can't yes I think a conscientious
objector is something else like I think
actually a conscientious objector
specifically applies to applying for the
draft and wartime yeah I think that one
that one was one more it's like if you
were if you were eligible for the draft
you'd be a draft dodger but doing it for
conscious
sit what if there's a situation where a
creator is being screwed by their
publisher would be okay to pirate it
then donate to the creator right well
like it
now we're talking about exceptions okay
it's like the hope is that one day we
will have a system and and we are
getting really closer to that a system
of direct engagement with creators
things like pink trim and Bandcamp and
YouTube and twitch and all these like
wonderful things where you can directly
give to the creators that our system is
actually becoming more and more I want
to say democratize but it's becoming
more transparent who is getting your
money and that should be considered a
good thing it needs to be easier to
target people yeah yeah cool coop really
need to fucking take a low chance
and it's found a teddy bear I I did hear
about that did you hear about the game
dev tycoon creators yeah who's seated
who's seated a copy of their game to
torrent sites with a special glitch in
it to make the games that you may be
overly pirated so you would always fail
every time that's funny I get it
it's really funny I had talked it
couldn't be done in time I had talked to
J and Mike about doing something similar
with space goblin seating a version
where like the first five minutes made
it through and then like slowly it
degraded it garbled but it would be very
subtle or light or like a lot of work we
should make our own like low-quality
version of space cop so that's really
just styrofoam behind this well what I
was think is like what if we just have
some Christmas lights behind there what
if we just overdubbed like all of your
dialogue into something weird and then
and then anyone who is complaining about
like the jokes not making sense we would
know that pirated it yeah I think that
would be really funny unfortunately
there was no time
why are you standing right next to each
other so I can't target any of you
individually not ease oh I see by the
way have you noticed that I'm steamed
they're selling movies now yeah I know I
don't get it I don't get it
the ecosystem people really like the
all-encompassing ecosystem went uluru by
you games chat with your friends
I don't download software all in one
convenient place I give zero fucks about
the ecosystem that's why I litter I'll
tell you what I owe shotgun my race my
friend I saw that on Steam - I there's
just so many better places to buy my
movies right now where it does not apply
to me
like my guess is the the steam movie
thing is very similar to their steam
game thing and any movie on any digital
service which is you do not own that
moving uni 6 and are able to watch it
through their system when you buy a
movie on iTunes this famously happened
one us too many if you buy movie on
iTunes you are leasing that movie and
paying for the ability to watch that
movie through iTunes but if all of a
sudden they decide to take that movie
off of iTunes it's gone
I have no right
Oh yep it's another cellphone earpiece
undo mush
they say you might be able to present be
to change to overhead targeting like an
overhead view of this overhead targeting
I don't know what that means
I don't even I will be honest with you I
don't need any of this
eat hunger
and walk in wait you're on the second
map now right yeah it's still
mountainous I thought these well we're
just walking we're not driving oh I just
thought the background might change one
do you begin to hear a faint sound of
energy noises in the distance spinning
around you scan the horizon behind you
several motorbikes with armed riders are
speeding directly towards you we're
armed to the teeth well
listen that's a you do you man you you
you've been rockin this wrong you've
been rocking oh you might get a
motorcycle you can kill them take their
motorcycle
they say oh no the Atlanteans are after
rich
you haven't have any antibiotics
yep that's fine
don't miss
yep it's fine
Oh - weapon jams Oh God what
why can't you search the bodies and ride
the motorbikes
there's this time they have a logic
problem with their choices rich got a
goddamn logic problem shame we couldn't
name Elliot after somebody in the chat
that would have been fun yeah would have
been fun
that would have been a lot of fun
also like wouldn't it be great if you
could loot the body of the guy who died
yeah take the equipment that you like
from him maybe I didn't try I'm not sure
it doesn't matter so where are you where
were you yeah
if you're gonna be in Milwaukee for a
day over the summer you should check out
the seafaring town during Summerfest see
what better plan if you are a music
person
Summerfest the world's largest music
festival if not we have plenty of fine
restaurants
I recommend the Bayview maybe I can play
the climax trans pizza go to classic
slice sausage restaurant called the
vanguard very good sausage there's good
kind if you're willing to spend some
money they have a constantly rotating
menu also a lazy susan not so expensive
but also a constantly rotating menu it's
one of those restaurants that they just
go to the farmers market and make
whatever the fuck they feel like it lazy
susan Crane restaurant
I see the bronze Fonz that's always nice
here in town during State Fair you know
State Fair was always fun lots of stuff
to do anymore
yeah tyranny sores Rex this does I think
this is getting a little say me
there's a I'm very low on health you've
made it a lot you've made it the
farthest are you there your thoughts and
feelings about this game only different
yeah yeah wait was that a yes or no
Jack you are entirely wrong about where
Happy Days took place the Cunningham
house was listed in the show in
Milwaukee what that's crazy town what
what sure what Happy Days yeah I I said
it took place in a suburb outside of
Milwaukee I'm supposed to be in in
Milwaukee proper why don't we give a
fuck about this because I need her
detail because I said something wrong
about a show from the 70s that took
place in the 50s they said something
wrong rich that makes you a monster that
makes me a monster
Jack tell rich this is a secret JRPG in
disguise I don't know what they get you
because I'm not exactly loving this here
here if you meant to say aha
or maybe they said that to push you over
that hate maybe they know your cave on
the fence so they want to push you over
you know what Len fly Kaczynski I have
not seen Zootopia my wife took my kids
to see it and she was like yes alright I
very rarely run to the theaters to see
movies yeah unless we're reviewing it
that's the kind of thing I'll see on on
Netflix or some kind of streaming
something or other yep I'm sure it's
I've heard fine things here's what
here's what everyone says is great it's
all I know about here's what I can tell
you as a parent my boy saw it and then
have never talked about it since really
never ever
they've never brought it up once I'm not
saying that makes it a bad movie and I'm
not saying that makes it a good movie
I'm saying that's very interesting I can
tell you I took them to see my neighbor
totoro in the theater and they have not
shut up about it for three months
that's what you know like they they see
like boots he'll transfer to
Transylvania Dominion and they love it
so I'm not saying that makes it a bad
movie I'm just saying it was interesting
it's my courtship is my cord shorting
out I'm very sorry
there how's that record Ralph was fine
though I'm sure a lot of that is video
game nostalgia movie yeah how much
that's video game nostalgia doesn't
matter yeah whatever
I'm giving a fuck about you or anyone
else I am I do want to see Jungle Book I
hear good things about the jungle book
order I'm looking forward to seeing the
jungle book movie I don't care at all
yeah I won't you know what I want to
know I want to know if they sing I don't
know if they still do this thing I like
the wreck-it Ralph I think it's fine
it's nice to have party members yes if
anything just for the extra gun
inventory meatball you that in the gun
mmm I would have I would have tackled
that fight otherwise
mr. butch next minute this is a machete
better than the next 15 hits chance my
chance tape my fire plus 10x tech delay
plus 25 bla chance the head plus I was
it got plus five plus five get out here
with that
give up on the road and live in the
shack that'd be nice
I should that would be nice that made a
smart thing maybe they'll be a good
option build yourself a little spike
fence on the outside buy some decent
huntin fishing in the area
but Thomas numbers
what that's not good
you're losing bullets rich yeah but he's
more well Wilson help taking the fight
doing the fight whatever you want I'm
taking it
hey hey hey take it out juicy rock beat
oh my god you're right you know what and
I didn't reset my stand-up timer because
I didn't think we'd be lasting this long
it was probably time to stand up for
anyone who needs to stand up oh yeah
rich is doing way better than I was
expecting
all right you're good we're gonna we're
gonna die okay Oh or not Oh stead
what do you bring to the party Sten
nothing
dim sum
yeah like this is the kind of thing
where we're in FTL you know you blow up
the enemy ship and you salvage stuff
right and that's Salvage stuff is all
randomized here but it's like in though
in this world why can't I take their
guns look just lying right there it's
it's following it's unnecessarily
following the rules set in a different
game you know yep
yeah and the fact that it's the exact
same battle music that plays nope
did you lose oh no you both alright what
that jerk stand step what a dickhead
I prefer this game to lessons yes yes
don't you like it don't you like your
mushrooms on visit luxurious
I don't like my boring drama with a
secondary consideration to gameplay no I
didn't enjoy that as much as this which
at least is a game first what kind of
game is it I know the third-person
shooter that's right it's 10:10 fucking
took your revolver man yeah I know we
did what a dickhead if I see him again
I'm gonna kill him I'm not kidding
fuck it I'm gonna bludgeon you and die
trunk are they freaking out about the
last of us come in I'm sure look at a
certain way right the story really out
of yeah well you know really if we're
gonna take this if we're gonna take this
medium serious as an art form it really
needs to be closer really related to a
different art form I'm happy I'm not big
game at all the only way we're gonna be
taken seriously as a narrative art form
is if we completely copy what other
narrative art forms are done but more
like the movies they driven really
believe and I've said this time and time
again they believe them despite the fact
that the third game completely cocked
things up like the Mass Effect games
they made the the storytelling part of
the gameplay like you were you made your
character it was story focused you said
the things you wanted to say you weren't
sitting there like a passive idiot and
watching people say things okay
okay get out of here what planet did you
want to explore next what what
adventures you want to go on now I get
to choose we're going over the grocery
store to get some beans and I want to
have talked about my choices in life
with the honor way there we're gonna
slowly walk yeah he used to be a farmer
growing up ball was a simple man he told
me God be a good man son they get to
shoot the zombies now please sir please
sir I want to shoot the zombies now
please before I met you I worked at the
porridge store look there's a zombie
over there go shoot him oh my God look
at all those zombies we better walk
around let's cut through this alley and
I can tell you about the beaver I used
to have as a kid which game is worse
this game or the Western XCOM game the
Western XCOM game I did not like that I
could I could I could I could be
convinced to play more of this and you
could not convince me to play more hard
West's rather play more hard West you
think I don't know I don't know anything
about let's not play either how about
that I think I'm done either well yeah
where's that twat sure at you
Western next time was called hard West
her East okay what baby are you
screaming I never had stop okay what's
going on I saw some people say something
but I'm fine okay
where were you rich goo baby Oh bother
twelve months in a row you see the
little bit more enthusiasm II finally
got to the spot where we say that it's a
twelvemonth and you say it like you just
don't give a fight that was sing-songy
12 you said that like you were walking
to the porridge store twelve months in a
row now stay away from those mushrooms
we wouldn't want anything exciting we're
gonna keep you safe the off switch
Magnus PU fifteen months in a row
Swedish hey I the real Quaid 18 months
in a row Michael John Cromwell fisted by
don't smoke 17 months in a row King
British gone British guy king named that
very much reminds me of Lucas Ducas this
new subscriber whose prime I'm sure he's
an old scribe or a subscriber in
disguise it's a sham - sham gobbledygook
21 fucking months in a row
Harry fed 15 months in a row second
twelve twenty
fifteen bout that our room hence frosh
hell but barn I'm gonna be that guy
seventeen months in a row I last 1984
chaos 14:28 nerdy ik okay
Theodore J hooker twenty fucking months
in a row spooky Dookie
shishi machinery specs for 15 months in
a row Yungas Borgnine ganga Sutton
dingus baba BA are all but turds are
green 17 months in a row Ludi ik I will
not stop saying your name wrong I'm
sorry Laurie yak-38
I can do it I think I don't really know
he's gonna correct me do probably rare
she reads Stardust 16 months in a row
gahafer jag Oh
however you think there that you read
though I'm very very bungle or Ernest
Khan 17 months in a row I'm sorry I've
lost my K is 87 17 months in a row oh
then I get to read machine gun funk
machine
okay it guitar guitar so 14 months in a
row what's happening is we are reading
all the people who subscribe to us
during the stream because we are about
to end the stream so I'm very sorry mr.
squishy if you just came in but we are
thanking what 'less 19 months in noble a
horrible glory 18 months in a row Thai
Rak the ancient stick man grid' 15
months in a row radio link down and
according to mr. shy smell we missed
mote a little mokey I forget for the
length it's 85 right okay be 85 yeah
mokey be 85 22 fucking months in a row
we're so sorry mokey where are you on
the list you're not on the list of will
scroll up I may be a scroll past when I
was wrong double check it does double
check okay we said it we said it how
about huggy snuggle sure now I'm 13
months in a row
Quino 17 months in a row old Pete 17
months in a row I mean she's dragging
the tribe down Brides nothing anymore
come on old Pete everyone's gotta slow
down so I can catch up apparently it was
from last week when the Twitter was not
ah oh we're very sorry Windows 10
Windows 10 beefcake has gotten us a
Windows 10 version and until rich
completely switches over we're still
gonna bring the windows 7 Drive hello
cat strikers
14 months in a row
