Starbound and Gagged
August 24, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VkEcco8OoOM

that's likely a thing what was happening
was I started screaming okay so yeah we
are screaming so what what was happening
was I'm in stardew valley and I just see
that stardew valley I'm in was Starbound
I was in Starbound which was ms/ms
published by the same company that did
stardew valley and risk of rain chuckle
fish yeah and I was I was wondering if
there was controller support as it turns
out there's not but there's a little a
little area where you can modify your
controls we can Starbound and that you
know I went to modify and I clicked to
the the controller to see if that would
work and it didn't and so I click the
back button in the menu and the game
crashed so it's kind of like no man's
sky today welcome to the stream I know
many of you suggested Starbound as a
replacement for no man's sky as a better
no man's sky does no man's sky better
than no man Scott yes and so I thought I
I wouldn't I would give it a try because
rich is feeling a little tired today yes
I am rich would you like to tell us yeah
right into them all right we gotta get
into something I got to create a
character so you go ahead
yesterday was a nice day and we ain't
Karen we went down to Veterans Park to
ride our bikes Veterans Park it's a it's
a parks downtown it's near the lake it's
in the city mm-hmm and low drop bikes on
to the car gonna you know a bike rack I
bought a couple weeks ago a few weeks
ago sure we drive downtown but I'm a
blocker too before we hit the park we he
robbed a loud noise Roger we hit a
lock-up well over there it was really
bumpy just went over a hill like a
rather you know large hill and I turn
around make sure our bikes are still
there the bikes were still there okay I
guess we're just banging around some way
we park we take our bikes we have a
beautiful day bye
on the trails Veterans Park is a lovely
Veterans Park is is where we did our
Pokemon go trap
it's a lovely large parking down right
in downtown Milwaukee absolutely you
know we we have our fun downtown we're
ready to leave and I go to put the bikes
on the the bike rack and I noticed that
one of the arms this must've been the
noise one of the arms and the bike rack
was actually busted oh and it's a kind
of a miracle we didn't lose our bikes in
the first place I thought one of the
straps had just slipped and that's why
it was drooping mm-hmm but apparently
it's actually a busted bolt in there so
we couldn't load the bikes back up to go
home oh and yeah I just could just kind
of that got her her bike when she came
up here this is a brand new bike my bike
was nice
mm-hmm and we don't know what the hell
to do we have no way to get the bikes
home where your car cannot fit both
bikes in it yeah you know Caroline's
like it's getting late the Sun is going
down Karen wants to like wait there with
the bikes while I Drive to get a new
bike rack I was not gonna leave her
downtown cuz really have one phone
between us that's the other thing right
right my my phone was fine her from her
phone was low on battery so she didn't
even bring it at my freaking car right I
got it I think she could charge up my
car if she didn't bring it
she didn't bring a phone what you know I
mean it's not her fault she didn't know
we're gonna have weird bike ride
problems so I'm I don't know what the
hell do I'm trying to figure out a
solution and eventually I just take her
bike I shove it into my trunk as best as
I can and I use one of the straps from
the broken book broken bike rack just to
tie the trunk shut uh-huh I hand her my
keys I say just just go home
just as just to go home and I'm gonna go
home in the mic I'm gonna take my bike
I'm just gonna go home from downtown all
the way to the suburbs which is crazy it
was it was crazy downtown to the suburbs
is like a 15 20 minute drive it was a
freeway 11 miles yeah that's a crazy
bike right
always be closing doors you press e to
do so I had I had a little adventure
last night my first thought because I am
a smart man and not a moron no I I went
to find a bus and there's a bus signer
there's a bus line I know that it could
be pretty close to home so I stopped I
actually waited for the bus to come by
mmm-hmm bus comes by my tire was too fat
to fit on the buses bike rack and they
would not let me bring my bike on the
bus so as I go fuck I waited for the bus
for fucking nothing you don't have one
of those special like all-terrain
driving snow bikes you just have a
regular bike bike there there have you
ever seen the ridin I've seen like the
ridiculous ones it's just - just
slightly bigger than normal right it
really didn't fit in there but I
couldn't get the little thing you're
supposed to loop over the top to go over
the top of it so they wouldn't love me
they wouldn't let me ride with it on the
bus half-assed which you know yeah I
would suck if my bike fell off its yeah
I get it but then they wouldn't let me
bring my bike actually on the bus though
so I was fucked there so I just started
following the bus route home I just well
I see what the signs are I'll just
follow these signs I'll take them all
the fucking way home yeah so like 45
minutes of that was going down the
screen I'm going through
it's I think it's still in the city
proper because it's not really suburbs
because it's not like the houses had
full yards like all these buildings
crammed together but it's very
residential mm-hmm and I'm driving by
and I hear this this little voice this
little child's voice go I'm stuck I
stopped my bike and what I'm saying I'm
stuck just like that and I stopped my
bike and I see this little girl and her
jump ropes like wrapped around this kind
of post okay
and so you know I stopped my bike I get
aa thing and then I get back my bike and
I start going and like a block later I
realized wait a minute that was tied
around her waist who did her mother just
leave her outside tied to their fence
oh my god if her mother left her just
hide to the fence I just let a
four-year-old girl loose and uh
Milwaukee oh fuck
very little I could do about it at that
point
so I'm wait wait and she had she had a
rope tighter oh I thought she was just
like playing around with the Rope you
know I don't know it was a jump rope it
was a jump rope and it was tied around
her waist and the other end was like
wrapped around like a fence thing and I
thought wait a minute did she have like
a horrible mother who just ties her
daughter up to make sure she doesn't get
lost well that way she can run around
like the dog you know was that a little
girl who was actually deliberately tied
up like a dog oh my god it could have
been would have been I could have just
let her loose with like no kind of
supervision so if there any missing
person reports for like a four or five
year old girl let me know jesus H
criminy rich that's horrifying I didn't
go back oh I did not go back I turn
around I was going to it don'ts all over
the place okay there's people all over
and you know like at this point I just
wanted to get the fuck out of Dodge as
far as you're concerned a little girl is
tied to the thing she says I'm stuck so
yeah I mean I would I think I would have
made that call as well or maybe I don't
know I don't know if I would or not have
I'll be honest with you
oh my got a flower now oh I got a flower
in my hair I'm like what's that gonna do
like take my bike back and just tie her
back up you know what now that I've
given this some thought and then her
mother comes out and you're tying her
daughter to a fence my little girl you
goddamn ass get on my only option was to
get out of Dodge at that point
yes at that point absolutely yes right I
don't know I don't know a better way to
handle that situation besides besides
being like where's your where's your
parents you know but yeah yeah that's
really fucked up right that is super
fucked up don't worry ma'am I got this
oh my god when in doubt call the
authorities yeah I mean you know like I
said I don't know how I would have
handled the situation that's really
messed up but yeah it's very very
possible she just had a shitty parent at
home it was like yeah you want to play
outside I don't feel like watching yeah
obviously you're a little girl you can't
untie this if her mother did it like
wasn't in a knot so if that was the case
the mother did do a half-assed job oh if
it wasn't in a nod yeah then it's
probably just gotta talk to him no it's
quite possible she was playing a game
and then like accidentally like pulled
too hard on it making a tight tucked in
that was my assumption at the time
that's a fair assumption
before I started biking away oh no a
tentacle monsters this looks deep this
all looks very neat I got a matter
manipulator and a pickaxe
naima says this from a couple days ago
but it wasn't during the stream I don't
think Oh Richie if you are sick of
window shit read up on PC I pass through
it allows you to run Windows in a
controlled virtual box within Linux with
minimal performance loss it's
complicated though oh I'll look into it
I'll look into it
fisted buy dope smoke says Jack I'm Jack
I would not have played I would not have
played no man sky if not for your
glowing recommendation thank you lol
fuck my cock I'm gonna I'm gonna text
myself that PCI pass-through
cuz I forget things
okay I'm gonna text you up and then
later you're gonna text me again
oh well no I guess if you text me it's
in your it's in your bubbles yeah yeah I
can't get up there
okay so here here's ver this is very
Minecraft II and very very no man's sky
Z I got my matter manipulator here which
is basically a future pickaxe and I can
do this like new and then you suck up
all the resources okay so it's kind of
what we got here
I'm a little upset that there's no
controller support but I kind of get it
because like you can't just like shoot
in anything you need to hover over the
thing to shoot it with a mouse so I kind
of get it button I gotta take a rest sit
down for a second hey Mara telegin says
rich did you hear the news that a
possible earth-like planet is orbiting
Proxima Centauri our nearest star to our
own no I haven't but that's some
exciting shit that is exciting science
is great why can I take this apart nope
maybe in ten thousand years we'll know
more right there's a thing up there that
I want fine fucking speed light until we
figure out fucking limitations until we
can figure out simple things like moving
faster than the speed of light it what I
just don't think we're we just can't get
very far
you know how long how long has it taken
the Voyager probe to get outside of our
of our little solar system it was
launched in thirty years twenty years
a while a long fucking time seventies
there
so one thing I will remember exactly
when it left I want to say late 70s
could have been eighties that the
problem is like the border changes like
what constitutes the the Oort cloud or
is it the past Pluto used to be past
Pluto brothers not a planet it was past
well it just got past Pluto and that's
30 40 years yeah right and so it's just
like we we got we got a we got to figure
out this faster-than-light situation get
on it Elon Musk like electric cars and
solar panels are great button first
things first jack yeah first things
first
what's first energy solar powered cars
yeah you're right weeds are not we need
to not kill ourselves first am i doing
it we need we need cheap sustainable
energy all right keep on going to you on
musk god I love you
real life goddamn Tony Stark right there
anonymous says what is the best back hit
backhanded minute of them what is the
best backhanded compliment you have
heard that I've ever heard yeah it's not
something here's the problem that's not
something I've kept records up I've
heard backhanded compliments I can't
remember what any of them are off the
top my head what you gonna keep good I
gotta keep can you choose your character
do you always that weird thing I I kind
of did I you can choose your race and my
race is a race of medieval robots
because I thought that was cool and then
I did a randomizer and actually you know
what I want to go if I go here kind of
change what I look like
well cancel how do I here we go I want
to take this flower off of my head I got
a flower but look at my kit look at my
character he's a robot with a mohawk
okay and so like I just hit the
randomizer button I you can change
everything
but I kind of like that wasn't like a
flower kind of thing inside of your head
yeah well I picked up this flower
and I can put it on oh but I don't think
I need it and so okay so I decided to
take the flour off wash Oh a sword shit
and pixels great what do we cosmetic
head armor head cosmetic aid cosmetic
oh here we go active items and pressing
the corresponding network key - it would
have made a space cop character yeah I'm
sorry Jeff this was a chat soon well now
yeah and I'm sorry Jeff that I didn't oh
and I should have well that sounded like
an I didn't understand sorry sorry oh
yeah no I mean had to give more time but
you were in the middle of a story I just
wanted to start playing I need a sword
now okay I'm sorry I'm sorry we're
really we started earlier what's what's
uh what's the big deal
madness chaos madness throughout the
streets
right tell me what to do again you've
you you did miss the story of how I
potentially did the worst thing I've
ever done an accident you missed that
so is you know the reason this is like
no man's sky just because of the
scanning things or the shooting
materials
well you shoot and collect materials and
I believe also it's it's a Minecraft II
where you're the planets you visit our
randomly generated but it has more of a
survival aspect I'm gonna figure out
this hole
oh ok here we go put sword on hotbar
yeah I'm figuring out how to do that
ah haha oh I'm Todd yeah that bar that
makes sense so now ah okay so now like
if I go if I just press three I got a
sword how do I swing that sword
oh just by clicking great okay so now I
want to put my DC bready one three three
says hey rich you fuck oh you fuck Oh
what are you additional thoughts on Ben
Hur I love the video bTW you fuck what
did he call you fuck oh hey fucko I have
no thought I'm been hurt why don't you
ever thought on been hurt her everything
did you see it hey you know what I'll
tell you this much okay when we're
filming that you know Jay was watching
classic Ben Hur yeah just what little
what little I saw of classic Ben Hur
made me want to sit down and watch the
classic Ben Hur yeah like oh this
chariot stuff looks great
uh-huh it's like they weren't using rear
rear screen projection that looked like
Charlton Heston on a fucking chariot oh
I'm sure it was they did not they did
not cut fucking corners they're not for
Charlton Heston god no so I may need to
see Ben Hur doubt you've never seen the
original door oh well the original isn't
the original
arrow it was a silent version but I
think that was a version there's a black
and white version oh oh I think it's
silent but I could be wrong on though
it's been far too long since I've seen
it I think we all went through that
phase where so basically the classic Ben
Hur is a remake that's really funny yeah
okay so gun room or what oh where
everyone watches the the old gladiator
movies you know like you watch Ben Hur
you watch Spartacus you never had that
face no oh shit maybe I need to you
should have that face I know some time
is now wait you've never seen Spartacus
no you should see Spartacus I'm
Spartacus I haven't seen Ben Hur I
haven't seen Casablanca even even Sparta
like there-there are these wonderful
scenes in Spartacus where you know
is shot on location but then all of a
sudden it cuts and they are so fucking
clearly on a set and you just go oh how
adorable the Spartacus okay Oh yep
anonymous says the beams of light from
the brightness of his gorgeous face of
the rich man I am thrilled to be jack
thou art so great my lord
I am thrilled to be jack thou art so
great my lord
fucking great what I never a religion no
great well okay oh good oh I pet the pig
i pet the pig the pig loves me now - am
I saying that right Dee agh e SH desh
desh okay I got it right I think or dag
Hesh but I like to guess I like the gesh
how do you keep profanity fresh in
today's society
last time it ever caught me off guard
and made me laugh all on its own was the
cheeto faced ferret wearing shit Gibbon
tweet um I guess you just say weirder
things is how you keep it fresh I just
wear because I swear I'm not trying to
be edgy right I just swear mm-hmm well
and you know that's that's that's kind
of the slippery slope with keeping it
edgy and swearing or it's like if that's
all the bit you have is just swearing it
gets old really it gets old really
really fast but if you're you swearing
to accentuate or punctuate a different
piece of comedy if you want to keep it
fresh just say at national TV
skunk 182 squ NK
skunk skunk yeah there's no eyes maybe
just skunk skunk
squonk what's going squeak I recently
got out of the military and have the
ability to attend school on the GI Bill
nice thinking of majoring in film I was
wondering what are your thoughts on film
school
thanks it's expensive and you're not
gonna learn anything useful
I think I I think Mike and J would say
if they were that experience is probably
a far better teacher I think the only
thing most people who get something out
of film school get out of it is just
connections that but you have no idea
how important that is connections that's
that is that is 99 if like if you want
to actually work in the film industry
that's so like you need to figure out
what you want to do you want to be a
schmuck making Internet videos yeah go
your own way figure it out in your own
path right which is a great way if you
want to actually work in the film
industry those connections are you gonna
get to your first job those connections
are going to move you up the ladder but
is that all you're going to get out of
film school because you can't teach
somebody to how to be creative
you can't teach someone how to be
creative but you can teach go to a good
film school done don't go to youtube in
Milwaukee no offense to my home city
their film school go to a good film
school go to Columbia go to Northwestern
go to UCLA you need to learn the
fundamentals yeah and for those like I
never went to film school okay
I I picked up the fundamentals along the
way but I still don't know them all and
I fuck up all the time learn the
fundamentals and make as many friends as
god damn possible and work on as many
projects as possible so then when you go
out to try to get a job in the film
industry
you have friends that's what you need
and then you know you go you go to a
business and the guy hiring is also a
graduate of Columbia he goes now I went
to Columbia sure I'll help out a fellow
Columbia grad I'll get you a PA job on
this TV show that we're working on you
work on that you find some more Columbia
graduates you make more friends that's
part of the business
so you're the advice is just make damn
sure you make friends be damn sure you
make friends not just make friends do
shit like film school we'll have like a
sketch comedy club we film our own
sketch comedy
shit make friends make contacts that is
what film school is for Girish during it
why is this pig here can I shoot the pig
I don't want to shoot the pig I'm gonna
what do I need Explorer okay here we go
and you'll be him yeah let's do that
so you get to learn the fundamentals and
if you make all the friends great then
then you can actually get a job don't
want 82 also says how do you feel about
demanding fans how do you feel about
demanding vans we've had too many
demanding ones I've seen mostly sweet
things like fan fan mail we get it's
nice they send us a handmade thing they
know look somebody somebody drew us an
artistic representation of a pizza roll
yeah well the closest to demanding
things I've seen is you can see like the
YouTube comments like just prove to plug
good reviews and you just ignore that
shit yeah Casey better live says just
tipping to apologize for my shameless
advertising on last string I felt like a
dirty dirty man after you read it I also
saw a feeding frenzy recently loved you
both in it feeding frenzies quality and
it's okay you you tip the tip if you're
not saying something I absolutely don't
want to read and it's not a guarantee if
I see something that's just garbage sure
like you know a hole I won't read it for
example if you if you tip like five
dollars and and say like I find Pizza
Hut Pizza to be utterly delicious and I
eat it all the time I'm not gonna say
that you know why cuz Pizza Hut pizzas
garbage I I wholeheartedly agree with
that sentiment what that pays a piece is
garbage
yeah that I would not read that right it
sounds like you know what you said
somebody said YouTube channels like
would you read it but replace Pizza Hut
with like a thing you like oh you fuck
oh I'm killing you that other guy didn't
attack me coming oh no you're dead
you're dead fucking dead maybe maybe I
would how do I activate yet what's
almost worst Pizza Hut Domino's know or
any of the little chain pizzas the worst
is Little Caesars yeah they can die in a
fire for the pizza have been blandly
acceptable
oh no they fucking suck Domino's sucks
Pizza Hut Pizza had the reason I said
Pizza hat is because they're like the
slightly acceptable version of all of
them maybe Papa John's maybe that's a
about the time this is this is like over
a decade ago at this point was that is
that a job that a grocery store job and
I happened to be up in the front office
area well there was a conversation about
what pizza to get like we've made some
kind of quota we did we did good that
year in some kind of category and
management was going to buy everybody
pizza oh and there was a I was involved
little debate about what what pizza to
get and this one lady she won she was
lazy
she was really lazy I I'm guessing they
were gonna have her run out to get it
she just wanted to go to the place
around the corner
yeah and I'm like no this place down the
street a few blocks away few blocks away
great pizza that's what we got it we
gotta get we gotta get burgers pizza if
you're Pizza nearby you got to get the
goods bears we're going back and forth
lazy place around the street and burger
speeds up huh and the store manager was
from California chimes in you know
what's good pizza
you ever had Domino's have you ever had
Domino's and it was just silence
just staring at this man struggling
struggling not to call him a moron
Domino's what the fuck is wrong with you
we've all had Domino's e what the fuck
man right that's great yes the Domino
sir I've told that before it was
appropriate it was appropriate to retell
that now the appropriate story
absolutely anonymous says ben-hur in
five seconds Jews the superior Christian
okay ah I haven't seen it so I don't
know how accurate that is
is it based on some kind of Bible thing
at all or is it just purely made-up
ben-hur yeah
I don't know I don't think it's abide
yeah I'm not I I do I believe it's a
historical tale I think it's based off
of something that time that actually
happened but I know Chuck I do not have
an opinion on terraria I have not played
it Jack had you played terrarium - right
no no I've not played terraria I it's
similar to this right I don't know it's
really reminding people in the chat of
it so I'm assuming it is this does look
a lot oh that's mud wait where's the or
you said there was or here cobble cobble
stone or it intersects the story of
Jesus at a few points but Ben Hur is its
own story I know it's separate from the
Bible but I mean is it is it just like a
fictional story like written in recent
times or is there like some kind of
historical actual history or legend of a
Ben Hur right this is a historic thing
or is just like a Hollywood executive I
got this story I want to do where a
gladiator guy meets Jesus now I kind of
want it to be that because that's
funnier do you think it is yes I know
it's all fiction I just want to know if
there's what what what the origin have
been her story is is it more reason or
is it a historical fiction oh he killed
me I did it was a novel oh okay
recent ish 1870s okay that's the answer
I needed 1870s novel yep all right I'd I
did
got a pig gonna need some food on my
journey Oh a flashlight would have been
really useful flashlight would have been
really useful see all this stuff that I
probably should have taken in the first
place what is all that crap what's going
on I'm just reading chat sure no just
reach out cuz I'm I'm exhausted after my
fucking 11:00 well by the time we were
dicking around just on the bike trails
12 mile bike ride yesterday oh right no
no I died right where I may have killed
a five year old girl I still don't know
at very most maybe she ran she ran away
to Child Protective Services with the
other end of the jump rope still tied to
her yeah yeah she's been she's been
secretly like googling where the closest
Child Protective Service offices and she
just needed some kind stranger to untie
her and no one was because everyone
didn't want to mess with it you rich
Evans saved her life do you understand
you saved her life yes for anyone who
got here late or possibly just got here
on time because we started her we did
start a bit earlier we stirred up I had
a bike rack problem yesterday and so I
had to ride my bike home from downtown
where I encountered a five-year-old girl
who was tied to a fence with the jump
rope this is a the fact that this is a
real story honestly freaks me out I'm
dead don't say that don't say that no
it's you know you're a little girl
rescue because kind stranger don't you
fuckin mess with me monkey I will kill
you I am killing you yeah take that your
monkey your monkey
mmm num num nom nom nom well does my
flashlight need batteries uh yeah let's
hope not oh hello happy friend oh you
killed me last time I don't want to talk
to you no I'm not dealing with you
little Godzilla monster I'm gonna go
this way
do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do did it dude
it dudududu well there's no okay dink
you dink
have you heard they're making a new tick
yeah I think the pilots on Amazon it is
it's already on is it good seems like a
more serious tape which is bizarre
that's that's the thing so did you read
the tick comics a little bit a little
bit I'm mostly familiar with the Fox
cartoon right which was brilliant yeah
and actually extremely brilliant
I've been re watching it because my kids
know like love watching it ah so ivory
watched almost the entire series only
three seasons the tick animated series
is brilliant yeah I wholeheartedly agree
deb-deb did we do do we devin townsend
coleman is the name of the voice actor
are you gonna attack me no don't fucking
attack me stop attacking me everything's
fucking I kind of get annoyed when
people associate the tick with the
Seinfeld guy that's Patrick Warburton
Patrick Warburton that show that lasted
less than a season Oh for fuck's sake
everyone's writing an article just being
like Ken Peterson Ascenta Phoenix
replaced Patrick Warburton and I'm like
Patrick Warburton never replaced
Townsend Coleman oh fucking shit right
no fucking shit that's that it was
exactly my thought thank you rich we are
now best friends huh
we were very very good
friends and now we are best friends I
won't let you know that and destroy this
tree come on I can't oh oh yeah I
wouldn't you know what I'm gonna zap you
with my laser how do you like that for
whatever reason yeah the hotbar is
covering the compass of our objective
marker that's not real oh yeah yeah yeah
it's okay I see that oh I'm gonna die
I'm gonna die am probably well I've
already died once okay move that I see
that why is that no no no says Jack I've
smoked pocket I've smoked pot every day
for the last decade uh-huh and norm ants
keyboard the bejesus of you guys should
try out rains it's a three dollar
medieval story card game on Steam we
both enjoy we got that we got rings can
I eat this
Linda well those guys boring we could
switch to rain we got rains as a gift
and and yes I do how do we why does it
like something is up with the graphics
of this game we're like look I can't
read the bottom of this card thing which
that's saying so Venture Brothers rode
the six coattails The Venture Brothers
uh the guys behind the Venture Brothers
there were writers on the tick yeah I'm
pretty damn sure been Edlund the tick
died actually came in he wrote an
episode of Venture Brothers Oh fun
yeah betta inland been Edlund is just a
TV producer now and I discovered after
cuz I didn't make the connection he is
one of the producers of Supernatural
which is a show that is kind of like a
fun take on horror stuff and it's like
oh that's great that makes me feel
better about watching Supernatural how
can I can't I eat you eat put it in your
mouth how do I eat you how do I eat food
this is what is important to me at the
moment knowing had it what is it so
I watched the Amazon premiere because I
have Amazon Prime and it's it's one
episode it's it's a pilot season again
and so it's this is their test episode
and it's darker it's more realistic and
my hope is that they use the tick
because the ticks purpose is to make fun
of superhero tropes and so my hope is
that they use this to make fun of the
dark and gritty realistic new wave of
superhero stuff okay it's not super
clear whether they're going that
direction yet and the pilot itself I'm
gonna say the script is bad they seem to
have they had a lot of sticks so it's
kind of thing where they just made the
pilot episode if it gets enough votes
they make more yes yes I think well
that's that's how they did pilot season
last time is it looking good or do you
not know how many votes these things get
I don't I don't know how that works I
did I wasn't asked to vote on this one
okay so I wonder if this is just a
straight a straight-up pilot or I don't
know but they had these bits like do
remember in the cartoon when the tick
first comes to Arthur's apartment and
there's this big long bit about him
trying to find yeah
the secret compartment where's the lair
at and it hilarious hilarious tip tick
is like breaking couches apart and it's
just a normal apartment there's a small
scene in the pilot in which the tick is
first entering Arthur's apartment they
meet under different circumstances and
every once in a while like during a
different conversation the tick will try
to like pull a lever and break something
so it's like half of a bit and also half
of a very serious conversation yeah and
it doesn't really flow right okay okay
Peterson Serafinowicz is very funny and
he's got it down and the tick action
stuff was really fun there's little
actions
quince in which the tick takes down a
gang and it's funny it's very funny okay
because he's still nyan vulnerable and
super strong I think I've seen that it
see more people in that no I he'd like
me throws and he might mean some no I
don't believe he may well an explosion
happens at the end so people probably
okay okay he doesn't murder people
intentionally okay there's some funny in
fact there's one funny bit where a guy
shot him the bullet bounced off the tick
and then hit the guy back and he goes
that's that was your fault sir and it's
like yeah that's cute now so it's it
hasn't found its right tone yet and I
want to know how to eat some food try
taking the food and putting it on your
character in the world not the inventory
oh is that how you do it
thank you thank you that was bothering
the shit out of me you know you got that
you got your guy right here so like I'll
just put it on my guy right here but you
have to put it on your guy over there
okay objective my I have an objective
marker rich this is will that sounds
amazing
well that that's what I was missing OOP
what are you doing what is your
objective find the Archaic energy source
okay is there fall down what are you
doing in this game what's the point in
this game what was that what is the deal
earth has been attacked by a giant
unknown enemy did I have verbal
tentacles the big purple tentacles I
have escaped on a ship but the ship
isn't working properly so and you know
like all my shits busted yeah so you got
a unbustable my shit okay possibly to
save the earth I don't know looks like I
need water no what is that what do those
mean I don't know doesn't matter fuck it
Chatham I'm glad you like the ben-hur
video
I think it's funny funny video fun fact
but we're rigidly gonna do that for
Tarzan but it turned out Tarzan didn't
flop hahaha Tarzan didn't usually well
you know what that is a fun fact yeah
who a ghost it's a ghost cat look at
that thing
he's gonna attack me yeah yeah I feel
like that ghost cat don't seem to mind
he's a ghost
it just comes back for more what are you
what are you are you gonna attack me I
don't fucking care he's just going to
assume everything's going to attack I
didn't well some things don't
or didn't some things didn't wait
where's my flourish light one hey hey
Tarzan didn't flop the Stars ended
unusually well yeah it wasn't like as
everyone expected into shock because you
know it was Tarzan right it was not a
smash success but it did not flop and by
very virtue of not flopping it was a
success a success yeah your ghosty mama
says greetings from China China huh guys
I give you the last of my money I'll be
homeless tomorrow well thank you very
much hopefully you'll find a new home
soon but your contribution will help me
buy Cheetos which is what's really
important what's more important having a
home or rich Evans eating Cheetos I mean
it's clear to me that's just gonna be me
though fucking ghost cat fucking ghost
cat there's a lot of fucking ghost cats
yeah so far I'm running into a lot of
piddly enemies but how does the science
fiction game explain the existence of
ghosts well maybe he's not a ghost maybe
he's like a facing thing phasing thing
all right I'm calling him ago Oh nope
can't be in there oh look at that guy
way ahead motherfucker there's a whole
frog village
damn straight rich Evans needs a new
bike rack yeah
like now not Cheetos like pick Cheetos
because they're funny yeah there's
something inherently funny about a
cheeto absolutely where I could say I'm
gonna use that money to buy some chips
but that wouldn't be as funny Cheetos
are funny some chips are not you are
correct
okay so there's there's there's certain
stuff that I can only craft at a
campfire by the way okay prepare more
I'm prepared to
great like I just crafted something rich
was amazed cooked Tomatoes
new best of the worst one soon sure
there's a parent Li there's a couple in
the in the canner one of them is soon oh
yeah that's good to know
roasted kale oh shit I'm making all
sorts of shit alright bye froggy man who
doesn't talk by E is this a Jack game
it's boring this is a game that has been
recommended to us by you people by you
the chat after we did not like no man's
sky said you know who does no man's sky
right Starbound and so I rich wasn't
feeling much like playing tonight
I think we'd play too many games for the
first time on stream I'll say this cuz
you know we don't know what we're doing
right now when we're playing Starbound
or I don't know how good a stream that
makes for we don't play more stuff we're
familiar with don't hurt me froggy hey
that's what I say that's that's what you
know like that's kind of what I use the
street oh no that's like water maybe
let's cut partly what I use the stream
for is just to like try out some shit be
adventurous
another flipper BT boom my veins just
double zero it says thanks guys a review
of no man's sky convinced me to ask for
a refund on Steam Wow
because it made me realize I wasn't
having fun and the game doesn't build a
world Cheers I you saved that review
rich cuz like overall I feel like it was
a really good conversation yeah and I
was really happy with like the Edit but
then like just that last that last joke
sealed the deal and I could have put
this perfect summary for what's wrong
that's exactly right and like I could
have moved that ahead in when we were
talking kind of more about the world
we're going it's just too strong of a
joke you got to end on the strong joke
because we filmed that last that was the
last thing rich thought to say and it
fit better with a different part of the
video but it's just too strong of joke
fuck fuck fuck running away from
Godzilla monster it's not even a joke
it's just a it's a sad observation is
what it is
sure
he's used it to come and find me you can
power up the gate with a core fragment
so now I need to collect the core
fragment anonymous says is it weird
receiving money from strangers to play
video games no it's awesome it's
honestly pretty great it's honestly
pretty great and you know hopefully we
hope we entertain you that's what we're
trying to you know trying to do here
collect core fragments okie dokie okie
dokie you'll find some core fragments
gotta find some core fragments rich
fucking another Godzilla monster fuck
fuck fuck run run run run run run oh oh
it's full of Godzilla monsters the
easiest way to find the core fragments
on this room is to look for a mine
interest and explore the mine fucking I
died would you guys prefer a great game
or movie slash TV show I probably prefer
a great game me you can only choose one
yeah tomorrow you can discover either a
great TV show yeah or a great game which
would you rather discover tomorrow how
many seasons one one full season full
season Lucy that makes it more
interesting like you know cuz a lot of
it's just time like you discover a great
game that's like 4050 hours sometimes
the only TV only time I ever watch TV
shows it's binging when the season stop
right so you find a good TV show like
stranger things versus doom
I'll take doom yeah I love struggle me
wrong I love stranger things that's too
tough a call for me to make I'm gonna be
honest with you that is just too tough I
don't want to make that decision I don't
want to you're not gonna make me you're
not gonna make me make that decision how
long is the season
don't write see it's like stranger
things was beautiful and wonderful but
only what eight episodes yeah
so I'll take doom over that and what do
we think of star citizen I don't know
what Jack thinks of star citizen but I
was excited when I heard about it it
will be great if they deliver on what
they say they're going to deliver wait
that's not out star citizen no oh oh
people people seem to be commenting on
it as if it was out and I got a cliff
any triple a game takes years to develop
oh sure and if you thought they're gonna
bang out star citizen in a year if they
if they bang that out of here I'd be
worried about it haha oh I don't know
anything about it that's probably not
like I know there's there's all the kind
of controversies you get with
Kickstarter I mean because they're
charging a lot of money for some ships
and I I don't know about any of that I
don't know any about anything about that
I just know the game as promised sounds
great
yeah okay I don't yeah I don't know
anything about it because that's
probably not my type of jam at dirt bike
or wait what did they say about core
fragments it's been in development for
years now right good games will be in
development for five fucking years that
happens oh god yes no no no even joke
what shin huh sorry I was I don't know
what I'm doing a thing I don't know what
I'm doing sham kid sama says hello again
dumb B's dumb B's dumb B's yep just got
a fat razor work so I thought I'd give a
little more than usual teehee that's a
201 that's cute I like that VR sickness
is a very real thing but two beers both
but two beers beforehand fixes on PS VR
our next purchase is Jack it's getting a
computer yep and I'm probably gonna get
an upgrade and I I've gone over the
specs I will have a very nice gaming PC
and it will be VR ready and
I still won't give a fuck about VR my
rig is fully V already and I will sit
there enjoying games not in VR because I
don't care about VR before before I
could even start getting excited about
VR I would need software that makes me
want to play it yeah that's that's the
thing till then it's a lot of nothing
that this thing you put your head and it
can do things that's worthless until
they program a thing to do with it right
that's fun that's exactly it and I still
think movement in the game is gonna be a
big issue you know and and you look at
the vibe and the vibe has those two
handle things which you know will help
give you that tactile feedback and so
it's like I think they're working
towards it they're not there yet I don't
know if they're ever gonna get there and
there's no game yet like every game is
like a one hour night anything in a
cockpit like I understand that Italy
dangerous I think that's very ready the
lead dangerous would be a neat game to
play with VR sure you know what else
would be an amazing with fucking VR what
a fucking meth warrior game okay oh yeah
fucking especially if it's like you get
like PvP in there too and that would be
the most popular fucking shit battle
battle tech VR yeah I'm with you how
come they're not are they planning that
and if they are how come they're not
planning that they're not planning it
because no one gives a shit about viajar
but that's the kind of thing that would
get start getting people hyped about VR
maybe they need a battle tech game we
got we got ourselves a chicken-egg
situation here rich chicken egg oh oh
yeah oh no no heard about this - says so
the company that makes EpiPens just jack
the price up by five hundred percent for
no reason at all how many how many do
they build how many do them how many do
they deserve to have
up their asses well that price none of
them week we can't afford to shove any
of them up their asses
they jack the price up 500 oh I'm the
CEO gave herself a 18 million dollar
raise oh yeah they're gonna make tons of
money
yeah I'm not I guess I'm not getting an
epi pen no it's always been something I
should really get one go you don't have
an epi pen no so far I don't have any
allergies that are deathly okay
that's good that's good that you don't
ya know it's uh it's obviously horrible
and it's one of those things that really
starts making the case for something
like universal health care yeah which is
great I mean I grew up around it epi
pens but my mother is is deathly deathly
allergic to bee stings and for anyone
who's grown up in the country yeah bees
are kind of everywhere so not only have
I been around epi pens I've had to
inject epi pens before and they are an
absolute lifesaver and yeah yeah so yeah
now obviously fuck that person who made
that call but you know that person has a
business to run right mm-hmm they know
they don't give a shit they don't give a
shit if they're saving lives what they
usually not what that would they know is
that the current insurance model will
pay for these hmm well then we will do
what the current insurance model says
and for people who aren't abiding by the
current insurance model laughs fuck um I
guess they can die yeah they're making
money look fuck yeah fuck that they're
they're abusing the system and fuck them
for it absolutely fuck them for it yeah
sorry then you know what that yeah that
that touches on political stuff but ya
know I I read that that's that's it's
shitty it's shitty and it's a personal
thing for me like EpiPens
same as the guy objectively the price of
the AIDS medicine you know you know oh
just a little shit
she has the little shit hey sorry that's
fine that's right
none of us says I remember that you
talked a while back about checking out
Just Cause 3 do you still plan on doing
so not immediately not immediately as
you know there's so many fucking games
that we need to play right and that's
that's I get a mid that's somewhere on
the back of the list Just Cause 3 yeah
yeah nonnamous is rich and the plinky
know best of the worst
you went off on Tic Tac dough or did you
just come up with it nothing we say on
best of the worst is written ever ever
ever
that is true rich nothing on best the
worst has ever written the closest you
get that's still not written is like the
intro type things but it's usually like
we talked about it but like right before
we do it like okay I'm gonna walk in how
do we how do we start this off oh no way
I'll knock this thing over and that's
not even a script right
but the the table discussion that is 900
percent off the cuff wait goodnight
makeup oh I dropped all my food also you
and Jack should hold hands and swing
them and go wah wah wah wah no we will
not do this why shouldn't maybe that
that's big that's what they that's what
they tip well did you read the thing
they said I read the thing they said
it's all you got to do that's her only
job I lost all my food and I've been
digging in the mines thinking that I
have fuck fuck fuck yes even the
DoubleDown plot explanation that was
legit absolutely right you try and
describe wash DoubleDown Brian describe
it I guarantee you the same things gonna
happen
yeah hundred hundo percent Oh
off-the-cuff cuz that's how we roll
was there a reason the nut Mega Man
prereq episode was never put up on our
alum comm usually timing with other
things our alums put up yeah that's that
what I'll fuck around I'm not used to
keyboard controls yet like like a day
after the new planket review is up we're
not gonna like put a prereq on the front
page knocking that down yeah probably
not yeah so that probably like I don't
remember now exactly but it probably
just bought up against an episode of the
half in the bag or sounds like you know
if that happens and we want to get it
out we don't want to wait we don't want
to hold another two weeks and something
we're already it's already been out for
a month exactly exactly you know this
one this one we got looking usually like
usually I'll talk to Jay about that
beforehand and just like oh hey I think
I'm gonna have an edit done around this
time are you guys working on anything
and you know sometimes he'll say oh yeah
we might have something coming out you
know so try to get it out earlier later
but yeah so if you if you want to catch
them obviously you could subscribe to
our YouTube channel or I could you know
I could see if you don't want if you
don't want all of the the twitch uploads
you could also subscribe to a playlist
if you subscribe to just a playlist on
YouTube then you just get the previously
recorded playlist and we have one of
those or you could follow us on Twitter
because I tweet him yes the new play
good review is coming out tomorrow
mm-hmm I didn't think we were supposed
to tell marriage people no yeah yeah
it wasn't an ad it was does that mean
letting the cat out of the bag something
has been said was it an ad maybe it was
I don't remember him I think they made
an ad is it's not it's not top secret
that there is there is a legit play good
review on the works right that is not
top secret oh I guess all you're doing
is confirming yeah the thing that they
said yes the thing that they said is
true
that is actually happening and they take
a while they take a long time it might
not be coming out tomorrow
but it's the thing that exists oh we
crashed or I just accidentally all ten
how did I I did not oh fucking hell
that was not my fault I think somehow
got out of the game
well well fuck I don't read this first
and I'm gonna get to the tips how do you
how do you guys feel about people who
define their identity through the media
that they enjoy in this case video games
and chat scrolls way too fast because we
have a lot of great fans who'd want to
come up and things and I can't read them
I think the problem is criticism against
games becomes too personal for some it's
always it's it's just weird to me
because I have never let the things I
enjoyed defined me what a bird attacked
me and so I tried to hide in a tent and
it attacked me in a tent and I died
again I'm sorry sorry I'm so I feel a
lot of people letting the things they
enjoyed to find them it's a tricky
situation because in in a sense the
things that you enjoy do define you in a
sense the things that you enjoy reflect
on your personality when when you enjoy
a video game and you talk about that
video game that's you waving a flag
right when you wear like a baseball
t-shirt you're waving a flag I like
baseball and so then someone can come to
you and be like hey like the the new
Newark Timberwolves and like so like
that it's part of it right but if you
bring it to the point where you like
hate somebody because they're wearing
like a a Boston chumbucket hat and rare
arrival team so then you hate that
person then it's silly
then it's silly like I think the big
idiots are the people who pick like a
side and the console wars
okay Xbox doesn't give a shit about you
right they're not gonna back you up
right oh right right yeah that kind of
brand loyalty and I guess that's what
we're talking here about here with like
uh with with uh letting like video games
are the things you enjoyed defined you
duty funds are dumb and it's only
battlefield fans that are small right
you're letting brands define you and
it's like a part of it is true the
things you enjoy shape your personality
and the things you enjoy are part of you
because like the things you enjoy the
only the only thing is you can't let
that define how you act people do and
that's so like it's not like it's not
people defining themselves by the things
they enjoy it's people allowing the way
they act to be defined by the things
they enjoy if that makes any sense okay
obviously everyone enjoys different shit
get over it future a famous person says
what kind of changes in the industry
would it take for you guys to want to
quit gaming as a hobby I would just take
no games I want to play coming out oh
yeah it's very simple
fuck you Oh I found all my shit
hey everyone oh my shit what's this I
think we're always going to be games out
there to cater to whatever niche we we
never fuck cuz like if the only games
are like Triple A games I'd like maybe
one game every year and a half at least
love hmm I don't think we ever ever have
to worry about them running about anyone
running out of games game development is
becoming easier and cheaper and if they
stopped making League games I like for
whatever reason that just happened
somehow sure they're promised to play
the older games that I do like right I
think yeah so I mean I'm not worried I'm
not worried at all niche niche niche
niche I don't give a shit I don't give
no fucks yeah I've heard it both ways
probably from rich dude I steal all the
stuff and you already had it
I did okay as soon games will be like
movies but then you're still gonna get
stuff like like this coming out and
there are still good movies being made
yeah they're they're just on video on
demand and on Netflix
Mad Max came out and that wasn't that
long and you know what every once in a
while you get a doom every once in a
while you get a big triple-a that you
like it it didn't it didn't do
gangbusters in the box office but I like
Star Trek beyond the Star Trek beyond is
so fucking good oh fuck yo but what if
Ken Levine went and put Jar Jar Binks in
the original thief game this is why you
don't want online DRM this is why steam
isn't a good thing because they can
change that shit is that you could do
about it
I have theif on a disc I'm safe there's
fall damage that's what I just don't
fall I didn't know I didn't know I
didn't know I know rich I'm sorry I
can't give you a detailed opinion on
telltale games because I've never really
played any him I started playing The
Walking Dead one I never ended up
finishing because I started when only
the first episode was out okay I said
well you know I'll wait to play it when
it's done and then I never got around to
it
in hindsight I'd probably hate it
because I doubt your your decisions
affect much I'm assuming the story
largely plays out the same no matter
what and you're basically just going
through a story and that would kind of
be dull but I haven't played many of
them I imagine they all suck cuz they're
not puzzle you can't call those
adventure games they're not puzzles
right I would also imagine they suck
which is why I have also not played any
of them so thief steals your copy of
thief well no that's it that's all again
ai ai ai ai ai owned I actually think I
have three different copies of thief on
a hard copy oh yeah cuz then we're cheap
enough and I wanted backups there's one
of my favorite games ever not to mention
the GOG
which is also backed up to a desk right
I think I'm good
I'm versions of feet I got backups I've
got backups of my backups only for thief
I've got a few measure of Ryan I got
like two master of Ryan's well three if
you count the digital GOG version sure
sure you can I think you can count it
got you it's not like I spent a lot for
I mean after the fact yours after the
fact you can find like a backup copies
like a burglar to somewhere yeah why not
oh look the stores gotta use copy Theo
that's two bucks yeah I'll take that
see I'm not super happy about this about
what's happening in the game take all
I'm taking all your shit I have not
played the most recent thief because it
looked bad take it oh yeah shit I'm
taking and a different voice actor for
absolutely no good reason I was like
what what the fuck man
rich any thoughts on how razor no I'm
not a big horror guy jay is the person
you want to ask about Hellraiser checked
you have Hellraiser thoughts
no okay not even not even a little bit
barking up the wrong tree yeah I mean
I've seen the Hellraiser movies I've
seen a couple Hellraiser movies but I'm
not like yeah
tweet at J and or wait until he's on a
stream and and J will deal with all of
your hell raiser business the new thief
substitutes old-timey slang of Taffer
with new slang like fuck yeah dull and
I'm creative that was and the old game
just said Taffer a lot yeah tougher good
toughen around there quit tapping around
yeah love it okay apparently in the new
one that just say fuck no yeah gonna
represent edgy that's edgy that's it
that is that is that you go oh I see
she's got herself a little a little
thing here she built it oh shit look at
that thing I don't want to deal with
that anytime someone asked you guys if
you like something that's good you say
nope yep I mean yeah that's absolutely
true uh-huh
all the time that's true all the time
about everything
hey lady we're how come that shit
doesn't attack you lady you know I can
get out of town hey lady
I thought Sue Bird is going to the bear
pits tomorrow on I get that reference
that's off I get reference
but you know they just don't make bears
like they used to
what yep hey lady that big boss creature
gives you a bunch of core fragments oh
okay
and jack you can break open them boxes
and stuff yeah I've been looking in the
boxes you can also if you just look at a
box like this you press E and you look
inside okay so you don't need to break
them you can just look in them so you're
being polite well those are not my boxes
also I always feel that way in the Zelda
games like I try not to break pots yeah
this is just rude
oh wait I have Spears
I've Spears that I can throw
hey come at me come at me you know what
I'm doing
she's in it straight up cheese in it I
think is like it's just a thug runs
around town vandalize his shit yeah
injures people's chickens oh oh he's
like he's a he that's a real problem
those chickens by the way like they put
food on the table that someone's
livelihood and what's link doing just
just fucking just fucking flying with
him oh shit
well wasted that rich would you ever go
camping yes but I would do it kicking
and screaming I would not go gently into
that that dark night well how's it going
do not go gently into that something
night
what's the edge' t'v mm-hmm oh god damn
it dark is it dark name it's probably
not dark night that's probably Batman
sleeping through under the poem and my
brain did never let Batman sleep into
them into a poem the walls I have built
between those things in my mind have
broken down yeah Dark Knight has seeped
into that that poem
goodnight oh that's that's probably
that's probably that's probably it
that sounds correct ooh a hammer nice
like hammers he was quoting pop-ups
yeah this place seemed like the place to
go right we're gonna do this and we're
gonna take I just got a hammer here's a
tip pressing end to bring up the scanner
is better at lighting areas up than the
flashlight there's a scanner wasn't that
in the cheesy speech and Independence
Day but we can tell how cultured some of
our fans are as compared to others I
think wait wasn't what do not go gentle
into that good night I'm assuming they
said that in Independence Day I don't
know
we will not go gentle into the good
night maybe I don't know like I think
wicked it's wicked
Oh a bomb I go a bomb now
Oh
oh my god no no no interstellar fans are
fighting with Independence Day fans oh
my god
it's chaos times interstellar learn Bend
it's day it's madness
it sounds like madness you can place
things like those dirt blocks to build a
ramp out that's that's first of all
that's what I'm doing
secondly that's what I'm doing you know
this is firstly you only need the one I
don't even need to I need one you don't
need to say that twice so it's like the
menu system is what I was messed up on
like this little one quick menu system
but I've really but you can like you
have two of them so now what I have to
do is is click on my stone here and then
I can like nope nope nope there we go
did you need that one under there you
could have just done well it's fine it's
one that's fine
it's too late to shut it sure there's a
quick swap thing for you know what I'd
like well you know what I'd like rich
like if I hover the mouse over this
little thing right here if it told me
the keyboard shortcut I'm sure there is
one that would be nice but that would
you know that would be nice have Jack
check PayPal it's broke rich would you
wanna stop and check the PayPal because
I don't know how that I don't know how
much it's on we haven't we haven't been
sent in a while so I'm assuming this
problem if the PayPal's broke that's the
PayPal's you know like are you are you
able to tip is the question are you able
to tip and and and it's not popping up
for us well why don't you hit X there
just reopen and reopen that which is
down yeah it's right there on top that's
the the real question is what huh it's
still no blast when I read let me let me
let me look at something may 5th if
you're
concerned how our people enjoying
watching this game I say I say in half
an hour let's switch it up I'm perfect
reach one oh shit yeah we could do some
rocket which makes for a terrible stream
mm-hmm but its second place remarkably
nice when we received this Cassy whoo oh
it's all anonymous there and you know
what it's not giving me times we've
received that in paypal are they have
they said whether or not they can tip
based on the fact that they're telling
us that there's a problem with paypal
makes me think that there's a problem
okay hold on checking a secondary source
checking secondary source now
pause pause for secondary source do did
a little loop dududu we gonna do that we
got to do a rockabilly challenge a
stream again I don't know if we have
anything to give away set to go right
now
are we gonna we got shit we got stuff we
could give away I'm sure I'm sure we got
stuff it's it's terrible it's absolutely
terrible but I've like I was doing some
spring cleaning with Karen coming in
with the GABAA going through like a lot
of my old stuff and throwing stuff out
mm-hmm I found two old copies of oranges
ah did you orange is the French of the
eggplant yes you know I've never seen
that oh it's terrible
are you saying you want to give away two
copies of oranges that somebody would
have to play for that all right I'm down
all right well then I'm signing into a
stream tip right now to make sure that
stream tip is working and yeah the last
one we got was from future famous person
so that just means PayPal's own that you
know there's nothing we can do about
that right now
oranges was a movie I made with Mike
years ago like a decade ago now more
than it more than a decade ago is but
over a decade like 2003 I'm sure I'm
sure people would love to play you in
rocket League for for a signed copy of
oranges than as the the new eggplant you
know all right gobbledygook says yeah
bucks looked at - all right now it's
working
yep looked at Deus Ex Metacritic score
is high it's hot on twitch right now and
it's a triple a thief esque stealth game
nothing else new coming out for weeks or
try DC Universe Online it's free you
fucks
ah yeah what are your thoughts on Deus
Ex I know I've never made them my I
never got around to it I don't know I
don't know okay fair enough
people say the the new one which is I
think is a reboot is good yeah I've
heard good things about this new human
Wars or whatever it's called yeah - says
are you going to do anything re nuki
it's amazing in its special way and
deserves more than being a shitty mean
this is entirely up to Jay Bowman
because he's the one with a whole new
key thing we got a plane with new key we
have an actual plan with new key and I
know this gets said a lot and I know a
lot of people assume that we're joking
when we say this but we just need a
couple more copies and I wish you would
take us seriously when we said that when
we say stuff like that I can make
popcorn that's fun
big old hammer hammer in lots of stuff
Anonymous's hey rich I want you to
picture this you're arriving at the
studio it's a cold Wisconsin morning and
the air is as crisp as the breath of
Santa you carefully unlock the studio
door and walk in
okay I pictured them well now what
motherfucker
now what Shan kids sama says dear ding
guy you don't actually have to talk
about VR every time I show it I'm just
pretending you have to like what I do
please do check out Technol astone only
2 dollars now because you talk mean to
me PS VR we did not like we knew we
about suck mean you in fact I mentioned
some games that I thought would work
well in VR you know what you know what
he was doing right there you know that
person was doing right there well they
were they were taking offense because we
made fun of a thing that they like what
which ties into the whole when we just
talked about VR yeah we did not make fun
of it well I said I wasn't interested in
it in fact I said you know what a
MechWarrior VR game would would probably
build some VR hype yeah and I'd be very
interested in that mm-hmm god damn it
god damn it I was making fun of it a
little bit but more to the point like
they you know they're they're taking
personal offense because we don't like
the thing they like because the things
we like are tied to what to to us maybe
maybe they shouldn't be don't don't
don't you take offense because we don't
like a thing you like
yes I know elite dangerous VR and that
would be neat in VR I can get it without
VR right now though it might add
something to it yes mine in here says
new ki VHS on eBay have become
impossible to find almost as expensive
as actual motion pictures Wow
I think J has gotten them all yeah yes I
don't know I believe it I believe it
intro strife in traverses do you hax
plan on playing star citizen on stream
in other words are you planning on
keeping prereq going until 2035 suck
macaque you glorious cosmic gods will
probably play at least a little bit of
star citizen I know nothing about it I
don't need that that's a rich game you
fly spaceships dad okay that sounds
great and and you can be like I think
you like what we said would be neat in
no man sky with the civilizations and
factions and being a pirate or having
jobs I think that's what star citizen is
and to some degree I haven't played much
of it like lead dangerous to you that we
played a little bit of lead dangerous
and it was too much for you you couldn't
handle the sim Eunice of it oh I think I
remember that yeah sorry Jen says hi
Jack and hi rich and Jack there are
movies that are so bad they're hilarious
do you know of any games that were bad
hilarious to you either unintentional or
intentional
for me it's Octodad and Raz evil six do
you want to stop now
you could stop now place embargo League
and we can answer the question
bad bad games that are fun oh I don't
think after dad's in that category
octave dad is deliberately awkward to
control well at others the same things
being bad or deliberately the bad
controls is the game yeah so like it's
perfect but it's purposefully bad any
any game that I've played that's just
been so bad you know like a bad movie is
bad I've never seen that that I've
enjoyed I've seen videos of big rigs on
the road racing uh-huh I've been
actually playing it would get old after
about two minutes yes so what do you do
what you done with us what are you done
with it a little bit John B 8:20 says
speaking of popcorn how many takes it
require for J to get the tossing of the
popcorn bowl just right well we only had
one take and it was it was somewhat
fucked up
does he have lines like right after and
he kind of like forgot the lines right
after the smash but we got the smash
okay good and then we cut in just like
like throwing the broken pieces of the
bowls like a cutaway right to go back to
his lines after that yes that's that is
exactly what you did mmm
unit 603 idiot yeah hey rich and Jake I
what adventure game do you want so I can
just buy it for you even even shitty
ones we all seem to have lots of fun
when you guys play them ever try any
ever try and LucasArts games LOL suck my
cock fork my cork I know the Lucas our
games are mostly point-and-click I don't
know they would make for an entertaining
stream with voices cuz it's fully voiced
but boys would find a grim fandago and I
like maniac mansion but
I mean that's almost like a hybrid
point-and-click slash parser game
because you know it's like you click on
like the words you want to do open sure
I mean I've never played maniac mansion
I've I've played approximately an hour
of maniac mansion when I was a kid and
and you know played it on the NES and I
said fuck this shit was great what not
fucking I love the shit out of maniac
mansion not necessarily my kind of thing
fuckin loved it but you know we could
try something like that or and I know
people really like their the tentacle
yeah something like that
voice Troy yeah 15 wisteria hey guys so
uh in your opinion do director slash
actors who star in Asylum films know
what they are getting into do they just
do it to get their name out there yes
asylum you can't not know what an asylum
film is at this point oh yeah
knowing at this point like it's people
who used to be famous right like I don't
why I don't think I've ever seen one I
think that like right now it's just
people who are desperately clinging on
and and so they're using what little
name recognition they have yeah but they
absolutely have to know what they're
getting into even if it wasn't an asylum
film if if something if someone like
reads a script or if someone has an
agent who's like there's this movie
called trans morphers yeah people go and
they know exactly what it is
right away absolutely Bob Lagarde says
absolutely got my hardcover graphic
novel of TMNT Batman today Freddie
Williams Illustrated well also you can
play games on console rich but you
choose PC people will choose VR all
titles will offer VR all right whatever
it's weird
hey we'll see how well it controls yes
this is literally just sent that today
I've been reading it right next to me
right now the hardcover collection of
Freddie Williams you
Batman meets the teenage Ninja Turtles
Howie I mean it's just it's right here
when he made that comment well thank you
I'm actually been reading it it's a
really how far in are ya oh okay it's a
fun read yeah it's fun that's a you know
it's a nice fanservice good Jeff more a
lot says my reading that right I never
know from reading those things right
okay what a lot s Mortal rot still want
to get rich front mission form but I
want to get Jack a game - would you like
Resident Evil 4 for Xbox one
it's stories can't be with bad action
movie dialogue and monster killing fun
what's what's the deal with your Xbox
one well we got the well we got the Xbox
one because I'm usually speaking the
console person what
I'm gonna get off of this okay let's
work done with this right yeah we're
totally done with this are we switching
regulators or something sugar yeah get
that going I'll go with them so
generally speaking on the console person
and you know we had we had and I said oh
we should really get an Xbox one so I
can play some of these Xbox one
exclusive titles and then about a week
after I got my Xbox one
Microsoft made the announcement are you
sure your board doesn't have a bluetooth
I'm sure yeah there might be a cord in
here somewhere so about a week after I
got my Xbox Microsoft started to
announce that practically anything
that's an Xbox one exclusive will also
be on the Windows 10 store yeah so
basically in validating my purchase and
now that I am building a PC and by the
way I started getting parts in today I'm
you know what I'm waiting on waiting on
that beautiful case and I'm waiting on
my motherboard I mean I know you showed
me the heartbeat monitor I rode my bike
so I did my pieces in today but here is
the heartbeat monitor that I will be
hooking up to myself while building the
PC so you people know when I am totally
freaking out about building the PC
so in any case what is probably going to
happen to that Xbox one is I'll just be
selling it be good to help pay for the
computer yeah and just to put back into
the prereq funds because I'm a dope I'm
a dopey dope and hindsight proves that I
am a big dopey dope yeah check in those
drawers we might I might have gotten
another big long table is that it yes oh
yeah that's great cool can we bribe rich
to freak
