Arkhaming that Knight DLC (Part 2)
January 6, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x1iEawU-0QI

thanks for saying I'm awesome or
somebody yep did you air your grievances
which grievances what Festivus oh did
you did you have your feats of strength
he snores that's a feat of string yeah I
do do we want to give it throw up the
spoiler warning and talk a little Star
Wars watcher warning warning
what are you so were spoiling why don't
why don't you start this next one and
star wars boilers start info to go empty
your lightsaber star wars spoilers
started five minutes once rich comes
back from the bathroom here hand me the
look on the controller thank you then
we'll talk about styles for anyone who
isn't up on the the max landis thing max
max landis is a calling ray from the
Star Wars a MarySue which is a character
inserted into an already established
franchise that is the best at everything
and everyone loves immediately and
they're calling who that ray and not the
Jedi dude Kyle oh yeah no because kylo
is not the best at everything okay
but Ray is is very good at things and
and everyone immediately likes her and
he and also Max has stated that he
doesn't believe that Ray had any
conflicts in the movie and that and so
that's the hope no spoilers in there so
I would like to specifically address
that and of course max who I like as a
person he's one of us is a very pedantic
fellow he just he likes to talk a lot
and as he and he's doling this out in
his YouTube videos which are kind of
unedited and just freeform he's cerebral
and just rude it's fuck vomit like this
is what I'm thinking that I'd like to
get these thoughts out and so you know I
agree with some of it I disagree with
some of it but that that's that's what
I'd like to talk about I think it's
possible that Ray is an attempt by the
studio to make sure that they passed the
Bechdel test to you know to shrug off
any possible attempts of saying that
Star Wars is just a voice things or to
appeal to a girl audience now we'll see
it may be that like the Marvel movies
they they have you know these
ass-kicking female characters and then
when it's time for the toys they
replaced them with male character that
did they do that with a black widow the
black widow that's right with with
Captain America their place with Captain
America
okay radius that we're about to we're
about to talk to Star Wars spoilers now
amazing to say about it it's Star Wars
you know still you know like it's it's
only a couple weeks old I'm pretty sure
I failed this already we had her we had
our big talk
we had a big talk I I want to talk
specifically about I'm just gonna that
okay specifically about Max's new thing
was he saying no because I'm not caught
up on this oh yo he just posted a video
and and he alluded to the fact that Ray
didn't didn't have any struggle there
was she looked to the fact that Ray had
no conflict in the movie and I'd like
obviously you know you might know about
that the whole Mary Sue thing I've
already talked about that I disagree
with that except for the piloting of the
Millenium Falcon which we talked about
this there's no reason she should be
able to fly the Millennium Falcon
whatever yeah but whatever but it's Star
Wars so it doesn't
well she knows how to fly stuff like
she's a salvager and a PI wave kind of
how is she waiting is she a pilot I
don't know I mean I guess she's supposed
to know this stuff that she flies things
but the whole character if she wants to
stay on the planet because she's waiting
for I assume her family to come back for
her right yeah so hey why would she
learn to fly when she wants to stay
that's a weird thing I figure it's just
something that everybody in that time
and place knows how to do like drive a
car I might not want to drive cross
country but I still know how to drive a
car cuz it's just something everybody ya
know it's kind of a rite of passage for
most humans learn how to drive a car
sure but they're like there's a
difference between like knowing how to
drive a car and being able to like don't
drive your way through a car battle but
she's a Jedi
she's got before all right and by the
way that's that's true
like it's it's the Star Wars universe
it's that kind of stuff doesn't matter
in that kind of movie right I take I
take issue with his new thing that she
had no conflict in the movie because I
do think she had a conflict in the movie
with what the guy that that's ripping
her off with the Russians
well no I mean like not just that but
like you know the whole the whole movie
is kind of about her embracing her
destiny or whatever right and you know
whether or not she wants to stay on the
planet or leave the planet and exactly
like Luke exactly exactly like whether
or not she whether whether or not it's
time to put off grieving for her family
exactly them up for dead and so oh okay
that didn't work I thought I hit the
button you know what you know what you
know all that matters to me what about
rain what eight year old girls I have a
hero who's not like a princess
that they can root for and idolize
uh-huh I think that's a positive thing
no matter how you look and I think it's
to some extent she exists for that or at
least she was made a woman for that
because you could have done this with a
male character doing that
and that's fine yeah oh it's it's all
fine and it's it's a fun action movie
and so that kind of stuff I don't think
really matters along with the home along
the lines of the whole Mary Sue thing it
doesn't really matter because it's
supposed to be a fun action movie and
the action is handled correctly
you know what's happening during the
action scenes it's not a Transformers
where it's all a horrible garbled mess I
must say I think it was your wife
uploaded a video at the airport I'm
assuming this is your way back on
vacation
oh yeah there's kids in the airport
playing with lightsabers someone was
like oh my god she think she's ready
boys I'm big in it I just saw a little
corner watered in some Mills that uh my
youngest has long hair so those were my
boys nothing
nope not letting you get away with that
and in all honesty I mean it's cool
having a female character but as a
little girl the fact that Lois male
Lucas male never stopped me from
attending Luke right oh no and you know
what we know plenty of little girls and
when they come over to our house they
play Star Wars and they're ray or
they're someone else or it doesn't
matter because they're just playing Star
Wars but now they have someone yet they
can be if they want to be and I think
that's a great thing
yeah and she kicks ass oh no she doesn't
need rescuing friend she's a she's a fun
character and it's a fun only that's all
that matters it's a fun fun movie the
guys trying to uh trying to take
advantage of her or something and she's
taking all their boats mm-hmm and if
your boy you can or a man you can watch
Mad Max where Mad Max kind of beats up
Shirley snow run a car so he can steal
her car yeah there's still things out
there for you there's still things in
Star Wars for you listen
the other hero the stories of
stormtrooper is it like Rey is great but
like there's a fighter pilot a
stormtrooper they're still Han Solo
they're still Luke there's still the
other movies there's still all other
movies in the existence of action movies
Luke it's barely a factor in this well
the original
Mad Max is the sidekick in his own film
that is so incorrect Mad Max is doing
exactly what Mad Max does in all of the
Mad Max films where he doesn't talk much
basically people are mad that a
character who was kind of kind of a
loner doesn't doesn't say much is
competent and he kicks ass and he gets
involved with other people's problems
that's Mad Max and people are upset in
fury road that Mad Max is a loner uh-huh
and then he doesn't talk much and he's
very competent of the things he does and
then he gets involved in other people's
problems that's what I see when I see
people bitching about Mad Max in Mad Max
fury road yes yes but those people are
idiots and so it's okay it's okay
because they just don't get it
he's clearly he's not the one who kills
I've drawn a blank on his fucking name
the bad guy the bad guy but I mean he
basically saves the day it's his plot to
go back and take out this you know take
over the Citadel yeah Oh mad man he's
the one blowing up a bunch of different
cars during that sequence and jumping
around yeah going on adventure no Mad
Max has one goal in the entire movie
which is to get out of there he doesn't
care about the Citadel he doesn't care
about Charlize Theron he just he happens
to be a kind of good guy and he does his
own thing like he always does in all of
his movies
which I wasn't complaining that he's the
sidekick but he is he helps furiosa
accomplish your story this is what Mad
Max though has done in all over the bad
max movies except for the first one the
guess but well that's like a difference
who even talks about the first one
everyone talks about road warrior and
Thunderdome no one even talks about the
first one anymore how much 3 times is
even having the first 100 guys this is
on the world almost as much as it
focuses on him that's right well I mean
you know what it's been so long I can't
even tell you I am not paying attention
I want you to know that rich there was a
big stink about no Ray figure in Star
Wars monopoly they have a point because
she's the protagonist was this game
released alongside the movie I believe
it's a I couldn't be wrong but I think
it's a force awakens monopoly set and
there's no ray in it there's a
kylo Ren there's a fin and then there's
a Luke and Darth Vader there's usually
had more than four figures on them I was
what I've seen I don't know I don't know
the whole story I've seen like a picture
and a board if if that is true if they
excluded Rey from that that that would
be incorrect
she is the star of that movie she should
be she should be in the monopoly set
let's see here guitar player four one
two three says generally I like
listening to max landis he's typically
got pretty interesting insights and
takes on movies but he isn't the goddamn
Pope of screenwriting and he is wrong
about Ray I think I think he's wrong
about right I agree I don't I don't
think that Ray is this Mary sight hair I
think he might be right that she's a
Mary Sue the thing is does it matter in
an adventure film right for all ages
right yeah no it does not one it does
not matter and
there's only one thing about her
character that cannot be explained which
is the flying of the Millennium Falcon
she's a great mechanic because she's a
scavenger and that's her backstory she's
she can fight because she lives on a
harsh planet with a bunch of assholes
that's part of her backstory there's no
goddamn reason that she can fly that
millennium falcon but i don't think that
makes her a Mary Sue and even if it does
it doesn't necessarily matter because
it's a fun adventure movie with aliens
and spacecrafts I mean is there anything
you can say about Rey that you can't say
the exact same thing about Luke
Skywalker in a new hope exactly does one
have to be female to be a Mary Sue
no no they sometimes if it's guy I think
they call like a Gary Stewart the the
the one difference is that this is a new
character in an established series so
for example you couldn't call you
couldn't call Luke Skywalker a Gary Stu
because he's well he's he's a new
character in a new series like the same
with like a Ellen Ripley from alien
right like that's a new series but
because Star Wars is an already
established series and you're inserting
a new character into that series that's
where the marriage suit comes from you
know you know who else is a Mary Sue who
James Bond that's the main character of
the whole thing as is Rey in the new
movie yeah yeah but I mean there are no
James Bond movies without James Bond
right so he's not inserted after after
the franchise
right and that's that's where this
conversation really started which is in
his new video he actually brought up
James Bond and he said James Bond has
conflict in his movies and he didn't
feel like Star Wars had he didn't feel
like Ray had enough conflict and I
definitely disagree with that
I've really enjoyed her conflict I
enjoyed her struggling with kind of Ren
and discovering godly Dukes and Juba D
Jews that Bojack says I was like to the
stream I need to hear it with my own
ears space cop disks still not in also
what hack company is manufacturing them
so I can make sure to never use them for
my own
I mean we're gonna give you the same
answer we always do which is it a base
camp is out tomorrow it's always out
tomorrow that's what we always tell you
I can tell you no more I'm sorry I'm
sorry that Bojack when they are
available for purchase you will hear
about it you will hear about they're
available just in the second the very
second that you can buy space cap you
will know about it ah gobbledygook
speaking of gobbledygook rich can we
hear a George Lucas voice say the
Charlie Rose interview quote I don't
know that I want to if you say something
my god yeah I sold Star Wars to the
white slavers that take these things and
they want to do a retro movie I don't
like that whole Star Wars - white
slavers where is he talking about what
he says that oh where the hell did he
get white slavers from George Lucas is a
crazy person I'm just gonna die again
I'm not I'm you know what we got talking
about Star Wars I'm no longer paying
attention to it so it's just like some
kind of weird race thing or is he just
saying he's you know he's just upset
that everyone likes this new Star Wars
movie and nobody liked his Star Wars
basically and he's a crybaby he's a
crybaby with billions of dollars he may
a decision of his own free will no to
sell a movie for which he was for which
decision he was adequately and possibly
possibly super adequately compensated
and now he's gonna cry about it
okay he's mad because they're succeeding
without him exactly our Miller wants to
know where this Luke is a Mary sued to
coming from did everyone forget how
dogshit awful he was at everything and
how long it took him to learn the fuck
what was he dog shit in a new hope yep
what is Luke dog shit awful you know
there were there was a training sequence
he's not all of it he's not shown to be
super competent and everything he does
right so great did that but he's not
particularly flawed except he's
reluctant to embrace his destiny but so
is ray yeah don't done it's the exact
same character urgh yeah I think that's
the point is it's the exact same story
yeah
and so but people are harshing on ray
because she's the new kid don't harsh on
Ray's buzz zo as far as Luke picking up
the Force quickly
was he out like like a couple days with
the Ordo and he can face Darth Vader yep
I want to two hours on the Falcon with
obi-wan Kenobi and you know a or two
with Yoda you're a Jedi Master Jedi
Master Jedi Master and that's bugged me
that's actually bugged me like in since
the day yeah that's always kind of been
like honestly may I mean maybe he had
some like ghosts training with obi-wan
he's got special juju maybe he had
special ghosts obi-wan training I
thought he's just supposed to have like
an amazing aptitude because he's good
because that's what those movies are
they're full of magic nonsense Luke got
his ass kicked several times I'm just
talking about isolating a new hope cuz
one movie of the new ones - yeah we
don't know that Ray's not gonna get her
butt kicked later she might be in
shambles by the end of the next movie we
don't know so Luke gets pushed around in
the cantina but not really he doesn't
really get his butt kicked I'm saying if
you compare Luke from a new hope to Rey
in the force awakens yeah there's
there's not much difference between them
and I think that is an accurate
statement in a new hope Luke isn't shown
to be as mechanically gifted as Reyes
you've got that right bud
Luke has shown to be an amazing or you
know Luke is an amazing pilot yeah
that's that's one of his character
things which they mentioned we talked
about that last time during their Star
Wars talk he he gets attacked by still
are they talking about like the trash
compactor when he almost dies from the
trash compactor is that him getting his
butt kicked I don't know ray doesn't
captured ray gets captured she's a
little torture thing she gets out of it
just like Luke got out of it the kind of
the same thing happens it's weird
Luke has to embrace that he's not going
to live out his life on the farm with
Aunt Polly and Uncle Joe or whatever and
Rey has to embrace yes to ask to come to
terms with the fact that she's not gonna
be reunited with her family and it's
time to go live her life yeah and not
she's not gonna be the junker scrapper
that she thought she was gonna it's the
same Luke has the thing where he has to
battle the TIE fighter pilots and you
know it's a scrape but he gets out of it
just like a new hope gets beat up by
Tuscans okay huh he gets beat up by the
Tuscans he doesn't get beat up by the
Tuscans okay great
okay so that's so he got he got hit in
the head by a Tuscan Raider look I don't
care about the Mary Sue thing as much as
everyone else right I really don't I'm
just saying that's a good point I like
if if you if you hate ray I don't know
why you don't also hate
cuz the characters are it's basically
just a ray is a gender swap Luke for the
most part yes so was there an instance
in the force awakens simple life desert
planet destined for greater things
doesn't want to embrace the destiny so
would you consider this almost more of a
remake than a sequel I I want to like
this is like a soft reboot absolutely
I'm trying to remember force awakens now
was there was there a moment in the
force awakens in which ray gets beat up
early on there's at least one moment
where she's attacked but she's not she'd
she kicks fast yes that's right that's
right yes Luke made a decision to run
out and save Leia on the Death Star and
Ben died because of it what happened to
Han was Hans own choice that would that
would mean more to me if they ever made
anything out of that like Luke had guilt
over this but he didn't it was never
really portrayed as being Luke's fault
that obi-wan died I think you are
reaching my friend yeah that's a reach
what happened I did wasn't suicide I
don't think he was expecting his son to
kill him he knew it was a possible risk
but I doubt he thought it was well well
I think I think the person in the chest
point was though that Han dies and this
one and then in the new hope obi-wan
died they're making comparison between
that and but they're saying that obi-wan
is kind of Luke's phone but it's never
really been portrayed that way so I
don't know if I can agree with that
assessment yeah Luke felt bad but then
he had to kill TIE fighters so he never
felt bad like it was his fault though
well he was sad that he died so yeah
sure he was sad that Han Solo died yeah
yeah they basically are the same
character if you hate ray why don't you
hate Luke because Ray wasn't beat up by
Tusken Raiders what did you think at him
damn it which is such a pivotal moment
at such a pivotal remember well you know
I get like if if we're gonna is
extrapolate right Luke was shown as
being pretty weak and pathetic right
like he whined a lot he was he like he
was like fixing the robots and just kind
of it he's just kind of a putz right
could you it was a whiny a whiny kid
came from who came from an overly
sheltered environment overprotective
relatives as opposed to Ray who was kind
of on her own
was he supposed to be whitey or is that
all on mark hamill how does that tell
mark hamill chose to play him yeah and
so and so you have this kid who who's
who's so like useless that he gets beat
up by a Tuscan Raider like with these
guys right dickheads
and then you know he kind of comes into
his own so I guess I can see that in
that sense ray is a different character
because she did have to grow up by
herself on a harsh planet but I think
Ray's ability to fight is part of the
character you know Ray's ray has
strengths because she had to grow up on
a harsh planet by herself and I like
that characterization so there are
definitely differences between Luke and
Ray but the story is in a whole lot of
ways an echo of the previous Oh in more
ways than that and only what
famine okay I hate this game rich ray is
loved by everybody that meets her at the
end of the day though I don't know that
matters
yeah it's Mary Sue agree sure I
definitely agree that the character has
some very sue is but at the end of the
day I don't know is that is that
important that's a good question just
being a new character and lacking
conflict make one a bad character
I certainly just conflict what makes a
character worth having yes I certainly
still like James Bond Sherlock Holmes is
a beloved figure yeah but but see I
think there is conflict in the movie I
think I I don't think that conflict
comes from people not liking her what
kylo Ren doesn't like her yeah I think
the conflict in her life is about making
the decision to Morna to to mourn her
family and to stop being in denial about
the fact that they're probably never
coming back and that she has to go on
and lead her own life and that her life
could no longer be about waiting for
them mm-hmm is there another conflict
that she has well I mean just surviving
right like she has to escape the aliens
she has to she has to get over it of she
has to get out from kylo ren's thing she
has to learn her for sness hold on
turkey burger is saying we need to read
his tips you're right turkey burger
sorry turkey burger too says Luke used a
mind trick at the beginning of Jedi
showing he had achieved the mastery that
obi-wan had in that obi-wan had in Star
Wars Ray teaches herself over the course
of five minutes because she's ready to
leave Mary Sue oh oh I can explain this
the force is bullshit the force is just
absolute bullshit the force is a magic
MacGuffin Micah yeah
this that the forces is abstract enough
that it can be whatever the director use
like having it be beside that's that's
kind of the force also I will I'll cite
difference in the times what's the last
time you've watched a new home it's been
a while it's a very slow movie older
movies are right like they they just
have a different pace this is a movie
that is now 140 years it's been since a
new hope 30 years closer to 40 at the
reporting time moviemaking has changed a
little bit so we can't expect the same
kind of pacing which I see as a plus for
force awakens I like the fast quick
funny pace it's not the same feeling as
a new hope it's more modern it's less
about interpersonal
bus like I could see how a die-hard Star
Wars fan it took Luke three movies to
obtain the power that ray shows in half
of one sure okay turkey burger two also
says read my first it but I did ray
force grabs a lightsaber from the snow
as well things that were used to things
that were used to show Luke's growth
over the entire series rate as in one
film also perfect pilot engineer well
yeah and I already talked about that her
all of her mechanical skills are well
explained in the story she has to
salvage she knows how to take apart and
put together ship that and I agree that
her piloting skills are bullshit
absolute bullshit I don't think that I I
really liked her learning the force
stuff because all of her force stuff was
very reactionary it was all stuff
happening to her and it was almost a
defense mechanism and I really liked
that I liked how they showed that and
like I said pacing times are different
times they are changing it took Luke
three three movies to get through to get
his powers but we know what those powers
our do you really want to watch three
more movies
you already know what happened we have
to move on from the story yeah watch you
know all three we're watching all okay
maybe in some ways we're watching not a
retread of the new hope but a retread of
all three movies a reboot of all three
movies rolled into one and then we're
going to get on to whatever happens next
yes but I do think that's a fair point
and I guess I could see how if you're a
die-hard Star Wars fan you know what's
happening is is you see this new movie
you say this is different this is
different from the Star Wars because
it's made 40 years later and we already
have those Star Wars yeah it's a sequel
and I think but then people are also
bitching though because it's the same
huh and we're also bitching though
because it's because it's too much the
same and you know that's a fine that's a
fine Bal it's a fine balance but I do
think it needs to it needs to be paced
like a modern movie because it's a
modern movie well they're gonna they're
taking one movie to retell retell in a
slightly different fashion what happened
to Luke in the first three hopefully and
then hopefully they're gonna cook
somewhere else with it and the next one
I that's gonna be the real telling thing
is what they do at the next movie that's
going to be really telling that's right
I don't have detective mode
force is essentially playing with itself
I love those sugar skulls I'm that way
right you want the force is essentially
playing with itself the force is playing
with itself yeah
what do you mean I'm just it's one force
with two sides to it right yeah the
guides your actions sure we watch the
movie with my family the Star Wars and
I'm watching that that last fight
between kylo Ren and rabe yeah and
they're fighting each other with swords
yeah and you know ray gathers the
strength to win in the end when kylo
says something about the force and she
realizes oh she needs to use the force
yeah and at that point I thought well
it's not really ready fighting so much
is the force fighting through Rey yet
the force is also fighting through kylo
Ren and essentially the force is playing
with itself always horrible struggles
that the galaxy is undergone because of
the force is all because the force is
just fucking around so you're saying
that the people who are giving
themselves over to the dark side have no
agency yeah it seems that way if you're
if you're letting the force guide your
actions and you need the force for your
strength and force behind everything I
don't think the force has this much
personality it's it's the force isn't
magical McGuffin that can do whatever
the writers say it can do now I've never
really liked the concept behind the
force I know I know this is your place
a Star Trek I know this is a stealth
section but I'm bored and that we're
talking about Star Wars so just let me
try I'm just trying to have something
happen on the screen while we're having
a Star Wars discussion the force it you
know I'm gonna change your thing yeah
yeah I changed my thing why do I get all
a game options probably right
okay let's see here the dude 1944 says I
was a little annoyed when Ray used the
mind trick not because it was too soon
but because they didn't bother to
reestablish the mind trick as a thing we
never see ray observe the mind
everything everybody watching that movie
knows one everybody watching that movie
knows but to kylo Ren is reaching for it
right
kylo Ren is is trying to grab the
lightsaber and at that point ray has
already the Ray has already like learned
that kylo Ren knows what he's doing and
so it's watching Kyle oh and she sees
she she's putting two and two together
is there anybody alive who hasn't seen a
new hope and what do they think of this
movie that's a that's a fair question is
like is there anyone who's watching the
force awakens as their first Star Wars
movie that would be an interesting an
interesting thing
the mind trick what mind trick oh you
mean like where they put their hand up
to their head oh we're like when kylo
Ren was reading her thoughts you don't
want to do that oh yeah I'm going oh
yeah oh yeah dude when does race see
that she I don't think she does no no no
she gets the idea because he's trying to
read her thoughts but he's not hurt
she's not reading thoughts on the point
she's changing them ya know what nobody
says like you're gonna tell me or
something I'm gonna make you tell me I
mean he at some point he tells her in
some fashion that he can make her do
what he wants with his mind ya know and
there was a setup for that there was a
setup
what was the setup was that way was she
did she was she with kylo Ren before or
after she had the lightsaber visions
after she had the lightsaber visions
before she was taken prisoner and then
kylo Ren was she she has the visions
before she's taken prison yeah yeah was
it wasn't the mind trick set up in those
visions somewhere the you know the the
you will do this might remind Rick I
want to say that was set up somewhere I
I think it was set up when he was
interrogating her or attempting to
something yeah it was that was set up I
well I guess or I just know the trick
and so I felt like this set up I do want
everything that's you know the trick and
you felt like it was set up it could be
that wasn't set up
I feel just the you know it's one of
those things internally it doesn't make
any sense you wouldn't know that but
it's kind of thing the audience already
knows I here's the thing I will I will
absolutely believe that I cannot
remember for sure but I feel like it was
set up cuz I'm in no way saying it's a
perfect movie oh god no no no I think it
is in a in a position that a lot of
movies are ten where it can assume that
99% of its audience is familiar with a
whole lot of concepts in it sure I don't
know I'm just gonna I guess I'm just
gonna have to rewatch
starwars that's the thing oh you can't
use detective yeah but that red triangle
guys I believe the guy who's blocking it
oh I get it I can't wait to do it oh
wait ragged scribe says he's seen it
three he or she has seen it three times
it is set up ragged scribe where is it
set up do you tell me cuz I wanna i I
feel like it is and you guys know I have
a superpower when it comes to movies
where I I know what's happening at all
times
it's set up in the interrogation scene
ohdid right I maybe maybe that's what
Karen was saying right is like kylo
tried to be like you will tell me yeah
what is happening oh maybe that's it
the question is was it set up that you
can control someone with the force
before ray tried to do it on the
stormtrooper and furthermore was it set
up for Ray right was the set up in the
movie and was it said like was did ray
see maybe Ray just watched episode 4
maybe this is true now Ray Ray seems to
have an awareness of who Luke Skywalker
is yeah so ray may have some knowledge
of how Jedi's work and of that religion
and stuff that is outside of anything
happening in the movie yes and I know
it's it's all like it's all like who
cares because because again it's a Star
Wars movie but here we are nerds
nitpicking over Star Wars movies so
that's what's gonna happen I want to say
during the interrogation scene kylo Ren
did one of those you will tell me what
and maybe and you know she could feel
that she was reacting to that she could
feel that he was trying to control her
mind so she picked up on that she can do
that but oh pardon me oh and tiny turned
up says that he's seen it three hundred
and fifty thousand times and it was not
set up
it doesn't matter it doesn't really
matter how many TVs was he watching it
on at once
he was watching he had 50 TVs each with
its own bootleg copy because it's not
out yet I just burped I'm sorry for
barbing don't you lie to me
why are you able to see people through
walls just Batman but that's Robin it's
more like Superman yeah it's detective
vision because Robins also a detective
you don't want to fear multi take them I
feel so cheap the McDonald's clips that
aren't McDonald's cups I couldn't do it
he saw me oh I'm gonna do this perfect
fuckin stolen I like the jacks off do
you see a jack in the movie tiny turnip
says I saw it on 12 laptops and three
satellite dishes yes
Nia Breen style Superman isn't Mary Sue
you're right
Oh
makes light as a Superman fan how would
he respond to that because that's ploy
well but Superman is and in Superman is
a new thing he's not a new character
inserted into an established franchise
so he can't be a Mary Sue and Superman
has kryptonite and he has conflicts NES
conflicts ray also has conflicts
apparently her conflicts aren't aren't
good enough for p.m. that's fine
her conflicts are eternal she doesn't
have conflicts with other characters
yeah
new game a new conversation yeah we've
been on we've been on the Star Wars
thing a little too long I'm gonna I'm
gonna put this out here and the Star
Wars spoilers now we are no longer gonna
talk about Star Wars spoilers or when
somebody well you know what we'll talk
about something new we'll talk about
something new did everyone see the space
cop trailer the final Space Camp trailer
soived
so every night
well talk about ash vs. Evil Dead when
Jack has seen the rest of it wasn't I'm
not caught up I'm sorry I had that
watched movies I made a terrible
decision I watched Jurassic world I'm
sorry in that time I could have been
watching ash versus the Evil Dead but I
wanted to see Jurassic world instead and
I made a mistake and I'm sorry it's not
completely reprehensible but it is
disappointing it's just boring yeah it's
just it's just boring yeah I watched
Jessica Jones Jessica Jones great it has
a slow start but if you can get like if
you can get three four episodes in it's
good the whole the whole thing
altogether is really good first couple
episodes are a little hit or miss but uh
the whole thing together is really good
once once you start getting to David
Tennant town then it starts getting good
Jurassic drastic world better or worse
than Tammy and the t-rex ooh I found
Tammy into t-rex to be more entertaining
than Jurassic world this is the children
show Tammy and the t-rex is a is a
extremely cheap moving extremely cheap
extremely cool Walker's brain gets
transported to an animatronic dinosaur
and Denise Richards is his girlfriend
it's like it was super cheesy one night
late nineties movie I'll give him credit
I haven't seen it I'll give him credit
anyone with a low budget trying to do
animatronic dinosaur brains so I was
more entertained by taming the t-rex and
it was by Jurassic world
and shit no Tiberius Kirk Jessica Jones
comes together at the end
it starts off weak but it comes together
at the end like I didn't you know I
didn't enjoy it as much as daredevil
daredevil I think is a far better show
but I think it's a fine fine show the
but Gotham you watch tell you that I I
could watch that a couple episodes and
was really bored just a dickhead which I
know he's supposed to be but it's like I
don't want to watch this guy I know
guitar player four one two three I know
it's time for fuck you it's January but
there is there any chance there will be
a half in the bag for hateful eight or
revenant I really like the former and
want to hear thoughts on it on the
ladder I mean anything's possible
if that's microjet I don't know what
it's like I don't know what their plans
are that's a micro J question which and
I don't we not only are we not involved
in those decisions they try not to tell
us anything they try to keep us out of
the loop and you guys are living in
Milwaukee so weather will be a factor
eating hot chocolate and marshmallows
yep is this samurai jacked up what's at
the samurai Jack talk I love Samurai
Jack are they talking about that you
know there's constant rumors popping up
about like remaking Samurai Jack and
whatnot or new episodes I love that show
did you ever watch Samurai Jack
no I didn't Tom it was a great show oh
this is a really important question from
mr. Vince rich yeah is space cop force
sensitive okay face office is completely
insensitive is insensitive to all forces
gravity graphic gravity compassion
hunger no I like the garbage peek around
corners the garbage is like the best
part of this game they did a really good
job in the garbage now you know urban
vermin I constantly think about that I
know like every once in a while Jay and
Mike will throw up a video on the
patreon that it's like only viewable to
patreon viewers and I'm not a patreon
contributors so I never get to see those
videos and every once in a while I have
to ask Jay if any videos came up
what what hell is gate a sugar skull
factory okay
it's a sugar skull seemed off like
cutesy for health gay you know they're
making sure souls you can see them on
the machinery I mean there might be
bombs inside of them or something but
they're definitely sugar skulls Lucy and
Corvin I agree I think killgrave and
more importantly David Tennant as
killgrave is great and you just want to
see more of him it's it's always nice to
have a good villain
in a show in a hero show it's always you
know having a good villain is how many
memorable heroes don't have any
memorable villains right right
does the villain make the hero possibly
definitely sometimes literally sometimes
literally I am your father Luke what hey
I said no more star wars splits oh come
on that movie came out ha ha ha
25 years ago I didn't just save no force
awakens spoilers I said no Star Wars
spoilers okay get with it exactly yeah
you're pointing out like the flash and
the Green Arrow don't have great
villains and they're it's like c-grade
heroes no well how about daredevil does
he have a memorable hero in the Netflix
show he has kingpin everyone agrees that
kingpin was great except for a rich
there's okay who's dumb rich is a big
joke ins not bad that's your opinion
I can't change it no no you can
who is the hero in the Little Mermaid
hmm would you really call Ariel a
memorable hero that's a good question
and is she the hero or is Sebastian the
crab the real hero because he puts aside
his own ego it's a call for help when
Ariel needs it most
fuck you and the horse you rode in on
that's fair
you know what is fair again when you've
got conflict the hero is the conflict
isn't always between a person and
another person so Ariel's conflicts and
some some of Ariel's conflicts are
internal that's right that's true that's
true all right thank you for totally
jumping to the wrong platform you can
change his opinion with the Jedi mind
trick yes I'll try that right now rich
kingpin is a great film No hold on I
need to practice again rich kingpin is a
great villain they don't think the force
is strong enough in you Jack I don't
think I'm forcing I don't think that
works on the weak will I'm too stupid to
change my opinion you see I know
chantix 20 is that true Adult Swim is
producing a new season of Samurai Jack
that would be great that would be great
I know I should run away I just don't
feel like it Jen I just don't feel like
it any other game you could play yes we
have other games that we can pluck oh
that's new here's a charge thing
it's Robin man he's not Batman memento
had no hero or villain that's true
because that was not a hero's tale let's
bring this out is this gonna be Robins
only level no it'll be a BB a fight
they'll be one fight sometimes the most
memorable hero is also most i memorable
villains is also the hero I'm thinking
of like Natural Born Killers
you're certainly villainous oh sorry
yeah well listen apparently our our
steam stream tipalert ER is not alerting
us yeah I have noticed I don't know why
oh I figured it out why because there's
no speakers on that Oh as far as playing
through the TV very sorry for missing
all of your stream tips Jack rich this
game sucks play star wars the force
unleashed now this is what we're playing
right now sorry and I also didn't read
your life's most really sorry anonymous
gutter stars says Jack favorite Mario
Kart track may or may not be playing
Mario Kart 7 right now due to seeing
your stream earlier today Mario Kart is
of course fantastic
we have to just have to be the favorite
track from 7:00 which I haven't played
or just mariokart levels in general in
general I think the person who was
currently playing Mario Kart 7 would
like the favorite course in Mario Kart 7
but like I didn't say you can just say
your favorite one in general and Jo I
like in the Tendo 64 the Rainbow Road
it's just so pretty
yeah did Marty McFly have a great
nemesis his greatest enemy was time and
causality itself that's a fine villain
that's that's a fine Biff isn't it I
don't I don't know that I would call
Marty McFly a hero myth
would you come villain rico bethe like a
great nemesis yes relief he's like
that's what makes him great is he's just
a big dumb Oh meat meat slab he's a meat
slab not saying he's a complicated
villain but he's a good villain he's a
meat slab who almost raped his mom
Edward Jellico male gigolo says no Jack
mind tricks don't work on rich only
money
ergo ergo because he tipped rich you
need to read you need to read this which
says kingpin is a great villain how much
neat tip he tipped $5 kingpin is a great
villain in the comic books I love that
comic book kingpin
let the lesson be next time be more
specific
thank you Edward Jellico for trying
every every everyone knows that he's a
great villain and he's named after
bowling stuff and who doesn't like
bowling it's also a great villain in
ultimate spider-man and loved I loved
him and spider-man and those early comic
in the early comic run of that student
91 says hey guys just want to say thank
you for the many hours of enjoyment that
prereq and rlm has given me over the
last three
for years you guys are great well thank
you Stu for watching we do appreciate it
Edward Jellico says he got he got rich
rekt absolutely I don't know I like
going back to back because you I really
like Biff as like I mean obviously
though like the real villain is the
circumstance that Marty's that Marty's
in Oh looking at a guy's dick huh all
right I'm not that's oh you're under the
vent I was like why are you so close to
that guy you can't see you but I like
Biff as the as the big dumb meat slam
and I love Biff through the ages old old
Donald Trump if it's great
cowboy Biff Biff that washes the car
it's all great I'm just hanging out why
you know play West urato double-barreled
yeah we kind of gave up on West urato we
both liked it all those things you can't
recreate that yeah that was a good night
that was a good night
but and you know what like I really just
I'm not compelled to play that game
anymore
it's fun game t sorry that's a good
question it's he started saying why do
people like these Batman games so much
they're tedium defined these DLC packs
are exactly tedium defined the game
itself has some really good features and
I think it's still riding a lot of
momentum from the goodwill brought upon
it by people like being Batman or Robin
I forgot how absurd of nice well Arkham
Asylum was a really fun game with a good
game I forgot how to detonate thanks oh
I'm sorry
just the the room is that there and and
what not having some interesting
features yeah to them for graphics oh
it's just one of those things where
people like being be a man I don't see
the first three Arkham games were good I
actually like origins people shit on it
that's fine yeah you said the boss
battles were great in origin boss medals
are the best in the series I still
haven't gotten to that one
I've almost beaten to silent I've almost
beaten Asylum now that's my you know the
real Vienna
I keep hearing great things about
dishonored and rich I know I should
Richard sooner or later a be in the mood
and rich doesn't want to stream it
because he wants to learn it first and
so he needs to be in the mood to learn
it first and then stream it and it's a
whole thing
it's the dishonored is a whole thing I
wish to enjoy it without an audience
yeah and I think that's fair that's -
that is fair jack says collecting data
I got Binding of Isaac rebirth for
Christmas and it's awesome goddamn right
it is I have not played much of
afterbirth mostly because it has yet to
come out for the Vita oh my god he
sprays in rl3 okay he sprays they change
these things for Robin it's not worse
than Batman's spring a bad somebody it's
a - Jay Lucy and Corvin Jack rich will
we see any more undertale at some point
maybe I maybe will finish it it's it's
fun game I've enjoyed the little bits
that we've played so far
but I replaced I've had I've taken a
little break from binding of issac and
I've replaced it with nuclear throne
which recently came to the Vita and is
just one of the hardest games I've ever
played balls hard I streamed it a long
long time ago on the PC and it came to
Vita and it is so balls hard I like I'm
20 hours into it I'm not even close
which may or may not be a good thing
don't know what I'm supposed to do Jack
no idea what I'm supposed to do I don't
know if I go you have a beautiful shield
yeah I'm just you know yes I do I'm
surprised
since some badass tightrope-walking
skills he is an accurate oh no no you're
he's not an acrobat
this isn't Dick Grayson this is this is
Tim Tim the new one Tim Drake Tim Drake
was it now so that Damian twerp yeah
Damian's the new Robin the son of Batman
the last name is Drake shouldn't be like
a duck the duck you know I don't think
that'll work
I know that as Batman sidekick there's a
whole there's a whole Batman thing going
on well you guys chase me then oh
there's something called Red Robin I
don't know anything about it that's they
give you unlimited french fries and
their burgers are mediocre but I'm never
eating one of those either Wow oh and
apparently Damian's dead wait i knows
what happens in the comic books little
Bruce Wayne have a son in the comics yes
Damian Wayne Damian yes yeah who's Robin
apparently for a little bit and is now
dead maybe in one comic but probably not
in other comics who knows Damian Wayne
is the child of Bruce Wayne and a
horrible terrorist woman that wants to
murder everybody yep because Batman has
low standards when it comes to women but
he's kind of fun and Gotham Academy
everything that she's very attractive
her father also wants to murder
everybody and she helps yeah no no as is
the worst pairing for Batman like ever
I like Talia I would if I were Batman I
would pick Talia Catwoman all the way I
picked I'll you know I never made sense
for it to me like Batman not taking over
the league take over the league and make
them do all the work that you want to do
instead
you're going to fight them endlessly
when you had the opportunity to take
them over and make them work for you
that was the dumbest decision Batman
ever made nipples in the baths that was
a phase he was going through phase he
was experimenting
he was so sexually frustrated because he
didn't have Thalia anymore that he
wanted to express himself so what do I
do jack what what am I supposed to do I
do
where are you supposed to go I gotta
take these guys out with us like three
remote oh wait oh no no it would be
orange if I could do something clever
yeah so you can blow up a wall and get
one mm-hmm and do you have your fear
takedown no I don't well I do
oh just use it I know you don't like to
just use it just use to say what you
want about taya Catwoman doesn't want to
destroy the world I get that but Talia
also wouldn't want to destroy the world
if Batman had taken over the League of
Assassins and he said okay we're now
we're gonna worry about destroying the
world anymore we're just gonna help
people and then the League of Assassins
would have listened to him because he'd
be the leader he be Raj oh I gotta be
looking at it now that's so weird
you know every once in a while I think
about watching that Halle Berry Catwoman
movie github or don't you know just stay
there and died don't jump up safety here
Jack what what I don't want to play it
either
I dropped the controller over next to
you oh listen I know they don't I know
that the League of Assassins doesn't
want to help people but if they're Ra's
al Ghul is telling them they have to
help people now they'll listen and like
what's the worst that they would do all
quit and not be assassins anymore
oh darn then Batman wins it's a win-win
if you take over the League of Assassins
it might have a point yeah yeah I
fucking know I got a point unless they
all just scatter
yeah but then they're not organized true
then it's way easier to take them out
all right how did you get down that vent
there's a vent up in the top area that
goes
shahrukh and remote hacking device boom
one at a time huh one at a time what'd
you do one at a time
oh it's dumb
so I guess you do this one then why are
these dickheads now
where are they
the one I think you have to take out
with explosive gel come back up
deactivate the one in the far back huh
then do the fear of Turk down start with
a guy that's pacing back and forth
uh-huh and then to go to the other guy
that's in front of the other - that
would be shooting at you
pterence mm-hmm kuranes popping balloons
again okay she don't care about no Talia
al Ghul she don't care about her it's
how yeah this is this is very important
Talia al Ghul talk oh you're out of the
tall you loop
she's the genocide or mass murderer that
Batman banged and had an illegitimate
child with yeah why God didn't she do
boom into having that child I don't know
I think there's him do which in which
version of DC's timeline exactly I mean
yes having a child a love child with a
homicidal maniac or the father of one or
something is probably a bad idea in
general probably mostly no we don't like
to deal in absolutes but yeah
I think she knocked him unconscious and
raped him oh that's nice well at least
he didn't willingly do it Karen they
want to know how the squirrel comics
Squirrel Girl comics are going well I
actually still need to pick up volume to
be trade paperbacks oh I've only read
like the first five what I like I like
Squirrel Girl I've been reading some I
like Squirrel Girl I've been reading
some Gotham Academy and some giant days
well the hellos Gotham Academy it's it's
like a private boarding school for
Batman universe children including
Damian okay and you just had it you
don't think they're for fun kids
oh so that doesn't work and I'm still
reading trees and the beauty is good
there's like a worldwide in fact
infectious plague that makes people
attractive and it's sexually transmitted
and lots of people are in a big hurry to
go get it until it starts killing people
huh so that's what's coming obvious
there's got to be a downside where would
where would that be the point okay so we
know how to take down redeemable I have
not read our damnable I haven't even
really heard of it they want us to play
rocket League or that bomb game but yeah
I recommend trees there's like these
it's it's like kind of a hard sci-fi the
trees are these cylindrical alien ships
that have landed on earth and ten years
later they still haven't said anything
but they they seem to be activating and
they're trying to figure out what
they're going to do and what it means
for people
yeah Damien hasn't died yet and the ones
I've read yet I have attended to see a
lot of the comic books of all I either
either picked them up in trade paperback
like if I really like them a lot of
things I'll pick them up monthly but
because they drop after a couple months
I'm content to be a couple months behind
and to pick them up after the fact oh
yeah I always preferred trades
I love trades
they want to know if you guys have
played hockey rocket League yet yeah
sounds kind of fun I think it's done
with isn't hockey rocket League there
for the holidays they had like a hockey
puck at an ice rink oh I didn't do that
blood-borne is that a game or a set a
comic book
that's a game great game he was just in
here I like the background the items I
mean the attention to detail the
paintings and and the garbage in this
game here it's just kind of oh I can
block the bullets from mitre with my
bullet shield I already talked about the
bullet shield can you take a guy down
though while using the blunt probably
none you probably have we probably have
to figure out a way to take out that
middle guy and then disable the one and
do the other thing with the other one I
am in a new area in blood-borne that I'm
really liking
but we've been playing a lot of
blood-borne
we've been playing a lot of love born
and you know I know we all love
blood-borne a lot of people asking for
it varjak no you know I don't think
they'll care if you play it I know
nobody is liking this yeah you know I
know
including me and you shouldn't like this
this is bad Tara might think the monster
is a blood-borne or neat I think you can
richest joined the site of people who
think anything but this yeah I'm just
gonna give this one more try take out
that bullet shield see what happens
candy crush no no candy crush I have
never played candy crush and I never
will cuz I know I would be like obsessed
with it and addicted to it just not go
there hey what I I had fuck okay we're
gonna play fuck you game I had that boat
shield out and then it said you know tap
fire to to throw a shuriken so I thought
I'd throw it while holding the boat
shield but apparently that made my boat
she'll disappear oh and I died I'm sorry
I'm just gonna play co-op board you're
on level seven hundred just candy crush
have survived hundred levels of god I
hope not
I know I got shot I figured out that I
got shot I rich go over to your OBS okay
okay everything is gonna be alright
everybody so down Aris go get a tiny
beer and put blood-borne in well the
chick still there but well there now it
sunshine right click like 18 times we'll
be right back
yeah yeah hang out for one second that's
fine that's fine fill the air sounds
like I was like freedom well I'm up here
sing rich as if rich didn't know and I'm
on vacation this week which is always
good getting paid not to work it's
definitely a plus and I wonder if my dog
thinks I'm dead because last time I was
away for a week that came home and he
just about lost his shit he thinks
you're dead yeah well we had lost our
other dog we had two dogs and now we
have one we had lost our other dog a few
weeks before that and then I went away
for a week and I came home when he was
like oh we should have like pretended
that I was like you know away in Iraq
and then just like pretended that this
was a video of some dog being welcoming
home a soldier maybe I could have
dressed up and then I would have been
like a youtube sensation and then I'm
gonna do a big scandal when everybody
figured out that I'm not a in the
military book all time oh god he took
his guy to the galaxy is up there I
really liked all quiet in the Western
Front which is seriously ancient 1984
which is also seriously ancient I really
enjoyed disenchanted by a Robert cruzi
or Crozier I can never remember I always
say
through the ear the eye and the arm I'm
really looking forward to the sometime
this year the there's Peregrine's Home
for peculiar children which is kind of
like an orphanage for people with
magical powers that's coming out asthma
devices you in use by an other
application don't you fucking do this
don't you fucking do this again well we
know what we know what cures it
