Bonds, Sonny Bonds (Police Quest 2 part 4)
March 2, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=APc2B-HbByQ

okay do you need your sure you're on it
already I just want to know which one's
the right car that's that that's a lot
one oh I'm suing this is this red one
you got the kit yeah I would also assume
it's the red one use camera camera
fingerprint brush okay we didn't get any
points for that
not worth processing you think
we're because they found the car right
yeah one of these is the jailers car
maybe it's the blue one but that was
such a comical what a nice car stuff you
know that seems weird
fine-looking machine you'll find
anything interesting I don't want to
open my car door
did you try you the fingerprint thing
again all right all right all right okay
try the fingerprint thing on the blue
car
processing
plastic bag casting casting plaster why
would you need that I don't know I think
I've been prouder finger brush
fingerprint tape hold on let me look at
some procedure here yeah yeah
all right let's see here homicide
investigation procedures perhaps well
some homicide detective must have reason
to believe a crime has been committed by
one or more of the following personal
observation statements from a witness or
conclusive or circumstantial evidence
now Oh a chat is saying it is the blue
Corvette by the way okay
did you radio that where you were here
you look but it doesn't hold your
interest that's why you're here oh yeah
it's open that door the other door what
nothing they only drew one picture
that's annoying
they only drew one picture that's not
that's a little annoying that isn't Oh
Ciara
search car yeah yeah that's fine okay
look under seat glovebox
yep okay okay okay okay I look in the
glove compartment and see boots an empty
holster and guy registration Oh
done done to confirming the name Louie
paint lousy French name I returned to
the glove box awesome
well let's look at holster I look at the
empty holster and ponder the whereabouts
of the gun I've retained it for evidence
boom what bullets put holster in bag
then why would I want to put you know
what that's just a suggestion that you
put the evidence in the evidence bag I'm
just gonna hold it with my hands and my
fingers with all of my my sticky
fingerprints you know I was just eating
Cheetos another orange fingerprints for
me all over this holster bright orange
fingerprints from me
I'm just bearing it all around because
I'm holding it in my hand
my hands are really sweaty - this can't
be good Freddy pre-existing fingerprints
that were on the holster did you did you
dust the holster did you powder the
holster rich that was next yeah give it
time
doesn't type yeah looking at the
ammunition over I think hmm three rounds
of 38 caliber better hang on to these
down for evidence for ever done past 38
caliber you know there's that decide you
know it's not 50
I can't imagine you would have a 50
caliber handgun hey what else is there
to do look at box again did you pow
fingerprint the box we looked through
the registration all right pose about is
there a procedure for crying just
general crime scene investigation don't
think so use powder add box carefully
you apply the dust and mumbling to
yourself this print is too smudged to
take oh yeah yeah well it is get is
coated with cheeto dust now it probably
did that help Hey look at kit what's it
well this is my kid plastic baggie
baggie camera use camera I want to be a
good police officer I take a picture and
return the camera to my field kit there
is um there's felony arrest procedures
and homicide investigation procedures
homicide investigation okay Oh kind of
sound we got a beat be to be because we
got some evidence now yep Lowe's box not
sure close yeah box not sure
finding nothing my mistakes tell me
we're not done well we found we found
some holster and some bullets and we we
messed up a fingerprint thing but that's
fine
oh the jailors empty gun holster you
have no no I have no reason to put him
in since Becky would just be insane
you've already touched it rich the
registration automatically went back in
so I'll try it again oh oh I don't think
we need to get that yeah well he puts it
back all right jack what do you got what
do you got
I do you think we're done believe we got
two pieces of evidence we haven't been
able to fingerprint anything which is
the only other thing we have we're safe
we're saying oh they're saying look at
it look at what the registration did
that open the box what's it what's in
the box
okay that's it that's the same thing we
do that three times okay
no just yeah they're double-checking now
you know what that's a fine thing try to
try to powder knowledge junkie says
powder door handle gearshift center
console yeah nope I'm doubting central
console yeah you already tried okay okay
that's all right you're fine you're fine
great I'd like to swab something I
honestly don't know anything about this
game powder you're behind castor plaster
foot fingerprint no I mean an eyedropper
I don't you know no I think we're fine
use oh yeah there's some of them oh
maybe an eyewitness very slowly now
looks like looks like brains may take
another car those ladies and their cars
were stolen because I stole her car I
want back on somebody else told car as
amazing coincidence I'm saying they like
to happen for my life I've very honest
questions ask her because now you're
calm talk to Nene what am I gonna do now
my husband is gonna kill me when he
finds out that the car was stolen
I'm not supposed to be the mole oh yes
it's 1986 Compaq Chevy station wagon
it's black and the license numbers of it
zero three five no right C's CO or C
zero
maybe C's o co3 five and it's the Compaq
Chevy come packed sure there O's are a
bit more round II that's definitely a
zero you think that's a zero I think
that's a zero we put the look at the
look at the o' in ho' usually I can O
has or a zero has like little lines look
at the oh oh okay oh Adria yeah C zero
three five is count thanks sherry onus
oh I can't remember
I would love to remember more but I was
I was in my I was in a spin class he
will we ride on a little bicycle for a
little bit oh I don't like it but my
instructor has such a nice behind I like
watching it bounce she's lady oh I think
of mare Sonny yeah you're not your
worker up for it why that I criminally
put in jail after shooting them in the
stomach probably wants you good I want
you dead
what's he doing with that lady I'm gonna
do you think I'm gonna do them massacre
what she thinks of my new hair gel
product it's made from 100% beet juice
I call it beet juice I just put it in my
hair
it attracts bees then the breeze leave
their pollen makes here all nice shiny
adverse side effects and a bee pollen
beet juice cuz I don't know if I would
love bees in my hair alright there's all
I got okay that's all I got it was Keith
he's off smoking a joint
let's be honest great save all right we
got it
oh I know we need to when you when you
yell with Don just move the mic oh there
we go that's a perfect perfect timing
good idea it's a perfect timing it's
time to stand up time to stand up
everybody it's about an hour we do at
you're tracking crime and all's stand up
criminals
we're tracking a criminal we're gonna
get them criminals in crime and I was
pretending to be crocodiles okay I got
water
yep
stand him up
okay good by the way last room someone
was asking if we got a big thing of
cashews that you sent and we did and
I've just had a cashew snack thank you
for sending that those are great great
for a little a little pickup
I don't know if J has seen the witch yet
I like them I like them cashews it's
great for Lily to pop and pop a handful
a little snack picks her right up right
up mm-hmm I believe they're roasted and
roasted and salted cashews
I will ask rich if he was still wants to
watch me the 1983 mini-series on
holodecks we'll see we'll see Oh Keith
is coming back that's exciting
I love almonds too almonds almonds are
the preferred nut treat of choice
roasted salted almonds but we have
cashews and cashews are great
Keith is Keith is coming back Keith oh
my god Keith also they want to know if
you still want to watch the vive new
series for movie dicks sure sure okay
rich says yeah I'm watching it myself
that's the thing then I watch it again I
well V know people need to watch V yeah
almonds are neither war zones are great
also I just want to say this out loud
because Jo kitty 0:01 says says this
don't almonds a fuck Tom of water
don't almonds a fuck Tom of water fuck
ton don't they require I think they're
hard to water the trees almond trees I
look let's kill me I don't I'm afraid of
nuts I don't look into these things I
love nuts I enjoy I enjoy eating nuts of
all kinds as I get into the car
I feel Keith in on what I've discovered
here we go so yeah there was a car I
found a holster and some bullets uh-huh
I took the bullets
uh-huh and I have the holster I didn't
bother to put either of these things
into an evidence bag hey I just handled
them with my bedsheet Oh covered hand
yeah that's good I figured that was
proper police procedure it was a much
better job than me I was walking around
the mall looking for for evidence a
completely very far away from the scene
of the crime then then I talked to a
lady and she she had a car stolen oh
that sounds great it's some guy I can't
alack is something I will find it it's
fine everything's fine great let's go
let's let's roll that out hey buddy boy
let's get this show on the road huh wait
radio
hey Aaron got a radio use radio dispatch
factory Mary to be advised that suspect
Baines may be in possession of a
correctional officers gun despite
uncertainty on us get ready for this one
this one excited I'm don't gentle break
for five three Meritor Jesse barons may
now be armed with the correction
officers garden approach with course
block no 1086 for one son of a bitch you
think you can do this to me I can do
whatever I want I'm a cop see this badge
that means I can do fuck all grown
accustomed to typing in games I was born
into it molded by it yeah yeah Keith
there's paperwork to finish and moving
on oak trim oh no trim Oh to a chairman
voice yeah people go to to mourn now it
will be too over time to Alice Jamal
uber alles
let you just be advised that we're gonna
go around over to the office yeah now
got lots of a people work Wow
very true research hello dad dad
that dispatch 5ma to go go ahead what's
going on in your world how you doing
respond to cotton Cova see the jogger
standing by the phone booth jogger hands
of possible foul play divided have one
traffic units responding if I were to
copy we we on this jogger situation oh I
hope she's a hot chick oh I hope she's
wearing jogging pants it's gonna be
great
cotton chrome go
in routing angle over coffee route I say
do it
it's jibber and dialogue gibbering that
go yes this this version of police quest
removes all of the driving and crashing
oh okay so now give you two to one odds
for 50 cents that that jog is a dude
yeah man see let's see what would Sonny
bonds logic babe on the gender of this
jogger the jog is a dude what do you
think what do you think what does what
does Sonny bonds logic what is it what
does the jogger doing there by a phone
booth
well the the joggers not working during
the middle not working during the middle
of the day so that's a woman only Oh
golly calling a cop rather than handling
a problem on her own yeah woman woman
woman definitely a woman so we're on I'm
on wait I'll give you two to one odds
there's a dude that means Keith thinks
it to do okay great right yep you're on
yes yes it's a chick boom oh no I can
see it's a gal you got a buck of course
it's a woman she's not at work go up see
I was a collab see over here she is is a
prettier sugar over now what did you see
found are you the better half a talker
with her she actually is like Italian
you do better
oh is it yeah he does sign you she's a
bitch she's a pretty shook up bummer I
thought she found you have a dog with
her and I wanna stick around for a while
just there that just in case you need to
me it's a medium REO wait oh is this the
river that has
I was lost in you can go look for the
badge this is the same River I drowned
in in the last game make sure to save
old time sake all the time say no they
don't let you drown it all they fix it
Oh looking river oh that's really
upsetting good what a river derives its
name from irony it's actually quite
polluted by all of the industries that
surround Litton dr. gum I'm going to
talk to the man first honey you can wait
obviously colep sea is busy talking to
Keith listening me I hear some good
gossip good womanly gossip I'm gonna
have to wash my ears out now but nothing
relating to the task at hand
I suppose I have to talk to this woman
maybe somehow that'll be useful talk to
a woman oh it was terrible
there was Oh blood and drag marks to the
river tell me more about this blood
I was jogging along the river's edge and
I came across something that look like
blood I stopped to look and right next
to the blood I saw marks that look like
something it but dragged to the river
and if that prints I saw footprints we
have casting plaster oh my god we get to
use it oh my god we get to use our
casting plaster I'm so excited I have to
interrupt this woman because she's you
talk very loudly in general I suppose I
do
and when you do the woman voice you
scream so we're away from it I had
tempted her up because she's blathering
on she keeps rolling it out and she says
I get scared when I heard the brush
crack so I ran down here and called the
police
officer please go look I hope nothing
bad has happened just walk up River
about a hundred yards or so it's right
next to the water is very specific about
it that figments a hundred yards really
paying attention to that even though I
seem very panicked told you all I know
be thorough sure I have to be thorough
I've not seen I said blood red marks
what do you want ask her to take off her
pants no you know what no sunny bonds
are cool sunny buns were you going does
not respect woman but he does not
mistreat them either that's true that's
true where you going
oh good niqab you gotta get your kit
you're right you're right he sees them
as inferior but as things that need to
be protected you're not abuse you know
what he's working
right now yes it's time to home yes he
is a professional damnit remove pants
okay this is garden Cove brings back
many memories of my youth she said a
hundred yards maybe you have to take the
path down yeah okay great yeah all right
over there perfect i hiccup perfect oh I
know what I'm gonna use ik means oh oh
okay
Oh food freeze Punk
oh oh hold on hold on wait wait this
private procedure
there's probably please procedure to
this who are you talking to the guy who
just shot me dickhead oh and what what
good is our partner
too bad you've been had but weights not
all is lost just restore yeah
okay you got to talk to that biddy again
or did you save after a I'm sorry you
stop talking to that Biddy be deep deep
I hope nothing has happened oh great
wait go get your kit I did already I did
you say yeah sure yep okay again say so
you don't have to tuck that Biddy again
always be saving here we go all right
all right man we're gonna be right
behind you don't you worry I won't I
certainly won't let you get shot I'm
gonna let you get shot what's procedure
there's no specific procedure here we're
you know like there's a homicide
investigation procedures the detective
must have reason to believe a crime
crime has been committed by one or more
of the following personal observation
statements of a witness conclusive
and/or circumstantial evidence right
mm-hmm assess the situation use extreme
caution during initial investigation be
on alert for possible life-threatening
situations be ready to take appropriate
actions Oh
although shaking from surprised
confusion and fear I somehow managed to
return fire with us none of this can be
right I don't know what fear means I've
never felt fear before there's an alien
emotion I only don't cold hard gun metal
okay although the flight of my bullet
misses its target comes close enough to
cause the suspect to take leg and bail
or to take a leg bail get up you'll not
need to use the word M in this game
hey Bri brings like memorizing you okay
let's shoot whoa
Rawdon what's wrong with my legs oh
there he goes
okay this games like a mafia informant
oh my god I never I never saw no car
don't know what you're talking about
okay you keep saying it was a car around
here but I don't even know what you're
talking about Jesus but what looking
gavage well we should report this right
yeah bro it's Keith's gonna talk to you
you have no reason to do that I'm not
sure what you want me to do okay
shoot key this what I want you to do
I'm with you Sonny actually you were I
was I was chasing the bad guy yeah and
then when I when I when I had to double
back cuz he drove away I walked over
here and you just like hanging out
around here yeah you guns that drawn
you're not shooting at punks I was
watching uh I was watching two ducks
swimming in the river it it filled my
life with meaning for a moment that's
all I was doing
that's a holster gun which I guess it
makes sense nope it's got a keep you got
out now I'm good man you are going down
gunman as suspected I look in the
garbage can and find garbage look at
blood
I think that's blood up there I'm not
sure but I'm gonna assume it is see
nothing with dead grass and ants well
fine you're not close enough near the
river's edge I looked down and see what
appear to be partially coagulated blood
and drag marks wats as you see
footprints in the soft damp ground I
inspect the evidence keep ambles into
view slowly without his gun drawn
Lelaina his partner who was just in
mortal danger I look at being snuffed
that poor jailer and then threw his body
into the river could you put up a body
string he must be working out in jail
doing something now you take care of
evidence I'll go radio request for the
UH that what you call it out when you go
when you when you go into the suit and
you got the mask can you go into the
water for a long time but you can still
breathe when you're under the water
scuba yeah one of them videos cool buzz
get conceived me one of them I'm sorry
I'm high right now
should not have smoked all that grass on
the
you know what do you call it when
they're the people go into boxes with
the with the bars I know I never did
lock the doors don't let him out cuz I
did bad stuff when we were dad smoked a
lot of pot nope nope get kid digger
thing kind of fun okay how can you get
kit whoo hey go alright okay cat use
casting + or maybe help buddies gonna
well I drop her
oh and boof
I use the eyedropper to collect the
sample of the coagulated blood and put
it into the glass vial nice I returned
the eyedropper to the kit and had the
vial of blood to my inventory of
evidence boom that's fuckin police work
use plaster on footprints
I removed the box of casting powder and
mixed the pod powder to the proper
consistency in part of the footprint
depression but if the liquid dries I
removed the impression of the footprint
and add it to my list of evidence boom
whole process took five hours also I
think I did this all while still holding
a gun we're gonna find out a moment
whenever I draw my gun I find it very
hard to put my gun away
not physically just mentally take a
picture
boom
nice call jack boom police work
remove pants shit on ground alright I
think that's that's everything then uh
yeah you tried looking around right it's
just like yep you did that all while
holding your gun that's that's amazing
police work is this just a glitch might
be demilitarize arm oh never seen Keith
move this fast ever what are you talking
about oh because it's moving very slow
maybe then I take the footprint sprint
it did say that right yeah you don't you
got to believe you for the footprints
check the finger prints on that blood
that's gonna work shit that's funny
like that holster gun does not work oh
that is it just went away it's God and
everything's fine look at phone booth
listen here shoot varmint telephone is
for the convenience of the public from
the looks of it has been well used and
abused used take all my prostitutes that
phone booth it's very uncomfortable for
them I liked it that way
doc - mad doctor obvious there's a
Gillespie yeah nobody wants to talk to
me right right here gob your friend I'm
gonna keep I'm gonna say to Sonny this
for your own benefit
you're kind of a boring conversation you
talk as if no one knows what a fucking
phone booth is you know there's the
diving team on Sonny you go ahead and
stand by the radio okay say spot the
Baines or something yeah basically what
I'm saying is go away from me right now
because Oh try to get on that diving
team you've got a scuba I'm sure that's
gonna be a thing you got a scuba hello
diving team will somebody talk to me
I'll be your friend
saying by that radio I guess do it I
don't know what I'm doing Oh was that
right officer Moore else or more like
like Roger Moore how's he talk Roger
Moore well here I am boenish no that's
that's all Connery it's quite ironic
that's my name is more what can I do for
you ask about scuba yeah I can ask about
the scuba I don't know more about that
I'm not sure what you want me to do I
wasn't sure what I wanted either if they
say the Addis truth do you need to talk
to someone
I have many several goodness I got
interests you're the cop now dog
I'm gonna cut closer look at man okay
pain bond yes I was in Moore's in top
physical condition
he's energetic and happy kind of guy if
you would like to ever come with me when
I work out I could use the inspiration
bones I like looking at men when I work
out it builds up the testosterone don't
you think not saying I like to look at
wieners I like to look at the muscles
above and below the wieners if you look
at the wieners it turns you gay
little known fact about wieners didn't
know if you knew that bones if you just
look at the other muscle I mean who am I
talking to there's one dude here what
bonds where are you going I'm not done
talking about arenas and muscles bonds
what do you want to do game well what is
the proposed to stand by the ring but
Keith told you it no bond anyway I'm
going to a bar later and I thought maybe
if you joined me it wouldn't be so weird
it's a new bar it's called the man's
hole the lovely establishment I've been
to they're a great martini selection
we could go then drink martinis I don't
like diving alone and I'm the only dial
4 available you wouldn't happen to have
a scuba certification card would you yes
I do
oh why don't we why don't we slip out of
these clothes and into yeah you're
starting to confuse me I don't yeah
you're something strange to my ears I
don't know what you're talking about I'm
saying yet yet for some reason it sounds
oddly appealing I'm just saying I remove
all of your clothing and and get into
this I'm height outfit I'm very
conflicted great time no we know looking
though don't do it you'll want to but
don't well that guy's a quick-change
that is say okay bones take you know he
just grabbed hold of your equipment is
that what you're saying what I'm saying
is let's go in the back of this van aye
aye aye aye need to go shoot my gun I'll
be back in a minute
Jesus was there something in there about
diving about scuba yeah I really don't
believe I saw anything about scuba okay
let's see here personal conduct required
equipment standard operating procedures
felony arrests the use of firearms
homicide investigation radio codes
vehicle codes penal codes no there's
nothing in there about scuba take it all
three do I need that one that's too long
yeah that's way too watery large tonight
okay
did you take the unit do you have
flippers yeah oh god I didn't see I
don't know it's gonna Sam
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
doo - Doo officer Moore puts his map
puts on okay officer Moore puts his mask
and fins on climbs into the water and
disappears from sight beneath the
surface I quickly put on my own fins and
follow him into the swiftly moving river
going in headfirst
ohh oh my god this is a goddamn
adventure oh well it is an adventure
game this is what I'm saying is the word
or under water you're swimming with the
fishes oh there's a current Oh like
that's not moving there you go
I'm having trouble getting enough Oh as
you realize your air supplies what gone
what
of your air tanks reserve yeah what now
for fuck's sake oh Jesus
wait did you do end you have to do all
the like blood kidding yeah the voice is
starting to lose all meaning
okay we'll come back and we'll do this
oh I knew there was gonna be a problem
with those tanks I knew yeah you had
ready to inspect a tank or something
okay
big setback means we're all done all
done that's how these games worked
that's just how these games worked does
not seem as fun as well you know the
first police quest all of our voices
were new this is still fun okay all
right let's look up our subs subscribers
there yeah that's probably a good idea
let's do it oh you picked the tank
without checking all them yeah we did
that was that was our mistake
oh absolutely our mistake totally our
mistake ah you can say if it's not a big
deal yeah exactly I am just kind of
tired at this point I've been benign
still like last night I got home at 2:00
a.m. yeah cuz all day but we're doing
something and then I had to spend five
hours playing certain game and then I
got up a few hours later we came here
and we filmed our thing and then we're
doing this I'm I'm tired and it's been a
lot it's we've been working okay oh I
gotta go here go up I'm definite no shit
go grab you know you don't say
just go up Ches 87 15 months in a row
it's fish bus 14 months in a row radio
link down fisted by dope smoke 15 months
in a row but turds of green 15 months in
a row dinos
spumoni welcome just subscribed smelter
wedging all of us 18 months in a row
Sid Danny Chuck welcome subscribe to
head frogs Ambrose Ambrose Ambrose
Ambrose Oris Ambrose Aras welcome
humberto Cabbage Patch 14 months in a
row and rail means rail welcome to the
one year Club the real they on hometown
markup nineteen months in a row I just
cause a thing to jump all over the place
wall god I hope I'm gonna think oh my
god police quest to when we have like
8000 subscribers it's very shocking it's
crazy very shocked M palsu recon Center
always fun always fun loved over
beefcake 16 months in a row octo J 20
months in a row for some reason I never
noticed octaves J when they call out
subs you know what he he subscribed at
6:46 and if it's reoccurring monthly
thing if we start after seven we
wouldn't see him huh is it networks I
think so I think it's subscribed the
same time every okay okay I know also
didn't didn't you start a new thing a
new thing for people over 20 months I
forgot what it was oh my god octo J 20
fucking months in a row John kilo 322
fuckin month
oh god FATA 42 14 months in a row that's
a godfather fucker you do a godfather
deca we got a we got a ha Mandy it's
hard to fade thee within when you do the
Godfather Harmon V Bell deadly 21 fuckin
months in a row a skeletal snuggles meat
cluckums I like that one butch Deloria
Welcome Wagon uncool a man 17 months in
a row Sabre mouths even out because
movie that's nice crack cocaine dream
sign dream son dream soon fuck up
Wow no I just need oh the range the
vocal range
yes not there I know I know lost in
Technicolor 20 fucking months in a row I
last or is it a last I last I last 1984
the real Quaid 16 months in a row York
winded
hello Emma Drake oh hello my baby
nineteen months in a row but what do you
want what do you want
split miss bliss serious I think it's
hideous
yeah I got serious three
cbs3 welcome fuck that up
fuck that up to your waist Sunday laying
down some fresh cardboard kicking on
some sick boom boxes we got breakdancing
Bob welcome and KGB ate my bread thank
you for subscribing we really
appreciated it's true we really do we
really do really fun to get back to
please close to when when Jays not here
we'll play more of that and when he is
able play something else it's gonna be
great I look for the interview come on
up tomorrow the X come to interview
coming up tomorrow and later this week
we guys over do pretty wreck it's gonna
be super exciting and also something
really important
