Wrighting Wrongs (Phoenix Wright Part 2)
May 22, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kAR2hW5QoWY

we're in it hey everybody welcome oh
yeah we got the game we're Phoenix
writing let us know if you can hear the
game audio if you can't oh well can't
hear us
oh well so let us know if you can hear
us Grug lights okay everyone and and
someone was asking whether or not
whether the beer in Doom is crud light
or Grodd light I could not remember
right we are early I wanted to say I
thought I would be here a little after
7:00 and so I wanted to tweet out that
we were gonna start at 7:30 uh-huh but
then I remember the golden rule that we
always run late and so I said we were
gonna start at 8 o'clock rich wise move
Jack why'd you move so we are early
today and it's a we had to set up all
those 30s see now we're heroes and we're
not the jerks that are 25 minutes late
yes what do we what do we have here we
have Phoenix right we're gonna play some
Phoenix right
what's the date today today though the
22nd days this is a little bit earlier
today before we started streaming we got
a donation from snake in the garden says
it was miserable in UK last year decided
to move home to Ireland at Christmas
thank you both for the cheerful chat
that kept me company and positive when I
was sad and alone and unemployed since
January first since January first day of
new job to M I don't know the two M
means oh wait no no I have no idea what
the 2 M means but that glad did cheer
you up stuff to tomorrow Thursday Oh
tomorrow yeah maybe maybe I turned up
the game bottom a little bit someone's
complaining might be well oh and you
know what actually a phoenix wright
reminds me yep
I never I never updated you guys on my
epic YouTube give the guy a strike
copyright claim situation oh yeah yeah
what the the peepee poo-poo song the
peepee poo-poo song right what happened
so I was debating you know and obviously
and you guys you guys the the chat and
rich were full-on fuck this guy give him
a strike right yeah he actually he
watched that episode
he was watching live and he made a video
he made a little video explaining his
side of the situation he emailed news
and watch this this to kind of explains
myself and you know there was a bunch of
who buddy who he didn't totally admit
that he was wrong
yep and basically what it boiled down to
was was six months of punishment worth
it yeah and I took that into account and
I said you know what probably for
stealing the peepee poo-poo songs you're
right you're probably right
6 months is not worth it you made a good
hugger so I was like ok I'll take the
strike down and he took down the video
and I took down the strike and we are
now ok everything is good he was not
happy that I talked about it on streem
tough well one tough - he was talking
back and forth with me on Twitter a
public forum and he was like right like
I never you know I thought that was a
bad choice of yours to talk about it
publicly and I was like well you didn't
tell me not to yeah it might say no
valid data every once in a while it'll
do that if if like the connection to the
3ds Wiggles a little bit which it might
you'll see that I am a big I'm a big
softy and you know what we've all been
there but it's like what Jay talked
about has talked about a million times
like we've all used copy written stuff
in our work before we didn't get paid
for we didn't make any money off of it
yeah but we've all done it
so his six months really worth it no
heard a recent copyright issue that came
up with the Family Guy oh oh I heard
about that too the Family Guy they had
had a joke about some kind of glitch and
double dribble
an old NES basketball game though and
they used an extended amount of footage
from a video on YouTube about using this
glitch to score easy three-point baskets
right right and then they put that in a
Family Guy episode didn't ask the guy
who made the original clip you know with
the with the glitch so they just took
his footage put it in their episode and
then they gave a copyright strike to the
guys original footage that they stole of
using the glitch but first of all this
guy knew that he knew about this glitch
took the time to make it a recorded
video about this glitch took it without
asking fuck these assholes they could've
easily have gotten a copy of the game
and made their own video of them
exploiting the gold for that could have
happened or hey dude do you mind if we
use your video we'll take $500 out of
the catering budget we'll toss you a
little money like I'm sure if they just
would have asked he probably would have
said sure I like Family Guy whatever
right yeah now they didn't it was BOTS
that took it down and of course and they
have since Unruh moved the copyright
strike and and even said like we're
really sorry this happened
geez maybe their system is bullshit then
you know it's just one of those things
where it's like just like just just has
to do you know
what are we talking oh we're talking
yeah the family guy is stealing the clip
and then taking down to do food yeah
it's fucked up and just like I just
laboriously explained everything we're
talking about you must have just shown
oh if you just showed up sorry bill it's
a long story but you can watch that you
can watch the replay on Twitch later
today with the chat integration or on
YouTube in like three months
so oh my god anonymous says Jack given
your views on piracy oh no do you feel
dirty watching unauthorized pirated vids
on best of the worst
like Korman's Fantastic Four or Star
Wars Xmas right that's a good question
though those are kind of special
educational purposes yeah those are kind
of special circumstances is I'm gonna
say the you know they're not they're not
available anywhere and they need to be
preserved for historical purposes
there's a big difference between
watching Roger Corman's Fantastic Four
and torrenting the latest episode of
Game of Thrones yeah huge difference so
no I don't feel bad about real Vance's
rich do you and Karen having kids when
you get married you do when you tell
them what you do for a living and if so
how will you keep them away from Mike
that's the most important question ah
there are no current plans but I think
sometimes these things just happen you
know I don't know I don't know I've
heard of many situations in which it may
just yeah yeah yeah I was my
mother-in-law speaking out god bless her
soul
we were we were over at my
mother-in-law's
uh-huh and she had just taken a trip to
see some family out of state and I have
been married to her daughter now cut
we're coming up on 12 years married
dating her for 18 years I mean you know
she's known me for a long time
she talks to me then she's like no check
maybe you can help me out here maybe we
were we were talking with the family
about what it is you do for a living
could you explain it to em say we talk
all the time about what I do for you
just don't understand huh they just
don't understand they did they just well
I was just like she's like what should I
tell them you could just tell them I
make videos I'm a video producer yes
this video producer okay that's okay
that's like if you want to get into it
you know we do the live streaming talk
we have a video game show I'm part of
this other shows don't make any this is
why I avoid people telling people what I
do you you can go video producer it's
really easy why are you buying a gorilla
costume an old desk and a stereo you
know I could well I make videos in
another video I need a gorilla I was
gonna play story engine there's no stuff
speaking of them my my boys love that I
play video games for a living yeah I
love it
because then we get a lot of video games
and I heard the one loves duel oh my god
my now five year old who's a little
metalhead he's my little man he's my
little he's my little guy who's gonna
watch horror movies with me couldn't
wait to get home to watch me play doom
he fucking loves doom
every every time you know like I'm
playing doom and he's like that skeleton
punch him in the face and I was like
yeah it's good yes
speaking of doom yeah I went and
replayed some of Doom three last night
the horror the horror ask leading the
the oddball doom game yeah always said
you know I thought doom sold in threes
fine okay fine we're out of my fucking
mind just bored out of my fucking mind
maybe maybe it's just a mistake to play
that you know right after playing the
new doom I don't know but I might have
to change my opinion of the game you
can't you can't downshift
like that that's a hard downshift in the
same in the same universe Oh rich can
you go over to obs
people are asking us to be a little
bigger then we need to be in bigan they
want us to be in big and canoeing big
innocent that looks great
I got perfect we you could make us even
bigger and move the game over but a
fuckin that's too big rich we're too big
hi everybody racy cake says I wish I was
as sexy as YouTube why am I not pretty
like you guys you know what you're fine
whatever you look like you're fine don't
don't let anybody judge you on your
looks
mmm that's my advice the only way I
survive without killing myself telegin
says Jack I asked you to give me
feedback on my short film did you get a
chance to watch it
oh you know what I think I started
watching it but it was late and I might
have gotten bored I'm very sorry
email it email it to me and I will email
you back feedback prereq at red letter
media comm email me the link and I will
give you feedback so I'm very sorry no
no it's an awkward thing you're asking
because I haven't seen the video at all
yeah what if it's just absolutely
terrible then I'll say that people
bathrooms before ok I you know you try
you try to give a little positive and a
little negative but uh now if you're
gonna ask this and you want an honest
answer
yeah well I guess only ask if you want
an honest answer I have not seen any of
this yeah oh yeah no and I I will not I
will not sugarcoat it okay so don't
worry cuz everybody's early videos
they're all terrible they're all tear
they're all terrible everybody I can
tell you right now it's terrible I
haven't seen her it's there I haven't
seen it at all but I'm sure it's awful
be prepared for yeah
I'm just I'm just getting you set but
email telling it's gonna happen
even email the link to me and that way
it'll be in my inbox and I can watch it
and and get you feedback if you you you
get good bye just making like hundreds
of crappy videos and eventually they're
not as crappy and then you make slightly
less crappy videos make a few hundred of
those yeah that's literally all you do
that's how you do it you pay attention
to watch okay rich Kate you have to make
this a little bit shorter why why good
now we're covering up oh it's fine
that's fine what happens on the bottom
screen I don't know stuff I'm sure we
got a click on shit or just take the
game take the window menu and leave the
mean long I'm gonna fix it there we go
perfect there we go perfect we're fine
right this is what we want
it's permanent can I make it no no just
you
Jesse whoo here we go actually this is
kind of weird and perfect don't you
think doesn't this work
nobody wants a close-up of my face for
three hours
I didn't mean to move that just don't
then that's great okay that works
perfect oh wait but now wait you're cut
off over there now you know now the
screens cut off just a little bit that's
fine
okay we can do without my shoulder it's
fine rich rich this is going fantastic
Leo let's just start the game okay let's
go okay we're in the game now we've
talked about all the things Thank You
rügen we can talk a little bit well now
we probably can't while we play Phoenix
right we probably can't but I guess
we're gonna try anyway we can't what we
can't I was gonna say we could talk a
little bit later later in the stream
they won't do it yet what do you want
talking about we could talk about Civil
War finally oh god finally fucking sod
there you go okay continue rich I got
that I got the 3ds my knees like in the
shot here
from chapters to oh I probably need it
where's the pattern oh oh I'm just on
the phone is ringing okay a beep beep
hello this is Maya era who's talking
Mia is doing hey Mia it's me
no well hey Maya it's me Mia what's up
you haven't called in a while sorry I've
been so busy you know how it is have you
been well lonely and it's all your fault
what now I'm just teasing bitch I've
been crying I think girls call each
other bitches all the time to anything
yeah yeah yeah hey bitch sure that's how
I'm picturing Maya she's the kind of
she's the kind of bitch that calls other
bitches bitches you know I'm saying I
think there's not that one they're angry
with the other person no I think I think
that's like a joke decayed no I don't
think they do that you know they know
you're in your you're in you're
superimposing male behavior here a guy
would call someone a jerk
yeah I am super why would I be
superposing male behavior I'm just
saying you gotta get into the feminine
mind side I've been great bitch I'm
finally getting used to having my own
place
well that's could be here actually I'm
calling this I have a favor to ask
I know I know super can't you want me to
hold evidence for you sharp is always
there's a lot of bull
buzz about the upcoming trial
I just don't feel safe keeping the
evidence here I feel like a major
character maybe oh I might be the girl
do you remember in the courtroom I need
a better boy spoke that won't won't go
on for now might be I got you so what is
it this time it's a clock thread it's
very different it's perfect a clock yeah
it's made to look like that statue she
was a thinker and it tells you the time
oh I remember that from the case I
thought you might like it
hmm you always liked toys right I
remember no I get it
that bachelorette party I get it that
thing was up there all night how many
batteries hey I'm not a little girl no
no you know I'm only teasing bitch let's
see that's how women say bitch under
their breath oh yeah yeah oh I should
probably tell you the clock isn't
talking right now talking right now huh
it's not working that's lame I had to
take the clock workout sorry bitch
find room clockwork
I put some papers inside instead you
know because why not because that's
exactly exactly what you do with a clock
papers is that the evidence then oh well
there's a possibility that it might turn
out that way yes can you come by the
office tonight say 9:00 to pick it up
I'll be in pre in a pre-trial meet until
then okay sis but I expect dinner some
good like burgers I could really go for
a good burger knowing you I thought
you're gonna say cock okay well the
usual joint all right here says hey okay
see you soon
yep I'll be waiting yeah bye bitch
conversation recorded September 5th 9:27
a.m. right September 5th 857 BMI yes
this is like official stuff what what is
that kind of like dragnet voice should
really be sunny bonds dead bit I was
just trying to do like robotic okay but
yeah yeah yeah yeah we don't know who's
talking so I guess we'll just read this
normally it's it's mystery no miss Faye
I'll take what's mine the papers I'm is
that pausing is that just the delay with
the capture there's no delay every once
in a while I like let's see like if you
like wiggle this the wrong way it just
freezes it just freeze got some trying
to hold it in place but I'm sorry but I
can't give you what I don't have miss
Faye you are a poor liar why I see it
right over there
that must be
the thinker that swallowed those papers
how could you know oh you are not
cognizant of I background I don't know
who the fuck you are or what cognitive
you're just some question marks
gathering information is my business you
see oh I I should have been more careful
Oh oh my dear Miss Faye I'm so very
sorry but I am afraid I must ask for you
what I must ask you for one more thing
your silence well fuck Oh long oh I
think I chose a good voice okay I was
really happy he's a man red white and
blue so we know who did it but so this
is Columbo rich yep we got it this is
the important part yes September 5th 908
p.m. fan company law offices whose
Phoenix what does Phoenix sound like
before I kind of did your playing you
should probably add some pepper you
should probably be fuzz I did Phoenix
last time what's what voice would you
give Phoenix visualize visualize
handsome and dapper handsome and dapper
piers Bronson Oh Pierce Bronson
yeah I'm late kind of bondage I'm
terrible at anything classy I can't do
class I have no class uh-oh I'm late no
that's terrible
this British and proper it wasn't
strange hmm guess the chief left without
me okay that's more nerdy kind of
British though and not classy
oh there you go class you gotta you
gotta like steams it out she said her
sister was coming over so we should go
come on for dinner this is terrible
that's fine it's fine everything's fine
mmm what's that smell blood
yeah well maybe she's in her office
that's terrible
what's the chat how's the chat feel
about that I think it's awful Michael
Caine voice oh god you hate I know where
you're going this okay well we should
probably examine the gap examine oh oh
oh you get to scroll around and get to
like scroll around what is this thing
well I'll have to check and see if yeah
yeah so wait what I don't know what I'm
supposed to do with this look at things
and finding evidence I smell blood this
can't be good
I'm just clicking on things maybe
there's nothing to click on in here I
can go back and I can go move move into
the office sure examine more things free
move into the office it's too fucking
late
it's too fucking move back I can't right
now we're missing all sorts of clues I'm
sure I check the light switch I checked
the coatrack I checked then go go back
and let's look at things hold on so look
me and what we're checking whether
there's two hold on chief chief I can't
I can't do Pierce Brunson and me then
Phoenix Wright needs to be Pierce
Bronson so I'm trying to I'm trying to
get there well I can only do now and now
I have Sean Connery stuck in my head
Sean Connery oh yes chief chief yes Sean
Connery money punished well hello there
money funny well so much a pond it is
hope not bad except own chief
money money Pawnee chief now that's
fucking I'm doing it I'll be Phoenix who
are you
I am Phoenix Wright the Vigilant justice
maker oh no we didn't examiner enough
things that's what's happened a strange
girl dropped out cold
I left her lying on the office so far I
went back to the chief where she lay
under the window damn girl
her body was still warm Phoenix don't
you get any
I could feel it when I held her shoulder
then all too quickly it began to fade
until finally she was cold
damn damn whore mia chief okay now we
can examine some shit just trying to see
if like some oh yeah see look when when
you're like I want to get a better look
at her breasts like when you can't
examine something look like the examine
things comes up okay see that's
interesting so you can't examine her
breasts we should examine her breasts
now okay Sam chief might be a vital clue
it's hard seeing her like this that's
right it's hard I cannot help it that is
an involuntary reaction no she was
struck on the head with a blunt object
she probably died instantly
the thinker lying next to her must have
been the murder weapon hmm think her
headed to court right wait your should
you really be handling this stuff
Phoenix by the way you're waiting for
the cops no attorneys in Japan are also
cops of course I mean of course that's
not true but in the game hmm you know
you sure it was the thinker you know
that blunt object you're talking about
with I'm sure blood and hair and skull
fragments on it hmm there are some glass
shards near the chief's body must be
pieces of glass pieces of the glass
light stand lying broken in the back of
the room more evidence yes yes fuck yes
evidence
a piece of paper it must have fallen
from Mia's hand what could it be dude a
word written in blood on this scrap of
paper Maya did Mia write this by the way
if you are going to have daughters do
not name them Maya and Mia that's
horribly horribly confusing anonymous
says hey Jagan rich if happy ever after
did exist I would still be holding you
like this all those fairy tales are full
of shit one more fucking love song and
I'll be sick damn thank you very much
then the rule of seal says check the
voice is perfect
it's your same one from last time well
good also now that Mia's effectively
hypnotized rich can yep Wow
this piece of paper is a receipt from a
department store dated yesterday hmm
I'll add that to the court record
come on get here I think that's enough
snooping around for now I better call
the police
wait you haven't called the police yet
Phoenix is terrible and find out what
that girl was doing here rich reads
services I never pictured you guys
playing Phoenix right but now it's
everything I've ever wanted all right
hold on we're gonna keep examining I
know we're supposed to call the cops but
there's a large building right across
from the office the gate water hotel I
get it a nice luxurious place shards of
glass see how I got that
okay it's over here the Chiefs chair a
simple functional design feels pretty
good to sit in actually think about you
I'd take that chair for my own office
the Chiefs not going to need it anymore
or I call the cops
what I called right it's gonna scoop
that over to my office
boo boo boo surprisingly the chief was
never good with machines about all she
used this piece c4 was emails she picked
up this ancient model at some garage
sale for practically nothing what is
this the Fae & Co ledger book everything
is written in the Chiefs ultra neat
handwriting it's a small office but it
makes a good okay good I guess I guess
I'll call the captain right I'd better
call the police
that's funny a few of the screws on the
receiver
dun-dun-dun it looks like someone was
halfway through taking it apart
police please come quickly what was that
someone's screaming from outside that
window oh sure
oh fuck look at her she's staring right
at me she's holding a phone in her hand
Oh
Phoenix is gonna get the rap for this
well shit Phoenix call the cops already
you
there's a lot of dumb right
what's miserable out that window nothing
it just says the gate water hotel well
that's something sure
I guess we're gonna move I guess we're
gonna go back to the office did we not
call the cops we didn't we did not we
can't I don't know how to call the cops
try examining the phone I do and then it
says the phone receiver is missing a few
screws I better not use it okay
I can't the riddle of steel we hear you
also anonymous here comes that boy oh
shit what up and then dirty ACK oh yeah
says put the routiers down on the desk
or something it lags every other second
and this game is defined by its
character animations I don't think I've
ever seen a character animation in this
game yeah
much for the single I'm okay yeah that's
a good idea yeah and it like if you meet
with a pillow oh yeah if you can see
that the 3ds like it's the you need the
USB power is plugged in the USB out for
the capture card is plugged in and the
audio is welded so it is just a hot mess
of wires this is how we have to capture
video putting this on a desk would also
be insane do playing like hunched over
right okay
and it's like still it's gonna be fucked
up okay there we go so how do we get out
of the situation right oh wait
the smart thing to do will be to wait
for the cops to show up rather than flee
the scene of a crime now that somebody
across the street is pointed Edison
scream both I adore we already looked at
the note right yep
let me examine her the notes is MIA
no valid data keeps popping up every
other second yeah it really does go to
go to the window let's see if we can fix
this this might be a wee finding to
restart it now I foolishly unplugged it
and plugged it back in a bridge
foolishly
there we go
it's like I'm just not gonna touch it
forever yeah see it's like if I just
move it slightly but or is that me hold
on I'm just gonna not touch it for a
little bit and see if it's like I wasn't
touching
right that's it still let's sit that's
sitting perfectly still we're getting no
value so I don't think it's me
why don't you X out of this sorry buddy
we're just gonna double time on a double
check shirt go to normal new 3ds view
not the 64-bit oh it's a 64-bit
processor I'm self
we're still getting no valid data okay
so head back to the 64-bit one and let's
see if we can mess with some of these
settings yeah this running it was wasn't
doing this with Ustream it wasn't no no
this wasn't doing this of course I did
have it on my desk when I was streaming
it for the bee sting okay
I meant limited to 30 frames per second
nope nope rich big bunch of nope how
about
go to config
goto limited to 30 frames per second
don't know what that means but
that means the limit up to 30 frames per
second not more than 30 frames per
second which actually could be it that
could be it
basically the computers too damn fast
yeah yeah might be right okay sure okay
now we need to figure out how to get out
of this situation rich we examined the
ledger oh no no that's just the chair I
guess we'll examine it from this side
but sheets chair a simple functional
design right okay we can't use the phone
oh here we didn't examine over here all
the Chiefs important documents are
packed in here this is where she filed
her case records and urgent rulings has
anything been rifled oods recently I
wonder that's why you gave us you're
giving us all right the computers
ancient the ledger we know that it only
says the computers ancient that's all it
says I examined surprisingly the chief
is never good with machine those needs
to feed you and he knows you think the
other thing oh yeah
by the way it's totally the 30
frames-per-second thing yeah what's that
thing next to the computer on the dash
this thing no no no no this thing yeah a
perfectly normal office desk rich the
chief had a very particular policy about
office decor spending too big on stuff
on clients keep your own stop simple
that's what the chief always said that's
why I'll always remember I knocked over
plant knocked over
I'm perfectly normal off his desk but
you've had her all right chair we
already looked at the chair it's simple
okay and if I go to back if I go to move
go back again oh I just didn't click on
it right never mind
I'm just dumb who that girl just now
where'd she go I put her right there on
that sofa
oh no I hope she didn't run on me nope
never mind that little bitty right there
Yipes scare me like that excuse me but
who are you
it's okay I work here Mia what muse the
dead one maiya
I said May up oh did you sit me yeah you
shouldn't do both no oh no you need to
yeah I just thought you said this is why
you should not name your kids similar
things
this is Turk and title at the George
Foreman a fucking confused psychotic
household that must be right may FA I
don't know if we can turn up the volume
you might hear buzzing okay I just
turned up the volume a little bit on the
3ds
let's see if that it will back okay
sorry
manaphy Mia hey Mia
so Mia was writing this girl's name
maybe I should show her the receipt I
never thought there'd be a use for
evidence like this outside the courtroom
oh no I'm not evil I started laughing
might be slightly evil just cuz you
didn't kill me it doesn't mean you're
not slightly evil in your free time
sure audio is slightly buzzing after
Jack messed with the cables yeah yeah
I think we kind of were dealing with
this lattice what the cable again
because the framerate thing was the 30
Sarah
Steve Anna I don't think that buzzing
was there earlier
well shit guys
Oh your hand me the headphones day
oh there's definitely a buzzing it's a
very beautiful thing oh okay hold on I
got it I got it guys it's uh it's all
the cables okay do you need this anymore
do you need to set up a no I don't know
you can take their shirt off yep
all right okay okay there we go okay a
little bit murder it comes back it's
it's literally I think it's just the
entire mess of wires that we have going
on here
okay talk Sheryl's sure the receipt does
he mentioned that earlier
present yeah the receipt present before
Mia died she wrote a message with her
own blood
she wrote it on the back of this receipt
hey that's my name well why would she
write my name please just calm down my
fucking sisters dead why would my sister
write my name why the fuck should I calm
down in Vlad my sister wrote my name in
blood
oh now I've done it
oh shit here come to Papa the
blueberries and raspberries are coming
the police sounds like they're coming
this way
brainy's place freeze police I was
hoping oh there we go
right I'm detective dick gumshoe see
gumshoe what a dog we received a report
from the building across the way
see ya say more like I had wedgie
Robinson is he yeah yeah got this person
saying they saw a murderer okay
here
it must have been that woman I saw
anyway I don't want either of you moving
one inch you got that scumbag great just
great
wait she couldn't know
whoa well they hold on
slappy excuse me the word mayor here
does that mean anything to you honey pie
say I think this might be your name
isn't it sweet hot hot lips cushy tush
wait Chris you douche cushy touch so you
know what that means you know Vanek
cushy church before one of you women
been flat asses before well that it's my
name I thought so that's what I just
accused you of despite what the dialog
box said victim drew this here note in
her own blood see with a dying drift she
wrote down the killer's name the clothes
didn't shut cases and what do they call
that I don't know okay case closed I
didn't even have to plan the evidence
this time you're coming with me man I
always keep an extra gun and blunt
object in my belt just in case what what
as oinks likes Mia's younger sister Mia
who was arrested on the spot I was taken
in for questioning and didn't get out
until the next morning my eyes were
heavy but I couldn't sleep
i sat around waiting for visiting hours
to begin
that the detention center I had to talk
to mayor as soon as possible is mayor
unnamed
yep I think so Wow they have poor mayor
locked up like a criminal
oh it's you the lawyer good morning good
morning bitch
she looks so tired okay fine
are you going to be my attorney yeah
we're saying Maya
no it's Maya oh did I called her Maya
it's fine it's Maya they're both fine
choices well that's what I wanted to
talk to you about what do we want to
give her the bitch oh you are you are
Phoenix for I am Phoenix I say it's up
to you lady better give it to her
straight it's up to you Biddy up to me
cuz apparently I've never made a choice
in my life I don't think this is
something I should decide yes I'm just a
girl I don't think that oh no that's
what I saw oh my god
no I wasn't paying enough attention Maya
you're the one in trouble and of course
it's up to you to decide get your shit
together girl I'm never going to believe
me
even you when you found me in the office
you looked at me like I had done it
probably because I was the only other
one there and there was a note with my
name on it written in blood and my
sister always called me a bitch man bad
blood that's my secret I have a voice
recording of your sister calling you a
bitch at least 18 times and that was
before you even picked up the phone this
fucking bitch bitter bitch pick up the
bitch phone bitch bitch
did I look at her like that
no no I never thought it's okay I
understand and I've also heard about you
I'm smiling now I'm happy that's right
you've heard about me I can only assume
it's my generous purport proportions
Phoenix Phoenix ain't all left if you
know what I'm saying that's not what I
heard at all you said you're a good
lawyer it was such a shame about your
well whatever mind otherwise
good-looking man makes a lot of money
but you know Kendall okay I can't now
hasn't called you kid I said Ken doll
was the word they used today was
facetiming coaster well she's
remembering so I guess we've kind of
switched who's me and me that's fine you
know that's that's fine am i enough
who's quite well yeah we know all this
we don't need to hear this he's a genius
this might be important this is all
they're gonna tell us is that we have to
solve a crime you know the only thing is
Viking I'm talking about Phoenix yeah
sounds like it was fun well I know who
to who to go to if I ever get in trouble
now for like I don't know murdering you
I'd be so happy so mere sound like I've
thought about that ever since we were
teenagers and you still Billy Thompson
away from me it sounded like I think
about it all the time
oh you bitch
okay that's what she said bitch no bitch
just kept saying bitch over and over
again I'm sorry for something I didn't
mean to insult you
no it's okay it's true I I guess but at
the same time I can't just sit by and
watch when I think of the person who did
this to Maya but it just burns my blood
boils my soul of course she was your
friend and my sister
Christian be angry yes I need to say
that oh I just don't know shit like
expositor I know something right there I
know nonnamous says hey guys in your
opinion which is better organ trailer
marks at a living I've only played marks
and living like once and I didn't really
play it I think I just watched you play
it the way that's right did we play
march of the living we played march of
the living we don't even remember the
Zombie Survival one that was kind of
like Oregon Trail but different I have
no recollection of march of the living
that says a lot and a lot anonymous also
says are different anonymous started
telling anonymous not all anonymize guys
have you seen the new Star Trek fast in
the furies trailer it's Star Trek dead
in your opinion or is there hope in the
horizon with the upcoming series well I
haven't seen the new trailer I've heard
the new trailer is better but you can't
count on trailers for anything they can
manipulate what you see and experience
and feel with trailers so effectively
these days I think no matter what we're
getting a dumb action movie though so no
that's that's what that's exactly listen
first one was fine it was a perfectly
adequate
movie second one was dog horseshit his
mixture of dog and horse shit the third
who cares about the third one why do we
care about this anymore stop caring
about it everybody the series might be
fine I need to hear more about it did
you hear that you drop the lawsuit
about the fan film yeah I so don't care
about that you know everyone thinks I
should care about it I don't care I
thought it was interesting I thought it
was interesting that like the producers
and the the director of the new movie
started to weigh in yeah and they said
they were going to pressure paramount to
drop the lawsuit okay because they're
just like these people are our audience
that's true
we just really not piss them off the
money factor of course it's the money
factor of cool oh listen we and we
talked about this there's no way they
should have like they're gonna charge
people they have the Kickstarter they
get backers yeah okay okay
we can't occur you know examining
doesn't help should should we talk move
yeah we should right talk tour uh yeah
let's talk about the day of the crime
sure
could you tell me about the day of the
murder
this is either or do we get the option
to ask both eventually I hope we get
this is the most important one I think
yeah yeah yes I love talking about it
sounds like a great idea
oh let's see that morning I got a call
from my sister she wanted to she wanted
me to hold on to a piece of evidence for
an upcoming trial
evidence and then she asked me to wear
this comically giant pearl necklace I
think it was some kind of prank though
where the fuck would wear something like
this it looks like I'm an inch tall
trying to wear a regular pearl necklace
I guess that clock shaped like the
thinker the one Larry made how could
that have been evidence in a case oh
right she said something about that yeah
I don't know
I remember do you want to hear it in her
own voice I do a very good impression
first of all what are you going for the
insanity plea no I do a really good
impression
I make her sound really stupid though
because I hated that bitch yes sir
I'm pretty sure our conversation is on
my cell phone too you recorded it yeah I
forgot how to delete those things
because I'm a girl oh sure yeah
so you say you have a conversation with
your sister on your cell phone
let's hear it right
I'm awfully chipper maybe cuz I'm happy
my sister's dead bitch oh I just
remember the detective took my cell
phone sorry
oh right of course next time I see
detective gumshoe all ask him for it
all right you would notes you don't
forget okay I mean I mean I am an adult
I am a grown-ass man but I'm sure if
that makes you first how do you have a
pen in there they take away your cell
phone but they give you a pen they never
check my cleavage it's like a quill I
wouldn't believe the size of the pen I
could fit in here
Jebus okay great
all right it's not that big really
should we go back to the day of the
crime or go to Maya
there's something I've been wanting to
ask you
yes what's Oh was it I understand your
sister was just murdered in front of
your eyes possibly her blood everywhere
but what the fuck is this about bitch
well like I said I'm pretty sure the
pearls were some kind of prank so it was
very important I had to wear them I
don't know there's what all acolytes
where it's my uniform you could say
Becca lights like people in religious
training what is it you do woman oh oh
it's nothing strange really it's just a
cult I'm a spirit medium music in
training a spirit medium I'm pretty sure
that qualifies as strange yeah let's go
down that Valley okay okay so you're an
acolyte how are a medium in training I'm
sorry I'll try not to sound so
condescending
that's right the faith family especially
the women have always been very
sensitive to the spirit world did you
did they have to give you a personality
test did you hold on they gave me the
device than the person agra fire would
you like a soul lighted uh-huh it's a
free soul on the free soul Wadud oh okay
hold on
that'll like a yeah gasses meeow meeow
meeow may uh get it together
just joking great room is always do it
up oh did you were you happy with me
ending the doom episode we're not doing
them so what up is great I mean it's a
great song
yeah I didn't I didn't run that by you
but I felt you know what it seemed like
a good idea yeah I had to run it by me
well you know yeah okay
also team G after dark says hello jacket
rich can we please get a secret audio
recording of rich Evans for every
terrible movie you see in the theatre
from now on Alfred's could have murder
people is the best well he never quite
did I thought he was going to whoever he
took control I was waiting for that
machine gun first never happened I'm
sure I'm sure we can do something okay
wait a second
you said the fav family so mio Maya was
into this stuff too of course
she was just as crazy as the rest of us
we believe all sorts of insane things
she loved the mountain retreat follow
her career she said after seeing Jesus
give her that thumbs though was a little
too much for after being locked in the
closet for three weeks locked in the
closet why why would anyone lock her in
the closet
her belief rates were falling to low we
had to do a riad it later we found out
it was just a potassium deficiency our
bad
her powers were first-class - she
pretended she could do all kinds of
insane things I had no idea she could
tell you how many figures you were
holding up behind your back
she was right 1/5 of the time oh my oh
my oh my gee that's amazing wait so
you're a real honest-to-goodness spirit
medium with with ESP and all that
bullshit yes in training Trey of course
I'm trying well I'm only right one tenth
of time which is really weird because
you're with the law of averages you
think I'd be at least well I'll get it
someday
well wait can't you contact me as spirit
then we can just ask her who killed her
you know suddenly I don't want you as my
lawyer you want someone who doesn't
believe the crazy bullshit cuz quite
frankly on the half share that I'm full
of shit you know where I'm goo I'm sorry
I'm still in training
oh sure sure you is I couldn't do
something on that level what a bitch I
thought that'd be too easy the bitch
um-huh something I mean I'm going to use
my spirit sense and guess that
something's the matter
that's amazing um I was wondering could
I ask you a favor
you want to see my Ken doll don't you oh
god no
most people want you know a lot of
morbid curiosity yeah it's fine
maybe we get you a strap-on I have quite
the collection
anyway this here's the address of a
famous lawyer I want him instead because
you know quite frankly you believe in
all my spiritual bullshit and it just
doesn't seem like a good quality at a
lawyer somebody should be skeptical
logically bind it seems like you just
believed that anything that anybody
tells you Mike wouldn't wanna press Q's
and says I did it he was gonna say well
I guess they did because I can't think
critically she said if I was ever
trouble I should call him look at the
good lawyer the good lawyer not you and
well I'm in trouble do you think you can
go ask him to represent me bitch what
have I been doing for the past 20
minutes I I you know what fuck you but
I guess you could pass on the case well
it's like I want to be a good guy like
this is her yeah she asked for this it's
like you want to be a good guy if it's
like bitch all right I'm gonna accept
sure why not
I'll go ask I'm a good guy
Phoenix right good guy you know
everybody sure of yourself either
I'd just that just confirms my decision
to have you ask somebody else in my book
right and you're what like a good lawyer
he would have said no I'll do it because
I'm so confident but fairly not you I've
have no one else to turn to
why not call your crazy cult family on
the mountain they're currently communing
with Cthulhu it's it's time for the
thousand-year sandwich he gets hungry
quite frankly this Casey there's no big
deal I mean the end is coming there
another week or two
say what about your parents
which is what over this sorry I'm oh
that's a lot of them you don't remember
things too well I see don't worry leave
it to me thank you
try smile attend what tomorrow no what
if this guy refuses they told me that if
I don't find one the state will pick up
an attorney to defend me when will that
happen
they're giving me until 4:00 this
afternoon
fuck bitch you just told me now and
visiting hours are almost up I'd better
hurry
right I'll be back day the crime data
crime
could you tell me about the day Oh what
godly that I thought we were kind of
done oh that last conversation really
sounded like we were wrapping this whole
thing up I definitely agree with you but
just in case this other guy doesn't want
to have anything to do with you I would
like more information that's okay
all I've been doing the last few hours
just talking about it I've kind of
gotten used to it let's see that morning
I got a call from my sister she wanted
me to hold onto a piece of evidence for
oversee that's the same thing I said
this isn't new information so here we go
when did you arrive out of the office
right around 9:00 the lights were off
and I could smell blood right you're
amazing weird because you know our our
cult gathering was just you know a
couple days earlier and I didn't think
we're scheduled for another meeting for
no uniform next week
bleep what could happen we're synched up
though it's at that part of it
oh you know let's just mr. Tinkham yeah
women living together you know it
happens it happens jack yeah Phoenix
what I found her my sister Thanks
that's all I need to hear for now okay
present examine examine no this gives us
this no let's examine that dude this
guard monitors the visitors room he
hasn't moved an inch
a real pro this guy one of these bars
camera I can examine the camera smile
for the camera something like you're
gonna follow that up with like bitch I
was and then I stopped my sense this has
been a bitch heavy stream man I wanted
to stop all the bitches quit your
bitching this is I was listening I was
listening to a lot of hip-hop on my way
over I love bad bitches I've got a
fucking problem I fuck bad bitches
that's my fucking problem that's the
song I was listening to right before I
came here it's a song yeah okay
what's wrong with music it's great it's
great hey Sam I don't I don't I have no
idea what to do here move
ooh I there's presents what'd she have
to say about the murder weapon that we
apparently have
no way the memo she have to say about
the memo well no that's the number she
gave to me Oh
let's uh let's give her the receipt we
did that earlier can I look at say
mother murder weapon I wanted to ask you
about the murder weapon I have the
latest gangster that's right it's not a
song it's a way of life that's true
my a SAP ninjas in the house because I
can't say the other end word so you say
ninjas that's what they say or suckas
poor sis better not ask about this now
remember that receipt I mean the one
with my name on it
no we talked about this no bitch the one
from Qdoba of course the one with your
name on it any idea why she absolutely
none now a final other than the fact
that we're bitter enemies do you trust
me your physics
if you're gonna be your lawyer you have
to you have to lie you know what lawyers
lie also Phoenix is a sucker
he's like a Rube however you want to
play it yes I trust everyone I trust you
I trust you Maya
why yes don't you think I did it too
okay living we'd all be able to take all
of the evidence
I'm obviously crazy no I don't it's just
a hunch
but that Detective thinks I did it
damn right I do honey pie oh I'm out of
the other side of that glass
I gotta I gotta I got a cup to my ear up
to the wall we're recording all this
shit I kissed I don't need to all right
all right you know what I want to
examine something I don't know I want to
examine a thing oh wait I'm gonna court
record can I I want to look at it like I
want to flip it over what is the receipt
for
department store receipt with letters
written in blood on the back okay it
doesn't give me the opportunity okay
Oh nope okay move
we can either go to the a in coal
offices or the Grossberg loft that's
okay yeah let's go there he's gonna be
representing what the prosecution or
something weird
you're sure September 6 gross big law
office according to the receptionist the
big boss is out and while we wait for
the big boss everybody let's stand up it
is time to stand up this is totally
gonna be the murderer
oh is it okay everybody just stand up
Brooke would love bad bitches that's my
fucking problem
fuck bad bitches that's my fucking
problem
and the actual words aren't I fuck bad
bitches that's not like a problem it's
and I love the fuck that's my fucking
problem but in my head I assume that
means that they fucked bad bitches do
you get what I'm saying you get it you
guys get it you guys get it you all get
it all right anytime great okay
all right the big boss is out let's do
this
mónica oh yeah that works to jump into
the painting like Mario that's a good
idea I will try clicking on the painting
all right rich the big boss is out
she couldn't say when he'd be back
it must be hard to keep track of
everything when you're a famous lawyer
huh
one day rich one day not to mention run
an office like this I mean look at that
painting it's ever it's of a man and a
sunset oh it's so so classy I guess I'll
just have to come back a later let's
look at that painting let's jump in that
but painting has been bugging me ever
since I stepped in here that's so ugly
no look it's a man and a Sun why is he
holding his crotch like that
the oil paint is so thick it's
practically giving me a stuffed nose
what oh it must be a fresh painting what
I'm sure the price is nothing to sneeze
at either for that matter yes that oil
paintings what's this what's this
expensive looking mahogany bookshelves
filled with expensive looking books
funny look like they've ever been read
Oh
sick burn Phoenix sick burn I say to
myself maybe that means he can afford
the Internet Phoenix have you considered
that possibility he hires he hires
someone just to read him all of these
books alright let's look at that desk a
solid mahogany desk the woods been
polished to a deep luster oh oh shit one
of the books on his desk I'm about to
polish my wood to his wood you know I'm
saying it's what I got it's what I got
none
it's just mahogany what's this a table
for clients an elegant
evany case and if I'm not mistaken that
lighters made of solid gold even I can
tell someone here's got money to burn
should I examine the plant oh yeah sure
sure Phoenix is that expensive potted
plant
what are you doing in my office looking
at my Blitz it's not pluck look it's not
plastic oh that I closed Chetty you
might have son of a bitch all right
remove say in coal law offices get it
back rich there's a bag in the back you
got it September 6
phaon company law offices the office is
filled with police officers they're all
busily searching for clues all of which
I am stolen he'll be the perfect defense
as I am stolen all of the evidence
against my client
this is a crime say bad no just messing
oh wait sorry don't I know you from
somewhere buddy wait you're that dead
but sky aren't you Seymour butts that's
a joke it's just such a nobody I don't
remember your stupid name no I'm Phoenix
Wright who I thought you were somebody
else actually I was joking about the
Seymour butts I thought you were Phil
though Phil coud it'll happen
Phil could diddle offer never mind he
was probably right and Heward detective
gumshoe Sonny ponds
actually it's Sonny bonds get it right
that just serviced Sonny buns who saw
somebody Oh is the murderer right the
question marks
wait no I'm Phoenix who's the question
marks I I think that's supposed to be
him we know he's detective gumshoe hang
on that's detective bonds to me anyway
get the name right oh did I choose the
wrong answer and don't go calling me
dick I might have chosen the wrong
because I'm a detective
it's fine oh the question marks cuz they
didn't want us to see the name right I
might have chosen what did you say well
I thought I said detective gumshoe but
okay Biden Cliffjumper maybe I don't li
I clicked on the wrong thing
filmmaker freak says yes I've got such a
prereq ssin right now nice hashtag fart
bag lol fuck my cock I I had forgotten
about that at the current moment and
forgotten about your farts back so ya
lawyer right pal you've got business
here you'd better do it quick like a
rabbit who do you think's I'm Maya's
lawyer okay quick and prolifically exam
the shit out of this place real quick
why is Mia's favorite potted plant I
remember it had this bizarre name no one
could ever remember Caroline strict up
pal I know my plants who was that no oh
because it wasn't me
Mia's desk perfectly clean as always the
only thing it's missing the sky is blue
and so am i Phoenix there's that hotel
right across the way hey what's this a
picture an old mo or an old movie poster
apparently this was the first movie that
made me a cry when she saw it and she
always wanted to remember how sad she
was that's say see you could have picked
like like Space Jam Space Jam elevator
cried it was space check no I just
thought it was weird or she was just
like I remember how sad that movie was
I'm gonna girls jack girl you know I
don't women books there's a horrendous
amount of legal books here scarier still
is that Mia probably read all of these
now like another guy right he was a dick
let's talk to this guy oh yeah sure
about miss Faye did you do an autopsy
what you want another result said she's
yeah her head was beaten with an object
we can't find the object though there's
no much the strangest thing there's no
murder weapon at the scene of the crime
here you just tuck this thing behind my
back a little further it's not it's not
the murder weapon or evidence it's not
the murder weapon well then I better pay
no mind then yep just tucking it behind
my back
about a chunk of skull fo off this whole
thing it really doesn't matter I've got
a whole bag here full of murder weapons
I'll just plant one or two of them
she might have been your boss that
doesn't mean you get the special
treatment Bubba alright alright you can
see the report but that's all just the
report the whole report that's all
though everything you wanted I guess you
can have it but I guess unless you're
like you know the the attorney and then
you I guess you'd need to see all the
evidence in that case at least have to
be the case if I cared anything about
justice about Maya
yeah I'm looking forward to that child
fell sorry pal sorry pal but this is one
trail you aren't going to win you
motherfucker
why would you say that because I'm
planting all of this evidence the cities
the cities put prosecutor Edgeworth on
the prosecution that's worth I'm sure
you know what that means being a bright
Missy mr. fancy pants lawyer man at all
Phil I don't
I'm woefully woefully ignorant you know
that phrase fake it until you make it
well I haven't made it yet but you're
pretty familiar with people faking it
though I check n how did you hear of
that nickname everyone talks about that
it's all over town
wait you do know him don't you mr. mr.
Edgeworth
is he the guy that we were supposed to
get no they were that was big well you
could answer honestly or you would
answer like a lawyer okay no no no him
of course I know him yes yeah everyone
fears him I certainly wasn't using
context clues don't talk about him that
way you make him sound barely human so
I'm afraid this pretty much decides the
case so Edgeworth is on this one he
hasn't lost a case since he became
prosecutor at the incredibly young age
of 20 of course there are rumors his
back-alley deals and forged evidence not
a rumor I've been forging the evidence
all day here at the crime scene I'm
sorry am I talking out loud I really
thought that was in my head sometimes
it's hard to tell the difference well
usually when your lips are moving and
audible things are being heard that
means you're speaking out loud and
sudden oh I'm very sorry I haven't been
able to feel my face for a month now
it's all this it's mean it's that Botox
right stuff stuff some miracle toxin
it's a miracle tax a lot of drugs that I
do you have no idea the amount of
illegal drugs I have on me at this exact
moment shit wait did you want to show
him any of the actual evidence present
yeah
I was wondering do you know anything
about this said the real better weapon
that's that yeah that's yeah that's the
murder weapon you it listen I'm gonna be
real with you you should not have this
okay just just gonna point that right
out there terminate it yourself here
yeah why'd you remove that from the
crime scene what kind of lay are you
mister
he thinks the clock is just a statue -
I'm starting to wish I'd never seen this
thing no I guess he doesn't want it
that's fine I'll just hold on to it the
glass this there was broken glass at the
crime scene right yeah yeah yes there
was crime scene things get broken seems
like a glass stand next to the victim
fell over the glass shards with pieces
of the broken stand
there was a piece of paper next to the
victim wasn't there yeah I have one with
a killers name written on it
are you sure that Mia wrote it herself
given the condition of the writing it's
hard to say if it's her handwriting an
odd there's no proof that Mia ruin it
okay mental note I thought that was
obvious
fortune note I was wondering did you see
Maya's Maya face cell phone oh then yeah
it got that you want it you see the
other evidence
let this do cuz then you could just
bring it all to the car we like to have
at least some real evidence up to the
plausibility do you think you could let
me hold on to that for a little bit yes
sure wait wait a minute bail tricky
lawyer face I don't like scumbag Leia's
oh he's on to me
your lawyer Jack your lawyer your lawyer
yeah but I think Phoenix is a terrible
liar like I'm a lawyer but I don't think
I'm that good of a lawyer you know I'm
saying so it's like I might as well just
be honest yeah yeah maybe not so
straight yeah okay okay okay I can I
can't be straight with this guy I'm but
what should I tell him something the
matter
oh no yeah that that carrying strap on
that particular cell phone yeah this it
says the the steel samurai warrior you
have Neo Tokyo the steel Center I that
Action Hero on TV is something new yeah
you see that oh yeah this is what it is
you see that strap right there that is a
collector's item
I
I need that she you know and so she was
worried but it doesn't come off the
phone so I guess I might I might need
the phone as well you see me um who is
it
is it hot in here that's so she just so
that's what she said yes that was it hmm
okay pal I wrote down all the number she
called anyway why don't you just take
this and yeah you know you keep that
strap safe seems you didn't notice the
recorded conversation haha what a chump
what an absolute don't I guess I've
asked all the questions I need to you're
done pal
oh yes oh of course thank you I'll
certainly be heading out now
Hey leaving leaving your general area
really quickly but not too quickly as to
arouse suspicion hey way to admit it
there one more thing I wanted to mention
to you I don't suppose you're planning
on talking to that witness anyway you'd
better not what no influencing the
witness with you FNC loyally ways there
pal I'm pretty sure she gets to see a
lawyer right putting that out there dad
that's just like the rules that she gets
to see her lawyer
Oh Oh the wit witness oh okay come to
think of it I had completely forgotten
about her but how could you look at her
Jesus Christ rich I know she's got
pretty big tits thinking about leaving
my whore wife taking a stab at that you
know you say your wife is a whore messy
she used to be it's a long story
witness what yeah miss April May
mother's name was June her middle names
October which I quite frankly I think
that's a little bit blatant your
favorite show is madman starring that
January Jones we don't know why I can't
figure it out anyway but I can't I'm
sorry but I can't tell you anything
about it don't be against the rules that
I've made up well you just told me her
name miss me so you've sent her home
already then hey you tried your lawyer
tricks on me now well I'm on to you
she's not to go outside her room until
the trial so she's still in the hotel
across the way yeah yeah she's a witness
and we're illegally holding her in house
arrest
like like completely illegally there's
no grounds we have to do this in the in
the American justice system the you know
every lawyer has to like present their
evidence to the other lawyer yeah give
them equal access to all the evidence
yeah but yeah this is an American I
guess I should know better than to try
to get a detective to leak information
err or do something stupid like like
give away a vital piece of evidence good
thing I didn't do that right
that'll pay a visit with me but oh we
can check the phone let's do that now we
heard all this this was in the intro
yeah okay great great great what's in
the envelope is the autopsy report and
we can't check it for summary Oh single
blunt-force trauma
death was instantaneous be horrific if
the game said slow and painful wouldn't
it do you think it's a lingering death
do you think it's non painful
well you want to Grossberg offices I
know so I saw someone say that I missed
a piece of evidence here what's that
bear thing bison or whatever that is I
think I clicked on that do I need to
look further the fake plant yeah what
else is on the desk what's that that box
thing is it a cell phone
what is that let's see here and I'll
look into
evany case and if I'm not mistaken that
lighter is made of solid gold okay let's
look at the couch I saw like I was
sneaking at the chat and the chat said
that we missed something
looking on the floor this is just a desk
is there anywhere else to go in this law
office was like a different room no no
they'd give you like little arrows on
the bottom
he's gone chants saying map map I check
the map of Dagobah never mind that oh
yeah I thought I put it on the when you
put it on the globe which just says
expensive-looking mohammed ii mohammed
ii what about the different things on
top of his desk it's all mahogany Jason
I don't know if we missed anything here
guys there was evidence I saw someone
say that we missed a piece of evidence
here oh come on
like I'm the frame you gotta be shit
yeah I guess we'll find it
nope no frame oh you're right okay yeah
you're right alright I'm getting out of
here all right we gotta go talk to this
is bitty alright gate water Hotel we
gotta talk to September 6 gate water
hotel room 303 it's vitally important to
the case madam I need a plaster cast of
your bust it's very very important to
the case you start taking off your shirt
I'm going to get the mud and the video
camera ready you just do that very vital
today we're hello there hi insulin holy
shit
I write real you're the law aren't you
take him tell me he said they'll sign
know that lor pal levy maybe maybe maybe
I could convince her not to speak while
we were dating that would be fantastic
that would be fantastic
well gee is I like some my movie sauce
Oakside I hardly contain myself oh let
me go freshen up so as I can look the
part of the beautiful eyewitness I'd
pity the lawyer that has to
cross-examine this one what I know I'll
snoop around her room ah yes you know I
think I'll try the panty drawer there's
a screwdriver stuck in this room there's
a screwdriver stuck in this drawer the
phone was being rich well there's only
like what five screwdrivers in the whole
county and we and each of them is GPS
geotag it what are you doing now
touching I think she won't fit me unless
it's my double D's ooh bad boy I like it
you really shouldn't pry into other
people's rooms now I'm holding my hands
up like a kitty cat or a bunny is
something I think I'm some kind of
animal I might be crazy lost my mind
that handsome the fuck am i doing with
my arms what the fuck is she doing with
her arms right what is this a bottle
and two glasses are on the table
somebody must be staying with her
somebody's in cahoots with somebody yep
they're our cahoots check the view from
the window sure uh-huh
still seen painting wait should that be
a still-life whatever late summer
sunlight streams through the window
there's the Feyen Co law office building
of course you can see the inside of the
room pretty clear that's what I wanna
know I'm sorry I think it would be a
little difficult to recognize a face
from this distance though yes chair wow
I should probably take a look at this
bit miss can you help me take a look at
this bed let me hop over because
apparently I think I'm bunny rabbit
excuse me first I need to fold these
invisible sheets did you grab the other
end
it's my new negligee it's so she could
see right through it completely a simple
bed it's been recently made nothing i
catching here flowers the flowers are
fake and as expected that's not the only
thing fake in this room zing zoom all
the time really but still very rude that
was just the window apparently all right
well back let's go to Talk
let's talk to this video do you think
you could let's get this first sure
- mage says I would a fancy-pants party
can't join the night
but I wanted to say but I went to seat
but I'm but I wanted to say I went to
see pass through and no spoilers but the
audience didn't laugh and I was the only
one who clapped at all
fuck San Francisco oh no the Breen that
the Breen is an acquired taste hopefully
that's the problem
Oh or maybe he became self-aware maybe
he became just competent enough oh yeah
oh the brain
oh the brain okay so miss Biddy do you
think you could tell me something hi oh
oh do you know you needed to tell me
something well no I'll wait I wouldn t
actually ask me a question oh no just
tell me anything anything at all I like
cats
no that's why I'm pretending to hold two
of them doctor says I've got a condition
I need you to describe what's a
catastrophe first of all nice I need you
to describe what you observed at the
time of the incident
Oh observe incident oh don't you just
sound like a lawyer like from their
movies I like a man with the big
vocabulary yes that's all because I know
about you Ken word gets around all the
ladies know I'm compensating you should
see my truck that's huge
it's huge truck you know that thing that
a that happened the other the bad
Oh Phoenix miss I will talk to you at a
third grade level I want you to know
that it's probably appropriate as I am
pretending to be a bunny rabbit or
possibly a cat what did you see what had
happened
you dingy I don't suppose you could tell
me about it
pretty please well let me see
um well dream on you won't know you had
come to court tomorrow mr. lawyer mr.
big faints at pants lawyer man boy
couldn't you just who who'll exactly are
you
Oh mr. law are you hitting on my Jesus
Christ no I can only imagine you have
the clap syphilis but let's let's not
split hairs like a bunny right have a
hair I should have one was this close to
a plum not really no I judge I'm just
doing my job here miss teehee you know
you're awfully cute when you blush miss
I think you're having a stroke
hey those planes in front of my arms I
think these salt water and silicone
mixture has started seeping into your
bloodstream oh right
can you just tell me what it is you do
well not really you had your little
hopes up didn't you
I just um yes I'm certainly not a
stripper certainly not certainly not
certainly not so uh I see you have two
glasses on the table is someone staying
here with you
Oh what amazing powers of observation
you saw these two glasses and realized
someone's best ad to you you don't need
to be a bitch about it is all I'm saying
that's all I'm saying
you're really observant you asked me how
the fuck my hair got this pink and they
weird know we live in an anime world who
the fuck is hair like this have you seen
my hair it's completely disregarding the
laws of physics
no not man they're just a lawyer say mr.
big detective why don't you go look for
clues in the garbage huh
Jesus Christ I'm gonna put this out
there this biddies a cunt
what predator bitch no you went past
bitch you went full cunt miss may
doesn't like knows little lows presenter
with something
the fuck is wrong with her arms looking
her jack
that's very strict look at her rich it's
very very strange why would you why is
she doing any of this why
while she's shacking up with the
murderer of course obviously of course
of course should I pray I'm just trying
to think if I should present her with
anything besides
question is will the game hurt us if we
do is there ever a bad idea to show
people things is the question like we
can't you know can you get stuck in this
game I'm sure I think you can lose your
guy I mean I didn't I didn't I lose my
case or I came close to using my case
but well then let you use lose like
early on and then you go like you know
through a whole bunch of gameplay and
then find out you can't win like no I
think it's a case by case basis like
like kind of cases are like chapters
well I mean can we like spend another 45
minutes on this case and only to find
out something we showed her 45 minutes
ago is screwed us over
I can't imagine so 10 it's only bad then
when you do it in court
then show her all the things excuse me
oh sorry excuse me but I'm a witness
police witness you understand how could
I possibly give you any information in
good conscience soon me the witness why
it's just like in the movies I'm leaving
and never ever talking to you again I
hope you get hurt I want you to get
really hurt yeah okay hey I went to the
detention center
okay oh why is it did you meet the
lawyer I'm kind of got that summit in
there now sorry
I haven't seen him yet I see I'd better
go see if I can find us a legal lawyer
she's talking he wasn't there
seems like mr. gross burgers out well
maybe I should just wait here for him to
come back well hell yeah I call rich
you're one they say spinner looking for
me uh yes that's me who even looks
grander than I imagined oh yeah badge on
your collar yeah dear Lord now yes well
you know good you are yes yes the lawyer
yeah what do you want I'm not
particularly busy these days please
proceed I'm busy and how come no one
could get in touch with you mm-hmm
something the matter I say something you
can't see yeah the one and only Marvin
Grossberg didn't you know
well here I am boy huh what do you want
out with it well sir actually it's about
Maya Maya Fay
ah yeah yeah yes my mafia yeah go go on
why the strange reaction it's almost as
if he knew what happened yeah yeah
did you just touch on me I believe I do
um I'm really quite busy here soon
I can't go talking talking cases on her
out of days notice no it's it's quite
impossible wait a second
how did you know the trial was tomorrow
oh well Owaisi yeah anyway um I'm afraid
entirely impossible for me to represent
her I'm sorry
end of discussion what's going on he
refused me before I even got a chance to
ask him
what do I tell Maya talk your refusal
how can you just refuse like that please
tell me why you won't take the case well
we see ah I'm just busy see and all this
year pipework do my Barber's but my
client is Maya for me a face sister oh
yeah well Maya trusted you she knew her
sister would be in good hands
you incredible dick oh yeah of course I
know that I'm an incredible dick that's
what I am told however I'm sorry but uh
I almost refuse
sorry a goodbye your creep fine I don't
have to argue with you anyway I'll just
go look elsewhere grumble I think not
huh
did you say something
I say I say it off I think not I'll say
it what what could you possibly mean
well I'm terribly terribly sorry but I'm
afraid of that no lawyer weren't there
salt we'll take this particular case son
ah
I have no salt so the joke's on you
terrible sir I'm a boy why why yeah okay
I'll say you dick I'll beg your pardon
but could you leave now I'm sorry yeah
that painting I'll trick you by talking
about that painting
I'll butter you up first that's that's
quite a painting you have masterfully
done
now hi you notice well yeah that's my
Pradhan jaw president written it well in
the boy is the color of the sky he with
a see we've that straw hat there's word
at least 3 million I have no intention
to part with it of course no I won't
sell it not even do you it's not for
sale
I'm not buying it's freshly painted and
he thinks it's very expensive I think
something's happening here let's talk
about my Hermia how did you know me if a
you know she worked here a long time ago
quite The Apprentice that one yes of
course tell me more I learned my
techniques in the blink of an eye must
have been a master she laughs one day
quite suddenly hits the smell obviously
you might not be able to smell it it's
emanating from your body wife quadroon
she had a mission you say you say son a
mission you could see it in her eyes
filing it with a burning passion never
look back that one
what's up soon
show them the autopsy report look at her
dead body comfort yeah no way no I have
to go back and then back and then
present look at her dead body very
bursar but I got nothing to say
regarding this matter
look at her own blood look at her blood
very sorry but I'm afraid I've got
nothing to say in this matter
beast look look at this was the murder
weapon look at it I'm very sorry but
I've got nothing to say regarding this
matter you lawyer scum played the flute
look at that painting again obviously a
forgery obviously obviously rich get get
right out of town we all know it's a
forgery like I mean shit we got nothing
I gotta go back okay I gotta go back to
the city that dick ain't doing it
September 6
3:42 p.m. detention center visitors room
hi this is me sounding casual I have to
break extremely bad news that how you
behave in court ah ah oh yeah so you
that's your opening line hi yeah Jesus
Christ I'm so glad I'm so glad I decided
to go that other guy did you find the
lawyer you had the other guy the good
lawyer yeah you know well you yeah I
don't think you should use him he seems
like an incredible dick
he didn't see how healthy he was all
skin and bones
really cuz I've seen pictures he's quite
fat I'm a terrible liar no kidding I
wanna be your lawyer so what what
happened what really happened
you don't mean he refused to help Arab
what the fuck does that mean
the fuck's an herb just put up just put
a bee on a new foot burp the fuck's in
up I'm sorry I never learned that letter
in school I went through a very poor
college we couldn't afford the letter B
- it bandit then you've been abandoned
yes I've been abandoned you've been an
Endon an Endon because like that was my
job because we didn't have to let her be
in my college so you've been in it oh my
god that's not bad I thought you were
ignoring me because it was a terrible no
I didn't know what you were getting at
what is he what's his angle
what is his angle I don't know what his
angle is it was Oh God yonder yonder in
the chat that joke was so bad
alright alright
