XCOncore (XCOM 2) part 1
March 23, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jlIJvAp9Chk

Wow what was I gonna say now oh the
thing I just discovered that I don't
much carries in pokemon yellow you
cannot evolve your Pikachu oh I'm doing
all of these things just no fucks given
no fucks given so in general when you
use a Pikachu in Pokemon
the thing about Pikachu is he learns all
the moves and then when you evolve him
into a right you right you doesn't learn
any new moves but his stats build more
powerfully so you want to learn all your
moves as Pikachu then move on to right
you uh-huh and I had finally learned all
the moves I wanted to learn with my
Pikachu and I gave him a thunder stone
to evolve him into a Raichu and he
doesn't want to evolve because that's
what they did in the cartoon oh and
because this came out for the cartoon
they won't let you evolve your Pikachu
and it's really upsetting
dreamer cases there's no Pikachu in
yellow there's no Pichu in yellow p2 is
the unevolved form of Pikachu that's
true
so Pikachu is an evolve well in later
games in later games there they it's a
whole big deal don't even worry about it
they don't even know it's it's a whole
thing where they took classic pokemons
and gave them an even lesser form and
that's when you get into like breeding
and egg groups and whatnot it's a whole
it's a whole thing rich you can evolve
him if I trade him yeah but I know I
want him for me for fighting come
gargling oh fuck you
yeah Pichu is like a baby Pikachu I want
them for when I fight the Elite Four can
we have an ex-con game using Pokemon
instead of soldiers you want to name all
your selves you you should look into the
stardew valley mods I've seen the
Pokemon stardew valley mati
yeah more importantly here's here's my
one huge gripe with starter valley huge
yeah game breaking gripe for me right
now is when I was making my character
there was no option for a bald man
I believe you mod game-breaking rich
I'll agree with that how am I supposed
to immerse myself in the experience if I
can't have a bald man because you're
supposed to be a child playing this just
still has hair Touche look look problem
only when I play games I'm happy to
pretend I'm not bald oh yeah and that
one with all the hair that's that's me
we missed it oh my god
this is there indeed yes
from tired and sad I was away from the
chat so you may have talked about it
what did you think of Zack Snyder saying
that the force awakened was given a free
pass for civilian casualties rather than
Man of Steel
the force awakens isn't about
superheroes who dedicate themselves to
protecting lives force awakens is about
war literally that's in the title that's
in the title of the movie rich the
Avengers got away with it by having the
heroes actually be concerned about the
loss of life going around on around them
that's true
it happened yeah people were getting
hurt but they weren't happy about it
they were they were sad was like I know
Kara's punched him in the face yeah
that's amazing
make a perimeter and keep these aliens
from getting to the rest of the city
because we have to protect the rest of
the city from this horror that's going
on around us that's right that's right
that's how you do it that's how you do
it
riches on top of it okay so here's a
here's my Pokemon team so we got Pikachu
we got a Charmander who's a Charmeleon
at this point we got a Bulbasaur
we got mu which is awesome I have
Gyarados and I have a Jigglypuff and
it's a dream team it's a great team I'm
murdering absolutely everyone I just got
the psychic TM for my mew and so it's a
murder fest no one no one can touch me
I've been running with this team since
like level 10 and I'm at 26 now and get
into the
fourth Jim I'm just at like the tower of
the ghost tower anyway this this first
mission here yeah actually one of the
hardest in the game
I'm higher difficulty levels oh yeah
why's that
because you're all rookies and you're
facing groups in them with like three at
a time
mmm wait later early missions you only
see groups that only have like two one
of them is a sec toy do you not to worry
about them yeah so one guy you're gonna
kill not so much this first mission not
at all with this first mission
you're gonna leg this Jack my strategy
is to stay on the roof the rain ah di
I'm not purposely ignoring you I'm a lot
of chat happening I'm trying to keep up
with the chat I just saw someone
mentioned Pokemon Conquest which they
say is like a Pokemon X down No so look
for that in the future why is mr. mime a
Pokemon right that's weird he's a very
humanoid Pokemon mr. mime is very creepy
happy what happened to our screen our TV
oh okay we're probably not going to play
a day of the tentacle remastered because
neither of us are huge into
point-and-click adventure games so
probably not going to happen
surrender Odie it's a type of song of
the Renault D okay I'm sorry the Renault
D I'm not purposefully ignoring you I'm
just I'm just trying to get work why
does he think he or she think you're
purposely well you know like because I
like I look at the chat and if I don't
say what they're saying and if they
repeat it a couple of times I could see
yeah that's fine sometimes sometimes we
don't answer questions cuz we just don't
have a great answer and and that's true
or else like the
right above you right below you asks a
question and tell us your thoughts and
Days of Thunder what are you about Days
of Thunder
I can you tell me I can I need to know
what you thought what a great NASCAR
movie I haven't seen it I haven't seen
it don't know what anybody brought mello
Yello into my life I need to know you
think about Days of Thunder Tom Cruise
is a national treasure except for when
he's a crazy man
I really enjoy him as an actor though if
you if we would give it a lease out
right I know Lisa is a game I've heard a
lot about I know almost nothing about it
though I've we've heard about it though
I want to say that um we've looked into
that for like a first four hours of or
something and maybe decided against it I
don't think we're against it but I don't
know I don't remember I don't remember I
don't know hey guys do you like stuff
I'm going to ask about this repeatedly
Billa hecka we love stuff some stuff we
don't like as much as other stuff and
some stuff we like even more than the
stuff that we didn't like for the first
stuff I have nightmares about people not
discussing Days of Thunder that's great
you've never seen Days of Thunder no
that one is huge when it came out I
don't give a shit about NASCAR he was
the the dullest sport it is and I'm a
fan of baseball that was good bit Oh
zinger I do not drive around in this
circle for five hours oh boy but rich
we're gonna drive around like super fast
in a circle only the camera zoom didn't
look that fast really it really doesn't
yeah that's why that's why it needs to
be a movie because then you can edit it
and make it look all cool I do not have
a good meatloaf recipe I'm sorry we may
or may not get on Dark Souls 3 as you
know rich and I are big fans of
blood-borne
or just not in the Dark Souls world
three might be great I don't know
there's so much shed there's to play so
much shit
I think it would be great going right
from stardew valley to Dark Souls 3 it's
like you're in first gear and you're
just kind of like going down a quiet
like like heading down your driveway
you're in first gear and you just kick
it up to fifth gear and just trip over
yourself I think that would be great
what do I think about neo brains ball
sack it's beautiful it's the best ball
sack ever it it holds the hope of the
future generations of Breen's that's why
it was an incredible sight ooh
if that is true Jambo insky Dark Souls 3
is made by the blood-borne team on the
blood-borne engine I like that I like
the blood-borne would you guys consider
doing a night of playing a few donated
games for about half an hour each you
know that's it's always nice unless we
actually start enjoying a game and then
it's like I want to keep playing this I
was gonna say I've been following the
guy who's making oh what a crappy
fucking the blood-borne board game and
apparently he's doing he's doing like
beta tests of it right now the
blood-borne board game and I'm really
excited about that Louis is not working
out
fuck three guys on the roof decent aim
and make one of those fucking overwatch
shots you worthless bastards fucking
worthless bastards they're all rookies
rich what are you expecting from him I
hate rookies I'm very sorry seven of
Borg knife is rich no what is the ideal
first-round matchup for the Blackhawks
in the Stanley Cup Playoffs not I my
first would admit I am an extremely fair
weathered fan and I have no idea
great fun watch get around a food of I
have never have enriched have you ever
tried tabletop simulator no I have not
either I the the thing I like about
board games is touching the things that
is the strangest thing what this guy did
not make a move or anything on his turn
who this guy yeah yeah so it's just
weird oh you mean a bad guy yeah did he
hunker down he didn't do anything that
is very strange
fuck for all the good it did me yep
Jack where's a good place to get royalty
free music for movies your mom your if
your mom is a talented musician then yes
that's that's really tough depending on
where you're gonna play them if you are
a YouTube partner YouTube has a ton of
stock music a lot of it is pretty
generic but it depends on where your
movies playing because the royalty
agreements change for the release of
your movie if it's online only there's
many options and like I said YouTube has
a bunch of really adequate royalty-free
music very very adequate free music that
you can use in your YouTube videos
there's there's a bunch of sites out
there that say like oh you know pay five
dollars if if it's internet only paid
twenty dollars if it's a small run movie
pay a hundred thousand dollars if it's a
big run movie some mr. Pibbs I do not
know anyone who uses YouTube red rich do
you know anyone who uses root no I've
forgotten about YouTube red the only
reason I'm reminded of it is every time
I open up the YouTube app on my phone
and says hey ray you know ad-free it
helped splatter PewDiePie's guys sure
sure it's apparently people trying to
scare all my so crazy he's gonna scream
try to make goofy faces are like all the
faces you think you like this face you
like this face you like this place
you're like this week we got all the
faces from Cuba it's gonna be the
greatest
fuck fuck you this see this is the
hardest mission in the fucking game oh I
like this statue up another thing um
leftover beefcake says hey guys now that
you're done with police quests
you should really play DC Universe
Online for the ps4 it's free you fucks
I'm hopping on the gobbledygook strongly
absolutely hop on that trolley you know
what I didn't bring the ps4 today I
really thought we had a lot longer in
police quest 282 that ended very
abruptly for me so oh my god I'm getting
lucky this game is so exciting I only
just noticed there's no game audio it's
not true oh you probably the game audio
turned varied turned down a lot to
compensate for the dosbox as soon as
rich is able to we will turn up the game
audio for you
thank you loco he roll over here says
dear Jack space cop was great although I
really think they should have used your
unedited voice for the alien I agree I
agree I thought that like that was the
kind of the joke we came up with onset
was like my alien just talked completely
normal and that's why you know he's just
very calm and normal talking oh there it
is stand up timer stand up timer
BBB beep everybody stand up like all of
my alien voices I placed several of the
aliens a couple different aliens I want
to I want to say play for different
aliens and for three of them I had a
voice and they modulated all of my
voices that's terrible terrible terrible
rich they tore apart my art my art of
acting
-
start new timer like I was acting rich I
was acting the shit out of stuff I was
not the one who got my head ripped off I
was the one I was the one in that
hallway who said space cop what are you
doing and I felt like I had a really
good delivery for that you know those
two idiots took cover behind a brain
Carl civilians absolutely they should be
smarter all right well not terrible
that's great not terrible I know I like
it's that hallway I felt like I had a
really good delivery and they messed it
up in modulation also my yeah my my
other alien with the impairments I won't
give too much away for those who haven't
seen it yet but it's fine it's fine
but I guess basically what I'm saying is
I'm currently suing Mike and Jay and
rich it's not your baby I'm suing them
for improperly showcasing my craft and
it's a lawsuit that I that I think is
going to help bring light to a lot of
actors whose work gets butchered in the
editing Bay you know
oh yes and rich yeah yes
when are we gonna get the whole Edit of
space cap that's nothing but the we need
we need to all like all the outtakes and
the non edited voices that I mean that
obviously that's never gonna happen but
tired tired and said I'm very sorry did
that happen when I was standing up Hey
tired senses hey Jack with two versions
of Superman three separate Batman and
spider-man franchises and two separate
x-men series do you think we're finally
entering the beginning of the end of
constant comic book films we've been
there for a while the the answer is
right now no because they have to stop
making money yes and right now they're
still making a lot of money and really
as long as there are a couple good ones
a year so we already got Deadpool right
Deadpool is a good one
I haven't seen again shame on me haven't
seen it either and Civil War looks like
it's gonna be a good one that'll be two
good superhero movies though it's gonna
keep happening those are gonna make
money it's gonna keep happening over and
over and over and over again you did not
miss police quest - we've finished the
game yeah Hunchback Jack we defeated the
death angel you'll have to go back and
watch that again again I have never let
it slip my children still do not know
that there are prequel movies the oldest
one is now eight clearly they've heard
it from school or somewhat well here's
the thing they know that there's more
other Star Wars like you know we've seen
the the cartoons the the clone war
cartoons yeah you know we've watched
rebels we've we've like ran into some
Clone Wars toys here and there
they have no concept that it's a real
movie and I love that they love because
they love the four movies
gobbledygook says leftover beefcake you
stole my DC Universe Online stick
seriously you will get a good solid
half-hour fun it's a good beat em up
system don't worry it's not like
Warcraft flying around metropolis is fun
gobbledygook it is gonna happen for what
the DC Universe Online okay it's free
you fucks you fucks it is going to
happen I'm gonna bring in my ps4 one of
these days gonna happen using some
cosmetic mods for the first time oh yeah
and if you're gonna recreate some of the
equipment from XCOM one why would you
why would you recreate the ugliest armor
in the game
the chaps why the ugliest are that big
silver chest thing okay it's just it's
just hideous I mean I'm sure they'll
come across the movies eventually they
know basically what I'm saying is they
know that there's a bigger Star Wars
universe but they only know that there's
four movies shit my injuries just might
Grenadier oh no oh no oh yeah rich could
you uh once you're done with this can
you all TAV and turn up the game audio
oh sure
Deadpool's surpassed Man of Steel
recently at the box office it's not
shocking Superman well wait
it's it opened today the first Man of
Steel not the better versus Superman
oh there we go thank you sorry sorry
bring hey the same thought at first
course it did like opening day what are
you talking about
okay so Deadpool has now made more money
than Man of Steel pre surpassed it
hahahahahaha Deadpool made more money
it's been out longer like ever I eat
your sardines in the morning nice get
some I get some protein first thing in
the morning that'll do you good cuz some
toasts maybe even a little guacamole
that's what that's what I like get some
nice thick toast layer guacamole put
your sardines on top tasty morning treat
plenty of fiber plenty of protein little
salt on like like chunky salt put some
chunky salt on it brush your teeth
afterwards coz you don't want to talk to
people after you've just eaten sardines
and guacamole you did it's true it's
tasty I love it but it will not make
friends jack enrich what is one movie
you could always put on and be engaged
and happy we're gonna do something I
don't normally do oh sure we're net
crazy right
and you but you know what the crazy part
is you're making yourself the other
Ranger
I like shotguns it's my favorite class I
just I'm just that big of a sort I know
yeah shockingly my favorite class that's
the one I'm naming after myself
I'm just so completely wreck I just know
you had a sword my face huh what face is
that you got to make it look like yours
yeah I know which is the most rich Evans
Diaz face chat vote on a face let me see
f we can work with f f yeah we can work
with that
okay so you got it you where do we even
start with this you need a baseball cap
obviously the real van says Jack have
you ever read any of Bill Pete's books
for your boys my dad read them to me
when I was growing up in there great
bill Pete I don't know let me look him
up
all right wait wait which that one this
this one nope this one that one yeah
yeah okay um in color where's Lily white
no no bill Pete books no five o'clock
shadow probably just find the clutch how
do you think is best
I mean like it depends on which rich
Evans were going with is it if it's fat
Koch house four five o'clock shadow is
all right this is looking good this is
looking good we'll get there
we'll get there we've tried um you know
we've tried some Rahl doll and they're
just not quite into it yet Linda was
taken said your kids one day telling you
that they've seen and loved the prequels
equals a Southern Baptist kids coming
out as gay oh that would be tough know
what's what's gonna happen is you're
setting them up to be let down in the
future yes no I'm letting them enjoy
themselves yeah but some there's gonna
come a day when I was like oh my god
there's more
I'll be there with them I will be there
with them I tried to protect you from I
try no but I like because I won't let
him get excited there's there's more
movies yeah but they're really bad it
was one it was a what where that head
yep
sometimes it takes a while for the body
but I think a mod might be fuckin with
things so like I'm using mods I know I
remember that happened to me a lot check
what's what's your what's your favorite
class
my favorite class yes I give me make me
the heavy the Grenadiers well yeah we're
probably just not gonna see 20 days
that's I'll do it that's fine I'll do it
you know what the person in the chat
shouldn't be a wounded person so yeah
exactly there you go
no it'll be fine like I I remember them
seeing like promos and stuff for the
Michael Bay Ninja Turtle movie yeah and
and I'm just going like why are the
turtles so ugly that's like yes that's a
good question kids good question and
every time they see like a DVD if it's
are like you the ugly turtles and that
makes me happy perfect
no give him the hair give him the
flowing locks you want it I don't know
I'm joking all right let me see the fit
let me see the ya know that's pretty
good
I'd say be might be the best yeah yeah
just be little longer gotta give me some
classes now DS not terrible that's too
right that's too rugged too rugged
that's too manly I'm being nice
nope don't be nice I'm being nice it's
funnier if you're not upper face prop
hey those are like exactly my glasses
all right okay now you have to make me
pale as the day is long there you go huh
there you go
that's perfect that's great now can you
take like can you make him siccing
sickeningly skinny no all right let's
pick a random person here okay random
person I see these role huh it's a real
person random Pete's a roll person
random the first person I saw after you
said that it was a Michelle a mich e/l
last name 187
I'm almost through daredevil season two
I'm an episode 9 of daredevil season 2
enjoying it very much I'm enjoying it
very much rich has only seen part of
episode 1 obviously we'll have a
discussion about it a little bother I'm
very sorry that as soon as rich said
that boom I saw the first person to type
something was ah Michelle it's it's
lupus
this time it's lupus this time it's
lupus house reference I can only assume
yep it's always lupus or it's never
lupus there's gonna be this dude who's
gonna be that dude that's gonna be
Krieger
Kri e ger 7 8 3 who aptly said if I get
named I will shit you just happened to
say now you have shit now now you have
to shit alright it should be enough for
a mission there you go I'm glad you
finally saw the abyss I'll skip the
cutscene so I'm sorry I'm very glad you
finally saw the abyss it's been a long
time since I've seen the abyss don't
normally do that what skip the cutscenes
but I think yeah we had we had some
streams I think it's appropriate
it's appropriate that he's good for
cutscenes in any case do you remember
anything about the abyss yeah it's good
okay seven of Borgnine thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
this one james camera we're still making
great science fiction films remember
that but it's been a long time since I
seen it but I remember living it I
remember leaving it oh it's rich did you
turn up the game audio
yes you did good
great great I'm glad you turned up the
game audio before and not now not rich
Evans is Vietnamese son says the abyss
was the first booby I saw on the big
screen whose booby training places Jamie
Lee Curtis
yeah wait on the big screen you saw that
in the theater I don't think I have the
name oh you know what that was that we
should have been there that would have
been at home yeah in the theater I'm not
sure though you know what that was that
was a fine booby I'll tell you what that
Jamie Lee Curtis is trading places
boobies
damn fine I'm sure I wore out that spot
in the video ha ha ha ha ha ha it's
really weird how it gets all fuzzy and
faded we're only at this part and a
couple minutes before in a couple
minutes after the crash
yay did we crash everything I'm sorry
the video feed is dead can you guys
still hear us
oh this is a bad one everything oh my
god this is a really bad one I can't get
the task manager
wait oh I'm very slowly and XCOM to test
this only happens when I stream is
pretty label when I'm not streaming you
know you know yeah a lot of things
happen right now
hold on
whoops OBS crashed would you like to
send a crash report
