Pre-emptive "Jesus Christ Shut Up!!! RE7" (Part 1)
January 25, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PhXMeG_qPSY

okay all right we're streaming which is
not really full screen but all right you
know what I think we can see the screen
enough it's fine fixing it I'm fixing it
rich you're fixing an area fixing it hey
everybody how we doing how we doing
there we go now we're working we're
getting Resident Evil 7 out of the way
at least I am I have zero interest in
this Jack do you have interest in this
it's that same kind of curiosity you
know yep when you when you think there
might be a dead animal outside you don't
really want to see it I know it's the
hot new game the hot new Resident Evil
the the big franchise oh shit
so you know we play the new game we've
done a that's depressing we've got a dog
and fast motion runs joy we've done a
bunch of indie games recently and so
it's like yeah let's do it let's do a
big-budget game all right all right
big-budget game why not
maybe fine you know what it's like
scratch what scratch scratch what's the
ratch it's gonna rain ething they said I
wouldn't I wouldn't worry about it too
much already worried about it did
everyone did everyone listened to
hallelujah money I think Jack likes it I
don't I don't understand things
how are us two hacks tie us all fucks
not hacks fucks well we're fine
oh I'm fine
let me guess rich hates our e7n even
played re7 go fuck yourself based off
take your Resident Evil series and shove
it up your ass
based off of the menus give me a quick
first impression of our seven rich
doesn't like anything because he doesn't
like the things I like and those are the
only things that count you know that's
true rich you know it's true all right
our refresh rate is up and ready to go
finish this up eighty she was eighty
years too young
I'm sure Mary Tyler Moore lived a long
and fruitful life yeah this up
well you're already and you die it's not
you're not really shocking and I'd be
bad if you really enjoyed that person
sure no sad sure but you know what it
really for me like anything over
seventeen like I thought you you made it
eighty eighty over eighty and you can't
call it a tragedy right I agree alright
let's uh get a new game up ending but
it's sad that she's gone right what do
we think yeah difficulty yeah I'm ok
with that normal not playing this in VR
is missing most of the point you'll hate
this
she's on the wrong side of the uncanny
valley the eyes aren't bad the mouth is
really messed up but yeah it looks
alright yeah but it's close enough to
real where you're in the creepy
territory yes I agree
whoa what's happening Audio seems to
only be coming in via the mics I think
that was just shitty audio deliberately
that was important as soon as we're done
with the scene I'll up it up I'll up the
audio Ray is a game audio please okay I
will as soon as we're done with the
things over here her ti no her teeth
were really weird leftover beefcake says
since I can't hear this shit anyway
gorillas doing the soundtrack to Hideo
Kojima's new game oh well star do my
valley I know I had rich listen to the
song just cuz I've been a little
obsessed with it over the weekend I'm
actually shocked I forgot to talk about
it on Sunday but Sunday was a whirlwind
for me so I was just tired but it's it's
just a it's a very weird song this
hallelujah money by the gorillas and
it's fascinating to me I I just really
dig it and every time I hear it I hear I
hear something new you know and it it
just makes me fall in love with it this
is this weirdos thing can I turn no this
weirdo singer this kind of off-kilter
beat it sounds like it doesn't really go
together the beat in the song and then
it all comes together for the first
hallelujah and then it goes down to
acting it was hallelujah monday I just
love it I flip in Sri Chen says I am
super excited for tonight I went in
thinking this game is gonna suck but it
was actually alright and plays homage to
old resident evil not saying you have to
like it or be interested of course hi-oh
can't knew what he was like is still
like this is fit in with anything
watch me I'm not like us I'm not a
resident evil' fan I got my stick
working and you know the only resident
evil' whoa fuck the only Resident Evil
game I have ever enjoyed is Resident
Evil 4 which was a little camp e'er that
was the we won and had the we shooting
right gamecube gamecube gamecube game
yeah GameCube well it started on the
Gamecube and then they got you got to
others or to the other stuff too but
yeah I was a GameCube game it was great
ok it's great super fun very campy rkt
but it didn't take itself too seriously
I hated the old Resident Evil games
because of the the static camera so this
is not connected to the other games it's
kind of like a soft reboot like every
three games are anyway
ok ok
okay we'll check this gate out see
what's going on with this gate check
Lamont says keep up the good work
gentlemen
love your honest opinions and don't let
the haters get to you
Prust haters there's a post thing is
Prost Prost Prost is how you say you
know salute or like it's how you toast
in German when it comes to zombie games
Dead Rising 1 & 2 is 5 it is pretty good
but one it's my favorite
one's fairly in the spirit of your
classic Romero zombies Resident Evil's a
lot of bizarre stuff with corporations
and secret agents yeah and superpowers
no love for left for dead
Oh for what I'm not much of a
multiplayer guy I'm I'm largely a
single-player gamer and as far as
left4dead goes I'm not personally a fan
of fast zombies slow zombies are creepy
in a way that fast zombies can't be sure
art oh yeah and I love like left for
dead it was amazing multiplayer gameplay
I really like that
a slow zombie is fucking walking corpse
it is def embodied a fast zombie well I
will admit is a bigger actual threat is
just kind of a monster that's running
towards you
what do I think of dead rising 4i I
think they stripped out everything I
liked about Dead Rising one liked
everything I liked about Dead Rising
what is gone the core the heart of Dead
Rising was the fucking timer let's do
that that's too challenging that's too
dumb people want dumb entertainment
really they just want dumb games that
they can play and not bank at all Dead
Rising 1 is a fucking time management
game first and foremost so the series is
kind of like a zombie right now the the
menu for like rebinding all Mikey's is
just taking way too long so easy control
should be fine ok
sorry about that everyone all right
there you go now we'll be able to do
this unit six or three idiots' is in the
chat rich the timer was stupid because
you can't encourage export value
scrolling faster than I could read the
things you can't explore the game
because you can't encourage exploration
until people have to hurry the fuck up
you are a moron because in Dead Rising 1
you could and almost encourage like if
you really wanted to to ignore the timer
and the main story and just fuck around
the mall
if you missed like for one the rescuing
people time missions yeah 100% optional
100% optional the main story missions
that are time which is I guess all the
main story bids if you ignored one of
those a little screen would pop up
saying do you want to reload a safe so
you could reload a previous safe if you
fuck one of those up or you know what
was an option in Dead Rising oh you know
what main story is over you can still
fuck around the mall as long as you want
oh so you aren't you weren't limited in
your exploration at all
what you have done is unit 603 idiot
you're fucking bitching has ruined the
game for me so thanks you kill the
series I loved
well congratulations unit six or three
idiot did they put a little pause this I
think you kind of like that put your
hands up but they're a little blurry
like their focus
yeah
oh you know 603 apologize problem is
that a lot of publishers make games
assuming people play it only once or
never again yeah yet I scrolled up and
not scroll enough to read it
ivory play games I liked all the goddamn
time what you're basically telling me is
I can't enjoy games anymore because dumb
people no not because of dumb people
rich because of weak people you know
who's weak all these publishers gone
well yeah we don't want it we don't want
to do anything too drastic in our game
or else people might not play it when
the reality is if it's a good game
people will play it but we don't we
don't you can you can beat zone of the
enders two and five or six hours I've
played it like at least ten times
through yeah Dead Rising was designed to
be replayed hmm or to even stop stop
where you are and start from the
beginning with all of the experience
you've earned up and the powers you've
earned all that and you see a powerful
more powerful each time you play through
it yeah
what it was designed for and it was
great and it was fun and it was
replayable yeah but I guess I just have
to play it once and forget about it
oh god well it's the sign of a it's a
sign of a development that doesn't have
a strong vision is they go well you know
people are probably only gonna play it
once I will get it over with quick the
only the only fucking game that the
person who was like in charge of dead
rising for made before that I think they
were like Dance Kinect games
aha
uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh okay we got a
driver's license
great I'm angry today because somebody
tried to throw Dead Rising 4 in my face
and say I should love it even though
they fucking gutted it and dumbed it
down and then someone tried tried to
talk smack about the first dead rising
using apparently incorrect information
explaining to me why all of the things
that I actually like about Dead Rising
were stupid and had to go I don't think
so that's not put me in kind of an
annoyed mood I apologize sorry rich do
you want to listen to hallelujah money
again no I don't I would help you I
don't let me tell you what you know what
this weekend was uh it was a stressful
weekend I had a lot of work to do this
weekend and you know I was feeling a
little I was feeling that she had oh
it's been a little iffy and I heard that
song and the first time I heard it I
said what the fuck is this garbage it's
it's just it's off-putting and this
isn't this doesn't sound anything like
the gorillas that I love but that
hallelujah money got stuck in my head
since I listened to it one more time
there's like a half hour later listen to
one more time my god you know what maybe
it's not maybe it's not so bad I'll
listen to it one more time I listened to
a third time and it's just it's in my
head now constantly you are allowed to
like whatever you want to like Jack
bring up audio in the game again the
mind oh that's right
Santa gak says hi Richard Jack all right
first live stream I love you more than
life itself no I still don't fully
believe you'll actually read this can
you say hi Keith hi Keith now they all
know your real name unless that was a
clever fake out and you're setting up a
Keith that you know probably probably
probably is probably got you
the escort AI in Dead Rising 1 was
terrible though stuff like that makes a
game hard in an artificial way only when
they there was every now and then they
wouldn't be able to get like up a Ledge
or something like that but I like the
difficulty in escorting the survivors
like the one of the best one of the best
experiences I ever had with a fucking
video game was my Dead Rising 1 fucking
perfect run yeah yeah and outside of
them getting like stuck I'll agree
that's bad but the difficulty of it made
it a challenge like the the escort
missions in Dead Rising are optional
right you don't you'll lose the main
story because you fail an escort quest
the games not designed with the thought
that you will or can save everybody
though if you do it's just extra
challenge in my eyes right yeah yeah but
I guess you have to only play the game
once and do it perfectly your first time
through keeping that popcorn let me let
me tell you something that's really
super annoying yeah is I'm alt tabbing
out of Resident Evil 7 to make changes
to OBS and when I alt tab back to
Resident Evil 7 it doesn't go back to
full screen thank you just do all the
time I couldn't no I couldn't I couldn't
see like button problems okay okay so I
needed so now I need to restart the game
in order to get back into full screen
because there's no way to get it back
into full screen you don't come and so
you know Haigh a game game people let's
make this a thing that happens actually
Dead Rising 2 one of the things I don't
like about Dead Rising 2 is they made
the the escorting of people easy to the
point where it just seemed almost
pointless
they would run straight to the place
they need to go all right
that's easy took all the excitement out
of escorting people though sure now I
know I'm going so I'm gonna run I don't
need to check my addictive output speed
run
Jack Hoffa in the chat aside let's be
honest yeah you only played pong once
and then forgot about and never tried to
play it again playing games
the escort missions are optional but you
kind of had to do them to gain XP or you
could just you know restart the game and
and your XP carries over and slowly over
time you're going to get stronger and
stronger you have this false notion in
your head that you have to be able to
play the game only once and do all of
the things go on in circles here but
basically Dead Rising for is garbage
yeah yeah I believe it dumb down garbage
no you know I wasn't super into Dead
Rising the theater one or the series I
only played one and so it's like yeah it
wasn't really my thing it looked like it
should be though but maybe I just never
gave it and maybe I just never got into
it as much as I should a renegade
Kieran's chances forcing a player to
restart the first few hours multiple
times is not good game design hey I hate
to tell you this but my Dead Rising
perfect run was starting from level one
completely unleveled so maybe well well
there may be maybe you need to get good
for I get that point for new players but
like rich said there could be oh you
could fuck around in the game but then
if you wanted to play more and say get a
perfect game you know maybe you should
stick to Resident Evil or something else
different games for different folks now
for different folks
okay all right here we are
Panama says hey guys love the streams
rich hi since you enjoy stealth games if
you look into shadow tactics on PC
it's a tackle self game in which you
control up to five characters fun and
challenging interesting I've never heard
of it I know I know I enjoy visible ink
which is a turn-based tactical game
shadow tactics hello I think it's like
it's like a like Shogun era or if you
have like a samurai
person with a bow and arrow I think if
that's the oh I will look into it okay
don't elias's yeah okay my buddy and I
watched fuck you it's January 2017
realizing we needed a good laugh we
smoked a joint and went to see
underworld seven or eight or seven eight
seventy eight they got a seven and an
eight their underwear that is or if it's
actually called underworld 78 okay great
no idea hilarious by the by guess what
they sell it for they set it for another
sequel do that's great you know good
good for those underworld people can I
take this no good for those under
underworld people they got they got
themselves a gig man they got a steady
gig you know you know what people on
Hollywood like money steady money good
for them something you're talking about
shadow tactics it's been all over the
gog main page for like two months I
haven't been searching for it I've been
I've been I've been fine with the games
I've had for the last couple months I
haven't really been shopping for
something new so I haven't noticed it
not in the market I mean I was trying to
do my XCOM classic no soldiers lost run
yes
what you did yeah and when I wasn't
playing that I was unwinding with like
doing unwinding with Tim or Space Marine
in the last week or two yeah yeah doing
great
there's moss in there probably not ready
for us all so I was playing more that
zombie night of terror that black and
white kind of like zombie running the
style you know I remember enjoy that
that's a fun little game but rich
doesn't like anything except the dead
body thing but too smart for me i won
thumb I want dumb I wanted thumb I mean
you got played again it's what play
wants to forget about it move on to the
next thing
the 1886 is great because you only want
to play it once no you know what that
game once and I was just done you know
what the order 1886 is the best cuz you
don't even want to play it once if
that's if that's the the name of the
game is like play it play a game the
least amount of times all over that
classic Sony VCR it's like not anybody
use
I do not have an item to use gauge all
new cases this dream is brought to you
by geek crate go dude
www GE crate comm / prereq and enter the
coupon code oh my god to say 5% on a
year subscription he crazy proud sponsor
of prereq and our LM yep much love to
get Craig you know they make this show
happen and we know all you nerds and
geeks out there really love you junk
they love the geek crate that's of the
nerd podcast what we call it then don't
cast a nerd how got draw a blank
you know completely unrelated news I
bought a rogue one shirt the other day
really yeah in completely unrelated news
to the geek podcasts the nerd crew yes
that's what it's called
ah interesting are you enjoying your
shirt nope okay great
is this weird like graphical glitch that
I'm trying to look at you see that look
at the top right corner watch I see it
everyone was like a white flashing light
thing yep yeah um could be a graphical
glitch or it could be an actual thing
that's going on then you need to worry
about it could be a spoof I think was a
spider web caching yeah yeah okay don't
forget to save at the cassette player I
just you know what thank you for that I
just found that and I just saved
apparently you have to save at cassette
players what's going on in this game so
far um I believe I'm looking for my wife
who's been missing for three years okay
and this is her last known location and
I just found a VHS tape and in this room
why would she come here she had a
babysitting job remember and then
opening up the door and in this room
there's there's a VCR look at this
awesome looking VCR if I showed up my
babysitting job and it was this house I
would leave immediately well maybe it
was it they looked better
did you find this guy give me a break
Pete hey I only work with professionals
speaking of which make sure the sound is
right that was two fucking years ago
I don't do ADR new guy oh I'm the camera
guy now to change you plan we do a walk
through the inside first then we shoot
the intro just like we always do just
try to say the show's name this time
okay another worthless fucking shit
sewer Gators sewer Gators huh great
thank you
I'll help I'll help I'm a cameraman
I'll help there really is an uncanny
valley effect on with the people will
loose to me
yeah they look a little bit creepy are
they supposed to look creepy don't I
think these are supposed to look like
you my bags but they're weird and
soulless yeah we're very impressed with
the graphics that's that's the problem
though that's the whole uncanny valley
effect once you get done killing well
slipping rules in here what's going on
right or does anybody care I don't know
I really don't know okay so I just
watched through this house as me and now
I'm walking through as the cameraman we
there are years ago actually walking
we're doing this yeah I'm walking this
is weird it's the uncanny valley
because fucking this going on forever I
don't know when that's gonna stop like
you see like a stick figure
you say oh that's a person it looks
nothing like a person but you understand
that it's supposed to be a person and
then you get something what's more and
more human and you hit a spot where you
get something that looks very close to
realistic but not quite 100% and it's
it's creepy it's like cartoony Kurtz udy
I could do it a little bit more
realistic I can deal with that uncanny
valley I'm super realistic but not
realistic enough and it's like oh wow
that looks that looks like a like on a
lifeless corpse but it's moving when it
what the idea is that like as it gets to
like 99.9% like a human realistic human
it actually drops off drops down in the
realism scale because your your brain
knows that it's not a human yeah and it
makes it look even more like not a human
it is it's a creepy effect yeah when
you're in the uncanny valley then
presumably once you have 100% it's fine
yeah but you have to get you have to hit
100% at that point okay
renegade Kyra says hi guys a lot of
people have limited internet speeds and
data caps downloading games and
streaming really adds on doom is 80
gigabytes do you think games will go all
digital within 5 years lol
Germany UK yes they will honestly I'm
surprised they didn't do it this console
generation Xbox wanted to do the thing
where you couldn't sell discs yeah let
me back down and a backfired on them but
obviously they're they're pushing to go
in that direction and the reason is you
can't sell a digital game used right
because you know they're not Mike both
developers the publishers and Microsoft
or Sony none of them are getting any
money when you buy a used game stock use
game at gamestop only Game Stop is
getting that money they want to get 100%
of the revenue for every game that a
person place oh sure but it's like if if
you are a PC gamer you're already all
digital like if you have steam like you
don't get any digits anymore yeah you
know the majority of people don't
anymore and so consoles will get there
too by the way
real quick point so I'm the cameraman
yes
have you strapped your head jack I'm
just saying I'm the cameraman just point
that out there that I am holding a
camera right now puddin putting that out
there holding a camera I am very curious
we never actually did this experiment to
take like one of the big console
releases and see if it would even run
without getting a forced update from the
internet whatever did that experiment we
talked about doing it once you could I'm
about to get rid of my uh are you gonna
get rid of the blood board machine no I
read my xbox I think ever you did I was
going to almost Goofy's gonna happen it
oh my god
let me speak - I was going to and then
what did we get on it and what did I
plan it I forget there was a reason and
why don't we borrow the titanfall oh
yeah that was ages ago but like like
yeah maybe titanfall - who's like oh
maybe we'll do something with it and
then I was planning on and and and then
I just never got around to it and I
haven't touched it since I said oh maybe
we'll play it sometime yeah I'm
definitely getting rid of it is there's
no spooky behind me you know I'm
definitely getting rid of it but before
I do we can do the test of like
resetting it to factory defaults and
then and I'm trying to start it without
an update my guess is it won't is it
won't start without an update okay so
some people died did nonnamous says hey
guys how would you want to talk about
the people who died it I'm sorry no
that's it that's all I have some people
died it some people that it okay now it
says hey guys thanks for the awesome
streams I apologize this has been asked
before but any chance of revisiting
Phoenix right
if so no worries I know you're a busy
bunch please take care of I'm sure we
will do it eventually
those fun streams next dream I kind of
want to play with all curia Chronicles
oh yeah yeah yeah that that was a one
that was I suggested to you she played a
little bit of it uh-huh
and I was kind of enjoying it I'm gonna
join it so far I give you that one
another go yeah well you know a stream
go yeah yeah well I mean I mean like he
played a little bit of it off stream and
you liked it enough to play it on strim
I was gonna play a lot more tonight but
Resident Evil 7 came out like today you
played the new game yeah people like it
when you play the new game rich
people like it where you play the new
game I forget I don't know where to go
oh I remember now
don't worry everyone I remember now I
just saw on the video that there's a
secret switch in the chimney relish the
relish says hey Jack
hi I'm relish I really relish Doctor Who
but stop watching when Tennant and the
original showrunner left because it felt
like a natural ending is it worth
watching past season 4 PS love the
streams yes
after Tennant is Matt Smith and Matt
Smith has two good seasons and then
after that just stay as far away or else
he'll be riddled with disappointment but
actually like his Matt Smith's second
season has a really fantastic enemy
mm-hmm
they're these aliens called the silence
and the thing with the silence is as
soon as you look away from them
you forget that they ever existed yeah
they have like this weird telepathy
power and so you know like they'd get
all scared because they'd see the alien
and then they'd look away and oh
everything's hunky-dory and fine and so
they came up with this system of like
using permanent marker to notch on their
arm with how many Cylons they've seen
and so then all of a sudden like you
know they'd be talking nonchalantly and
then the camera would slowly pan down
and you can see like they're covered
with notches it was really fun
television really fun but then it got
really wacky and really dumb so I think
you can get two seasons of the new
Doctor Who of Matt Smith Doctor Who and
be okay with it
come but then it got super dumb how's
the old guy I haven't seen it I haven't
seen I know I completely stopped
watching it after after they after it
was revealed that the Statue of Liberty
was actually an alien a time-traveling
alien that walked through New York I
said ah you know I'm good the premiere
of the reboot had mannequins taking over
the earth how was this shocking that was
a really dumb episode but then it got
good okay I I feel like I got like that
was a super dumb episode with the living
plastic
don't bother 3-under
yeah wait wait until Moffat leaves my
controller is vibrating and it's not
stopping vibrating unit 603 idiot says
hey rich that's stopping vibrating you
love dead rising that's cool
I'm too methodical and fresh method of
memory that's right I'm too methodical
and it frustrated me so it's not my type
of game even the timer would be cool if
there was multiple saves love your work
don't hate me I don't hate you
I just because we can disagree about
something doesn't mean I hate you look
you have to understand I really love
Dead Rising one it is one of my all-time
favorite games and it's kind of
upsetting to me I think understandably
that everything they gutted and tried to
shove in my face as a selling point that
they gutted it we're all of the things
that I actually liked about the series
yeah and I feel I think anyone would
feel that way about you know their
favorite series
whoa
corpse says it's kind of a sore spot for
me yeah I can see that and and and
really annoying that we took out the
thing you like this is a good reason for
you to like the game now oh you old
fuddy-duddy
the kiven it's a hip new thing to do we
got to move on to the future we're gonna
take out all the things you like there's
a progress and it was it was it was
infuriating to listen to interviews with
the developers about that game
absolutely enough fury a ting that was
their real yeah something basically
these old folks just don't understand
yeah I'm sorry time moves on games gotta
be dumber that's an improvement
my girlfriend's name again my wife Mia
then I watch the video you linked I'm
assuming I did
I've watched multiple videos about it I
didn't really need the video though
because I heard about everything they're
taking out
I'm just trust me I was very familiar
with Dead Rising 1 Michael they try to
say you have you have freedom without
the timer I I was screaming at face it
basically out my monitor no you did in
Dead Rising 1 you could ignore the story
freely and the game did not penalize you
for that did need a video to show me
that I knew
trust me I knew I was the parody of the
dead dev interviews I did not see that
one I think you're talking about an
entirely different Dead Rising 4 video
no actually I wouldn't mind seeing the
parody one yeah and it Sweden tweeted
the Jack or something he'll give a
debate tweet it to pre-record the blue
blaze Peter Capaldi aka old guy look I
didn't know his name the only way I knew
to describe him was the older one the
one with whiter hair not that he's
ancient I'm Kenny Valley yeah we live in
the uncanny valley is a decent Doctor
Who you should give the latest seasons
with him a chance also have you seen in
the loop it's a good political movie and
compiled these best film roles
he's coming we need to go we need to go
now
this the wife yeah like that it almost
kind of looks like a real person that's
pretty nice that's good graphic taking
me but then you see her face you want to
tell me and like those little hair
strands that are kind of out of place
she's not as bad as some of the other
ones has really been three years
what what is this place what they do you
not now we need to get out of here first
I think it's this way
how thankfully no I can't get around her
the game's not letting me go around her
it's not letting me take the lead yeah
we have to talk not me now was it me you
did I didn't okay fine just tell me
what's going on
yeah hey sure you know where you going
through here I remember what does that
do for you I think it like if people are
attacking me at blocks okay but I don't
know it's just it's the only thing I can
do right now he's put my hands up
it's dabbing I'm shocked something
didn't grab her as she went around the
corner that's how I'm trying to what
this door
what's going on shut that door always
close the door I always always be
closing doors well go ahead Hey look a
doll
alright sorry Jen says off camera sorry
Jen says Valkyria seems kind of
interesting but be alright if we try to
shoot for PW after Valkyrie stream next
Wednesday please
if so hopefully it doesn't get forgotten
I don't think we forget we hear about
kind of a lot we won't forget it listen
we what we like alright I know like I
know Apple Jacks don't taste like apples
but we eat what we like
sister in the chances yeah I'm still not
saying how this is anything like
Resident Evil well say the Resident Evil
name is bankable yeah yeah it's very
risky to make a new property but if you
have a name that everyone knows on it
it'll sell like hotcakes yeah yeah with
you
re7 don't taste like game so far I
believe I believe I called that with the
e3 bit demo trailer or whatever it was
no one like who wasn't that was like who
was that was like if you don't have it
in VR you're not getting the full
experience right just watch a fucking
movie well Jesus Christ this is how this
is how they get rid of this is how they
sell away no gameplay like no it's VR so
you can feel the fear you can wheeze the
juice
what do you want
everyone says the game's gonna start
soon yep
I believe you games have to get out of
this trend word apparently according
everyone the game is always just about
to start like right when we're done with
it they need to end this trend where it
takes five hours for the game to
actually start pacing rich pacing oh I'm
not walking significantly slower than I
walked before I guess that wouldn't be
spooky or something I don't know I've
never been a gamer
okay I put my hands in I did it rich I
did a gameplay
stop stabbing me
hmm are you
yeah I mean I would've been fine Oh a
little bit of water it's fine that was
first aid medicine rich or the knife go
where'd the knife go Oh No okay there's
an axe yeah fine yeah fucking kill you
right away I don't know you anymore
fuck you really yep right away really
rich I've known this character for two
seconds yeah but the character the main
character is known her for longer than
that right this this is the kind of
encounter that would have had impact
like in the third act of a movie instead
of the the first five minutes of the
movie pacing a rich it's all about
pacing hey give me my axe back hey give
me my axe back
I know I know you're gonna say something
spooky I'm gonna say some spooky aren't
you want that axe okay what's it what do
you think about what I think it's I
think it's gonna say run sure no not
really
this isn't my bag Jack I just killed my
wife and I'm fine yeah I'm fine with
that
okay person on the telephone in murder
house I just murdered my wife and now
I'm going to walk to the attic okay I
mean and I'm not gonna be able to pick
up that accent how's it supposed to be
an experienced game if you don't even
buy the experience like why is he doing
that
exactly wait why is the kid but it's the
story it's the experiment whatever right
they're so they're so they're so
concerned about like tone and feeling
and spooky noises
what that is really strong glass it's
the old hell she could let me chop your
way through a wall right and alright go
into the Attic
Mia has run away let's try that again
finished here says one-time fan finally
submitted guys please get J to watch
night of the demon it's a sex weirdo
movie right up his alley
also big Bears fan should the Bears
draft the Notre Dame quarterback um
I don't follow the football enough to
tell you be able to tell you anything
about the Notre Dame quarterback it
would be nice if the Bears had a
quarterback who didn't suck which in my
lifetime has never happened not even not
even an 85 like Jim McMahon was he was
good but it wasn't like a Hall of Fame
level good sure that team won on defense
well you if we swap with the Green Bay
you can get a quarterback that sometimes
is really great and then chokes at every
every time I would take Aaron Rodgers
over Cutler in a fuckin heartbeat
I don't know that Aaron Rodgers was
choking I watched that game oh yeah yeah
I just know he did that one here one
year where he choked I forget I also
don't pay it to him this is open now I
also don't pay attention to the sports
all right oh my god go to the Attic but
I need a fuse Jack Jack doesn't know
about the footballs I don't know about
the footballs hey you first-aid kit III
don't know about the footballs and I
still know more than Jack does about the
footballs oh I don't know anything
got the footballs I thought I thought I
knew a little song about the football I
thought I knew enough to make a joke but
it even might like my in Rogers jokes
joke but apparently that was even wrong
so I can't even conceive of the Bears
with a quarter badger you don't want to
think about it cuz that it might get
Jerry no no I just like it's so alien
the concept I can't picture it in my
head it's in a cupboard slash closet
closet nearby this game will take a
month to complete at this rate here's
something you need to know about Jack
one I am a notoriously slow gamer I like
to I like to rub up against all the
walls I'd like to look around and number
two I don't give a fuck here's here's my
question jack is every single monster
encounter in this game every single one
going to be a glorified QuickTime event
as it like it was that one yeah
absolutely look at my inventory okay I
only have this many slots yeah so I'm
not gonna get a weapon of any kind I'm
not going I'm not gonna get anything you
have an axe I have an axe I don't think
I'm gonna get anything useful so I'm
saying absolutely look for this fuse
a lot of nose in the chat sorry alright
this is basically the tutorial sent out
Jesus Christ then they need to get
better at doing tutorials
oh here we go
I got my thing now yeah you certainly
couldn't have broken open that flimsy
wouldn't dresser with your axe right
like keep it without my axe I could
probably just rip the doors right off
that's fine that's fine
that's a funny joke but that's fine it
all right got a fuse everything's fine
oh look oh there's there's Mia again
come here Mia I'm gonna chop your
fucking head off
that was probably supposed to be scary
the little doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo
the blue blazes X X X X X you know what
that's that's an understandable reaction
what that's okay we have water oh yeah
you're right maybe oh you know what
maybe this game takes a turn for awesome
and I get a chainsaw arm
OOP
can I pick up my hand can i reattached
my hand okay I have my hand you need a
tourniquet well I don't have a
tourniquet you need to fucking like rip
off your shirt and make a tourniquet
yeah no the game totally is totally
gonna let me do that the blue blaze says
I just want to say thanks for playing
part of the game I couldn't decide
whether or not to buy it but this is
shaping up to be a fuck you it's January
horror-movie in the form of a game so
far
we'll see apparently this is gonna pick
up any minute now you know you know what
exactly when it's gonna pick up rich
five minutes after we're done streaming
of course that's always what it's
supposed to pick us when it really turns
around oh hey look
yeah well shit I was wrong I got a gun
all right okay what do you mean okay
fine you already tried to kill her with
an axe you you're bleeding to death oh
hey Rach wait look I got some water
ready Oh rich I don't need to use the
first aid kit I don't need to use it
right now rich can I combine it with my
hand
and I don't need to use it right now as
I look at my severed hand son of a bitch
come on game that's great yeah that's a
good point where's the flashlight huh
where's the flashlight was the same
place the camera was on the cameraman
apparently it's it's duct taped to my
fucking head that's where it is
spoopy we got spookiness confirmed for
spookiness see these you should be on
the floor from blood loss right now
unable to move right but it's a game an
except that's not trying to be a game
it's trying to be like an experienced
movie thank you but it's a game so it's
okay now when you're bleeding I don't
understand it's realistic is the stump
can turn the door handle
hi hi honey
yeah I don't know how to fight her off
yet yeah
yeah yeah City
but how many times did I shoot her in
the fucking face
wait how did he we load it
shadowed fuckin five times in the face I
have my gun
I get that get that okay fine
there was another box of ammo somewhere
around here
games Lu cases playing this game myself
a little ahead of you guys
okay first part of the game seems they
could be a Blair Witch game also is very
positive in reviews on Steam re eight
will be umbrella Inc zombies lol price
again yeah I'm on it now bitch can you
just I took one step up there yeah can
you run away can you go somewhere else
should we try avoidance Jack you're
trying to murder look maybe we need to
avoid
I'll fall for that again game I can't I
can't there I couldn't better running
running away now I want that Mouse back
this is what happens when you aim at the
controller jack run away
what
I'm not convinced you can tell her oh I
might have oh I do it did I do it
chainsaw all right no Bloods going on
can I get that chainsaw can I at least
move the chainsaw away from her here
alone I'm gonna move it away from her
come here chainsaw
okay
okay all right great we got we got to
the family all right all right
you can't pick up the chainsaw because
it was time for the game - the story
needed to have some time it's fine the
story needed to happen even though we
wanted to pick up the chainsaw and do
some fun stuff make sure my play - Evil
Dead game done them yeah yeah I mean the
show's back maybe someone
that'd be great that'd be great
got a few more episodes yeah how you
feel about I feel about uh alright
alright I just got done with the indie
Asylum episode mhm
pretty fun pretty fun stuff oh yeah I
see where they're going with it so you
know I only think I think I only have
two more left which is silent episode
where's Mia one that was dreamy the only
one
this reminds me of those like movies
that had like the 3d gimmick yeah
there's like points right cuz like that
was it that was that was the VR that's
all they know to do with VR camera says
rich have you heard about the new suda51
game let it die
it's basically punk-rock Dark Souls at
60 frames per second it's free to play
on ps4 and I haven't spent a ton I
haven't spent a dime 20 hours in lol get
good at RTS scrublord I haven't I have
not heard of this many I'll look into it
I know we teased another No More Heroes
game for the switch that's right insulin
King punk-rock Dark Souls punk-rock Dark
Souls and it's free soon I haven't heard
of this no no don't I don't know
anything that's fair you don't need to
know what that nice go
all right apparently I missed the tip
I'm going to go back and read him go
back and read it please
insulin King 2016 it says hey guys I
Jack Reed for our body saw you had great
success a red two for honor hour
yeah yeah yeah so you had great success
yeah as a physician I was on board until
the Select sex sleep / life extension
science yeah yeah you know what it's
it's it gets weird not science
very bad did you follow the diet /
exercise or more really I just I just
got it for the diet stuff the exercise
stuff seemed interesting but I'm not
that kind of workout guy I wanted to
find a routine that would work for me
and I have a different exercise working
routine that I'm working on now but no
just the diet stuff I like I thumbed
through all the other chapters like they
had this one chat like you know very
sensational chapters how to have a 15
hour orgasm stuff like that
I didn't you know just thumbed through
it didn't really read any of that stuff
it was fun but hopefully yeah you know
that you have a diet works great still
works great for me I modified it a
little bit for everyday usage so insulin
King went on to say later to miss my
last tip which I did question for Jack
about the weight loss plan which I think
we kind of just did curious about try
myself also turned a bunch my colleagues
on to you guys last month we watched
best of the worst weekly now hope you
enjoy it thank you thank you yeah know
that I mean obviously the diet has been
very successful to me the the the tough
part is when when also trying to build
muscle and working out figuring out how
to fit how to fit that into the diet but
uh and I've gotten lazy yeah
but I'm back on pretty hardcore now and
doing I feel like I'm doing I'm good see
like I'm doing good hey handgun am on I
don't have
I'm not doing analysis is there any
aspect of your life you miss before rlm
well speaking for me I've been I've been
messing around with a camera with Mike
since high school so it's it's you know
in a lot of ways it's always been a part
of my life there's not much of a before
right it's just we get money doing it
now jack any part of my life that I mean
yes your life changed dramatically no
not really no not really
yes now you know
do-do-do-do-do didn't see me I hope
there's not a mirror in this game we
probably look like creepy monster to him
at this point
oh yeah just you did just stab me in the
face yeah all right Bob
tape can't be removed by hand in
bullshit rain Z says I think I'm
pronouncing that right I'm not sure find
Z H REI n zi yeah that's my best shot at
saying that name it's good to see our LM
staff getting ready for the next
Resident Evil movie and maybe the
experience from this game can be added
to that movie one dear God
right happy a knife in that kitchen
somewhere I know I know this isn't
connected but the Resident Evil universe
they never had like a full-on zombie
apocalypse like the movies did they like
the whole world isn't zombies and
Resident Evil yes no maybe the movie in
the movies I mean in the games though
there it's not like the full world is
covered with zombies right and like in
the movies right okay
right you like in the first ones it's
like you're you're infiltrating a secret
base but I mean in any of the sequels
the zombie plague it never goes
worldwide right right usually it's you
know the Resident Evil 4 was like a
whole village right
seven of burg nine says hey guys just
wanted to say this game is garbo hope
you played kotor 4jc shut up already
hello i'll slobber me number i know i
know about that
I think we've I've talked about Star
Wars enough I think I've done that
enough yeah good job you cases you guys
ever humbled by how successful our LM
and prereq has become never asked is
this your full-time jobs no and if it is
what were you doing before Congrats on
your successes much love before this I
was working in a tollbooth you were you
know those where I get it told allowed
those jobs are heard on the side I
worked in the sewers I cleaned out the
sewers uh-huh so it's been a big step up
good well good yes this is this has
become the full-time thing and I still
like I still do video production work on
the side that's my main job is video
production for you know commercials and
such and I still do that this is
becoming more and more my full-time job
as I we do more of it and as our
audience grows so
which is nice because I like doing it
but uh like technically I have a
different full-time job and this is this
is a side job but every day every day it
becomes more and more the full job by
the way he sewed my hand back on my
dinner
I know I mean yeah you could say thank
you thanks for selling my hand back on
dude like he's gonna pop out here from
the hallway yep there he is and I slowly
back away and now what I need to do is
let him walk past me
you know our button prompts acceptable
in this case where certain things are
interactive but others aren't you know
you know what they have stopped the door
button problems thing mm-hmm so like I
can just open doors now by my by myself
because I know how you know that's
that's a tricky subject well you you
hate button you hey button prompts in
general on principle read um I yeah I I
hate them when they're part of like a
glorified cutscene right I do I I hate
them on principle life I feel like there
should be a better way what is super
college like in the order when you have
to hit X to stop the guy from or to
choke the guy in the water or whatever
it was that's just for idiots to so
they'd the full idiots into thinking
it's not actually a cutscene right that
I can't stand it that pretend gameplay
but like like in the Arkham games like
the triangle shows up when you can
counter yeah I'm more okay with that
yeah and here it's like it's fine it's
not great I would hope for a better way
to do it but it's like what was it like
in Dishonored what I what I found myself
doing is constantly like rubbing up
against everything to make sure that you
know to see if I could interact with it
mm-hmm and I find myself I'm doing the
same thing here was just like I just put
my head towards the thing here I
supposed to be more fair to say that I'm
more against like your QuickTime event
style button yeah props QuickTime events
are pretend gameplay I typically hate
them
death metal 6-1-6 says hello rich and
non rich rich I'm curious why you
thought the doom 2016 boss battles were
terrible lol it seemed ist no terrible
would be maybe a bit of hyperbole on my
part
and I don't know that I would I would
limit this to just doom it's like I
think in general I've found a lot of
first-person shooter boss fights to be
underwhelming though on Unruh playing
doom I'm gonna say I'm wrong about it I
actually kind of like the cyberdemon
fight the second time yeah yep so I will
take I will actually take that back
that's an official retraction official
previously recorded retraction
to to to to to to to to to to to to to
how does this game compared to a lien
isolation so far so far there's been
slightly less door opening
so you know I made it to the next save
great yeah like I kind of feel the same
way about about this like I was hoping
you know I they really stink I got the
gun and I was like okay so now the
game's gonna start where I can just like
go around and shoot zombies and maybe I
need to be careful you know but then I
got pulled away again am I wrong and in
saying that a lot of first-person
shooter boss fights are basically shoot
at the bullet sponge you're right and
you're wrong and like I will say even
even though I in hindsight I kind of
like it now even the boss battle with
the cyberdemon it feels a little bit
gamey compared to shooting everything
else like he's gonna do that pattern
where I jump over that thing and then he
does this pattern and you do the thing I
mean you know I still like it kinda but
yeah I know I'd say it was terrible that
that I'm making that an official
retraction though second time I played
through I really liked that fight well
how else do you do a boss fight I'm
saying a shooter though like everything
else in that game doesn't play out that
way where you're looking for the pattern
and you dodge this then he's gonna go
through that routine now he's doing the
wall goes up attack and I know I have to
do this right
you know I think I think that's fun
because like learning the pattern is
part of the gameplay mm-hmm
it's a no it's an older technique it's
so different from what you do when the
rest of the game don't look for the
baton in the enemy I'm with it the rest
that doom is residues you're wrong I'm
gonna punch him in the fucking face yeah
but you know what then you get a
breather yeah okay can you get a
breather with the boss fight yeah oh oh
here's the pattern I know how to do that
and then you go back to punch in the
fucking face oh so you know what then
I'm double okay with it because I I
think it's important to break up the
monotony present a solution rich just
just because I don't have a solution
doesn't mean I can't critique when did I
get this watch like a health watch I
don't know how you fix I don't know how
you fix health care in America in this
country that doesn't mean I can't say
it's kind of a terrible shape
Namah says i noticed in some Ireland
videos that you often refer to each
other using first and last names I
thought you'd be more on a first-name
basis sometimes feel as if it's an
inside joke is it thanks yes I think
using my full name how did my hand get
put back on wait also codex it looks
kind of like a heart monitor so he cut
up in my face I'm bleeding to death and
then I just spoke to you how was I able
to do that because I really fucked up my
mouth at this point yeah I think saying
rich Evans as a full man was kind of
just a running joke absolutely
just Alex sixty forces Star Trek
question of the day you're the captain
of the enterprise
who's your first officer security chief
pilot and engineer twist
you can't pick Star Trek characters
assemble your team from other fiction
this some you know you don't know you
just do this off the top of your head
you should really take your time well
and think about that you know we need
either you take your time you think
about it to make your dream team or we
need a specific universe to pull from
science officer mr. fantastic Reed
Richards all the way whoo there you go
security officer Captain America yeah
he's good with tactic yes or no Batman
Batman bet your security officer needs
to handle a battalion you need someone
with with you need someone who has
training in dealing with a group of
people Captain America was in the army
he had he had the the Howling Commandos
batman can take care of Batman in all
honesty with Captain America yeah you
just step down and say why aren't you
the captain here we go
here's the chair I I don't know if you
you want to give captain that kind of
responsibility captain's not a he's not
a big picture kind of guy
Captain America yeah I don't know about
that Jack I'd love him as a security I
know I don't know about that he'd be
perfect as a security officer because he
can handle like he can handle security
he can handle following orders but he's
not a really big picture kind of guy
Batman is not a good communicator bad
officer good yeah he would not work well
with the team he's graded planning
though he's graded planning from
multiple scenarios he could he would
have a plan in place for every security
breach you don't necessarily need him to
command the people like at that time but
you you you want Batman to be the one
putting your security policies in place
we need this kind of encryption on this
anyone who's tries to infiltrate these
systems I'm try and go into this back
door he's gonna spec Batman is gonna
spot all of that shit well before it
happens sure you know what Batman can be
back at base and that's what you want
your security specialists doing yes you
don't necessarily want to feel general
we need but you also need a field
general on away missions oh god I
engineer and a forge I don't know much
about the x-men but he's he does
everything involving technology right
I'm one of the missing persons they're
holding me prisoner this is a very easy
conversation do you need me to call an
ambulance for that obvious knife wound
on your face you appear to be missing
part of your cheek that gives me
probable cause and I will be entering
the house now do you want to see my name
in the obituaries do you want to be a
hero and save my life
duh
what a fucking pocket knife you know
what you know what even if he's not
gonna do something smart just say yes I
kidnapped all the people please come in
and arrest me and take me away from this
house
yes yeah give me the big old knife it
from his pocket what but uh like also so
dear sir who's inside the house with the
barbed wire and the boards on the window
I just don't think you're in any trouble
you know as he as a police officer would
do just give a knife to a random person
do you think that that cop has to
secretly be like one of them or
something or that literally makes no
sense sir right what a man kidnapped me
he cut off my arm and he reattached it
somehow they are eating crazy stuff in
there you know what that was kind of fun
oh shit
his name shit again nope can't get his
gun oh there it is anyway don't worry it
doing I have a jar of liquid
I'll heal myself still there
good don't just go watch Texas Chainsaw
Massacre oh yeah a good idea
fuck you
dollar store cashier wife says you
missed my last tip but that's okay have
some more money you incompetent frauds
lol jingle my giblets another thing I
need to hit him in the head I don't
think previously dollar store cash your
wife's head so much salt on the chat
right now keep up the great work guys
lol slobber my Gobber yeah we miss stuff
sometimes that happens
insulin King 2016 says hey Jack and rich
you had talked about seeing a movie that
was hilarious but you weren't able to
capture your reaction genuinely yes any
idea what you'll do with this movie was
it about AIDS there's a few like that
actually and we're thinking on it we're
thinking on it yeah that happened that
just happens sometimes we'll just watch
a movie you know yeah
I told you
fuck would be
we need a key well they rip you out of
the car I'm assuming you can it's
probably on that desk behind you that
table that bench Oh or he gets in the
tire I think he probably does but the
the smart person in me wants to say
shoot the tire because there might be a
game and that would be a solution huh
there you go oh it doesn't care to help
she bore and you can see if that helps
by the way the tires did were able to
get shot which maybe you need to do them
all
oh sure maybe maybe future future Jace's
rich thank you for recommending the
pirate history podcast I've enjoying it
for the last few weeks to you or Jack
have any other podcast that you would
recommend actually don't I'd like to
find more I hear the hardcore history
podcast is great yeah hardcore history
do they like the game I can tell just by
watching this isn't my thing but I'm not
playing it Jack do you like this game
not even a little bit
okay so what I need to do here well is
there a key on that bench why are you
even trying this as well I have to do
two to get it right why don't you shoot
the tires ahead of time what's like
what's that oh yeah I don't think this
does anything I think I just got a well
he's probably this probably gonna it's
probably gonna prevent you from starting
the car but let's see what happens I
have you I doubt we can just drive off
to freedom I'm gonna assume that's what
happens every time you get on the key
shoot tires shoot tires
oh no that did nothing
- shoot him movies probably wish I could
like jump out of the way or something
anonymous says I probably just needs to
get further away before I get in the car
and then maybe I can hit him with the
car
maybe Nana misis learn days ago my wife
is expecting our first child baby
congratulations you too could
congratulate Hannah on our firstborn
Anna the clip would improve her name
she's been working about 16 hours
thanks hack frauds Anna you did it
Hannah good on you baby
good big good on you baby for having
that baby thank God for faulty condoms
I'm a ripe
that didn't work well I have the key and
I have the gun okay so now I'm gonna try
to get him as far away as I can
so I'll get him to come over here right
want that for later
so it's just game over if you don't
start the car successfully yeah so
everything after he gets in the car is
just wasted fuckin time yes
or is there like an alternate thing that
can happen I wonder he's not dead
keep running over him
let's finish this you and I
oh yeah thank God Resident Evil returned
to its roots
this game is open-ended but they're
trying to see it linearly like I'm not
even playing I'm not trying to see
anything I'm just making snarky comments
because I I do not give a shit right
and what is the point of having a gun
what is the point of having the gun if
it doesn't do anything I like I know if
momentarily slows him down it's just to
give you is to give you like some sort
of sense of control
why see him he's gonna get up
son of shotgun shells shotgun shells
that will also do not do anything I want
that now shots to the head kill him he's
gonna get up that's these something
wonderful don't kill my son I said to me
in that like he shot himself in the head
he said they said now shot some now a
shot to the head killing I don't think
he's dead I'm convinced he's gonna get
up why would he say you're about to see
something wonderful right no he's
definitely gonna go and look he's up
already
boom his body's not there anymore oh no
there's sorry everyone I jumped the gun
on that jump the gun
dollar store cashier wife says sorry if
it's already been discussed but if you
guys seen Netflix's series of
unfortunate events thoughts JK about the
incompetent frauds thing Oh JK about the
incompetent frauds thing I appreciate
you it's fine you can call us encounter
frauds all you want it's really fine
it's when you start attacking Dead
Rising one that I get pissed Karen is
very she like she like the books she
thought they were adorable
started watching it yet we're almost
certainly going to Jack if you've seen I
have not I have not
we did we did start to watch the
Guillermo del Toro Netflix produced show
trollhunters it's like a DreamWorks your
kids might appreciate it I started
watching that I thought it was stupid
yeah and it I mean it's not bad it's
it's not great that's gonna be a fun
animated thing nope nope yeah yeah you
know it's for kids in the in the realm
of kids shows it's not the worst yeah
you know wouldn't call it great but so
anonymous I just don't want to read that
I just don't want to you don't have to
water ARCA it's not the worst thing but
I'm not going there yeah what our gun if
you don't give a shit about a game
why bother playing the game to begin
with because to me you are just playing
half-heartedly while commenting that the
game is poor without a proper
explanation
ok so rich yep
like I've never been a fan of the series
no I'm just here to talk to the chat yep
no and you're doing a great job of
talking to chat let me let me tell you
let me tell you a little story about
rich Evans yeah and about how rich Evans
really doesn't like anime stuff right
there vinick's have done plenty of
except this is a general yeah there's
been stuff that i haven't liked but you
know each other i think like for example
you played a little bit of that valkyrie
chronicles and i'm liking it so far i
have been won over by games before there
are games that I've gone and thinking
like Firewatch I went into Firewatch
thinking that it was gonna be garbage
horseshit and I had a pretty good time I
know you still thought it was garbage
worship but I have been won over by
games before when I saw the new doom
like all that dead that glory kills
system that's gonna be horrible it's
gonna slow down the game I'm just I'm
you know I'm not gonna like it I'm not
gonna like it I played it I gave it a
chance I loved it and I gush about it
for this day yeah yeah yeah
but we don't get things chance we have
been won over before the problem is you
need to win us over you
need to make a good game and so far this
hasn't done it this can't be Dulles fuck
we're wrong for not liking experienced
games Jack that's the thing and we are
wrong for that we are wrong for it I get
it like it's like yeah and I get it that
we're early in the game but all these
puzzles are like I said I liked the game
that I liked was was Resident Evil 4
because it was more shooty you know
mm-hmm and I liked the shooty stuff like
this is this is more survival horror so
apparently we're not gonna be shooting
much stuff which
okay so I need to find a thing oh wait
can I put where's my bolt cutter oh you
probably took my boat goes yeah I need
to find a shotgun shaped thing rich a
shotgun shaped thing that's kind of
shotgun shaped if I want that jug the
statue is not holding a real shotgun it
is holding a real shotgun but when I
lift it up then the statue the weight is
lifted up and it closes this door so I
can't get out oh okay so you need
something to put it I need something to
put in its place some sort of shotgun
ass thing these are the puzzles not bad
I just want to kill I like I like
killing stuff in games I want you know
if you give me a gun let me kill
something and as far as without a proper
explanation you know you know you're the
half-heartedly accommodating about how
poor it is without a proper explanation
I don't know that's true we've been kind
of going into it oh no like I said I'm
not even really I'm not playing the game
I'm just being snarky sure so here's
something right now I want to shoot that
grandma yeah I know she's a zombie not
letting me really like it when I get
close I can't aim hold on oh here we go
okay nope
no look yep so I'm I'm holding down the
aim button and I'm putting it over
granny and oh oh still holding down the
aim button though and it's that it's
that kind of stuff that takes you right
out of the game it's not letting me make
a choice here maybe if I shot the granny
be game over oh okay I can't shoot the
granny but bullshit so there there's a
how about a specific example reason I
don't like a game good dickhead
because now I'm going to come over here
and talk to granny and it's gonna be a
jump-scare know hey granny I got are you
awake get right out of town
granny jump-scare nonnamous says is it
weird having fans yes I I told I told
the stream yesterday yesterday last
stream of the the fan who was so excited
to see me he fake punched me in the face
like oh you rich heavens yeah but he was
so excited he did it a little bit too
hard it was kind of a real punch so I've
actually had a fan punch me in the face
because they liked me yeah yeah yes it's
weird having fans it's like I'm just me
why are you excited to meet me that's so
weird
