Call me Mr. PUB Your G
August 20, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-tzeBFQbMT0

hey then why would you say all the
things why would you say any of those
things
alright this is gonna happen and we'll
come over here and we will say Game
Capture properties up G boom and then we
need our little yeah that's fine you
know it's fine you know what it's fine
why indeed Jack why indeed kill them all
yep that's what we're gonna do we're
gonna be killing them all all right and
take our mouse over here let's get some
rebinding action got my Chuck all right
so we're gonna we're gonna do some oh no
no no does this have like a dpi switcher
there we go get out okay Madri binding
action okay sensitivity all the way up
good good sprint is that
No why aren't you working
hold on pink pink a pink you got to
start working now Sprint is our great
spacebar roan is that act
is that I'd free look to be that getting
there
hold on some mouse button okay great
great great how's everyone doing I'm
actually kind of here now and you know I
wasn't when I was playing FTL I was kind
of in FTL yeah yeah did I beat the most
mothership No
well you came daren't you beat the the
first you beat the first level of the
mothership that good which you secretly
love this game no I wanted to it sounded
intriguing mm-hmm but I just I don't go
together well with multiplayer shooters
right and that's fine that's fine you
did come in optimistic though I do
remember that you you seemed excited to
play this and then and then you play I
enjoy but okay well I I think I played
with you guys last time at potox and I
want buzz I think we're gonna go we're
gonna just go into it here yeah fine
pipes I don't know if pipes is playing
that's a cool look look at that I have
to look at HEPA docks on it Oh someone
someone messaged me on Steam on who did
pipes exiled himself for deserting his
team he was on his all knew he was on a
whole different wavelength he was on a
whole different wavelength all right
come on how what let's go let's get in
on it boom we need one more we need one
more who else is playing God Fatih you
around
turd Ferguson can we do teams of three
probably what for I think we want at
least four epic doc says I'm cosplaying
those Russians from Mad Max fury road
they're Russians look at the spike guys
people had the spike cars oh sure sure
okay that's good I'm just saying look
that's a cool outfit that's neat that's
neat
one more person to join Chuck's team
friends or the prereqs team group well I
got my all my Steam friends here but
they're all everyone's offline there's
only two online so we just need one more
person well unless we'll just go in with
three and say fucking you only have two
I only have two friends on my now
certainly somebody else wants to play in
a team with you on this game they're not
on and they're Jack's friend they're not
on dr. smoke trees wants you to invite
them it says you're offline dr. smoke
trees it says you're offline it says you
are off line are you in offline mode dr.
smoke trees get yourself online and you
come and join us if you are Jack's
friend and want to play this game with
Jack they're on stream today he's right
up go start up your copy of pub gene and
make sure you're not an offline mode
yeah then let's go all right let me hit
refresh refresh all right you know what
sometimes you just gotta hit the refresh
button doctor Smoketree boom now we got
it now we got our squad let's fucking do
it everybody let's go let's go who's got
my six cuz you know I ain't got it you
know I ain't got shit begins crocodile
brain says hey guys what are your
thoughts on sonic mania I've heard from
reviewers I trust that it's genuinely
good also please wish my pub my pub
bugling good luck tomorrow for his
neutering good luck with pub G oh well
pop Bob Bob Bob Eglin Wow on the brain
Bob Bob bog
Lyn are you gonna do are you gonna be
okay no I'm not I'm not gonna be okay
I'm gonna die Oh
we're talking about earlier mortalities
there's nothing I can do about it no no
there's nothing and there's nothing you
should do about it you know like death
death is part of life like I was saying
death is the part of life that makes
life worth living every day you got you
gotta have some fun everybody let them
upload my consciousness into a immortal
machine but then as it is you got hey
thanks so morning fair enough fair
enough
Jackson the custom server options
they're putting into pub gee I've heard
there are first-person only there are
there are first-person only actually
I've played on a couple first person
only Oh is shit that's right it won't be
you rich is it me from moment to moment
hey guys can you hear me ok great I
apparently have just talked on all the
time so you're gonna hear the stream
through through us that's fine ok you
the same you you were seven eight years
ago that's the important question okay
let's head to the bridge three two one
go
update stream title and Chetty oh it's
true let's head to the bridge
we're not going to make it maybe we're
gonna make it
here we go here we go all right let's go
to that like mechanic shop that's right
at the fork in the road that's where I'm
gonna land I don't know if you guys are
going to make it that far
okay here we go here we go see if
anybody's in here
spider-man 67 says long you waited 10
the sound up so you can hear your
teammates I'm trying to sound up okay
spider-man 67 says long time lurker
first time donator just curious you guys
be taking a look at dusk oh my god
reviving reviving this third grade I
killed someone already someone else
threw a grenade who threw a grenade well
probably okay we got one up as far as
dusk I know very little about it I'm
getting you I'm getting you maybe we'll
take a look at it okay zepa doc epitaxy
is dead well where the hell were you we
had a whole battle over here we had a
whole battle I got a gun we killed
someone I have but we're doing great by
the way this is I'm doing way better
than my last dream so congratulations
we're on it oh thank you you probably
use them all right which way which way
are we head we're gonna head to the
other houses now okay didn't they have
teammates we killed two of them you
killed two all right that a pike yeah Oh
yep attacks is done
I think I'm a my the only one with a gun
go to this building oh I might have
accidentally shot you while I was
shooting the other person but you didn't
die so it's okay crazy Nate 999 says hey
Jack and rich hi crazy do you think
adding an alien style motion tracker to
pub G would improve gameplay give it a
sensitivity threshold so it only shows
other players blips when they are
walking or running I thought the people
who loved this game that hold tension is
part of it for them absolutely you know
if if we were going to implement our
bean idea do you remember everyone gets
a can of beans yeah we would need that
too to offset oh there's a handgun up on
the second floor here and some bullets
we would need the you have two handguns
drop one you Elway that's in Florida man
that's on the floor
I need the nine-millimeter there we go
all right well so is the person who
picks up that other guy well no the
other one has a 45 is 45 it's fine
everything's fine rich everything's fine
so if we were to implement our beam plan
then we would need a motion tracker so
you could find the other people with the
beans okay okay
that's how I would do pub G beam all
right where we're going where's
everybody going where's our - where's -
the team pub beans pub beans you're
gonna the lighthouse Oh
Andrew and the chat beans of during
another pub G stream I I had come up
with a alternative to the circle I don't
know that's a great alternative it
wasn't fully thought-out but it's just
like a brainstorming thing that happened
during the stream yeah okay southwest
we're gonna check out that house do we
have the team we got the team all right
yeah and so every player starts with a
can of beans and you need to eat a can
of beans every two minutes and the only
way to get beans is to kill other people
and that would force you into conflicts
but then you would need a an alien style
tracker system so you could find the
other players maybe maybe
it's 47 cents what's the worst game you
guys have ever streamed what was that
what was that vampire the masquerade one
two three grenades oh yeah that was
pretty dull shit should be going up
together
someone did go someone went in and up
already I'm trying to get their back are
you up is anyone upstairs yeah
is there anyone else
they threw grenades and ran oh you were
throwing grenades oh I thought they were
throwing grenades you you got you gotta
you gotta let me let us know the plan
before you do it or else we're gonna get
I'm gonna get freaked out I'm already
freaked out all right this place is
empty we gotta move excuse me nobody has
anything better than a pistol that's
what we got right now we got pistols
yeah yeah we're kind of fucked West it
is six checking it checking it three
checking it yeah we're following we're
following ghosts so we either got to
catch up to them and steal their shit or
pick a new direction well they'll be
having the arms they're stealing their
shit won't be so easy nope nope it won't
be you have to find things they didn't
need and left behind yeah what is this
gun I want this girl
okay okay thank you thank you
everything's fine no everything's fine
northeast
all right North East it is gay police is
on Twitter column of Canada recently
posted a trailer for a 1996 movie called
vibrations vibrations washed at a
friend's house last night it was fucking
hilarious ly bad Oh ever see it no I've
never seen it but we've done Colin
suggestions on best of the worst before
so it's always possibility oh yeah he's
had some fun ones he's had some fun ones
fucking gymkata he said he deluded now
the doors open there's other people here
I'm just scoping jackass scoping out the
Reg see the helmet let's check out up
here
gunfire nourish
yes um hello Oh got some ammo here I'm
gonna are you got it all right no I
didn't take one
yeah we need a lot there's a lot we
could we could use here I which which
way is the shit ran this way we're
heading west up north
great great we're doing great guys
six is is watched listen that's all I
can do is watch sixes and shoot people
who don't have guns that's that's all I
can do huh they had a grenade they did
have grenades gosh dangit
anything good over here in these little
shacks now oh wait
smoke I got a smoke grenade that's about
the best I got going for me I didn't
know we had one who's Sam Harris kind of
atheist philosopher
so what's the plan who's the boss here
either boss EEP ox you're the boss right
I think we've been following you okay
well let's go see why don't we go see
what's happening in that compound I'm
sure it's been looted but maybe there's
something in there for us I'll wait
there yeah so if we can if we can get
some stuff that could be a nice
stronghold for us but I'm sure it it's a
stronghold for someone else yeah that's
why you're gonna die well then it'll be
funny
I'll wait a car a car would know they're
driving they're driving away let's head
to the shack yeah let's head to the the
barn first or the shack or whatever it
is whatever it is not not the house the
shack doctor smoke trees a complex there
there's a there's a smoke trees is that
the plan that's the plan okay
none of the numbers at the top those are
all useful oh yeah all right anything
good in the shack
motherfucker pistol squad the pistol
squad aka pistol whippers this'll force
there under armed and ready to rock and
roll
whoo all right let's check out this
house house directly to the south here
yeah
yeah what someone else good first jacket
good call well he seemed to have a he
seemed to have a perp you lose it I have
a shotgun oh there's a backpack up here
on the second floor already oh that's
the room where Hannah oh there's a wait
the submachine gun there go back go back
go back go back
so machine yeah yeah right there hey
nice no bullets what's on the round no
45 anyone got 45 that was me that was me
sorry sorry sorry my bad oh my god so
many backpacks up here wait wait where
is everything and everyone I'm scared
and I'm alone what okay hey stuff cool
thanks second shotgun there's a there's
a shotgun up by Jack okay I'll give you
I'll give you all my bullets and you
give me the Uzi I want the Uzi who's got
it who's got who's that I'd much rather
have okay how long I'm coming I'm coming
to you rich I need you to tell Jack to
stop crouching forever why what's the
disadvantage to crouching what's the
disadvantage why should he
right I demand to know I think they
already did their exchange okay here's
the shotgun and bullets
oh thanks oh you're in the money yeah
great
load it huh you're not loaded oh shit my
reload button auto all right great
rock and roll check that check that
crate you have the kind of ammo you need
no back like a little - I'll take that
yeah if anyone comes across I could use
some 45 if you come across it but I have
plenty of night yeah
it's not necessary because I have the
the nine male so we'll just uh okay
great
hey we got some shit now great Rick it's
47 cents will you guys stream Friday
than 13th again when the new map comes
out yes probably yes it's a high
percentage chance that we won't and I'm
gonna check the map real quick see if
there's anything else near us we are
dead center we're doing great
I'd say yeah well let's let's wait and
see where the map shrinks find out find
a hill stake a claim on a hill
maybe the hill by the houses you would
snipe people to come here we don't have
any Snipes find you oh I think that I
can use it for my Uzi and then go nice
nice all right let's see where the map
shrinks we just got a couple more
minutes econds here
and then we'll just find another place
to go and keep keep looting
DK so there's hey rich ask Jack if it's
okay if we stream snipe Jack's group in
the next game son of a bitch you damn
stream snipers
where are they
oh I see and they just drove away so
that's what they want that's what they
want us to think you're right there
playing mind games shit we are doing
great here just kind of Center center
mass I hate being in this house though
should we go upstairs next door again
did that did that afford us more cover
okay
I'm forever a fan of hunkering down I'm
just closing the end yeah if we can get
to a roof oh we're made then just
closing the doors would be highly
suspicious at this point every other
door on the map is open you want to then
again you might hear car coming oh I see
him
they're coming into your house yep get
ready for a battle get downstairs
everyone else you want more everyone
upstairs either way
one guy's West wait there's cars nearby
they're outside
there's only one stairwell up I think
yeah
so as you let them try and get in the
house while you jump out the back and
steal their car but they're stupid at
this point yeah now we go we have we
have the advantage right now let them
come up that's getting small enough
there's no good point taking a car yeah
well shit never mind
nothing we're not doing anything and
we're not doing anything I don't know
what you guys are talking about
okay I got a plan
one guys is a are they down in this
building
I hit him voices were they out in the
barn thing
oh shit nice
what everyone agreed to live and let
live and just see what happened yeah
that would be a beautiful place we'd
live in I think
keep an eye on it and shoot anybody who
goes to get it where's it at I'm the
number dial here dr. smoke tree has left
the group dr. smoke trees is dead
cover cover them
that's not one of yours thank you
I got one I thought that was dr. smoke
trees and I was trying to help him one
of your people are down shit all right
hold on all three don't I don't care
about that at the moment Hey
we should go back to the house okay hold
on give me a second cover me I'm taking
some pain pain killers who's alive just
you and me
Muni box all right ready back inside
hike that's not gonna be good for much
longer you probably know the circle is
closing now actually we have to head
this way get the Jeep the service
closing get the Jeep okay
I'm right behind you
shit
okay I'm here
that's something we're doing it we're
doing it doing great doing great up okay
pretty close
right behind it
nice
I'm with you I'm with you do you need a
bandage or anything okay keep your eyes
peeled by the windows you'll probably
hear people coming in Jack you have a
scope don't you grab that no I have a
red I have a red dot sight that's the
holographic sight that's the best I can
give you yeah and the guy I killed up on
the hill had a lot of stuff but I just
kind of grabbed and dashed okay mo for
your other gun no I don't we're not
we're in a close combat situation I'm
happy with my easy at this moment as
long as the person is crawling on the
floor or doesn't have a gun I'm doing
great I'm gonna get on the other side of
this stairwell here and kind of get a
crossfire gun you'll get caught up in
though you crouch down behind the show
well well I want to stay laying down so
people can't see me outside
where's that coming from
what is that are they shooting at us
great
oh good hi guys I mean nobody's over
here never mind
jacket your gun out thank you
that would have been worrisome I don't
know how it got put away no we're not
we're out in the grass get your shit
together
no no I'm behind the rock these trees
are good enough cover for all eight of
us yeah you want to be careful about the
crossfire Epic's is right in your sights
yeah I mean you're not wrong circle I
see you're gonna have to do something
I'm sorry we got a home we got a whole
minute before we got to do something
okay see see that rock at 195 like
directly south of us I think we go to
there because that gives us a little bit
of cover okay
okay where do you think those people are
okay
well we're close enough don't panic if
they didn't hit you don't pat it no no
just just I'm just here
you're outside the circle you're outside
the circle I see you get back to the
other rock no it's alright I was hoping
to draw em out and oh so close we did
great job great job
oh wait no a box is still alive Pepa
docks spectate come on a production can
do it
I don't know if they can hear you now
what I wouldn't risk it they probably
can't or Ken I don't know I don't know
anything okay
ox is the big winner and technically our
team won yeah Jesus Christ what the fuck
this is do we have having a winner
winner chicken dinner on our stream ah
I killed two whole people I got two
people it's true one of those people
weren't armed and the other one I
actually tried to help first and only
kill them after you told me it wasn't a
teammate but hey great job team great
job we did it it's up to you that's a
fine place to end tonight what time do
we start it's probably been about four
hours but maybe we can do one more fine
that's fine you guys down for one more
team well your ceiling here so I'm gonna
assume that means yes and we're just shy
of four hours so we'll do one more go a
little bit over all right let's go let's
go again let's just good job epitaxy
epitaxy the MVP MVP doctor smoke trees I
mean less good but you are the whole
team won the whole team won and how what
you were there too we all did
now that was great that was a great run
that was a know that was good tension
that was that was good yeah play you're
scrambling for items made shit items the
whole time that was great Jack doesn't
even stand up anymore I can't I'm too
weak to stand up
where's anybody where is everybody oh
there
yes everyone who was on the team counts
who've we got I didn't catch everybody
steam named it's why didn't say in the
other one we have dr. smoke trees we
have epitaxy we have a ha what ha what
ok and how what you - ha what you might
have been confused cuz I said ha what
you - and like that's just you might
have thought that I forgot the name but
the name is how what or maybe you were
just doing some like hippie and go ha
what oh yeah that's just super hip lingo
absolutely that's what all the kids are
doing
Oh lightning guys this map is spooky
not yet
that sounds like a great idea where is
it it's right at the tip of the the bird
right now
okay ready three two one nope now dive
dive dive dive
Molde Darth Blart copses hey rich have
you played shadow tactics if you've
played commandos it's a modern version
of that and if you haven't it's like a
mix of thief and XCOM sounds from the
ural yeah well I haven't played it yet
yeah I think we're talking about that
yeah I might have to go full punch
got the gun pick up the gun
pick up the gun love the gun and shoot
him love the gun and shoot him she's
rich shit
running away me my bets shit shit
house
that dead crap do you have any shit on
you know punch punch
like shit I guess you can't punch
here we go can you punch I nope
yeah I don't know how to drop my weapon
oh yes I understand I'll be honest with
you I've never been
yeah well that was a clusterfuck hurry
up
I got okay
all right let's see if we can find some
weapons now it's not often that you have
to drop weapons switching to it doesn't
eventually switch to fist no you would
think that's what I kept trying here we
go here's something that was here we go
all right well I got something now
stylish gloves I don't necessarily want
stylish gloves now we're pretty close to
the edge so we're good we can take a
take a moment lit properly is there
stuff like in the shooting range I'm
just gonna take a quick a quick jaunt
Jack and use something else oh shit I
got a first aid kit how what what's your
health like oh shit yeah
was there a gun oh there was a gun yeah
you pick it up it's on your back I
didn't even realize Jack's got a star l
okay shit nice the chat get into the
beans Jack get in the beans I hold on
let me get home what let me I think you
have less health than I do so I'm gonna
give you this med kit where are you
right behind you you can use it yeah but
I think here's less yeah hi there you go
that's very noble of you Jack listen I
know who the talent is on the team and
it's not me oh shit
oh and yeah now we got guns for days all
right well you know let's um let's look
through this shooting field and just
kind of head towards the circle because
it's about to close in on us
she let someone know you just dropped
something else someone else could use
some guns oh sure anyone need any guns
is everyone good on weapons we got a
vector on the ground
I think everybody's good all right okay
all right great let's see if there's
anything in this field medical supplies
being top priority and health per second
so you die so quick in this game anyway
doesn't matter that much well you're
gonna run away for the circle I know I
know but the Omaima there's stuff in
here this is where I found all that shit
and on the barrels fuck all right circle
yeah circle circle oh look they're
already gone already
wait for me team I'm coming and we're
pretty close do you see like we're we're
super close to the circle I'm not I'm
not too worried doctor smokes got my six
thanks dr. smoke don't stay too far
apart easy to get messy
all right
looks clear
all right great all right next next
order business is just finding the
nearest house Shack whatever it looks
like at about 150 southeast there's a
there's a Shack or something it's not
150 maybe we're gonna wait we're going
we're going here yeah
yeah
yes and stay on the lookout for people
running in the circle
they know
I'm gonna trap
say that again you said going over to
that rocket ok
yeah it looks pretty clear nice oh shit
don't fall down the rocks that seems
suspicious be careful
somebody could be closing doors we might
have a Cameron Mitchell situation on our
hands that's the place oh you need that
and a half oh nice nice we are at full
health again alright let's let's let's
tear this house up yeah close the
fucking door guys I know I'm so sorry
epitaxy I mean to be fair you won yeah
single-handedly last round so really
you're just giving us a chance to play
which we appreciate all right let's head
over to that other house
close the fucking door good get him a
chatty Peter boo boom
the ostrich says Jack yeah it's still
your victory hey we won as a team you
want the whole game without murdering
any of your team and then without a
doubt contributed to the victory I'd yes
absolutely
was that radio chatter sorry about that
quiet don't tell me there's a level one
police mess over here if anyone needs it
alright well this is looking good
why don't we um why don't we hang here
and wait for the circle to close and see
where we got to run to next
oh okay well how about we head to this
house over here I just marked the place
on the map okay
what are these tips come from how do I
do two of us want to get in a dune buggy
that's the question today is the 20th
right good effort acts quiet
how are you reading I'm brain dad I was
playing you're playing I was playing FTL
us of course I didn't see these tips
come in right turn said since we missed
a couple all right listen we're getting
in the dune buggy yeah I need someone
someone to be my gunner doctor smoke
trees happen hop in the gunner seat how
what you got to follow Mad Max style
tired said here's what I'm seeing from
you oh you only have two people in a car
huh the dune buggy only has two people
Oh
all right we're gonna scout ahead and
we'll meet you at the marker I want Mad
Max clear house clear the house rich
you're not helping which has more
obnoxious fanservice from the original
film force awakens our deadliest prey
deadliest prey yeah deadliest prey is
nothing but fanservice
let's print outside a mask where
oh shit sorry I thought we were at the
house sorry home what what's wrong I I
went to the wrong place oh that was my
bad home what we are coming we are on
our way
I tipped over the dune buggy and I got
confused and scared but we're on our way
now okay all right to the marker to the
window to the wall
we're inside the zone so we got some
breathing room here see if there's
anything in here
okay Frisco Jones is rich and Jack
friend of mine named Greg turns 26 today
mind giving him a birthday shout-out
happy birthday Greg 26 now you did it
Greg you didn't die for another year
whoo Greg you know everybody wants to be
25 that's like the age yeah the
preferred age okay so it's nothing but
downhill from here Greg it's true let
that soak in
have you seen any movement over here how
up all right let's bust it oh nice
I want there's some medical supplies in
here for you
oh we're getting shotgun shotgun shotgun
and a level 2 helmet does anybody need
does anybody need a helmet yeah there's
one on the second floor close five five
six here I can I might be able to spare
some because I have yeah here's some
five five six because I have I have
other ones no problem okay so plan
do we have one what's going on here J
fresh juices Jack are you changing your
recommendation for pub G you seem to be
enjoying it way more than when you guys
first played it also rich what city do
you think the next GTA should take place
in um why don't you take care of GTA
question first oh nice just cuz I know
what it is and if you need to see things
I'm familiar with fucker
alright let's head said they probably
won't sense
watchdogs flopped yeah we got him we
anima wrong we got a rock and roll oh
the dune buggy is malfunctioned it was a
different it was a it wasn't me
Thank You helmet alright another what
oh yeah yeah how what needs a helmet
alright I'll keep a lookout you go get a
helmet know if you remember what my
recommendation was in the official
review was that I really liked this game
I just can come I just can't recommend
it to anyone else because there's a ton
of bullshit
my recommendation was it's fun and a
group and we're in a group right now
right I'm just not much of a social
gamer
all right you guys ready I placed a
marker around the map a green marker
that's where we're going see if we run
into any cars on the way there that
would be nice if not we hole fit pretty
good 27 alive yeah yeah we're doing more
we're doing pretty alright how far you
gotta go pretty far we have we have a
ways do you see where the running man is
in the middle oh yeah we got we'll make
it I'm just hoping we run into like a
car or a jeep or something over here so
no like I really enjoy it but my
bullshit tolerance meter is pretty well
established and so I could just see a
lot of people starting to play this game
and getting incredibly frustrated over
and over again so I couldn't recommend
it to anyone else for me I'd like it and
group plays where it's at so announces
rich are you going to myth con with
armored skeptic if you do not know what
I'm talking about
here's a link for context oh yeah that's
right they wanted me to ask you I'm
unfamiliar with myth con but I I've seen
some of those videos but I don't know
armored skeptic well I think he's like
he's giving a presentation I don't I
don't think I don't think he's inviting
you to like hang out with him I think I
know like literally nothing about it
Muskaan is happening in Milwaukee I
think it's at the pear
okay let's head to that tree directly to
the south of us
yeah I know he reviews movies he used to
do like religious kind of debating and
he's kind of moved into politics and I
I'm less into that
sure oh shit here's the blue line all
right we got a head into the building on
the other side just run run run fuck
fuck
you'll be all right yeah we're gonna
make it we're gonna make it
we're gonna make it I hang out here for
a second
no motherfucker all right guys new
strategy we got to run new new new
strategy are they in the house were they
at where they at check the windows check
the windows relax relax
do you find a grenade no it's just you
it took me a while to realize that when
you said grenade human that's there was
a grenade because like I heard the clink
and then you said grenade I was like
yeah rich just asked if I had a grenade
i haved of course don't have a grenade
and then it blew up oh well hmm well hey
guys thanks for playing with me I think
we're gonna call that but that was great
yeah what a weird chicken dinner if we
didn't you know that's a great way to
start the day I know he said grenade but
it was right after rich asked me if I
had a grenade and so then he said
grenade all right and leave scene bye
guys and so then then episode grenade
and I was like yeah rich just asked me
if I had a grenade Doug that's all right
that's what I was thinking that's what
was going through my head I want to let
you know that's what was going through
my head yeah I've tried the first person
shooter service but the problem with the
first person shooter servers is like it
was it was neat but I played it three
times in all three times someone was
directly behind me for a long time
and I didn't even realize because you
don't it you don't have that field of
view and so like they shot me
point-blank with a shotgun in my back
and I was like well they're fucking
behind me on the whole time so I liked
it but pro tip from someone with
military experience grenade means
incoming thanks twitch devil
I am Ellison this is why I should never
join the military if a draft got
instigated yeah I would show them this
footage of me and I would say do you
want me on the front lines and they'd
say no you can be a janitor or a cook
you did not do terrible no I chicken
chicken chicken winner winner chicken
dinner man yeah yeah doing pretty good
jack two people except at the very end I
didn't know why you're running out in
the middle of the field I had a pun in
okay and my plan was to draw them out
that's not gonna draw them out though
that's just gonna make them shoot you
but because they shot at me epidote see
okay okay my my hope was that I could
see them and shoot them too but it
didn't work out I sacrificed myself I
could be the driver listen I could be
the cook you get I'll be a cook how
about that if there's if there's if
there's a draft I'll be the cook you
don't want me on the front line Jack has
many skills combat is not one of them
that's exactly right grass Baker
that's exactly exactly right Jeff Rick's
je fresca to says hey guys thoughts on
dave bautista being cast as the eternal
warrior and valiant eternal warrior
movie I'm very worried because all
valiant films are going to be produced
by Sony oh we've got a Sony trying to
turn valiant into a cinematic universe
valiums Oh best luck Tom I got nothing
against Matisse today's great and
guardians of the galaxy yeah he seems
like he seems like a genuine dude I
don't know anything about eternal
warrior I hope I mean Sony does not have
the greatest track record so as a fan of
valiant I hope it does well so that I
could see maybe an archer and Armstrong
yeah movie which I think would be
fantastic that would be a really
fantastic
I hope they don't do a harbinger because
harbinger needs to be a TV show that's
the long that's the slow burn melodrama
but hey those in 1984 says late to the
stream was at the Horseshoe you know
what a decent chunk of change does
anyone on Earl M gamble or has in the
past thanks and you're always
entertaining Jack and rich I'm gonna
casino a couple times enjoy it I've been
to the casino a couple times and I
always hate it yeah even even if I come
back like I've never like won a giant
pot of money yeah and even if I come
back ahead I just feel stupid it's like
hey great food at the Potawatomi I've
never been a Potawatomi oh no Ivan once
I've gambled here and there like I went
I once I've been to Vegas a few times
and I've gambled here and there and I
always feel dumb gambling is the
stupidest thing I would love to join not
not like you know the World Series of
Poker but just a smaller poker
tournament sure fun sure I think I think
Potawatomi has them every now and then
it's like a hundred bucks to get in yeah
that would be fun I would enjoy doing
that I could see you being very good at
poker we'll see so good I can Bluff in
person okay oh my god I mean I mean oh
those cards were adequate and I I want
20,000 my first Vegas trip and I've been
addicted ever since I could see that but
like
I guess it's just never to me I would
even the time spent I would rather spend
doing something else where I know that's
a lot of people a lot of kids say yeah
you know what I take a hundred bucks and
I get four hours at the casino and now
that's that's you know hundred bucks for
four hours of entertainment it's like I
could we could go see a movie and like
two movies for way cheaper so is
different it's spectacle yeah I I'm not
if there were less smoke I would
absolutely love it
okay I know Potawatomi still love
smoking inside this it's awful but uh no
I'm not a big fan of gambling all right
now is the point in the stream in which
we thank all the people who have
subscribed to us during this very stream
much like Stupak illan I went once none
of my birthday oh I didn't know you had
any more gambling stories I'm sorry I
got I got one more I got one more story
and then I got another tip shit well
hold this 2pacalypse hold on hold on Stu
pocalypse hold on hold on what my
birthday once I won like $400 yeah and
then at some point I don't know where it
happened because these thieves are very
wily yeah somebody must pick my pocket
or something real I only walked out with
a hundred ahead I'm still ahead ahead
but I was 400 ahead Jack I'm most about
a damn fine pickpocket I don't know you
you have to assume like they they work
yeah she knows all right and then they
just keep an eye out for anyone who
Shevin bills somewhere and a little bump
and little bump and grants a fucking
vanished yep I would absolutely believe
that up 400 the siren I'm sorry all
right that's my that's my casino tail no
sense just watch space cop loved it
thanks for the laughs they are needed
you're welcome I know I am caught up
okay
don't know if you remember but you guys
helped me get out of a boring
conversation with a girl by saying there
was an ostrich outside any suggestions
before you go it's happening again
oh Jesus Christ there's an ostrich being
attacked by an how do you meet all
boring people why are you still talking
here's what you do
so um start doing this start rubbing the
back of your neck yeah and just like
they have a confused look on your face
and you go you know I think I gotta get
this mold checked out I gotta go ah are
they supposed to be happy I gotta go
don't you don't touch it it might be
contagious
all right so Stupak lips who who says
thank you for all the laughter you're
welcome Stu pocalypse Walpole's judge
mortis Sean for twenty three fucking
months in a row Sean says FTL is always
fun to watch thank you for all the
entertainment you give me dulcet tones
of rich Evans Artic is Rex says oh my
fuck I almost forgot to resub thanks for
remember how you Texas panhandler says
you guys are a lot of fun thanks for the
stream purple space bazooka for 31
fucking months in a row says howdy you
magnificent hack frauds 31 months and
I'm glad to be along for the ride thank
you for all you do always forward
forward always twirling twirling into
the future how's it go always forward
never backwards upwards not downwards
downward and twirling twirling towards
the future always forward forward always
is a Luke Cage chrono clone yellow is a
flavor hits be crits Punk in Shu says
three or four nineteen months in a row
says 3gk twenty-three
mega PHA says Studio Highland is puppet
paradise
rebel base says I'm anxiously anxiously
waiting for the Twin Peaks reunion
discussion stream see that would begin
at the wait for change
I don't watch Twin Peaks but that would
be a perfect
Karen opportunity well it will get Jay
and Josh here I'll binge-watch it and
we'll just spend all night talking about
Twin Peaks and Carole animal crossing
away handle it'll be great hey you're OG
dooms dreams have made me go back and
play the old pc games from my childhood
descent quake and mech warrior love you
streams thanks to the good times
welcome badly drawn Bob magic one Tiger
cam boozled brown Adam Sandler I hope
that's not racist I don't know this is
eight months this baby is almost ready
to pop out if I remember correctly Brown
Adam Sandler is of Indian descent okay
and and looks like Adam Sam we've had a
conversation with him via chat before
Jay s babbler coax Jack says oh my it's
incredible lol sure on my heart oh
that's a pop song you don't want to hear
gentlemen bears says well once again my
friend we find that science is a
two-headed beast one head is nice it
gives us aspirin and other modern
conveniences but the other head of
science is a bad is bad I'll be where
the other head of science Arthur it
bites that's a thick quote I remember
that damn Tesla snuke seven says when's
the next pub G squad stream
we want more friendly fire hijinks I
learned my lessons of life from last one
killer 1633 says hey Richard Jack what
your thoughts were on the news that zack
snyder version of justice league was so
bad the studio executives at WB are a
lot our allowing joss whedon to change
everything in reshoots keep up the great
work
III would be like not shocked at all
actually the shocking thing in there the
shocking thing yeah is that Warner
Brothers came to their senses and let
Josh Whedon redo whatever he wants right
that's the shocking aspect of this story
right like he came in there and he you
know he's like oh yeah hey I'm really
happy to do these reshoots thanks for
letting me have my back or a movie I was
looking at the script do you have the
real script because this one is
obviously a joke or a cobbled together
mess and they were like they just
started breaking down and crying and
then they they took their checkbook and
they said Joss Whedon blank check please
make it a good movie just know I didn't
hate it it wasn't great
age of Ultron it wasn't great there's a
good movies yeah did it make a shit ton
of money that's true that's true well
but not as much as they were expecting
remember oh god okay did you see the
news Wonder Woman
just made a whole bunch of money and is
now not adjusted for inflation but is
now the most the highest-grossing
superhero origin movie
just beating out the Sam Raimi
spider-man but adjusted for inflation
you've got adjusted for inflation right
yuki-onna Zack Taylor Prez this time
it's lupus for 22 fucking months and her
rope says I don't feel great about you
putting hack bot and
position where he learns to kill it's
your future robot apocalypse I'll sign
that Accord speaking of Elon Musk
you see his big his big thing him and
other tech leaders around the world are
trying to get some sort of UN resolution
passed to ban the use of artificial
intelligence killing robots which by the
way seems like the biggest no-brainer
like yeah we don't want robots to kill
without a human controlling them that
seems silly Don Isaac Asimov had that
one figured out like 50 years ago like
before robots were invented Don Buckwald
says the dulcet tones of FTL just what I
need as the weekend winds down happy to
support you guys
TC 209 says dear another other guy and
other other other guy you've inspired me
to try my hand at filmmaking stay tuned
for the read veg of courage the Lisa
sparks story love TC 209 that's a porno
Joe I get it crooked spy roll says
thanks for eight months of Awesome
streams any plans to stream the new XCOM
2 content coming out later this move I'm
sure get around to streaming it rich
enjoys XM it'll probably happen
ww 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 0 do you ever
think about people who have subscribed
for multiple months and suddenly
disappear yeah sometimes I figure they
just found other things to do or you
know it's like and not everyone can just
keep subscribing people's life situation
changes and so yeah you know I don't
feel like subscribing this month that's
fine yeah like we had some regulars who
I don't see around anymore but that
happens Jordana says 6 months of you
hack frogs and my movie dick buddies I
am winning at
life wasting congratulations if you're
having a good time it's not wasting
Captain James May for 12 months in a row
fleshy patch for 35 fucking months in a
row fleshy patch says crap on a cracker
machete bug chica moo-moo-moo master
says thanks for the hours of
infotainment and I'm faded of
edutainment it might be infotainment and
it's not edutainment
we're not educating anyone god no no
Jesus Christ if you're coming here for
edutainment you've clicked wrong whoa
Kimmy - ooh nice this first game I tried
because you guys FTL so I'm loving this
stream three months in and so many more
to go you hacks Thank You Hunchback
that's a future a longtime subscriber
who just disappear someday right
whatever happened to water feed MIDI
soon that's so weird
Hunchback Jack for twenty seven fucking
months in a row says 27 is 3 cubed and
there's a joke in there somewhere but
I'll leave it's the professionals still
loving every stream thanks for the fun
guys appreciate your hard work 3 cubed
the guy you want to talk to for the math
joke is David X Cohen from Futurama sure
sure you're barking up the wrong tree if
you want a math joke any cubed is ice
hard then you know cubed times three
times
where do we go this one
Scrooge McGrew Denso Washington Santos
Ally rasa for 18 months in a row ally
rasa says have you guys watched killjoys
fun to space bounty hunter adventures
you might also like worms to local
multiplayer was amazing
Holly Rosa says thanks for the always
needed if something oh there's look
Holly Rosa and Ollie underscore Rosa how
strange
that's interesting how very strange
that's a different thing yeah yeah are
there two ollie roses
there's no because they underscore what
are the coincidence somebody has cloned
themselves an ollie Rosanna I don't
recall which one is the original well
probably the one that has been 18 months
versus the one who's been 7 months
that's strange that's very strange
that's very strange
that's very strange make sure they
always needed FTL tutorial and for the
shirt no problem
MTL tutorial is I got I got owned at the
end you made it pretty far
I freaking swill bow Jagan's
no key hunter says only a bunch more
months so I get a fucking Amazon should
really let you Auto renew that would be
nice
at tini Zen selling on 437 motherfucking
months in a row Algar not says late to
stream tonight just in time to give you
some Amazon money thanks for another
month of entertainment Thank You Alan
grown up crabby uncle levy nice Mad Max
is going to be the new Leroy Jenkins
thanks for all the years of
entertainment keep up the good work
did I miss something when when I wrecked
my dune buggy
oh we were saying Mad Max and by the way
it would have been awesome like go off
the jump land and then you hit the
handbrake Ethan you hit the square the
spacebar hit the handbrake right
outside the house we would have rolled
up in the house but then it just started
to slowly barrel all who saw had coming
the Mad Max
dr. gunther hunter hanker for 21 fucking
months in a row says my favorite podcast
good night thank you
jackass the chat is saying yeah mediocre
it is better and rich what was I
supposed to do it's just fucking barrel
rolled this keyboard yeah oh no no no
you tomorrow we got two more bleach me
and twitch devil 23 thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
