Tower of Power of Guns
February 19, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eO08rem6TGo

it's a great start I feel like we're
doing great already don't you feel like
we're doing like we're doing we're doing
great already uh no okay so like most
nights no this isn't the resolution I
want it like that resolution go through
Wayne that's not a bad one keep going
that's what you want okay there we go
okay so he didn't have a plan
like we we usually don't have a yeah
yeah it's you know it's it's fair to say
that we usually don't have a plan and
but but there was that Humble Bundle
that I want to say so far has raised
something crazy like six million dollars
what are they raising it for others what
is what does Humble Bundle for people
who don't know we shook him don't assume
things don't assume shit we'll watch
this ten years from now go and what was
grandpa talking about Humble Bundle is a
website that often has game sales most
notably you are able to choose the
amount that you pay for the bundle so
let's say there's five games in the
bundle yeah you can pay whatever you
want but if you pay a certain amount you
get more things so there was a Humble
Bundle recently called the freedom
bundle so they take and they pocket all
of the money the humble takes all the
money and and fuck everyone else so
there was a bundle recently I was just
getting I call setting up that I go
properly so so a lot of the times
bundles will be chair charitable
donations yeah and so for example this
freedom bundle there are three different
charities that you can choose which one
you wanted to donate to ACLU I think
Doctors Without Borders was one of them
and another
No and if you paid a certain amount of
money for each tier you got certain
games and and you can there's little
sliders it's actually cool
so like let's say let's say you know
fuck Doctors Without Borders I hate
those guys
but I like this other charity you can
give all the money to the other jerk
yeah yeah or vice versa
and so I donated to this a bunch of
people have donated to this freedom
bundle and I have a shit ton of games
now we've got and a lot of them were
doubles and so we will be sporadically
giving out games throughout doctors
without degrees I don't I don't know
what it is but as there's good you good
charities and and we have a bunch of do
I have a bunch of doubles and so we're
gonna be giving away some games actually
at first yeah just so rich can see cuz
at any time if you want to give away a
game you can do that okay so here's a
bunch of games
and so we thought we would play some of
the games that I got in the bundle that
I'm not giving away like tower of guns
which I've never played but I remember
has always been a game that I wanted to
play so I know this is your list of
games why am I looking at this right now
oh just to let you know it's there okay
someone in case you want to give away a
game okay everything else on yours on
the chopping block I just pointed out to
me before you give it away all right all
right okay great
choose your perk you know what I don't
know how this game works it so we're
just gonna we're just gonna go we're
just gonna go man good obligate says hey
guys I gotta go
New York Toy Fair is this weekend and
they premiered a huge transformers
triptych on set I want what is the most
expensive toy you guys have ever spent
money on for yourself
PC say like what do you mean toy I've
never been much of a toy collector no I
did just because they look so nice I
went out and I got like the zone of the
enders collectible action figure
basically it's a statue on my desk right
now but that was I think I think ahout
II was that was a gift carrying out that
but I remember how much it was like 50
but I bought a nubes there's this the
mad guy that was I was like 17 I was a
splurge but I got a new bus for a
present I had to get the I had to get
the opposite robot yeah yeah so they can
be in either side of the top of my desk
but I really really like that game
yeah I'm also not a toy person I do have
that in fact I brought it here today
did that Friday the 13th NES edition
well yeah it's it's a figure of Michael
Myers but in the end that's colorful
Jason son of a bitch
Jason Vorhees by the way Jack is not
running on all cylinders tonight that's
something you all need to know it's well
it's another yeah yeah I should know
better
it's Jason but in the NES color palette
so he's purple and blue and and he looks
hilarious so right now we're playing
tower of guns because you know so what
is what this is this is the one your
humble bundle games hidden you got what
is what is tower of guns and how many
games did you get with that bumble oh I
mean 60 an absurd amount of games
I got an amount of games that I I'm just
like I will never play that many games
but you know you get him yeah I got him
some of them were ones that I wanted
like this but this was in the bundle I
was like oh yeah that's great
guacamelee was in the bundle and even
though I have that for ps4 I don't have
it for steam melee I had a bunch of
stuff and like I said it had a bunch of
doubles and I thought to myself oh you
know I bet I can give that away stream
and people would like that people would
like it if I gave those
hi I was thinking of you all I've got
I've got to avoid looking at the screen
ever since I got over the flu yeah yeah
I get I'm getting motion sick really
easy oh yeah then don't look at this
yeah yeah I'm sorry rich I did not know
I did not know that you were I saw some
footage of like the the newer version of
brutal doom that working on oh yeah and
the youtubes the other day and I almost
threw up
it hit me hard and fast Oh God are we
excited for the new zeldo um I'm hopeful
look at what them is they've touted the
non-linearity of it yeah which I find
exciting I worry
having looked at people playing the game
that this it's gonna be you know this
huge area with very little in it I worry
it's gonna be a large empty world you
know I keep thinking of what was that
game
last tighten I played it on streem and
it's Oh Titan lose something quest souls
okay Titan Souls wait and technically
speaking Titan soul was a game where you
could go anywhere right but it only had
the boss battle yeah and actually that
was one of my biggest complaints about
it is just getting to the next boss was
incredibly boring yeah yeah
and so yes if we if we run into a
situation where it's no fun walking
around yeah
rich did not love Skyward Sword he did
it
whatever we call where to call that the
the other show I did the the last that
got canceled
oh did you do Skyward Sword on game
station game station and now I and it
yeah
as you should it's pretty bad pretty bad
game about Wind Waker is great and you
know what even just sailing around in
Wind Waker was fantastic
I think the sailing in winwaker is a
fair thing to criticize for whatever
reason when I played it it did for me
the illusion of it being a larger world
because you spend a lot of time or a
fucking boat worked that's what I'm
saying no I loved sailing is what I'm
saying and sailing and winwaker made it
okay just to just to fuck around in the
open world
so escapes huge I spent 45 minutes
sailing to the next island I gotta go to
Wow
so huge uh-huh there's so much else in
that game that works
oh yeah there's a lot of that getting
orders the combats fucking phenomenal
the whole like spinning around enemies
she had I love that love that shit
shanem freud a-- says shot him Freud ah
hey homies homie please say the
following sentence okay is that just you
wanna smell smart Alexa ad watch
previously recorded to my to-do list
Cheers hey Siri open up pornography and
in my web browser you gonna start a
thing I'm gonna start a thing now
I can't let we can't let this get out of
hand this can easily get out of hand
you know I replayed Twilight Princess
recently and I don't think it holds up
as well cutscenes yeah there's a corner
of time better than our car enough time
did mad mad props to Twilight Princess a
lot of bullshit in Twilight Princess
looking back on it not a bullshit a fair
amount of bullshit in Twilight Princess
Twilight Princess is boring not as
boring as Skyward Sword Oh God agreed
but I think like I love - Twilight
Princess when it came out I I remember
damn near getting emotional at the
ending of it I became I really liked the
characters but on replay now that I am
older and theoretically wiser a lot of
it was just get get through with all of
this inane bullshit you are allergic to
cutscenes I am I am deathly deathly
allergic to cut scenes then ane better
when they're not cut scenes and you're
just standing around and it forces you
to talk to somebody I mean I mean like
afraid because I bet your bottom way too
much so just forget about it I think we
like the order sure okay is it any
better when it's not really a cutscene
is that any better no no that's just any
but well he I guess here's the thing now
ain't no order they were mostly cussing
it's any any time in which I can do
nothing like you know there's plenty of
times in half-life 2 as Gordon Freeman
that you just kind of have to sit around
a room and listen to people talk right
but while I'm in that room I can look
around I can touch other things I can
goof off right hmm I have some control
as a character and that's all I'm really
looking for here is like I just want
control as a character no more heroes
the cutscenes usually manage to get a
freaking laugh out of me and I don't I
don't see them working as well if it's a
disguised cutscene it's not really a
cutscene but you just walk it around
yeah you know like you know we're like
what we were talking obviously if like
the cutscene is 45 minutes long and
boring they're doing something wrong but
but just as a concept
I don't hate cut scenes for the sake of
hating cut scenes you know and I think
that's where our opinion differs I don't
necessarily hate them I guess I do you
know looking back on it who handled it
incredibly well is Arkham Knight yeah
like never a cut scene even though they
were technically cut scenes yes you I
don't about night I know not off top my
head I can't remember but I know asylum
had a few but like remember in Arkham
Knight like you know we were Batman and
we were stuck in the cage it was
basically a cutscene but you could still
move and look around and then they turn
to that hole you move and look around
thing to the storytelling advantage sure
I'm not sure how well that would work
and something like No More Heroes like
different strokes for different folks
there's no this is the right answer and
this is the way every game needs to tell
its story
all right uh what do we got here yeah
this time it's lupus says hey guys I
lubis participating in a charity event
Thursday for charity benefiting kids
with cancer I highly recommend people
donate money for kids with cancer at
their website chesed for kids with
cancer is it around how you feel about
you know plugging something that's all I
don't know for all I know I I have to
trust them that this is a real thing oh
sure sure one step camp org
and if you go there and it's like a
virus that destroys your computer and
steals your credit card information I'm
horribly sorry because I know nothing
about them who do we blame but this time
it's lupus they've been around for a
while I doubt they're yeah you don't
like them okay it's not suspicious
1-step camp dot org kids with cancer
maybe maybe this time it's lupus
computer gun got infected by some kind
of Trojan hack bot
oh that's trying to spread itself yeah
through donations to previously recorded
that's a really bad job have you
considered that maybe we are the cancer
rich you've blown my mind I you know
what I guess I did death metal six one
sex Marvel Universe reference what does
that still valid anymore no no six one
six they at some point they decided that
the Marvel parallel universes would have
numbers and the main Marvel Universe we
had been following was universe number
six one six yes but then they just said
that secret wars which I think they'd
have their their own crisis on Infinite
Earths bullshit so I'm not sure that's
even valid anymore they say
you just wanted to thank you guys for
recommending the Stanley parable I
bought it last week and really enjoyed
it
thought Jack might be interested to know
that I'm not a hardcore gamer I am
interested in knowing that a lot of
people a lot of people after after are
not our gaming noob play Stanley parable
wanted Jay to play it and I think he's
just in the same boat as far as non
hardcore gamer playing something like
the Stanley parable where it sits and it
like even with Karen it's not
necessarily about like being a hardcore
gamer but it's being willing to learn
and I just don't think Jay cares enough
about games to like put in the time to
learn you know I don't know I don't know
it's fine it's fine
rebel bases hey rich thought you'd be
happy to know that after years of being
a console gamer put my big-boy pants on
and built my first gaming PC
congratulations it feels nice doesn't it
after you build your own PC what you
like built your computer you feel that
ownership that is my computer I know
because I fucking built it I'll tell you
it's a great feeling
I'll talk about rich it's really nice
and you hate like because I've been on
the other on the other foot yeah because
like I've been on the console gamer side
all right I understand some occasions
but now that I've finally crossed over
just like what the hell was I thinking
you know it's like you finally get out
of the cult and you go yeah I was in a
cult
why didn't anyone tell me I was in a
cult Oh everyone told me so you know
congratulations building your own PC
yeah it's just fun that's that's like
adult Legos right there death metal six
months six in the chat saying wish I
knew how to build a PC you know what
just do some googling searches I mean
it's not as difficult as you would think
it is hi jack did it and
well mass what did you know about
building a computer before you did it oh
the the most the most computer intensive
thing I had done before that was
installing new Ram yeah like taking out
old RAM and putting in new Ram that was
it all I did all it takes a little bit
of reading just to educate yourself yep
PC parts pick you'll be you'll be
nervous when you do it especially your
first time yeah
we've we've Kim
camera seems to be fried again we'll
have to figure out how to unfried our
camera another time last time I was a
Windows Update wasn't it yeah yeah yeah
so last time we'll work on that so well
on fryer camera another time we just got
rid of the overlay for now and I've also
disabled some of the fancier options on
on the old I disabled some of the
fancier options on the game just in case
it was a game OBS issue did the light go
out on the camera when it flopped yeah
the light is no longer on on the camera
and now we have a different kind of
glitch in the game what's wrong see that
like lame part of the menu doesn't stuck
around Alda
anyways to quit alright game child you
cases for the new Star Trek series there
are two types of episodes I want them to
do an episode or two-parter in the
mirror universe and we've gone down that
well too often heaven we don't we need
to get to know the new crew before we
can really be interested in like the
evil versions of them yes that's like
season two or three oh wow that's even
beyond season two or three yeah we they
need to be well established and an
episode involving Nazis these are
essential Trek requirements you and in
this political climate you cannot talk
about Nazis you can't hear what having
the PewDiePie he lost his you to British
outed me oh sure but that's that's
probably a lot of money for him because
the Wall Street Journal decided to edit
a piece of slander they took a few
Hitler jokes he made completely out of
context slap some ominous music over it
then they sat back and laugh while the
man got hurt personally I I hope he
Sue's their fucking asses off you know
here's the thing
however it's not like out of context is
one thing it's not like they fabricated
him saying things he made some tasteless
jokes we've made yeah we've made more
tasteless jokes we've made more
tasteless jokes we don't have to deal
with corporation no he does and that's
part of it why is that absolves the Wall
Street Journal for being unethical hacks
they said hey qd5 made some some not to
do he's made some Nazi jokes he said
they were just jokes
but listen to this ominous music it was
what they did was fucking awful and they
should be ashamed this guy who has a
giant
audience is making Nazi jokes and and so
that all right you know what hey rich I
don't care that he made Knox eat Nazi
jokes you know who does caries corporate
sponsors like who cares who cares if
they put ominous music or cut together a
highlight clip of all of them good he he
has all of his subscribers who had his
back I have his back as a creator he can
say whatever the fuck he wants to say
but you know what like corporations
don't need to keep paying him alright
we're getting into politics now which is
why you can't talk about Nazis it's
gonna get close to politics
this game sucks that's why that blur fix
this
this game is poorly optimized I don't
know who cares if it's like so yeah he
had a deal with Disney they dropped him
he had to deal with YouTube red and they
dropped him why because they don't like
controversy that's the price you pay
dealing with corporations what's going
to happen to him is nothing he's gonna
keep doing a show he's gonna keep saying
dumb jokes and that's gonna be the whole
thing he lost a lot of money because
somebody defamed him I he might have
grounds for a lawsuit no if I were the
Wall Street Journal I might actually be
worried about they cut together clips of
him saying shit like they didn't they
didn't like Homer Homer Simpson him
remember remember the venus de milo
episode where he grabbed the
babysitter's asked like they didn't they
didn't fabricate him saying stuff they
just showed the stuff that he said it's
fine it's gonna be fine and once again
Chad before you flip the fuck out I will
defend it PewDiePie's artistic license
to make whatever joke he wants to me
yeah he's absolutely free to make those
jokes just like Disney is free not not
to have ties with them right so it's
just totally not a big deal all right
Gavin the gang says right steam is
transformers games on sale today you
guys played devastation do you think
it's worth 10 bucks they also have fall
of Cybertron for 10 and it looks pretty
good not sure if you've tried that I
haven't that was the
not worth tomorrow tons not much it's
not worth it it's about how much you
make how much how much is $10 worth to
you do things how much is $10 worth to
you
yeah and how nostalgic are you for the
Transformers those are the two questions
you have to ask yourself yeah I didn't
particularly like the game I didn't
particularly enjoy it
I think Optimus Prime with his friend
run around is Optimus Prime
a little bit know I you know like you're
gonna you're gonna get like maybe an
hour worth of nostalgia sure sure it's
repetitive it's repetitive insane lack
of enemy variety oh my god ya know I
just can't imagine you're gonna get
combat that's kind of a letdown compared
to other games Platinum is made I can't
imagine you're gonna get $10 worth even
even if you're even if you're super rich
and and loved the fucking transformers
anonymous says today in Target I saw an
old man in an aisle staring at the cover
of the Amy Schumer book where you see
her bareback he had a bow no I thought
of rich pious nice madam says rich no
love for the vic viper its transforms
into a plain which fills me with
childlike wonder also our jod slash
Anubis sturdy
I'm a splurge them eventually now that I
know they exist
thanks I don't particularly have any
love for the big Viper I think it's
probably the ugliest robot in zone of
the enders though I guess if you're fond
of gradius it might be need to have
as far as the the the zone of the enders
Jeffy and Anubis figures are they sturdy
well they got joints that click in the
place so I'm not worried about like the
pose just kind of overtime and they come
with stands that hold them up which for
Anubis you are going to 100% need you
might have somewhat getting Jodi to
stand it's got little feet pegs okay but
I don't know why you wouldn't rather use
the stands they just forgot a cool
midair flying pose
oh boy
Movie_Boozer says this weekend I watched Things
and got into a debate with a friend I hope you can resolve 
oh my god 
Gun to your head, if you had to rewatch Things or blood shack, which would you do...
Blood Shack.
...and why...Blood Shack.
Blood Shack.
Blood Shack.
Blood Shack.
Blood Shack.
Blood Shack is, Blood Shack is fun.
Things is a grueling experience.
Things is a marathon in suffering. Um, which is, Jay loves Things,
and I have no idea why.
Rich and I are not on the same page on a lot of issues.
We're on the ground the same Things page.
Things is awful.
Blood Shack for the ending alone there's real to it
was the Cooper but there's a real
trouper though all the cheaper the
cheaper blood jack is great what Jack is
whoa is where we coined our phrase
shooting the rodeo which way these twice
on camera and people were like so what
people have never questioned us when we
said shoot the rodeo but shoot the rodeo
refers to when you take advantage of
something that just happens to be
happening near your shoot to add
production value there's a section in
blood Shack where there it's a lot of
scenes in a rodeo about a b-roll from a
rodeo and obviously whenever shooting it
there was a rodeo in town so they took
advantage of had to get some shots at
the rodeo yeah which added to the
perceived production value of blood Shaq
I think we talked we talked about it
during that me during pocket ninjas
where the the kids were they were at
some sort of parade mm-hmm yeah and it
was obviously just one of those
situations where like yeah there's a
parade in town quick we'll just go
shooting next to the parade then it'll
look like we had a parade and I'm great
oh god I need to get rid of backed away
that is really bothering the crap out of
me I hope that's bothering the crap out
of everyone else
raises well it raises perceived
production value is what it does yeah
doesn't raise actual production value
but productive bill hecka says so so
about how you built your own pcs worst
timing ever
that's very true hug the hilariously
true we were talking about how we built
our own pcs and then our piece you
happen to crash listen you know what
happened to crash we're talking about it
at the end of the day I can still use a
fucking mouse to place shooters yeah and
for me that is ultimately the most
important thing that is that is why I am
a PC gamer that is that is probably like
the most important reason for me just to
use my mouse I like I like having
control over that I like being able like
if I want a mod something or if I want
to customize my control I love that yeah
that's nice
you don't really get good strategy games
on the console I guess I guess XCOM came
out in the console the way XCOM 2 didn't
fuck XCOM is on the iPad motherfucker
XCOM is on the Vita and no one has a
Vita
XCOM is on everything at the moment
I thought I thought you didn't even like
shooters rich well you've seen me gush
over doom and vanquish do you get the
idea that rich doesn't like shooters I
don't like shooters with a gamepad yeah
it might be what you're thinking of
anything with a gamepad for me
personally few people out there who
enjoy is is just the the worst fucking
thing it's the most uncomfortable thing
able PC game just because of the mouse
yeah and you know as a as a convert as
someone who who used to defend aiming
with a controller and I you know I will
still defend I will always defend the
comfort of a controller to me a
controller is infinitely more
comfortable than than using the keypad
or a number pad or anything that's why I
use this little thing but no there's
there's no there's never an argument
about what's more accurate or what you
can do more with ready are you ready for
something yeah tower guns I gotta go
this way right yeah but what if there's
an enemy like to my right well no
there's not well imitate it okay so so
like is it like I'm over here I'm
shooting I'm shooting a few is there an
enemy no no I can still shoot is there
an enemy
okay ready for gamepad is there an enemy
no I guess I'll go back to shooting now
as you know what that is that's called
science motherfucker and and chat
Uncharted is not a shooter I'm Charter
is a fuckin shitty Indiana Jones
knockoff which also has a lot of crappy
platforming and a lot of crappy people
talking about it being a lousy Indiana
Jones knockoff oh and you have to use a
gamepad because it's on the PlayStation
for a charter can fuck right off that's
a shooter right off right off it's
technically at times you can shoot at
things yes that's true it's as much as a
shooter
is a platformer get the fuck out of here
shut the front door how about that
rich all games with stories are bad for
no reasons evidence even though I've
only panted when the story is taking
plants over the gameplay and I've praise
games that have decent stories when they
don't ignore gameplay like the Batman
Arkham games this is something I don't
get Rachel rich and I are two different
people jack is the one that doesn't
necessarily like stories and games even
though I'm the one that will defend
fucking fire water which is nothing but
story and it might just be that you
sometimes like it depends on the
motherfucking game I guess we just got
to be on it um jack is the one who
usually doesn't like story in games but
your favorite games ft ellen doom don't
have any story rich what about X come
what about X calm and you know i think
FTL is the king of emergent storytelling
mmm every run of FTL you know obviously
like it has it has a simple framework of
get you know get get the MacGuffin to
point B right but the little stories
that you can cock to yourself as you go
you're you're running out of missiles
but you have a missile weapon and you
have to fight an enemy and you know that
you end like that is terrifying like an
enemy ship comes up and you have three
missiles ah do I do I use my lasers and
eat my way through this battle or do I
use a missile and get it over with
quickly Oh what is my crew going to do
the little bits of emergent storytelling
an FTL are more impactful than any
bullshit cutscene in uncharted so fuck
you and your bullshit
being the doom Slayer is awesome also my
love of teal I don't know that it makes
my favorite game ever
he just likes grades well it's up there
but quite fond of the Grand Theft Auto
Gabe's yeah you've talked about that san
andreas is specifically san andreas I
like the I like three the original I'm
the it's been far surpassed by there's
you know some of the later ones but the
Vice City was great at the time yeah
five out of five for was dull oh yeah
confused for and five for was the New
York one right yep
we're your friends constantly call you
on the cell phone a Red Dead Redemption
fuck yeah you need to play that oh yeah
all right no I've heard for some reason
that would be a hard one to port yeah
but it's it's it's great just all of
last generations consoles what's up for
the week then let me be surprised for a
moment
panduru says hey guys what are your
favorite podcast by the way I saw a
Collider video responding to the nerd
crew in which they referred to Mike's
Phantom Menace breakdown slash reaction
video s mhm shaking my head or as I like
to put its MA
yeah good I got nothing personal against
collide around you don't give a shit
what they doing do what I want it's fine
it's all fine any favorite podcast
there's a lot of podcast I wish I knew
which ones were good I I know I've been
listening to one that have kind of
enjoyed it was nobody lately but I've
been thinking about it pirate history
podcast that was some good stuff yeah I
wish I've tried to listen to a lot of
podcast I'm like yeah this is blah yeah
and it's hard for me to find good ones I
would say sure I consistently wish that
more of my day-to-day work didn't
involve me having to listen to people
talk so I could listen to more podcasts
like back when I had a normal job and I
wasn't editing all day I would listen to
podcasts all the time mm-hmm
you know like the WTF podcast with Marc
Maron the Nerdist podcast just like
listening to like actors and comedians
tell stories I loved it I loved it now
listen to him all the time provided
they're good storytellers Oh like
usually with Marc Maron like Marc's fun
Marc man's good alright he was I haven't
listened to him in years
well Kevin Smith had a really good Mark
Hamill interview oh I believe it that
was the fat man on Batman one of his 27
podcast but now I can't I can't listen
to podcast because I'm listening to you
and me talk all day whenever I'm working
you'll be fine your life what do you
want I did you lost like a blip well but
every flip is important I know I know it
is but it could've been a lot worse jack
coming a lot worse I mean that's true
I'm getting motion sick and I would look
at the screen looking at the screen
we've already been through this ragged
peeresses sup gents
any updates on Neal yeah oh I just I
just got beat the giant centipede on my
first try
I'm enjoying it a lot and finding it
easier than blood-borne we have a review
out before the switch yes
yeah I'm about halfway done with our neo
review there's some things I want to
talk about with that but I can't talk
about it yet because I want it to be a
surprise for you like our thoughts she
wants to be a surprise our thoughts I
want to be our surprise and so like
there's a lot of neo that I want to talk
about but you will hear a nice edited
version of that soon ish here's here's
what there's one thing I worried about
what that upcoming review yeah that
we're gonna come off sounding too
negative because we bring up a lot of
negative points but that's almost
inevitable because we're comparing it to
the games it's aping that just do it
much better and that's really what it
breaks down to but and even though in
the end I think it's up yeah yeah how
that bad no it's alright it's okay
I'm sure watching the review it's gonna
come off like like very very very
negative yeah I will say so far it is
yes there's nothing you can do about
that but at the end of the day a my
responses to it is just like yeah
pretty much I think I've even set this
on stream I think before is like my
official 30 second review of me Oh is
right and that's what it is like it's
it's fine
nothing more nothing less but like
anyone who's coming from Dark Soul or
blood-borne listen to who was that
renegade Akira yes
renegade Akira made like one of the
greatest points ever which Rick and I
made during our review which is you get
through some bosses on your first try
think about a think about that from a
blood-borne Dark Souls perspective is
that something you want I walked away
from like a play session of Nijo
thinking I feel like played blood-borne
yeah I'm actually I actually started a
new game of what one because of me oh
yeah because of me oh I'm playing his
hobo Joe and I want to hobo Joe has an
axe I made it like a scrawny man with it
with a giant beard and an axe and and he
doesn't get to wear clothes all right
and so he just walks around in his
underwear hitting things with an axe and
and it's been old blood-borne Oh
blood-borne I love you
lawston technicolor says hey guys I'm
playing a nice little game on ps4 now
called unravel it's a little puzzle
slash platformer in which you play as
little guy made of yarn trying to
retrieve an old lady's memories I'm
never even I've never even heard of it
I'm sorry I can't it's not comment
further I've seen it I've seen it around
the store I don't know anything about it
please remind jack there are other games
to play that I was ugly and dingy
looking and look Pettit it as this you
know what by the way it yes this looks
very ugly I can be with you the plan was
to play several things yes 745 uptime
hey someone someone that should ask Kat
but hack bot exclamation point uptime
how long have you screaming I don't know
if this counts the 52 minutes 29 seconds
okay well so we haven't even been into
it for an hour and and we had a little
downtime because of because of the crash
science and says Brewers have Ben
Affleck leaving his contract as Batman
are increasing yep oh also did you hear
the new director heard somebody send
someone that the chat earlier referred
if we come up they got themselves a
studio director the guy who did both
Planet of the Apes movies yeah the
planet so he's like made remakes he's
good with the studio and and he's still
directing can even like the DC fans now
get on board with the agreeing that the
DC Cinematic Universe is a trainwreck is
it now officially a trainwreck he's a
huge train wreck Matt Reeves has also
backed out of directing the Batman after
negotiations got heated there you go
is martyr brothers working secret is
working secretly working from Marvel
that was the joke last room that we
brought up where yeah where it was a
Zack Snyder was secretly working for
Kevin Feige and Zack Snyder's driving
away all of these talented directors the
center on the last streamer during the
last best of the worst we'd joke around
about that oh it all kind of blends
things ya know doesn't it oh you know
actually yeah that might have just been
us hanging out and talking I might ever
just by hanging it's not hang out and
talking during the best of the world
where we discussed that Zack Snyder was
secretly working for Kevin phages and
driving away all these directors in the
ruining all of DC and then once once the
DC cinematic universes and rubbles
it's gonna be announced that he's gonna
like direct the new infinity yeah I was
gonna be amazing it's gonna be beautiful
or like all the sudden Marvel studio is
going to like produce his passion
project you know something done right
the the long shot movie or whatever it
is you want to make then we talked about
that ad stream or was that actually us
talking something during the recent best
of the worst shoot sometimes it's hard
to tell I guess
you're giving Zack Snyder way too much
credit well yeah that's part of the joke
that's part of the joke I'm not sure if
we said that at the table or just like
at the couch it could be a thing that
wouldn't even make the episode because
it's such a a non sequitur oh right so
apparently we did not say it on streem
yeah
yeah that was just something that we
said crab macmillan terraces didn't get
a chance to say this wednesday but that
wwe2k16 stream was epic among my top
five treat that at a top-five prereq
streams dick neutral FTL frog fractions
clown stream and Wednesday was an other
classic glad you enjoyed it
own stream we haven't had a good one in
a while I think it's what that means Joe
you know what that was a lot of fun
that's why I am officially I have
officially done with Jesus Christ shut
up really yeah you wanted to play Jack
briefly mentioned playing Knights of the
Old Republic
we have today I'm like no no no why what
does anyone get out of that yeah you
know it's it's rich we can do whatever
you want
I'm glad you know I'm glad we've come
full circle with Jesus Christ shut up
already new note you don't want to do it
anymore and that's fine it was your idea
and I when the stream is over people
saying that was the best stream for
reading that hey you know which we twat
reach we tried something and I think
that's all that really matters anything
because it doesn't work doesn't mean it
ain't no good
the blue blaze says hi guys do you think
you'll try enter the gungeon again since
the latest big update this game is
reminding me of it also are you going to
try out horizon zero dawn it might
actually be good I want to play as
horizon zero dawn yes I think the
problem is marches too many thinks
coming out at once I'm saying we should
probably do Zelda oh I mean we have to
do something okay okay I think they were
built early March
I mean Zelda's the big one to do like
Zelda's the smart business decision we
need to do we need to do um it's the one
I'm legitimately more interested it in
but I am worried it won't be good like I
am worried it's gonna be a giant empty
world based on what I've seen we're
doing Zelda okay no matter what
executive decision right sure I'm making
one you know it's a good thing I'm not
arguing with you because I think I have
just as much space what you do you do
have just as much saying but usually it
boils down to whichever one of us is
most passionate about something oh yeah
so even if you didn't want to we would
be doing tell them not to I don't want
to like diminish your input but it's
it's gonna happen so the question is
when is the release date someone Jakob
I think I think next month we're getting
the the switch which would include Zelda
yeah we're getting zero dawn okay Nier
automata is that March - I think some
are that's March to hell and Mass Effect
Andromeda which don't even count on like
I said I'm gonna shred any copies that
get sent to me please don't send me a
copy just give the money to charity yes
if you get me a digital it's gonna be a
complete fucking waste cuz I can't even
destroy that on camera right we're gonna
put it on a flash drive and destroy it
right right like that would work I'm
just trying to think of the videos to
make that the series is dead today
so someone tell us when the release date
for horizon zero Donna's please Jack
somebody's saying three three sixteen I
don't know if that's zero dawn or Zelda
because I know that's what Zelda's
coming out I doubt they're both coming
out the same day they might be dumb on
zero Dawn's Park well no or else that's
Martin zero Dawn's part because if you
are if you have a PlayStation 4 hmm and
you don't have a switch you want you
want the nice thing to talk about
right you want you want the new toy to
talk about do they both come out on the
third cuz that would suck for us video
fuck I gotta explain this every time I
do like yeah you get to choose what your
favorite alright alright
that Mass Effect 3 turned the Mass
Effect universe into a dumpster and I'm
not interested in the universe anymore
so I'm not interested in the new game
that takes place in the universe I'm
just not interested it's a simple well
and you know what you'll have to get
used to an easy way to say that because
for the videos we make of you destroying
them well I will need you to recap no
I'm just just gonna quietly do it no no
no and I didn't say anything she's gonna
throw it and whatever death contraption
we am just gonna hear no I have a nice
list going of ways please give the money
to charity instead give it to kids on
cancer yep they need it why or doesn't
need it they're already dead zero dawn
is February 28th what that's some of the
chant you said oh shit that's that's
super right around the same time I don't
know that we can we could try
and how many days are there in February
we could do a double episode well no we
just filmed two and you make it two
videos sure oh shit there are only 28
days in February - so three days late
we'd have three days to play it if
that's true
can someone confirm four days apart sort
of a borscht
what if it turns out Mass Effect
Andromeda is really good unlikely plus
my character in Mass Effect is dead I'm
really not invested in some new schmuck
I don't care I don't care go away oh hey
I wanna have fun suck at talking about
crap I don't like I'm sick of it all
right
third census without getting too
specific for obvious reasons have you
guys ever lost interest in an artist
because of their political views such as
Mel Gibson Susan Sarandon etc have a
political views and oh jontron like God
what Oh guy who used to make a video
game lately so like I'm an asshole so
what is that I think the Tom Cruise is
like creepy enough that I have trouble
watching them oh yeah I have no comment
on jontron because this is all fucking
completely new to me
oh here's there's nothing wrong with
having a political opinion no there's
nothing a political opinion the question
is like like you said adults can deal
with people having different opinions
again but like you said with Tom Cruise
right like Bruges is just weird enough
where it's like yeah you don't even want
to watch him and so like if someone's
political opinion or opinion on other
things in life not even political like
what if like that NBA star who's a flat
earther like if you're a fan of that but
you just think he's a dumbass right but
wouldn't that taint you watching no you
just think he's a dumbass well right but
so like there was a member of the 2005
White Sox team who thought what was it
something crazy about dinosaurs that
like dinosaur bones were put there by
the devil it was like really some really
dumb young earth creationist stuff
uh-huh anchor he hit the preheat the
wrong game you know there's some things
there are some things that like if
someone says enough dumb stuff where
it's like I just don't want to watch you
anymore I think that's normal
I think that's normal
I get to choose I get to choose what I
watch with my time I spend it on up yeah
things I like and I choose not talking
about politics so great a lot of our
cons is did rich received the gift from
steam yeah which one no probably did
which one I don't know what it was oh so
I can't say if it was sent to the prereq
Steam account
I don't know what I haven't checked that
in los I don't know what's on there yeah
last last gift I got somebody gave me
WWE
7 2 K 17 so the newer one and they don't
have presets in the character creation
the last gift I got yeah
was somebody sent me WWE 2k 17 so that
the Carl the current Europe yeah
they ruined the creator of the character
creator you don't litter the presets
like who wants to start completely from
fucking scratch from just the base model
yeah that's how you end up with mutants
you had the smart way to do is you have
a ton of presets that look decent then
you pick one of those that's close to
what you want and then you tweak it
right right so channel the skin male of
a darker hair I'll just make that face
let's make that let's make a blonde
little rounder here on the cheekbones
you want that preset to get you part way
there yeah oh yeah yeah you don't want
to start from scratch with the base face
I like I just I wonder if coming from
their fan base that fan base was like no
one uses the presets get out of town
with the presets
the blue blaze speaking of storytelling
in games storytelling in games are there
any that have good gameplay but you find
the setting and lore behind it one of
its best aspects
Gunjan is that for me and why I play it
more than Isaac I honestly just don't
care about the Lauren gunjan at all you
know like that's that like even Isaac
but you know I I guess and just from the
way that I grew up I'm more inclined to
empathize with Isaac where I grew up in
a very religious household and and so
like that speaks to me but Gunjan yeah I
don't I don't get that I would say thief
thief was a game that would that's just
what you always say for everything
because it's a great fucking game thief
when it came out innovative gameplay
stealth and it did stealth good you know
and the the world is just kind of
beautiful and Atmospheric I'm just like
they did both things perfectly good
gameplay and a just a great world so my
answer to that is thief
just Alex 64 says in the Starship
Troopers review Mike pologize for
bringing up Star Trek yet again do
people actually give you shit for that
I thought the consensus was that fans
want you guys to talk about Star Trek
more unless they want us to talk about
Star Wars more I don't I don't know I
have no care about talking about trial
talking about Trek all day it's fun to
me I don't care I might have just been
apologizing to Jake more likely right
Simon last rep says hey guys huge DC fan
is always watching the DC Cinematic
Universe unfold is almost like watching
a friend turn into a heroin addict oh
here's the thing when your friend dies
of his heroin addiction he can't start
again from scratch saying the DC
Universe is worse you've got a leg up
they've got a leg up on the heroin
addict what this is is it's your friend
coming clean right that's when they stop
making movies but but when they reboot
it again it's relapse I love it I love
it I want all this stuff of reading
crash it's all back I was looking at his
back
gobbling up says if you're not doing any
Jesus Christ shut ups already does that
mean you do or don't want us to keep
pestering you to play games you won't
because I have a great one to suggest
yep final fantasy known right along old
handsaw says help I brought a pack of
Turkey and shitter up I brought a pack
of turkey and cheddar Lunchables
Thursday night I just found them in a
grocery bag today I did not refrigerate
would you still eat them maybe just the
crackers hashtag hungry your crackers
are fine you you might want to be
careful about the other things I think
Lunchables yeah yeah cheese is usually a
bit more shelf-stable than its given
credit for you know yeah these processed
cheese so you'll probably alright even
the meat the meat no no I wouldn't I
wouldn't risk to me I mean me it goes
bad quick meat goes bad quick oh yeah
but it's like Lunchables it's not even
meat I would I wouldn't buy the lunch
bowls in the first place right no throw
everything out you crackers are fine
everything everything goes in together
everything if it comes with a candy bar
you know that's fine
oh okay I have died riches thought long
about this I used to work at a grocery
store I had to throw out old Lunchables
yeah monks other things but I made yeah
the Box would go in the bag but you know
I might hold on to the candy bar in
there just throwing out being thrown out
anyway you know what are my thoughts
about the discovery of gravitational
waves that happened earlier in 2016 yeah
I don't remember hearing about that I
think I missed that particular discovery
gravitational waves have been a long
theory yeah but they developed a device
that showed them to be true and you know
that's usually what happens when you
discover proof of something well they
make the kind of new gravitational waves
were there but so you know like it was a
very long way in a way to actually
measure right yeah they did a bit
explaining how we could see them with
the laser and you know like because the
laser gets warped and you know like hey
here you know that you know as an
example you know here's here's a laser
and I want you to like sing at the laser
and he sang at the laser and you know
like we saw the sound whoo yes so that's
how we can see you know see sound waves
and it's kind of seven though with
gravitational waves and it's like
because they had these two very
precisely calibrated mirrors and the
mirrors would you know fluctuate with
the gravitational wave
yeah it's neat what the more truth
things we learn about the universe the
better yeah it's great I'm for it
yep yeah it's great Yann Dioner says I
apologize for being an hour late
but I was watching movies at Justin's
house you understand
yeah can you please go ahead and start
over so I won't have missed anything
thanks very considerate yeah I really
missed a nasty crash yeah that's about
it that's about it for now
so you're fine you're fine I remember I
remember both things and stuff rich
that's a thing about me
well let's update this dream real quick
with the new game we're gonna play
because we're gonna play a new game rich
you want to play a game you don't play
another game
that's fun what game is this ninja pizza
girl ok it seems like a new game but
