Killing Nazis, Sweet! (Part 2)
June 28, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s2nQGPJYTC0

they're on they're on yeah they are on
what the fuck yeah okay so now we know
where the resistance is and so grandpa
and grandma are driving me and a
girlfriend to the resistance but we just
got discovered oh so now I got to shoot
some Nazis okay someone left armor here
next and it's so funny like everyone in
these cutscenes are just like you Gus
yeah
you kill all the Nazis and I said all
right I'm down with that by the way
they're saying only
translation/subtitles around oh um oh
yeah look at that for know me oh I did I
didn't know I didn't know dish stirrer
says rich have you ever played Final
Fantasy Tactics for the PlayStation 1
BOTS was my favorite turn-based strategy
for years until XCOM got rebooted
haven't bladed it's called Final Fantasy
haven't played it rebel bases rich I
bought the SteelSeries 500 Mouse from my
computer I loved it but I had to bind
the buttons to my number pad because
most of my games didn't register him
register them did you run into this
problem I used I forgot what it was
called it was a piece of software that I
believe it asked me to download steel
steel series something I forgot what the
name was but it was software made but
the people who made the mouse and I
bound it to like like you know keys like
J and N and P and Q not Q he's on the
other side just the stuff the games
don't normally use on the right sides it
to be no conflicts sure
and I I haven't had any problem with it
yet you could try autohotkey if you're
having issues
Oh grandpa he shot himself in Nazi oh
that's where I came from there's a whole
other way into that place this is
probably way they wanted me to take but
I got in a different way
Oh grandpa he shot himself a nutsy
grandpa did yeah that's what most of our
grandpa's did they shot them some some
Nazis Jack my a my grandpa bombed
himself announced he'd find himself
announcing he was that he was a flavor
pilot my grandpa flew the Bombers the
big old bombers so grandpa bombed a
bunch of Nazis but they all had it
coming because they're Nazis dudududu
wait the grim Panda says hey guys I
grabbed banda
heard you talking about MechWarrior kind
of reminded me I wanted to shoot rich
this trailer tried to when you are
watching III but couldn't get in it says
sorry video does not exist
damnit refresh sorry video does not
exist
what was her MechWarrior news uh-oh
fucked up rich I didn't fuck up no I
fucked up oh are you bad at stuff i I
made a judgment call about who to kill
and when to kill them and it was
obviously the wrong call
so now I'm gonna try to blow my way out
of the situation and I don't think it's
going to work out for me very well at
all does not seem quite as fast or fun
as doom
huh it's not seem quite as fast or fun
as doing it came a years before a year -
yeah for a lot of people are saying this
is like the prototype so I expected more
similarities whoever said that was
incorrect
alright we're gonna give this another go
because I completely fucked up that
first time which happens you know new
secret papers no you know let's see
what's over here MechWarrior is the one
game I want to see Envy arm right and I
don't want to use those goofy you have
to trigger things should you be with
your hand does I want to grab the
controls in a mecha even if I had to buy
to like just old flight sticks at a
thrift store that weren't hooked up to
anything and just so I'd have something
tactile with the VR helmet yeah grab
onto in my mink that would be fantastic
yeah absolutely fantastic mount them to
a chair have yourself a cockpit now
you're talking
fucking fuck I fucked up again
yes I know about the steel battalion
controllers that they sold years ago was
that Xbox the original mm-hmm
did you hear about that oh yeah it was
like a that was like an $800 controller
them yeah yeah
fine kill me I don't care no I don't
care kill me do it again I'll do it
again I know what to do now
it is fucking pouring out I'm working at
a company that literally made a VR mech
game called Archangel I mean neat look
look things were you sit in a cockpit
yeah are the one thing right now that
I'd be interested in VR for that right
because there's then there's no like
immersion braking okay I don't know why
there aren't a glut of them why where
are these games because because what's
happening is people are trying to think
outside the box more and they don't want
only VR mech suit games so it when you
want a game that would make me actually
want to buy this shit in the first place
right teleport movement and motion
sickness doesn't sound like it's gonna
do it for me didn't see you peeking
around that corner nope you sure didn't
maybe we should start inside the box huh
somebody's saying maybe we should start
inside the box snap that's so right yeah
there are lean controls in this game oh
there are lean the Deaf another question
I just think there are lean controls in
this game well no I'm used to shitty
leans and games where it doesn't do much
if this has a good proper lean where
you're not that visible then then good
for this game I was just shocked to see
it yeah but I didn't need it obviously
all right one signal generator is down
so you know he like if he gets alerted
he freaks everybody out and calls in
more troops so we gotta get rid of him
and then there's another one so I guess
not very hype for VR doom not at all not
even a little bit like I think we'll get
there eventually as far as rich and I
are concerned and VR and like there'll
be enough games like maybe games we
actually want to play by the time they
get it right I'll be too old to enjoy it
I believe that so like five years yeah
yeah
mike wants to play Star Trek bridge crew
though nope nope he doesn't know you
know we've heard about him from him
about that sense
hey you you by the way rich you've seen
him all week Yeah right he said
literally nothing about it yep
and I have as soon as that tweet went
out and he was like I'll do whatever
dumb thing you want I texted him and I
said here's here's here's you know what
it is that you're agreeing to if you're
still okay with that we'll find a time
and he has not even replied to that text
message he does not care he just said a
thing possibly just troll us oh not
possibly of course just to try just to
troll all of you
nice great just to troll all of you he
has no absolutely no intention of of
coming on a stream and playing anything
especially in VR and as soon as as soon
as you all take that to heart the better
fuck I would literally pay $10 to watch
Mike rich Jay and Jack play that Star
Trek bridge game for one hour so let's
say $10 yeah minus the cost of for VR
sets so that's a 3,200 that's a net
profit of negative 31 100,000% the math
isn't looking good for us is what I will
say the math is not looking good pick up
any of this shit oh yes and the PCs to
run them because we need more pcs oh we
need for Pete well you know I guess no
no I could bring mine in we need one
more piece okay you could bring your
people yeah I could bring mine in and
we'd have to buy a fourth piece see you
guys it's not looking good it's not
gonna happen isn't just never ever gonna
happen it's never going to happen to Kay
for four psvr
Oh God if you're gonna do VR at least do
it right I've got some shitty fucking
low grade PlayStation version
hi fuck you Nazis
do to pick up all the things that
there's a bullet nice for some reason my
both my mouse and my Chuck just
disconnected I'm glad it did not happen
during a combat situation fucking guy
already nonnamous says dear Richmond
Jack yes I seem to remember you two
mentioning that you had played
dishonored one and did an episode on it
Dishonored 2 - I may be mistaken but
does that ever happen or am i miss
remembering it was dishonored - yes I
never actually got around to dishonored
one did you that was before we were
doing Reavers previously recorded
writing himself
I really like to sign it too though I I
enjoyed Dishonored 2 quite a bit but
yeah we did a whole episode on it not -
sounded one though
our cameras fucked what happened I know
hold on well try to unplug it and plug
it back in but we might just lose our
summer bigger - do we have to it's not
sized right either
pause oh yeah like whatever it just
happened it caused both my Chuck and my
mouse to freak out and apparently it
caused our camera to freak out too so
guess what we don't get a camera anymore
where'd it go where'd it go I don't I
don't boom no camera anymore yeah Wow
still all fucked up and you're still all
fucked up yep
um hold on let's try this let's try will
do this will delete it yes we'll add a
new source and we'll say yeah
video capture device no still fucked
isn't that weird though like I add a new
video capture device I say the camera
and look what it does rich it gives us
the still from before and that crazy
mm-hmm
you know guys sometimes windows be crazy
windows always be crazy
OBS be crazy ok let's try this let's
just try adding camera well you're doing
that yeah
rebel base says part two and I'll see a
perk one where's that oh you talking
about the mouse also don't listen to the
haters too late I loved every
Transformers 5 video and I genuinely got
excited when I saw Jim and Colin and
wanted a prereq video doing the same be
keep up the fun videos hey there we go
thank you
prereqs going to bed too far yeah we
didn't want to do a whole thing and we
weren't consulted about doing a whole
thing it's comedy rule of threes yeah
yeah that's when it stops being funny
and barely fro for a lot of weirdos that
was the first time was this video that
apparently cost them a half in the bag a
review and mr. blanket review none of
which that would have happened in the
first place it cost them that it cost
them that yeah hey there we go let's
take it down a notch let's go like
how's that how's that great there we are
we're already did that for mass effect
yeah it's kind of the same what the mass
effect video Andromeda oh sure sure you
know see if we can you know what as long
as we're in here was that on April 1st
yeah we did two birds with one stone
that's yes yes we did all right
oh okay there we go you guys are seeing
us now let's see if we can also fix the
white balance Anonymous's when in the
chronicle of wasted time i see
descriptions of the fairest oh I don't
know what this is but it might be
related to Twin Peaks so I'm not gonna
read it okay it's totally fair
dad's ad says yes what are your thoughts
on the report from last week that the
new head of Warner Brothers wants only
directors who don't want final cut
there's anybody surprised by this or the
sky being blue I guess I'm not not
shocked about it right I don't have any
strong feelings about it if look if
they've been giving their directors
final cuts and you know looking at the
DC Universe maybe maybe it's the right
call the Wonder Woman was good yeah was
good I did it wrong basically I just did
it wrong right
we're here we were here okay it looks
like it's working yeah we're working now
we're working now we just got rid of our
text somehow Oh for fuck's sake right
right you just keep working tired and
senses
what are your thoughts um oh wait read
that one check fox says i was recently
in the mood to watch and glorious
bastard gee first time Oh for the first
time I realized that these new
Wolfenstein games are heavily inspired
by that alt history setting anyway lol
check my Fox yeah it's not really all in
history until the very ending even
that's technically not alternate history
of inglorious basterds
Hitler didn't die in a theater shooting
slash fire right but it never showed
that he died they shoot him in the face
it shows that he died chant correct me
if I'm wrong
does Hitler not die I don't think he'd
know cuz they weren't even there for
Hitler right they were there for some
other guy
they machine-gunned his face off am I
not remembering inglorious basterds
right very possible very possible hold
I'll get the clip all right well they go
Jay is correct
I saw I saw glorious bastards in the
theater it's six fine scenes I don't
know they're especially all that
connected Engler I saw glorious bastards
in the theater and I hadn't seen it
since I'll tell you that but it's a
great movie fine movie it's essentially
an anthology you know it is you know it
is it's an anthology in disguise no it's
a it's a it's not an anthology it's just
a Quentin Tarantino movie that's how he
does it
no no he does things slow and deliberate
okay but of course I forgot that they
shot Hitler so I just you know I just
could be the most wrong ever
oh shit oh shit how the hell was it an
anthology that's dumb because every
scene plays out like its own little mini
story yeah that's just a Tarantino thing
Tarantino loves long and deliberate
scenes
I like I like calling it basically an
anthology as a joke on how Tarantino
structures his movies but I'm I'm not
attached enough of this argument to
fight tooth and nail over it great
perfect
I'm a 4:20 are says will you say oh my
god
Byron's not answering please leave a
message
we do that better know what I know what
you want oh my god
Byron's not answering please leave a
message
good good enough yeah yeah it's good
enough say you're getting it's good
enough because it's all you're getting
mr. happy granny this is here
keep it lazy keep it fun love you thank
you keep it warm
MC Lucas's I subbed for 36 months in a
row today I just want the sex reset the
record straight that I know 36 months
equals three years oh you'll know what I
mean when you get to it lol fuck my life
the grim Panda says do we have the 20
Ron yeah I didn't you turn it up the
grim pandas says Battletech also the
SteelSeries engine that's what you were
trying to think of yes it was
SteelSeries engine was the program I was
using to bind the buttons on the rival
500 Mouse oh I get I'm with you yeah I
think I misspoke the other day a couple
weeks code said I was using the rivals
700s 500 where's that box a box is right
there I bought a second one for the damn
studio this is a rival 500 500 but rival
500 I love it Mouse it's a mouse it's
the mouse I am currently using it's fine
mouse it's fine mouse I love it fine
Mouse I really enjoy the the thumb
button yeah because it's not like a
button that you have to take your thumb
off the mouse for you just kind of like
yeah yeah rotate down and that's nice D
wised World of Warcraft Warcraft Mouse
addy wised yep I for vanquish just
fucking fine lots of buttons easy to hit
buttons that I can bind different
functions there you are you dick really
disappointed rich didn't play this
already but Wolfenstein new order was so
good I just loved every minute of it
well I'm sorry I didn't get to it fast
enough for your frail frail
sensibilities it's a good game I was
never against it it's been on my list of
things I need to get to for a while now
and I'm just getting around to it so
fuck off
grimm panda says also rich if you're
interested in baldur's gate you should
check out shadowrun returns quite
possibly one of the best turn-based
games I've ever played okay next on the
docket is voltage side though apparently
somebody in the chat is very upset with
me for not having played this earlier
you just lost game video and camera oh
yeah look at that the fuck is going on
tonight what is that about does it hate
this game I have no idea how strange I
have never I mean that's this is
something new I'll tell you that
hold on kitten and the text is fucked up
look at that this is some bullshit okay
well we got game back uh hold on hold
your horses we're still streaming though
right I mean why don't we just put a
Transformers five picture up in the
camera section I'm okay with that I'm
absolutely okay with that hold on one
moment you might need to restart OBS
nope I mean maybe but not tonight
because then we have to stop to stream
and do it all over again
hold it hold your gosh-darn horses how
about that there we go perfect
Autobots Autobots they're perfect great
now we're ready roll out
duh chef Fox's hello again hello again I
seem to be addicted to these strange
microtransaction loot boxes called tips
ah rich I highly recommend dishonored to
no powers no markers surprisingly plays
like a totally new game plays like theif
I'd imagine oh yeah yeah and in a way I
have done that already
it away like did you did you hear that
in his instructions Road not safe too
many Nazis shoot the Nazis we wait here
gosh shoot the nuts
oh wait wait there Nana says outside of
work related stuff have you guys made
anything
artsy lately like drying or 3d modeling
or woodworking or some other nonsense
well we we made a a trans 5 verse 5
review three of them you know what those
are T's pretty fuckin Artie was Artie as
fuck semi work-related someone see me
semi work-related the shoot that I had
over the weekend was part of a little
documentary that I am helping work on
die Nazi that was the opposite of art no
I think you're just a Philistine did
they convey a thought or idea through a
given medium
yes they did so the documentary I'm
working on is kind of artsy you know
it's it's a duck it's you know it's it's
it's a documentary about a a white
rapper named juicebox
but you know still art
still art Dream Theater 13 tenses
favorite childhood memory not related to
movies or games i define childhood is
the period between your earliest memory
and the first time you saw boobies on
purpose women in my grandma's pooling
yes or no first time you said boobies on
purpose that's funny Trading Places
on purpose though everyone the tape
there you go so not the first time you
saw it the first time I saw but the
second time I saw haha why do you when
you chose to watch it again you became a
man Jamie Lee Curtis Lee Curtis Jamie
Lee Curtis has that effect on most
that's alright alright I'm gonna cheat a
little bit because I know what's coming
up so heads up I'm gonna cheat a little
bit Jamie Lee Curtis
she's like a grandma well not in trading
places
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo see what I'm doing right
here I'm cheating you're bringing this
gun to a spot where you're not supposed
to are you switching guns
no no so like these guns are very big
and powerful guns that you can carry
around with you and I'm thinking if I
leave them right about here they might
come in handy later okay
do to do and so now I'm gonna go back to
the car like the mission tells me to the
thing you don't know what's coming next
yep oh my god it's a giant robot oh I
fell off my car another giant a robot oh
shit Wow right here
what happened my gun
oh that's fucker shot my gun with a like
an EMP things you ruined my I had a
whole plan here robot and you ruined it
pick it up again it restarted I gotta
get the other one in order to restart
you have to mount it back on the
understand it
lol you totally needed that gun yep the
best laid plans my friends they go rye
well start over we'll do it again I shut
the glowy bits Santa gak says that tip
you stopped reading was not Twin Peaks
related it was the beginning of
Shakespeare's sonnet number 106 ah well
there you go
I am so fucking disappointed that I will
now go to sleep forever
Oh time to die I'm sorry well people
screaming so much about freaking Twin
Peaks spoilers in the chat I'm
overreacting Jake almost done Jay almost
got nailed with a freaking twin peak
spoiler oh yeah yeah some idiot tweeted
him before he had a chance to watch the
episode says was done out your favourite
Twin Peaks thing ever
yep there we go now we can do it goodbye
mr. robot nice knowing you hammer cap
says yo-yo while back a sensual book and
recently notices in the background and
Christmas or crocodile did anyone
actually read champions of the world
also a preference on jerky flavor I know
I didn't read the book um I don't know
that anyone else didn't probably not
probably not probably not I have no
preference on jerky flavor you know I'm
just I'm just a regular like I don't I
don't like that teriyaki your pepper
wrote I've just you know kind of regular
regular old jerky flavor
we got a butcher shop here in in
Wisconsin I gotta get away - gotta get
away oh fuck you fuck up my gun okay
gotta get away better get away maybe
you're putting it too close to the robot
yep
I got one robot nope I did not get that
one robot you're like I thought it did
Shh you get recharging helpfulness only
up to 20 I think basically I'm kind of
fucked so this game difficult uh not
really I'm just playing like shit right
now and I'm on medium difficulty I bet
it oh yeah
I'm just really playing like shit right
now move so slow you only move slow when
you have the big gun okay
okay like I could have run I probably
should have ran but by that time I was
already out of health yeah I probably
need to replace my gun I need to rethink
my gun placements if I'm gonna cheat
which I'm already cheating see like you
can run they can't shoot and run okay
okay so this gun we're going to move
like over here how but you put it on
things you kind of have some kind of
cover you know to run back over here
yeah put it up put it like here yeah
that's a good place where then I can
alright great and the other gun
cool addend sense hums explosion that's
the thing they said I like right here
okay some blue guy and Chet says here's
my $10 now call me an asshole no you
gave me $10 yeah it seems like a really
nice thing for you to do we appreciate
that
anyway there's a really nice butcher
shop here called Ray's butcher shop they
have amazing beef jerky yeah amazing
beef jerky
you know I got to get out of Pat they
shoot those those uh those like
disrupter things she had a vault
oh good good do wheel huh good do a
wheel I suppose at this point
okay we got one I think nope
do you have to go and do some good thing
to other no I mean I have to shoot it a
bunch come on okay
where are you dick
yeah yeah oh oh look at you
look at you you adorable little robot
you were following me behind the
building you target like arms huh
I don't know maybe shot a bullet sorry
apparently sure just doesn't need to
cool down or something I don't know it
seems like an awfully low number of
bullets
I need a stand to put it on oh good it's
busy over there no stay over there
listen the stand will give you more
bullets yeah
but you move very slow when you have
this thing you shouldn't move it so far
away from the stamp yeah but there's
better cover over there can you take it
off again little head bullets yeah yeah
but a load no it's it's loaded but he's
got to come over here anyway come on
oh he's stuck enough fuck he's got a
night so I might as well take all the
time I can
there we go there we go
we did it all right we did it everyone
Jackson the mill says been watching you
on YouTube for almost a year and because
of you two I have bought FTL
XCOM guacamelee and like 10 other games
never regretted thanks for hundreds of
hours of fun thank you yeah thank you
glad you enjoyed them those are some
great games there's my baby
hey baby let's get into the back of the
truck
you and me hey Jack beat the hardest
boss in the game yet no like so fart
like and I'm playing on medium
difficulty obviously yeah so far I have
not like that right there was the most
times that I've died on a level when
I've since I've played you know yeah
it's it's not too challenging I'm liking
the story but of course I am playing on
medium difficulty how often you die it's
how fun the game is it's alright you
know what it's fine is what it is good
good villains good characters
who did it dude I'm just another just
another jerk
you wanna the Nazis over Subin Fuhrer
the German language is delightful
my name is open cherubi farah for those
who can't read she has a test and the
test will determine if there are any
traces of impure blood running through
my veins tests and if I don't answer
correctly she will shoot me in the
goddamn fucking face because she's an
evil Nazi bitch it's great yeah I
understand
but answer truthfully
if you try to pick up the gun you'll be
dead before you have time to regret your
choice gun big-ass robot guard Nazi
bitch some dude
okay choose is a picture that excites
you the most if you know what I mean
you know I like I like the eyes nice
well well now choose the picture that
makes you feel happy I like flowers
interesting you think this man is of
impure blood Bernhardt I like that oh
Jesus no I want you to pick the card
that makes you feel disgusted you know
the Nazis like the skulls of dead right
right so that you're gone you tried to
fool the Nazis you're going with the
spider yeah oh I should have said this
is the final card so choose wisely
still choosing spike
I tell you if you had not been an Aryan
you would have gone for a gun high it
was all joke
none of the cards man you know what I
feel kind of stupid with the giant robot
right there but here's here's the fun
part about that right yeah it's a little
game I'm still in control of the camera
it's not a cutscene but it introduces a
nice villainous character I'm good it's
a cutscene but it's a fun one I'm going
to this is the kind of thing where it's
like oh I understand this I'm not I'm
not anti cutscenes all the time right I
am and I'm okay with this
okay thank you giant robot Thank You
Bernard have a good one No oh yeah milk
me you can go for the gun
hey baby hey baby
I mean I got you some coffee baby want
some coffee
I got you some coffee I'm gonna skip
this cutscene as it contains nudity and
I don't want to get ding okay so spoiler
alert we totally fuck on you
yes we're girl we're girlfriend
boyfriend now okay so Andre assists
oh there might be some booty nudity here
but that's okay event design it's okay
sexy time we're going steady no we're
not that said going steady but you know
like well you know we're
boyfriend/girlfriend but not exclusive
yet is what I'm saying meet on yeah what
happened um we rescued her she's been
taking care of us for 16 years and then
afterwards we rescued her and now we've
been spending a lot of time together and
basically I'm a big muscly man and she's
a pretty lady like it happens a little
bumping a little a little a little bit
of that it all happens
Andreea says sorry for taking up some of
your time by sending you this message to
compensate for this I've enclosed a
small sum of money with the message
like that look at that
Nazi futurism and you know like you know
me I'm really in general do not like
cutscenes yeah and there's a lot of them
in this game but in general I do enjoy
the story I'm enjoying the story so I'm
putting up with a lot of the cutscenes
I've missed something how come
transformers covers Jack and Rich
cameras just completely borked tonight
several times now for some reason we're
getting like an energy spike in the flux
capacitors and our camera Bork's out and
we lose game footage and everything
Bork's so we decided just to get rid of
the camera to unbar kaif i it
why are too talented totalitarian future
governments always so glamorous despite
everything we know about them in loading
because they're your villains and this
is fiction and your villains always get
the nice uniforms well you're looking
for reasons to hate them and like
obsessive vanity yeah is a great reason
to hate yeah and so yeah the prim and
perfect uniform and yeah the the giant
like the giant structures that are of no
use to the common man ah you just want
to burn them down it's great it's great
yes I know the Nazis were real but this
takes place in a fictional alternate
well not in alternate future but an
alternate timeline oh yeah
so it's fictional embedding and I know I
skipped all the cutscenes but the Nazis
in this game have won World War two yeah
and have like you know steam punkish
machinery and otherworldly weapons this
is probably a dumb question but I I'm
very curious what the continuity is with
this and the other Wolfenstein games
that have been made that's not a dumb
question Return to Castle Wolfenstein
was a thing like 10 years ago
one there one unlike the PlayStation or
something weird does anyone in chat know
the answer to this question
none okay this is a whole new thing
every game is canon me
it is Kenneth it's in continuity thank
you oh I suck
you know what kill me kill me I suck the
name from ten years ago had lots of
supernatural elements I think I did
certain classical things I said I think
that's a thing like that's all of them -
Wolfenstein 3d head like zombies
the experiments to make like undead
soldiers yeah look Sambi men running
around with like guns in their chest and
then Spear of Destiny which is that
games like direct sequel had well the
spear of destiny and if you don't know
what that is that's the the weapon that
they used to kill Jesus on the cross yes
and you fought a demon at the end of the
game in hell
nothing Supernatural about that
oh yeah that's right Mecca Hitler was in
Wolfenstein 3d - not quite supernatural
but certainly science fiction Mecca
Hitler he's in a Hitler in a mech suit
giant robotic Hitler with Gatling guns
this sounds amazing
why hasn't rich had a turn at this yet
this weekend I'm plenty under delving
deep into this game and I'm not gonna do
this while I'm distracted and I can't
pay attention to what's going on that
was my main reason for not playing it
tonight yeah we had this discussion yeah
I asked rich I wasn't I'm not hoarding
I'm not hoarding the Wolfenstein
what about the Apple to Castle
Wolfenstein and returned countless
people have said Return to Castle
Wolfenstein is canon all right
I haven't confirmed this myself just
reading what people said in the chat
it's all canon as far as Apple to Castle
Wolfenstein that's basically Wolfenstein
3d is basically just like a remake of
the Apple to one
I think story wise I don't think they
thought that hard about story when they
happen to live inside right anonymous s
when your camera messed up the bad
screen faded in much like the end
transition trouble shooting from afar
pay me no mind yeah I think for some
reason our scene changed as well like
you know that really we have different
scenes here in OBS and that's what our
end screen is it's just a whole
different scene answer the phone so me I
don't know maybe that has something to
do with it did you guys also buy
Wolfenstein old-blood
I did then that take place first is that
a prequel I think so but I don't know
many things actually I've seen how this
ends elsewhere like you years ago
sure
so I can safely guess when I think old
blood takes place oh okay yeah I know
and I I just bought this one cuz it was
on this was on Steam sale so I just
bought this one so probably old blood
first maybe that's a huge mistake I
don't know - you know what to me you
gotta go in order of release like if
this one came out first you do this one
and then you know because I think I
think unless we're talking about Star
Wars I'm gonna go in chronologically can
you jump on that guy ah nope nope I
can't and you can't shoot him either I
don't have a gun that's a good question
you know what I kept thinking about
during my playthrough but then I didn't
want to die it's about no you cannot
jump off of that Elijah how about them
steam stickers
what's the steam stuck during the stale
now that's what they're doing like you
get stickers I haven't you know what
this is I think this is the only game
I've bought and during the Steam sale
what is that like replaced trading cards
or in addition to or something Wow today
out of nowhere I booted up steam by the
way yep and I got a trading card booster
pack for serious metal detector so now
I'm a one card away from getting a badge
for serious metal detecting and I'm
totally gonna go buy the last card so I
can get it which I'm really excited
this is where they're keeping you so oh
right now I'm breaking into a government
building to try to find resistance
fighters I know I've been skipping a lot
of stories are you guys playing this
after watching that amazing freakin
Wolfenstein 2 trailer oh you can't see
yes yeah but I I was planning on playing
this at some point anyway this is just
the final that that trailer was the
final kick in the pants yeah yeah I'm
with you
getting on the ladder get your gas off
and they had her do I even need to
crouch or can I just walk up hmm yeah I
can just walk up Aussie Baxter says hey
rich hope you are well just listen to
the last Karen stream she's such a
sweetheart she is she really is by the
way the internet asked me to mention
vanquishes on PC and tums festival love
you buddy
thank you thank you very much
that's a neat little tool yes yes it is
do they notice the holes in the fence
probably man this is a shooter rich I
know I know I'm just just asking shit
Ozzie Baxter says hello I am Jack the
last few streams you have pronounce my
name ox Baxter I am not sure why it's us
as an Aussie ox Baxter
sounds like a Ditko era spider-man
villain yes lol and vanquish my thumbs
Jesus Christ spider-man the ox Baxter's
out not again the enforcers what the
enforcers ox what was that uh is that a
flathead not flathead a hammerhead
no the only one I remember was ox there
was the guy on the lasso texts some
probably something like that and the
other guy was just saying a mobster with
guns yeah yeah but ax was the big strong
one I remember oh shit he sees me
Montana Montana
yes so one Tanna something Dan dangerous
Dan I think is the other one that sounds
right I like it it both sounds right and
I like it fancy Dan I think that's it I
think that's in fancy Dan oxen Montana
didn't even have superpowers but those
very early days interest so like you see
this this is a lock that you can pick
but now you can't pick it but now I
can't pick it cuz I chose the other guy
interesting I can only Hotwire things so
I need to find yeah so I was able to get
in this door because I picked so it does
have actual gameplay ramifications
choosing-choosing who lives or who dies
so you don't know what those are gonna
be ahead of time which I find
interesting very interesting so now I
need to find another way in
okay what later on they read calm them
as kingpin employees the video that the
regular continuity I know they did that
in ultimate the enforcers work for the
kingpin and ultimate spider-man I'll
take it I'll take it
it Sherlock but I'll take it that might
have happened in regular continuity oh
you're coming this way he didn't see me
by the way who did you pick to live I
wasn't here for that that's a
complicated question this has two
answers oh right because I chose in in
my regular gameplay I picked the kid why
who I think is Wyatt yeah fuck you song
you know I'm fine fine just kill me in
my playthrough I picked the kid to live
in this playthrough I picked my my old
pilot friend to live just because I
wanted to see what was different
so apparently more than you would have
thought yeah yeah I was just assuming
you know one took the others place in
the cutscene button so not that
complicated not that complicated but
still more complicated than you would
have thought and then just uh yeah my
statement was accurate and as intended
anonymous says you guys watched any of
the new Neil Blomkamp short films that
have come out over the last few weeks
what their weird and interesting I have
not I could say this at the very least
this last week has been you've been a
little busy I've been a little busy here
at Arlen yeah no I have not seen him I
hear
I haven't actually I had heard anything
I think the first one has Sigourney
Weaver in it that's all I've heard so I
haven't heard anything
are they on YouTube I think they're do
something
by
do you think this new Transformers movie
will fail since summer blockbusters are
not bringing in the money that they used
to know this because this transformers
movie isn't doesn't mean that
blockbusters in general they're just it
hasn't really been anything interesting
this year for one right listen people
have transformers fatigue say take a
look at Marvel Civil War and tell me
that summer blockbusters aren't making
any money Wonder Woman is still cleaning
up at the box office
clean and right the fuck up Logan does
that count as a blockbuster how much
money did it make did it come out in the
summer we have lots of questions Wonder
Woman has no real challengers every
movie senses bit of Turkey it's cuz
there's no competent yeah there's no
competition that doesn't mean the movies
can't make money in the summer listen
the reason there's less competition yeah
is because they started to go into
Christmas season they're big
blockbusters yeah well no but like being
spread out they're not all it's not the
summer clusterfuck anymore whether it
has competition or not is moved the
question is our summer blockbusters
dying and the answer is no like the
Transformers series is dying because no
one likes them anymore
but no the summer blockbusters are still
a thing how old a Guardians do well
Ghostbusters flopped because it was
Ghostbusters it was a very bad movie
the lesson from ghostbusters is if you
make a movie nobody wants to see nobody
will go see it
so weird listen to learn I know if you
make a bad movie people won't like it it
doesn't matter how much you call them a
sexist if they don't want to go see the
movie they're not going to go see it
nope
guardians of the galaxy - is up to 846
million the death of the summer
blockbuster
okay apparently you have to be crouching
oh okay crouching apparently does have
it oh you know what just kill me I'll do
this over again
all right crouching does serve a purpose
it makes it quieter okay did you have to
flush apparently so yeah that's that's
the thing this is the fifth Transformers
movie every single one of the movie gets
a bad critical reception every single
one of them it was just a matter of time
before public interest waned I picked up
thief gold for a dollar fifty on Steam
sale any recommendations on mods alright
there's a forum you can go to TTL G calm
or dot something but now the TTL G
forums through the looking-glass good
they should have I went through the
whole animation without his head they
have a very old and still surprisingly
active the forum yeah what was the name
of the website a TTL g TT LG okay and
there's probably some sticky threads
about mods you can use and enhance the
game off the top of my head there's like
the HD mod but there's there's like
multiple different ones even TT LG still
exists it did as of like a year or so
ago and which is the last time I stopped
by there we go now I got his head in
there
Matt see dog white that dog choose to be
a Nazi Jack it was abused as a puppy
really that dog has a tragic backstory
fathers its father's nose was an
acceptable shape hi die die die die
dickhead
what is that there go okay
I got a key
I got a keep
okie-dokie yeah I came in here a
completely different way last time
because I knew how to pick locks
I'll see this guy he's gonna die cuz I'm
gonna kill him Jack hasn't still killed
enough for knives what is there some
kind of upgrade or something hmm uh
watch me now no I'm just killing I'm
just killing Nazis over here can i yes
yes I can I can throw you can throw your
knives is that retirement you don't know
I don't know why I'm just reading what I
see I'm saying stealth kill more to
unlock their organizer I got oh no I
already have three knives this game has
an upgrade system you have specific
things to get upgrades to your various
weapons okay okay this can be annoying
well it's basically you use one weapon
enough it'll upgrade it you know it's
pretty you know represent - do you do
what you think you have to do to get
that upgrade that you need all right
oh yes indeed I'm gonna kill you you're
not see you're gonna fucking die
gonna fucking bleed should have been
bleep oh I mean yes that would have been
significantly better but I was just
going off the top of my head rich and we
have we talked about how slow a gamer
Jack is location
oh no I see someone making jokes about
how slow I am going through the game I
am a slow gamer I play slowly I like
taking my time you know why I like
looking at all the stuff I like looking
at all the levels oh shit that Nazi
might have just seen me
where you going nuts a friend
yep you saw me
by Jack please check out your perks in
the menu it's essentially upgrades perks
burps what perks I got first I read the
fix
names that you can pick up
okay let's see what I got here stealth
yeah okay I already have knife-throwing
it looks like I have oh no I don't have
that yet stealth kills OH
okay so if and so if I increase the
amount oh so if I kill five people with
throwing knives I get to increase the
amount of knives I carry okay oh you
know what I didn't even know this
existed okay cool
increase damage from headshots while
aiming down a weapon sites
increase the speed with which weapons
are equipped or unequipped yeah
increase the speed which health is
regenerated not helpful increase the
handguns magazine size assaults I never
do a wield so that doesn't really matter
much I mean demolition all right all
right
you can throw back grenades yes oh I
want to do that I want someone to throw
a grenade at me now you gotta find a way
to kill two enemies one per day I think
I did that already see I did that
already and so now I can pick up
grenades and throw them back so now what
I need to do is kill ten people with
grenades okay all right there's another
guy over here I thought there was
oh well alright let's go
I'm like I said I'm five six hours into
the game myself I didn't even know perks
were a thing so oopsie doops
oh my god a damn dog not the same dog
from the trailer for them the new one
yeah I think that's a that's like a an
iconic yeah that iconic thing I've never
seen before
yep I don't think that's how iconic
works that's the that's the iconic
Wolfenstein enemy it's a thing sure I'm
going to need that
what that gave me fall damage we have a
picture of transformers 5 in the corner
because our camera was really fucked up
today and causing all sorts of problems
with the whole street so we just turned
it off yep and put that there instead
yep that'd be what happened that's
exactly what happened
rich hasn't seen it so it doesn't exist
what I think they talked about the dog
being iconic yeah not that way ok
ok I took the elevator last time so I
was like wow I wonder what happens if I
took the stairs and a turd and shot me
so that's what will happen
oh I'm gonna get you Nazis I'm gonna
kill ya it's called the bit now you know
like every game has those things like
fallout has like the armor you know
thing I guess and dogmeat the dog
transfers five scripted or off-the-cuff
I wasn't around when that was recording
I think that first video was all Jim and
Cullen's idea oh yeah I want to say that
I'm not a hundred percent sure that
Hitler did you just kill Hitler yep sure
did
I mean I'm gonna say I did
like those videos took so much time out
of her schedule that we could have been
doing other things that they they
finished it before I had a chance to
show up
fuck yeah you know like that's it's the
kind of stuff like that that makes me
okay with all these cutscenes like like
you know he's a big dumb guys like what
I've been doing killing motherfuckers
nice
you know what blaskowitz good on you
this friend has to die right huh the
friend that you saved the beginning they
have to die but at the end yeah so far
mine hasn't so what do they do for the
sequel they're not gonna have both show
up one you know you select who you know
you'd live they're gonna they have to
have it wrap and wrap this up in a nice
bow so that your choice didn't mean
anything in the first place sure they
have to ever both of them have to be
dead no matter what you chose by the end
of the game I can only maybe or maybe
like if you are if you have this one
your save file like it saves it up I'm
not gonna do that they're not gonna do
that I think they were in the trailer
both of them
which evans cynic eternal damn straights
because I'm wise wise gave me all the
things what do we got here
shucks oh look at this automatic shotgun
Mass Effect one had that choice and it
mattered oh they can't see me no they
can't see me just staring into the
camera no no they can't see you at the
moment
okay
some interesting-looking gun just like a
a giant hunk of metal it's an automatic
shotgun I'm not gonna lie it's kind of
badass all right I fuckin did yet to be
it at the same time I did you were off
this is different by the way this is all
different what's happening right now all
right
this this is a completely different
escape they were clever why who is
clever guys it's like a trashcan under
there I I was looking out for myself if
Miss World War two hero looks up for
himself yes
there's a reason I'm alive there's why
Nazis won war I'm sorry for being alive
and saving you they want you to do a
wield the machine shotgun can I can you
know you cannot for shame I mean look at
first of all look at this thing
everybody dual wielding shotgun
machineguns would be just an amazing no
you you use it as a rocket as a jetpack
you use it to get to the second floor
you can do wield all guns in this gun
which I'm assuming that means game you
can do wield all weapons maybe you need
to find another one yeah it's probably I
thought I mean I picked up a whole bunch
button oh well
I'm moving I'm moving
you need to upgrade dual-wielding oh I
can't do this I've been doing too much
stuff now I can't do the fun then
something comes up
here lets them do a wielding here do
what you're watching you might need to
find the other guy
no you just need to find them alright
yeah that's fine I'm okay with that I
just didn't find one man also I just
don't much care for doing wheeling I'll
be honest with you
you ever heard of Domino's voice here's
the thing that voice that's actually an
impression okay of a boss I had back in
the day a boss boss in the Domino story
oh yeah the Domino's pizza right sorry
you know what up for some reason I had
Domino's like game oh dad now what dick
you tell this every other stream I
didn't tell it I referenced it was a
difference
I deliberately didn't tell him because I
know I've told it a few times
I'm totally saving the old guy was that
was that his voice yeah the Scottish guy
yeah I am totally saving him oh he's a
great great he's a tree this man is a
goddamn tree goddamnit blaskowitz any
chance for Ward darks awesome there's a
chance of a lot of things so yeah nope
yes chance nope how about that doesn't
you want to say that's what I'm saying
well no it's not true nope never again
how fuck you
oh my god you're using sites it's just
it's making me sick jack
what do you mean just making me sick why
you insist upon using sites why I love
sites why don't you like sites you it'd
there's less kickback and it looks cool
yeah and you can shoot for farther away
you can shoot for farther running and
gunning looks cool it's inaccurate as
fuck in reality and you would never want
to do it rich I just always assumed son
of a bitch
filthy casual rich Evans not if you know
how to fucking aim at a first burger
already dual wheel double shot
oh I kill them already oh wait yes I'll
take all your stuff I'll take a howl
your stuff yeah this is the little
ridiculous okay do it while sliding you
can't shoot huh yeah you okay
you want big and dumb missus this is a
little overkill right here yeah did you
see that I saw that I loved it
I'm gonna enjoy playing this oh yeah
it's fun
give me all your things more things
looking
yum yum yum yum yum yum yum yummy we
used any grenades riches complete this
explosively dual-wielding at all times
exclusively dual wielding automatic
shotguns yes that's the rich Evans
experience
you know what you have no way to how did
how rich how did you know this game
wasn't awesome I just haven't gotten
around this game right been on my list
of things I want to play yes
think they'll just come around the
corner might whoa oh shit I got stuck
so I say how long I could stand there
and just barely killed the dude all
right all right now we're gonna play for
real you know I think this be a fine
time for what grenades you know in a
little hallway you know I was just I was
just saying like I haven't used grenade
very much you know why my uh the grenade
button on my mouse is different Jack I I
want you to get those 10 kills with
grenades yeah I'm one fucking grenade
down that hallway that's very possible
right now yeah very very possible here
we go here we go hey you know what I'm
gonna go assault rifle because that's
what I like yeah yeah that's my weapon
of choice actually I probably want you
leave and shoot probably but I just done
a bit of vanish nice okay look at look
at goofy dog his legs are in the air
stand behind my friend for cover I
already
another grenade
guess what them grenades are for
take all the things that's good you know
it's a fine shotgun Wow
don't get in front of that guy by the
way yeah don't do it I feel bad for
those dogs if they weren't such a little
fuckers right and even the dogs are
jerks Nazi dogs
gosh dang Nazi dogs you can do anything
you want to a Nazi any horrible
malicious vile thing and it doesn't
matter because they're not see even if
they're a Nazi dog yep
oh I'm out of grenades I was gonna throw
a grenade in that little room yeah
but I'm out that's right all right I was
over here there's a dog over here and a
Nazi there sure was goodbye all the
things
oh don't forget about this Nazi don't
get close to this Nazi shit
I got too close to the Nazi I got too
close so Nazi I didn't mean to get that
close to the Nazi let's try that again
what I did not see that coming ah great
congratulations that was proper credit
here or is that gold standard 32 with
that that that zinger fine zinger good
old-fashioned zinger
but you die
thank you what is in the what is on
their backs oh wow are they perhaps
explosive Kennedy's canisters anything's
possible they might be giving you a weak
point what
oh that what that definitely killed you
did you guys see that ricochet that
definitely killed them you fucking game
oh right nope shotgun for a dog and not
see there we go
and other not see what there we go
did he say oh nice oh you got me man
you got me and then this fuck
what I was weighing the fuck back here
guy fucking fuck I unloaded to fully to
full automatic rifles on that
motherfucker he's wearing some kind of
armor I know you see that he's wearing
some kind of fucking armor you might
want to like shoot and then duck around
the corner yeah yeah yeah yeah some
strafe strats yeah yeah yeah it super
straight strats killed dog first BAM
right in the face
oh it's better Scott Bakula
Oh oh nice in German I think it's just
oh nice
I don't know this is a translation for
oh I think it's just oh yeah it's just
an exclamation
ah maybe ah nice
come on
yeah I'm taking potshots and I'm still
dying was there an explosion did you
accidentally hit that canister on his
back you asked me as if I know okay I
was I was cowardly I was very cowardly
just you know basically shooting at him
without looking any help up here I was
being get out of my fucking way
Namah says have you guys played any of
the Saints flow games for a series of
good games that parody GTA and has some
very funny moments and especially
recommend two and four which are
completely different games I've never
really got around to playing those I
have one or two of them actually
thanks to steam and cheap games I've
heard good things about for oh wait was
this a prison break and you only get one
guy out yep really everyone else is dead
fucking run over Nazis
hey my ladyfriend
there we go all right just get a shotgun
ready just in case
so good animation yeah hey hey baby
you're not gonna let your friend up
first dick I got him out of prison this
is my girlfriend oh you're welcome for
getting you out of prison
I'm sorry that it took me so long to get
you out of prison
let's shoot she's in scheisse are two
entirely different things
sheets sheets and scheisse scheisse
scheisse a shit right I know that one
she said shoot oh okay she's and ina
scheisse is shoot the shit
we're here for some reason don't worry
it makes sense oh my god is there
suffocation in this nope
really no not that I know that's silly
yes who are you waving to me was that
supposed to be to all the people you
failed to get out of prison there Biggs
she's being sarcastic she expects you to
go bring her like an army and you come
back with one Scotsman first of all by
the way most of them died it like I
there was nothing I could do to save me
most of them died well before she's
still very disappointed so she's
sarcastically looking behind you and
waving in all of the people you failed
to save you know this is supposed to be
the resistance but you know army of one
so far he's I've been really good at
saving myself and not necessarily other
people I lost all my gun somehow oh look
at this guy
what's the story of a guy with half his
head missing isn't he great and taking
what where is he's turning around
yeah yeah he's in his room I think he's
great I want to stir it this guy yeah
max isn't it beautiful
hi max nice dent yeah yeah oh sorry I
was there what's his story um what is
his story I don't know if I've gotten
that far yet he he's uh like he was in
the war or something and he's used to be
smart and now he's that like he plays
with baby toys because of the dent in
his head so that's it that's all I know
who okay yeah next is a couple like in
here fetch quests so I'm gonna be done
oh yeah I think I'm done great I'm
looking forward to starting this this
weekend it's hot asleep it's pretty fun
it's pretty fun and you know me and
cut-scenes we don't generally get along
over you okay where are we we're about
to read names that's right we are about
to read names
yeah there do you have the other mouse
you doing over there
you already missed Friday the 13th what
somebody in the chat said I already
missed Friday the 13th oh well yes yet
what are you gonna do I did stream that
a lot we did stream that I enjoy
streaming that right but we did stream
it a lot we streamed that quite a bit so
you know we took a lot of break and we
just did the episode on it so try it try
to get the the self-standing
ham worse cam only just Kim yeah nope
with it it closed the game because that
might be part of the problem too for all
we know sure okay and then if we go to
boobs and then we go we check this out
we if we get rid of this then add a new
camera I think that's what we did like I
did last time
alright and we go here in like camphor
there oh and then we transform and we
say fit to screen hello but then we move
it under the logo there we go alright
just that easy rich just that easy zone
over here River from this is the point
in the stream in which we thank all the
people who have subscribed to us during
the stream much like Johnny sonnets
Johnny sonnet says 2 months of free
money hooray
mo Mike 1 2 3 4 turbo Dangerfield
who says rich I ate too many hot dogs
and have a stomach ache do you have any
tums I could borrow how do you borrow a
tummy what you're asking is to have
one of my tums not to borrow it because
once you use that tum
I'm not going to want it back also you
will be unable to give it back Matt any
kind of useful form less I'm like a
fucking manure salesman or something
whoo maybe chuckles 10-way Diddy 23
Lucky Strikes
hometown markup for 35 fucking months in
a row
hero young for 20 fucking months in a
row distr says Jack you must look within
yourself to save yourself from your
other self only then will your true self
reveal itself so wise so wise that's
shit from Twin Peaks
that's it must be it's probably from
twin penis everything's from Twin Creeks
you know it doesn't work don't do it it
doesn't work doesn't work we got we
always forget to get it to work
it goes on does it yeah just get it to
turn off
I don't think so bill for 36 fucking
months in a row we gotta go get it to
work all right all right we just have to
remember to do it before the stream bill
says break out the motherfucking poppers
I've been supporting this crap for three
years three years of poor decisions on
my part
hopefully this continues for another
three years Thank You Val thank you we
appreciate him
scroll down because there's thing I got
to read now I read the whole thing there
you go
Brown Adam Sandler says six months Wow
I've never committed to anyone like this
love the work lol fuck my cock
uh bottom mole abominable Scotsman Shawn
for 21 fucking months in a row says if
you use the time machine till child me
that I would not go see a movie full of
giant robots and explosions because it
was boring how naive I was to
underestimate the incompetence of
Hollywood you know I I let my kids in
the first Transformers movie fun oh no
that what I'm saying is halfway through
and my kids sat through fucking rogue
one halfway through they were done with
it they were done with transformers Cory
Farkas who says nine months baby's done
Ave deus ex white lightnin White Knight
man says I'd like to take a minute to
give a shout out to my man
Billy Mays up there in heaven partying
like it's $19.99 nice one white
lightning what is it buddy not work at
all huh it works on the on a different
scene that's the problem if we didn't
set it up for this scene and so I think
if you go to like if you go to the a if
you go to end and then it work the
confetti works on the end see xeno Trobe
for 35 fucking months in a row says I
hope we'll be seeing more of Jim and
Colin soon if you know what I mean
uh-huh
punished thunder
observe a Tron 9000 waffle tale for
twenty three fucking months in a row and
book right is that right it might be
earned burned but yeah okay earnt bah
loner arch on four thirty four fucking
months in a row
when Rajan says hazlit rich lost weight
yeah goes up and down a little bit does
that for everyone it's okay Lando's
taken thirty three fucking months in a
row says currently drinking riot juice
thanks to binging with babish
babish babish whatever cheers guys
if you guys haven't checked it out
binging with babish what is this he has
a youtube cooking show in which he
recreates food from TV and movies mmm
like you know he'll say like was it was
a good one that he did like he did a
whole special on Bob's Burgers where he
tried to recreate the burgers that Bob
makes and Bob's Burgers that's a cartoon
obviously that's a weird one well you
know like Bob Bob's Burgers he makes
favorite favorite fancy burgers yeah
yeah you know he made like the the the
bond me from from chef he made its and
it's just it's a really delightful
channel I highly recommend binging with
babish VG e 64 for 14 months in a row
for nip says have you guys played Brigid
or no nope suggest 22 digger blues is
nine months and still banging banging
mattered are green for 31 fucking months
in a row and my turds are green says for
every one person pissed off at the
Transformers five blue balls videos
there's a thousand of us who laughed our
asses off thank you I'm glad
I was yeah oh that's right he tried to
make homers famous moon waffles do you
remember that episode where like he put
like liquid smoke and stuff in the
waffle iron yeah yeah he tried to remake
those that is fun it's a fun show I say
we'd have learned to suggest a bigger
blue lah D says hey fucks
Zomba underscore says hey guys you
should check out hallow night for sure
it's really good I picked it up I picked
it up on the gog summer sale
Ezekiel jeans and I missed the one right
you missed snow lame JRR Lovecraft so I
think I know why transformers does so
well in China it's because they're
laughing at Americans acting stupid and
outrageous like silly Tom and Jerry
characters amid explosions TNA oh and
their CGI robots standing around awesome
that's that's very possible
Mario Mario 42 436 there's no string
Mario Mario 42 says prereq beer I love
it like a mess fucking mess I wanted the
digital confetti but now we get that
nice gun powdery smell in here
tits 84 I think that's tightest
safer no revelant
and regulan says I love watching to hack
frauds with shitty opinions playing
video games thanks you guys for being
the best streamers on Twitch thank you
ever uhland mr. happy life
Luke 72w for 15 months in a row who says
haven't been able to watch a stream live
in a long time happy to see you guys
still at it play cook service play cook
serve delicious okay okay go back go Egg
says hey guys happy to be back for month
- have you guys seen baby driver yet
excellent film in my opinion I don't
even think it's out yet for us I don't
know that it might have just came out
but nobody baby tomorrow cuz I don't
wanna see yeah I know maybe tomorrow I
have not seen it I might end up seeing
it at some point I'm not gonna I'm not
gonna rush out to the theater to see it
I might but I'm gonna try see him uh
where are we Magnus PU 429 fucking
months in a row go to Boy Harman Z for
18 months in a row sullen callous Dax
and mil heliosphere 1969 for 13 months
in row says 13 months of great games and
better
thank you jack and rich you're welcome
ah you're welcome em see oh I got the
one without a string this time fucking
cheap poppers did you buy MC Lucas for
third where are you 36 fucking months in
a row getting out of controllers gonna
be awful
that's great I never see Lucas says it's
been a great two and a half years as a
sub thanks for all you guys too
heart emoji thank you thank you
miss toots toots or is that toots
that's probably toots double-o miss
toots boots like boots but toots says
guys my roommate recently told me she
can tell what I'm watching rln videos
because my laugh will start to sound
like Rich Evans laughs it happens it's
infectious ho Koopa diner seven seven
seven
Lulla monster dust clown Stein Master
Kenobi double-oh-seven for 37
motherfucking months in a row and Master
Kenobi double-oh-seven says when I got
this game I got it because of a negative
review online where the negative listed
no reason have to manually pick up items
really dumb asses in this world
yeah we're things that I saw as
positives people like that are why we
have crappy first-person shooters also
37 is a prime number
that's true me that's great master
Kenobi oh god it doesn't regen health
you have to press a button to pick stuff
up oh geez
two out of ten we're birds dog boy
Rupert's dog Bowie in in the hizzy yo
the off switch for 18 months in a row
and the off switch says the guys who got
pissy with you over the three
transformer strokes video are dumber
than me and I've subscribed to you guys
for a year and a half it's true it's
true is it going do switch
darkus says another month in the bag we
get it Transformers movies franchise
needed to die in a dumpster fire sorry
for the mini rant we're just glad you
get it now if only the filmmakers and
production studios can get it we'll all
be on to something
crane hand Christ just don't watch those
movies yeah I think this accepting it's
not a big deal yeah some Meucci on some
huge neon so much yeah that makes so
much sense so much neon capital letters
are important to having made a
difference in words says have a nice
night guys or underscore you know so
what are the other thinking one or the
other but you throw it all in one thing
and I said so Marsh neon so mush so
munching munching neon I like that
better so munch and yon
oh and thunder guns gee shots
thirty three fucking months in a roses
woohoo thirty three months you say it
backwards it's thirty three shits in the
Nam
thanks for all the great streams and
entertainment sausage toes for 30
fucking months in a row
dick gentler says did I accidentally
subscribe to this channel again well the
madness stop but seriously let's talk
about trans more gophers 23 the last
shred of decency Cybertron is under
attack we'll talk about we'll talk a
little bit about transformers 5 at the
end of the stream absolutely for real
lost in Technicolor for 35 fucking
months in a row Lawson Technicolor says
thought I'd give you guys $10 a month
instead of 5 caught me in a good mood
well we appreciate that loss in
Technicolor Grand Moff Kali 432 fucking
months in a row doctor got a doctor
Gunther hunter hanker for 9
team Munson arrow says I refuse to hurt
people and I obey all the traffic laws I
didn't get in to GTA because I'm playing
it wrong that's fine if you ever tried
to play GTA while obeying traffic laws
oh my god it's so hard I mean just for
shits and giggles yeah isn't it the most
frustrating thing in the world yes yes
it is you want to kill something which
is ironic cuz you're playing GTA and
that's normally where you would be able
to do that but you're trying to obey the
law it's a horrible paradox it's great
it's great doctor Talos says punch him
Nazi puts him right in the fucking head
will do will do Josh a horrible glory /
yes for 31 fucking months in a row says
Thomas Festival tums festival tums
festival get it all out now get it all
out now deal hon lloyd beats for thirty
four fucking months a neurosis i'm hurts
mine Willy die glow key for 27 months in
a row fuckin months in a row though that
differed there were fucking months diag
Loki says I've been away but now I'm
back missed you guys hunchback jack for
25 fucking months in a row
Tom Sanders for 19 months in a row and
Tom Sanders says you fuck that dog up
jack don't let anyone tell you you're a
soulless monster hey hey Tom Sanders
that was a Nazi dog you do whatever you
want to a Nazi dog some blue guy in chat
says insert Tom's festival joke here god
beats bagels and TM to Megatron wait
they go says love with you guys and
everyone else at Harlem does keep up the
great work and thanks for the stream
we appreciate that Owen I think I heard
the noise of a tip before we did oh god
I think I heard a tip noise I hate to I
would hate to like leave it I hate to
just once you want to get the backdrop
for debt Transformers up sorry we'll
talk about some Transformers five uh no
there's not
nope okay all right so Transformers five
Jack this is this fucking movie has hit
the fucking theaters now and you want to
talk about it okay so while this is
Michael bass half fuck it no okay nope
no god dammit what happened what is this
he hit the wrong button and and you
ruined the bit I ruined the world no
you're on YouTube to be fair Windows 10
