Fail T L
October 4, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=axRU6V_zFGo

go and finally we are almost two hours
late yeah yeah tech support sure did us
a lot of good haha you can see what
we're not playing it's like I gave a
tech support mm-hmm
8 o'clock deadline yep I didn't tell
them that right and Johnson text where
he gave up two minutes that's true he
gave up that's true it's a part of the
reason why we wanted to find new
streaming software is because we
constantly had tech ROM and OBS works
most of the time but in all honesty OBS
will not even start for us at the moment
we we tried to open OBS and it crashes
on the start so the positive of X foot
even though we have to pay for it is
24-hour tech support which you know hey
technically speaking we had a technician
looking into it rich
yes
I just want there we go
that's all I wanted okay great it's the
fun
all right so technically speaking we had
we had tech support and they were they
were here with us and and nothing just a
thought
test your shit before you got here at
5:00 I got I got here a little after
5:00 and for a 6:30 stream we didn't
think it would take us two and a half
hours and do not get it working the
second I got here a little after 5:00 I
was immediately downloading drivers and
we got a hold of
yes Osbert we're live we're here we're
live and we're here as the game still
too loud jack equals to cool jack
talking talking talking talking yeah
yeah I'm talking I look quiet we should
be at the same volume theoretically rich
yeah we do not touch the settings we
don't touch these settings at all sounds
great now okay great it's just that you
guys are quieter than it then what are
we are we too quiet or what I'm seeing
we sound good it's fine now great okay
great everything's fine okay great
have I trying to have we tried different
OBS versions yes we started actually off
with with kind of there's OBS classic
and then there's OBS studios and we're
having a hard time with the older OBS
versions then we switched over to OBS
studio which has a bit of a simpler
interface and this seemed to work with
it for us with for a while and then
started crashing completely and then we
try the xsplit and for the most part
xsplit works alright
yes line you can be a crew member I'm
just wondering what kind of ship what
kind of run do we want to be what ship
with only I think I want to say last
time we do this tell ya what's the pros
and cons mantas I had the amazing
teleporter rum oh that's right that was
a good one but that that failed in the
end all right yeah we can't be the
crystal monsters you don't have the
crystal ship online I see Chad have a
favorite crystal monster I don't think I
have crystal unlocked on this little
file here
Osprey I do the Osprey all the time
there wait am I thinking of
no I sprays defend Cruiser right I do
this one a lot
what Lanice - that's different
don't usually do lantus oh that's a cool
ship I will try Atlantis see how this
goes just do it
let's do it all right promise Lynn okay
what do you think about Ruby dooby dooby
dooby oh oh B I do oh oh oh
B I do B yep all right one more one more
all right pick a random chatter star
Horrible's using a handy-dandy future
Horrible's around the Carville's boom
little difficulty I'm not used to using
this ship I think the strat is to find a
teleporter that is clearly the Strad so
you have to land us in one human all
right oh yeah then that's the clear
strap
rich could you go to the game options
and just turn the we'll see if that does
because they're still completely
just very okay that should batch it out
did I watch the google event no only
because I don't really have any Google
hardware in my life I read up about it
it looks like they have some interesting
gadgets coming out the new phone the new
Google phone they're making bait wood is
basically the Google version of an iPad
pro even even has like a little pen like
the iPad pro which looks neat you know
looks like a good tablet right computer
tablet they came they announced a very
interesting thing which is a tiny
wearable camera but you don't decide
when it takes pictures okay it decides
when it takes pictures via a software
out algorithm that sounds horrible yes
but it's interesting because because
it's it's one of those things were
saying you just it's a super tiny camera
right kind of algorithm thing what's it
like like exposure people's faces
environment and so it's just a little
camera that you wear and have no control
over we have no control over when it
takes a picture the hope is rich Google
also get this information hundred I'm a
hundred percent sure that it does
everything about this fuck this so hard
right no I I have no idea I have no idea
if they have the information but knowing
Google of course that's something make
their money
so the idea I believe from what I was
reading is that at the end of the day or
at the end of the week you look through
all your pictures and kind of like hey
that's what I did that day what army are
there gonna be thousands maybe or you
know maybe it just takes a few a day
we're talking about the google event the
tiny little google camera the google
wearable camera that takes random
pictures throughout the day yeah so it's
it's interesting I mean it's I can't I
would lose a lot of respect for anyone
who bought it
but you know what it's a different idea
right yeah it's a terrible idea it's
different I like different I like it
when people think outside the box right
I think I think it was one of those
things that came out of Google glass I
can remember those stupid Google glasses
takes pictures for you other people just
live your life now yeah oh of course I'm
simply by someone's just gonna watch
what you're doing like oh yeah they're
going to the grocery store now that's
great ooh-hoo they just bought bread
oh is that whole grain that's whole
grain that's whole grain bread yeah I
like whole grain bread and Alison and
then then the watcher rich gets a little
coupon for whole grain bread and they go
ooh this old this will help me out when
I buy whole grain bread later on
just like twitch in real life exactly
yeah
so I so I just caught up on the news of
the Google event it looked interesting
apparently the the new pixel phone is
supposed to be a powerhouse last one
apparently is having amazing camera they
up the camera so if you're if you're
into the whole Android thing the Google
phone is the one to get because it
doesn't have any bloatware of like uh
like carriers will often put them where
over android operating systems
all right the ship sucks yeah yeah
what's going on I can't hit anything I
can't do anything and they keep pelting
me with missiles nope they're gonna run
out of
let's make it work rich you can make it
work it sounds like a black mirror
episode yeah chip Bowl or chip old chip
popped lore says props to you guys for
being on tech support that long phone
calls like that stress me out
STD is really letting me down okay well
we're not gonna talk Star Trek because I
haven't seen meaning yet and you know
why I haven't seen any yet because of
humberto cabbage patches tip who says
what do you think of American vandal I
loved it I'm obsessed with it that's I
was already I needed something to watch
the evidence I needed something to watch
and I was just about ready to download
the CBS app to watch start oh yeah
through Netflix and I see this promo for
American vandal and if anyone watches
like true crime shows or if you loved
making a murderer
it's a satirical take on making a
murderer and it is beautiful it is a
hard-nosed true crime documentary but
it's done by high schoolers trying to
figure out who drew 27 dicks on 27 cars
in the teachers parking lot
and it is pitch fuckin perfect
you saw the promo I thought it looks too
dumb it plays it so seriously like nd in
the editing is good and you see all of
those tropes of the true crime
documentary like the cutting away to
dramatic B well the the you know
re-creation of the crime scene and I'm
talking about a show on Netflix called
American vandals it's it is wonderful
and I can't recommend it enough and you
know what also it's just another it's
another one of those half-hour Netflix
shows and so it makes it really bin
jabal it goes by very fast good
characters and
yes 27 dicks in a row in the teacher
pardon I'm not gonna tell you who drew
the dais I'm not gonna spoil it for you
I watched the whole first season and it
is amazing I was really excited I was
really excited to find it show that of
course I binge do the whole thing now
I'm done
there are eight episodes well there you
go so it's only it's only four hours of
your time and it is well well worth it
American have a noted and then after
American vandal I needed another show to
be you know just about ready to download
the CBS app yeah and watch Star Trek
discovery yet again you know after I
watched American vandal Netflix reminded
me of a show that I've been wanting to
watch for a while call them long yeah
and love stars Gillian Jacobs and Paul
rust and Paul Ross is actually a
comedian that I've been following since
the start of his career he used to
upload videos to Funny or Die back in
the day when when it was my job to watch
every user uploaded videos and the very
first video he uploaded I thought he was
the most brilliant comedic mind I've
ever seen this Paul rust guy okay okay
and and I just I followed him from that
day on and I think he's hilarious
well I don't know and he's not a big
name like he was in one big movie like
eight years ago he works on the new
pee-wee Herman movie I think okay okay
the the Netflix original
Star Trek discovery is not compelling
enough for me to watch only because I've
heard kind of middling things and I
don't want to have to like sign up for a
new thing and pay money for a new thing
when I already have Netflix so why would
I want a new thing yeah he wrote for
comedy bang bang he was part of Upright
Citizens for great theater incredibly
talented writer and so he has this show
called love which is basically a
relationship drama with him and Gillian
Jacobs and it's it's almost like a
relationship prequel where it's it's
just following fall prequel right
because like it just follows these two
characters and how they meet and you
know on-again off-again first dates fall
starts but it's very deep into the
characterization and everyone's kind of
a dickhead but they're all kind of
relatable and I really
so now I've been binging love even
though I've had to I've had to edit
stepping selfish Jack watch watch it for
us so we can talk about it already I
know I'm sorry I'm very sorry but I want
to watch the romantic comedies I just
want to watch wrong with that watch show
up couples are they gonna get together
are they not do I care
yeah and I've stopped watching the or
hold because I got three episodes in and
just said it's not gonna hit after three
episodes I see where it's going I don't
need any more modern-day pop-culture
references in my future
that's what it was kind of done for me
like that third episode when they
started making Beyonce references like
I'm sure Beyonce is a big enough star
world where people will still be talking
about her 100 years but it's just like
one too many you know like one too many
modern-day pop-culture references wow
that what did I think of master of none
I thought it was quite honestly
brilliant master of none is the Aziz
Ansari Netflix show and again it's well
we're fucked oh you have no medbay
cuz the last oh well they heal
themselves right yeah well no they have
a clone Bay Oh
you see I have not seen I think I saw
one episode of Bojack horseman I keep
hearing the very good things that you I
hear very very good things about it
why can you clone them at will no you
have to wait till they die
yeah well gain a little bit of health
with each jump oh really yeah
oh no I'm so I'm sorry to hear that they
removed danger 5 from Netflix that's it
that's it that was a great show
but the the joy of Netflix and once
again why I insist that we are living in
a golden age of entertainment is
creators are allowed to create very
specific personal projects like like
love like master of none these are shows
that wouldn't exist on mainstream
television because they're kind of weird
and they're not normal and I want to see
Eric Wareheim acting more thing he shows
up in master events sometimes as as Aziz
his friend and he's just a great comedic
actor
Netflix is dead to you now no because it
lost danger five there's someone there's
so many other good things on that which
one was danger five that was the type of
sci-fi wall with Nick Frost
no no danger five was the was the take
on like old Italian action movies okay
but it was like a TV show and I've not
seen any of this it's it's it's very
good it's it's it's modern-day
filmmakers but they make it look exactly
like an old Italian poorly dubbed action
spy show and it's very good when does
stranger things season to start I don't
know let me tell you rich I don't know
October 27 Thank You Chet Thank You Jett
and of October rich end of October
well I have not watched the Mystery
Science Theater 3000 return only because
kind of the same reason why I don't
watch Mystery Science Theater to begin
with I like watching movies and making
fun of them myself right so I've never
like I've always understood and got what
they did but I never much cared for
because I want to make the jokes why do
these guys make the jokes let me just
watch the bad movie and make my own joke
you know it really looks like we are
rich great we have an early fuck today
mr. shy smile I do know that stardew
valley comes out switch and as soon as
it's out I will be downloading in I'm
gonna try to save my bathroom time for
you no I have just downloaded and that
stardew valley on the switch will be my
my my go to bathroom game for a while
I'm really excited to grow my coffee
farm congratulations and I win it when I
get my coffee farm and if the switch
ever starts working for xsplit I'm gonna
show you guys my awesome coffee farm and
we'll walk you through it it's gonna be
great it's gonna be great
my fuckin scrap where we're doing that I
don't know if I don't have high hopes
for this run it doesn't know I didn't
spend all that money on I'm fixing to
show ya
twitch Evans 69 I don't believe you
everyone else seems to think our audio
sounds alright
I'm facing awful lot of against a lot of
bad weapons very really hot I'm sorry
and it's not good it's not good yeah I'm
seeing a lot of I'm seeing a lot of
audio is fine audio is good so if we're
quiet turn it up if the games I can't
imagine the game is louder than us
though audio is quiet but balanced I'll
take that I'll take quiet the balance
he's gonna get trippy for a second that
game loud audio is fairly loud but you
can hear us I need my scrap I'm sorry
but I can hear me really well I'm very
loud rich do you talk for a second oh
this is great
this is gonna sound this is gonna start
eating itself hold on by level two
shield I can't afford level two shields
because we've we've had such a shitty
early part of this run if if we felt
like it rich audio I think sounds really
good the audio sounded really good on my
phone we might if it gets like crazy
with the battle noises we might want to
turn the game audio down a little bit
but I think we're I think we're we're
sounding just alright yeah that was good
ear ception
when can we expect the Dark Knight the
animated series from you guy I think I
found the perfect episode and I'm just
getting a good rip of it at the moment I
found the perfect episode to do for a
Dark Knight the animated series but it's
I need to get a good rip of it oh wow we
are totally fucked my phone was not at
the max volume of honestly it was at
about half it was at about half a volume
and I could hear everything great
obviously everyone's speaker setup is
different and there's no possible way we
could account for everyone's speaker
situation we just have to try to
broadcast the best audio we can I heard
it sounded great to me I'm very sorry
what is dark matter animated series I'm
going to take an episode of batman the
animated series the old 90's animated
batman cartoon in which batman is what i
consider and i know what what rich
considers to be the very best Batman but
overdub I'm forgetting I'm gonna forget
his name now and I'm gonna feel really
bad Christian Bale no I'm going to avoid
what so who is the Kevin Conroy Oh
I'm going to overdub Kevin Conroy with
my impression of Christian Bale's Batman
from The Dark Knight series because I
think Christian Bale does a horrible
Batman voice he does he does you don't
just think that yes he's terrible he
sees the worst Batman right so let's go
last at all you have to go later
where's of me 20 minutes is making fun
of the Christian Bale Batman still funny
wasn't that like a decade ago yeah
hi Spinks oh yes Gina suave my Batman
oppression is is scooby-doo with
laryngitis that's how I do Batman that's
how I do Christian Bale's Batman
no that is not the famous project Hornet
we are talking about a project Hornet is
being updated it's out of our control at
the moment but it's still being worked
on I'm not gonna double up for it with
Michael Caine even though that's very
funny the the hard part is I mean do
what you got to do rich do what you got
to do that was a lost cause that was a
total lost cause I should pick the bane
episode and do a Bane oh that's a great
idea
that's very good fuck fuck fuck it's a
death try it again try again with
Alana's one more Landis starting weapons
are so all fucking week I'm just going
full on mana ship again yeah heyy my
favorite German brothers welcome you
know the what what rich and I discovered
in looking through old Batman the
Animated Series episodes
his Batman actually does very little
talking he's a man of few words
he talks when he needs the dark and
that's why he's great because that fits
in with the character efficient
efficient he fit he thinks it through
he's efficient and he's not he's not
it's not moralizing too much he's not
preaching that preacher preaches well
that's what makes him work well with
someone like you know the flash or
Superman it's like contrast yeah there
are different levels all right name I
need some names to need two names Oh
what names I'm on it yeah I'm on it
all right we're gonna throw everyone in
the randomizer and we have mr. shy smile
shy smile okay and now this is gonna be
subs only pick a random oh well we've
got on last ship I'm sorry
how about Thor takus th AR t I see us 30
cos boom
yes anyone who types anything into the
chat automatically gets added to the
name random and as a vacation pool
interesting that's interesting there's
an episode of Justice League where
Batman sings a song in order to save
Wonder Woman I like is that ripping off
the the famous Buffy episode people have
to sing what there's a if they're an
episode of Buffy the Vampire Slayer was
a musical episode it's got a magical
spell forced people to sing I you know
what I've never watched Buffy the
vampire thing this is just something
I've heard oh okay
no we have a name randomizer it's part
of leftover beefcakes watcher not only
does it save all of our subscribers for
when it's time to read our subscriber
names it also is a chat or random a
random offical random efficacious random
efficacious engine okay
rev up the random of occasion engine
I've never seen Buffy I never got into
it I hear good things I saw the movie
everyone saw the movie I think right did
you see the movie for which Buffy the
Vampire Slayer oh yeah long you know I
don't remember anything about it other
than pee-wee Herman was in it right
paging mr. Herman paging mr. Herman
christina applegate Luke Perry and
that's all I can remember but yeah I
enjoyed I enjoyed the movie but I never
got around to watching the show
boarding drone you could have you could
have started in the weapons room rich
someone is asking where to some of this
thing they just recently saw your brutal
doom stream yeah where do you go to get
brutal doom just really can't get any
more specific then Google will help you
well there you go
Buffy is like Stargate the shitty 1994
movie awesome 1997 TV series I've heard
really good things and I enjoy Joss
Whedon as a director in general and I
know that was kind of one of his
projects but I've just never got around
to it because I don't care about
vampires that much
yes that wasn't Christina Applegate and
Buffy Wow
no it wasn't was trying to remember
wasn't she Applegate though they're
saying Kristy Swanson yeah yeah who the
fuck is Kristy Swanson Buffy
well then we'll grab besides Buffy I
don't know what you want me to tell you
jacked
who is this person who is Kristy so
you're I mean you're absolutely right
what is that what else and what would I
know her from she hasn't worked in a
while Kristy Swanson
or she does not get a lot of work in
general Kristy Swanson oh oh she was in
she was in dude where's my car so she's
got that going for she was in she was in
the phantom well then I would know her
cuz I loved the Phantom she was in stuff
at the time I remember that much she was
in mannequin on the move
oh god yes that was her mannequin to
where they could equal that nobody asked
for where they couldn't get Kim control
back they got Kristy Swanson oh man I
think that's great
mannequin two on the move starring
crista swanson flak gun I'll take that
double flak it's some double flak action
I should do a phantom review I want to I
want to I don't know if anyone will talk
to me about the phantom I'll just be
honest with you I have I have been I've
made some not so subtle suggestions that
I would love to do of the phantom or the
shadow because I love those movies i
watch the shit out of those movies as a
kid and I have made some not so subtle
recommendations but I don't think anyone
will do it with me because no one else
no one else cares about schlocky 90s
superhero movies like I do and Supergirl
of course I love Supergirl yep do a
double pre superhero well that's the
thing about those movies is that was
that was well before the superhero cycle
kicked off that was still like superhero
training wheels you know just trying to
figure out how to make a superhero movie
people got lucky with Batman and then
everyone else stumbled for you know two
decades
I'm gonna take a rock man they barely
got Batman right we could do we could do
the Phantom the shadow and the dolph
lundgren punisher movie which is
something pretty special you get to see
Delta Lundgren's but what do you have
for weapons nothing
you start off the teleporter that's a
drone ship I can't board it oh shit
Dolph Lundgren's but yep the Nick Fury
movie doesn't really count because it
was a made for sci-fi movie like any
made-for-tv movie I feel doesn't count
I'd love just to get you know what I'd
actually what might be a good idea I
want just leave fleeing what well I mean
I mean I was talking about as far as
reviews are concerned yeah a Punisher
retrospective okay is we watch the Dolph
Lundgren the Thomas Jane Punisher war
zone and then the Punisher Netflix
series and do a compare and contrast of
all of them he could that might not be a
bad idea
it's XJ about that here I just have no
oxygen there there we go and you know
what I've actually never seen Punisher
war zone I've heard it's the best
Punisher I've heard it's like the
awesome Punisher yeah I have it either
and I've heard that about it yeah and I
you know no particular reason I just
never got around to it what Netflix
series the they're starting a Punisher
Netflix series and The Punisher was part
of daredevil season 2 and he's getting
his own series which comes out soon I
think I think
Punisher not war zone the Thomas Jane
Punisher is a little tough to watch yeah
that was part of the awkward years I
kind of jump why can't I jump in Toronto
oh my god oh wait but you beat the ship
yeah this is fucking flares it doesn't
automatically jump no because of the
flares yep oh Jesus this is I'm not
having a good FTL de Jack I'm sorry
about that we're not having a good day
at all
tech support oh we're not tech support
killed us gosh darn killed us
if you watch war zone also check out how
did this get made episode featuring
Patton Oswalt and war zone director Lexi
Alexander oh okay cool I'm just excited
I've always heard good things about it I
mean I should just watch it that's one
of those I should just watch cuz I bet
it's fun listen John tried his best and
here's here's what I'm gonna say about
John and his excuse me his exploit
tech-support we were almost two hours
late because we were doing tech support
with xsplit and we couldn't figure out
how to get the elgato stream game Game
Capture HD we couldn't figure out how to
get xsplit to recognize it even though
it should have worked there was a lot of
uninstalling there was a lot of
redownload in reinstalling restarting
computers all that jazz at the end of
the almost two hours it didn't work
still and we were you know it almost
seems like we gained nothing and lost
everything right but here's what I will
say here's the positive outlook of that
terrible situation is hopefully we sent
them all of our crash information and we
sent them a whole bunch of like
technical specs that they are gonna
forward on to their software engineers
to try to figure out what happened so
hopefully our pain will save future
streamers some strife maybe maybe right
that's that's all I can hope is that our
suffering and pain will save future
generations
645 I don't know what that means what's
gone Oh about our capture card what
about it I don't know something about it
being direct something
why use xsplit because OBS was crashing
on us constantly and so far beyond this
whole elgato capture card thing yeah
yeah xsplit worked pretty perfectly for
us besides you know like if we ever want
to stream anything that's not a PC game
then we're gonna have a problem problem
was you
why am I getting so many groom ships I
take out take out my Manas cruiser and
drum ship from Jim Brown Jim Crow Jim
Grobe Jim the you got a drone ship
here's a drum ship drum ship drone ship
that's the day that's the the the the
random number generator the the god of
dice run G yeah our God run G is upset
with you and you must make a sacrifice
to run G all right basically anything
that doesn't have direct show has to
have special support programmed into the
capture software stuff that is direct
show just works in Windows capture
software 645 give me an example of a
capture card that does have direct show
let me see here 6:45 I'm gonna pop you
open here so I can follow your chat
specifically
after the mist and the expanse I'm a
die-hard times Jane fan that says the
farce awakens he's really good in those
I'll give you that I will give you that
he's really good in the expanse
oh my god
okay where are we oh shit I let it get
away from you know what model Elgato the
we have the Game Capture HD it's not the
newest one the newest one is like the
Game Capture 60 something we just have
the regular HD one sorry shit your shit
worship we got shit so it's quite
possible if we got the newer version it
would work with this and this is the
older version but this version should
work with it so and you know I use this
this is what I used to capture gameplay
footage at home and with the elgato
software it always works flawlessly
flawlessly right I don't know what to
tell you Jan I don't know you know
there's nothing I can tell ya there's
nothing that can help it's all it's all
horrible right yes
now thank you for the recommendation 645
I'll look into those and I will say yeah
the new the other positives about
upgrading our cap are even our al gato
capture card is right now ours is using
the USB 2 interface and the new elgato
capture cards use the USB 3 interface
and it has a significantly shorter lag
time so I'm thinking about it it's
basically I'm saying I'm thinking about
it
okay I'm behind on your tips where are
we rebel bases hey guys I know you have
many games to play but I'd like to throw
this on the pile Call of Duty infinite
warfare it's actually a lot of fun and
plays like a Neill Blomkamp directed
Battlestar Galactica that was the one of
where they were in space right and I
think that was the one that both rich
and I said this kind of looks like fun
and then it got shit on by all the fans
right track me at all and then
immediately they said oh fuck it we're
going back to World War Two yeah we're
going back reset
but we probably probably any Call of
Duty game we probably won't get around
to probably yonder yonder says I just
wanted to wish you a happy three-year
anniversary
oh my corn on this day three years ago
rich you chose Theodore Rex for your
best of the worst okay okay and I do not
regret that decision and you you chose
it as your best the one I did chosen as
the worst of the worst scores but I
think matheno rex taming the t-rex karna
sir taming the t-rex was a closed set
it's been three years apparently that's
what they're saying we've been doing
this for a while Wow we've been doing
this for a goddamn we'll keep getting
older does exist it doesn't stop I think
many people would consider that a
positive because you know when it stops
you got a problem
I stand by my choice of Theodore Rex I
think we got the most comedy out of that
I had the mote I was more engaged
watching that absolute clusterfuck of a
movie even though taming the t-rex was
it was a close second
let's see here Brown Adam Sandler since
I was walking around college when
someone hands me a folded up thing with
a weird shape I open it and it's a penis
with watch American vandal on Netflix
written on good for you
not bad marketing Netflix that's I think
I've brought this up before satire
versus what I like to call new satire I
feel like there are two shades of satire
one that just Lampoon's the original
material and one that simultaneously
makes fun of the original material but
also pays respect to it the classic
example is Spaceballs versus shaun of
the dead yeah
Spaceballs makes fun of Star Wars yeah
but it's not a good sci-fi movie on its
own right Shaun of the Dead makes fun of
zombie movies but is a good zombie movie
right correct so those are my two
different shades of satire and American
vandal is this new satire we're just
just from the premise alone trying to
trying to solve the case of who
spray-painted dicks on the teachers cars
just on the premise alone makes fun of
the genre but pays such a deep respect
to the true mystery documentary
parody versus a sorry yeah I always get
those confused I know they're there
they're slightly different but for me oh
nothing for me I feel I feel gypped I'm
very very sorry rich everyone check your
jack is raw I get parody and satire
mixed up I know they have slightly
different definitions what is the
different definition I have no idea but
they're making their I because I called
it satire
there they're saying I got it wrong name
to chant news all right here's I'm gonna
pick everyone jsg underscore three and
one more sinnerman sy and an ER ma n all
right great all right here we go
Greg continuing a grand adventure tour
of the stars
mind control to mods it's rigged it's
random that's all I can say is it's
random it's a random mind control a lot
of that's a big investment right now
maybe later
mind control yeah I wanted yeah
not for not for half of my scrap I need
I need to find some kind of backup
weapon sure
ions would be great I need the disabled
med base the disabled med bay button I
need a button hacking might fit the bill
yeah yeah hacking would be nice I should
right now I need to get to the exit time
okay right here for this rich dump dump
dump dump dump y'all ready for this nice
dance that that that that that that
Danton answer that that that that be
parody a form of satire that imitates
the characteristic style of a particular
writer musician artist speaker or genre
using deliberate exaggeration for
comedic effect satire the use of humor
ridicule irony or exaggeration to make
fun of or expose the or and criticize a
person's vices or lack of intelligence
okay so instead of instead of satire
versus new satire really what I'm what
what I mean it or what I want to say is
parody versus new parody but parody is
in itself a form of satire so it's one
of those every rectangle is a square and
what is it what's the there's a square
right thing I think basically once more
critical than the other I believe so
okay okay great do I want I think it's
the ng mid baat dispersal 440 scrap
healing yeah I really need it okay
Healing is nice it's nice or I could
just run them into a med bay sure I'm
playing with mantises I'm not super
worried about what if you give them to
what happens if you give them 25 scrap
nothing I don't recall okay I honestly
don't recall shit
yeah I know if the met if the medibot
dispersal worked when you were boarding
that would be an easy fucking call oh
yeah
med bonds are wasted if you go clone Bay
I have no plans to go clone babe I never
go clone Bay and I hate the clone Bay
thank you I hate it
I've got lots of scrap really yeah you'd
be surprised how fast scrap can vanish
I'll just upgrade this upgrade this now
I want to buy a gun oh I don't have
enough right yep yep yep
cuz you know once you upgrade something
then you also need to add some power
bars and it all gets fucked absolutely
fiery dog poop says greetings from
Malaysia just wanted to say I love
everything that rlm and prereq does
quick question how drunk
does the rlm crew get when filming a
best of the worst episode
and where's which episode was the
drunkest it really does vary
I don't like there's been a few cases
where a couple of us I'm not gonna name
names have been possibly too drunk
usually at least one person is not that
drunk you know so they can turn off the
cameras and make sure you know the
cameras are in focus because it's all
you know we're also working yep
you want Halloween that's one of the big
ones that and that was not my fault
I take no root I mean I've obviously
like I drank it all but I asked me on
Halloween last Halloween I asked because
Josh was here and so I asked Mike and
Jay whether or not I was going to be on
the panel right and they said no and I
said great they're not you know I'll
make my quips on the couches and I'll
just get drunk and that'll be that'll be
my night and it'll be great and then
they blindsided me and said oh actually
you're on the panel
ding to the nerf defense drones oh yeah
that's right you weren't gonna be on the
panel originally everybody that I
specifically asked them because like
because I brought all of this really
nice beer and I was I was gonna hold off
on right right gonna be on the panel and
they say oh no yeah you won't be on the
panel you and I said no that's perfect
I'll watch the movies I make jokes I'll
drink it'll be great
that's it that'll be my Saturday it'll
be great so and then you have at the
very last minute
the Pope pushed me on the panel
so
do I like strawberry one I don't know if
I've ever had strawberry wine but that
that day Tommy slow on last Halloween I
was drinking Oh
Sixpoint resin which is a double IPA
it's these thin green cans and it's like
drinking gasoline it's something like
nine point seven percent alcohol per
beer and they're very high alcohol
content so it's beer I that I love and I
was having many of them so
yeah you know drinking a little bit it's
what I was doing
it's a double IPA and they actually have
six point has a triple IPA which is
something like 10.5% alcohol and oh nice
Oh father that's the kind of beers that
I like I like the really high alcohol
beers because then I don't have to drink
as many of them and in my in my stupid
reasoning it's calorie conscious because
then I can just have one beer and it's
like I drank three but the problem is
then I drink three of those beers and
then it's like a drink 9 it's
exponential oh Jesus
Oh were you hanging back where did they
get you
no I just missed I'm Thanks
bitch you can do it rich I believe in
you I believe in you
I don't know J fresh has a question for
you rich I'm in the middle of enterprise
overall I think the show is okay not
great what are your thoughts I've seen
four episodes and I got bored and I
stopped watching underpriced before you
got four up they have four episodes in
minutes like I has stupid
that's more than I got it yeah yeah you
know how many I got in the pilot none
yeah they just look dumb mmm vacuum on
you can't trust Scott Bakula oh my god
like quantum leap I like quantum leap
but I'm not gonna trust him to be a
captain alright that was far more
devastating that it should have been far
more devastating that it should have
been
these these runs with the what this
Manta ship they always start so glorious
what he do
yeah they do and then they always they
end like this I don't get it
I miss time I just just that one delay
that one encounter I got my health is
fucked up god she's one bad encounter
Jesus rich and I couldn't I couldn't
flee because I got shot directly in the
piloting centre home yeah see here mochi
b85 to say Wreckers Jack I'm catching up
on the expanse season 2 this show is so
great
fuck yeah it is best sci-fi on TV right
now absolutely better than a sci-fi
channel show ought to be it's really
true it's it's very very good if rich is
let down by STD the expanse would be a
great antidote I need to check that out
you do you doing I'm trying not to you
know cuz it's a cable thing I don't
actually don't know if the first season
is on Netflix or anything yet but
fantastic show fantastic sci-fi show you
can tell like they dumped sci-fi at the
sci-fi channel put a lot of their eggs
in that basket because it has a bigger
budget than it should good bye
oh god I just need to get out of here as
quickly as I possibly can we're fucked
yeah yeah we're fucked
geeze charging Shoji oh there goes dad
goes I'm done I'm so sorry I'm done what
do you want play jak I'm done you're
done done that's fair rich that's
absolutely fair
it's my Wang they for me I believe you I
believe you and I'm sorry for that
while we were doing tech support while
we were doing tech support rich you
should know that Lisa was texting me
wondering about biscuits bowel movements
she said she we recently cleaned out his
litter box you know like fully like you
know take all the little out of it wash
it down and she went down to scoop and
and she said there wasn't it there was
nothing in there she has did you do you
scoop his litter box today I said no she
goes there's nothing in there we didn't
we clean that out like a couple days ago
yeah you know like thinking there's
something wrong with them and I was like
I I don't know when it could have been
yesterday I forget when we cleaned it
out and she's like ah I'm just worried I
don't want to be backed up or anything
and he's never had any health problems
and so but here's uh you should know
yeah yeah she just texted me
biscuit just pooped and peed so now you
guys know cuz I it's because I know and
that's in my head now now you guys know
okay you're welcome did you want to try
that twin-stick shooter one you're like
that I don't you don't here's the thing
I have looked into ruiner yeah because
I'm you know the same well it's devolver
digital they do a ton I
if they did hotline Miami or if they
just distributed it but it just doesn't
look that interesting to me alright
alright I totally thought that was up
your alley yeah it looks like one of
those things that might be up my alley
but it's just it looks simple enough
give it a shot everyone wants in is that
what they're saying that's seen a lot of
ruiner your order please yeah you know
what give it a shot sure if you hate it
yeah we do something else
no if I hate it then we can just talk
about how much I hate it do ruin air
there it is yeah fuck it we'll do it
gentle login is you can't you love it
who could call yeah you know I'm good go
change users also from doing what how's
everyone doing hey everybody hey how's
everybody doing tonight everybody having
a good time that's great ok so where did
we leave off here the expanse the
expanse Richard did it say Richard watch
the experience catching up on the
expanse season 2 show so great yeah yep
hold on my steam code I can't tell
anyone no I know hyper starties says
Jack Jack The Punisher game is a pretty
great shooter that is also voiced by
Thomas Jiang
anything we did the voice for that
there's a Punisher game yeah did it come
out while ago early 2000s mid 2000s from
mid you know to omit oughts
was it on Steam it is on Steam wait is
this no no that's Thomas Shane oh this
is just a movie oh the movie
The Punisher game is not an ad on Steam
but the Punisher movie is on Steam
that's very generous yeah I know it's
got a torture and interrogation /
torture mechanic really yeah hmmm what
did that come out for everything all the
consoles at the time sure sure were
there ever a PC release for that there's
a Punisher Nintendo game from the 80s
you guys need to find oh that's awesome
there's a like what do what do you call
those shooting gallery type of game
screen Scrolls and you shoot at shed Oh
like with the light gun I don't know if
you can hook the light gun up to it but
there's like a little cursor you can
control with the d-pad oh how cute and I
absolutely love that game music that
goes with the dudududududududududududu
well shooter Thank You Chad Oh get like
Hogan it is there's kind of a Punisher
in the bottom of the screen and you can
kind of move the dodge shit no it's
great that's always I'm great it's the
talking about that Punisher get the
other Punisher game the 3d one yeah it's
the best adaptation of the Garth Ennis
run off Punisher comics mmm you
mentioned Garth eNOS but not Steve
Dillon who the the art style it's quite
clearly based in his art style I am I am
disappointed Wow
what you guys disappointed rich you need
to think about that you need to sit down
and think about that now I think I
already died or something but Steve
Steve Dillon highly underappreciated I'm
gonna look up this I'm gonna see what
this game Killa what the Punisher game
came out for 360 Playstation 3 that late
1993 video game no that's not that's not
it that's not it
oh no of course that's a beat him up
that's a beat him up right there how
about 2005 video game midot sounds like
yet Oh came out for PlayStation 2 Xbox
and windows so that's PlayStation 2 era
it's probably before steam was a big
thing I'm sure No well fuck I gotta pee
gotta pee s2 at home I got a ps2 we can
get ourselves a Punisher gameplay a
little Punisher we can add that to our
Punisher review someone to play that
with a mouse though you can't I got I
get to track down a PC copy I can be
done sure it could be done well you know
what we'll google it it had somebody
just certain Amazon release oh actually
hold on we can do this while we wait oh
great
while we wait for ruiner to download I'm
going to I'm going to send a xsplit DMP
pile DMP file you do whatever you to
tech support all right
Huff Hardin says hey guys ah harder
excluding the Batman animated animated
series yeah which superhero cartoon
would be a distant second for you I grew
up loving x-men knowing it had flaws
theme song
gets me hyped for anything yeah the
superhero cartoon spectacular spider-man
totally spectacular spider-man there's
there's never been a more accurate
version of spider-man in a cartoon than
spectacular
the soap opera nature of it the ups and
down ups and downs Peters live they
handled the villains all very well I
like the way they did story arcs
spectacular spider-man hands fucking
down yeah I never got to see that one
but I like you know for me I had that
wonderful few years where it was
animated x-men animated spider-man and
the tick mm-hmm Saturday morning that
was a glorious Saturday morning like I
want to say before that eek the cat was
on I love the tick but 90s spider-man
didn't do it for me I can't give you any
specific reason just did not do it for
me oh I liked it I liked it I thought it
was you know it was obviously like it
was cheap but you know for the time it
was like hey this is something and that
um the voice after Christopher Daniel
Barnes is the name of another voice
actor who did Peter Parker just great
great Peter Parker yeah that Fox
Saturday morning was so great and x-men
oh that x-men cartoon was awesome I mean
it wasn't but it was you know I'm sure
I'm sure it didn't help of the 90s
cartoon came out in the 90s during the
Clone Saga and for a while there
anything spider-man related just made me
want to throw up
sure and that didn't help the and they
touched on the Clone Saga a little bit
in the later season Oh then but then the
show definitely sucks no touch just
touched on that it definitely sucks just
a little bit not a whole lot you know a
lot of it suck you know what ultimate
spiderman started to suck like the
turning point when they when they did
their version of the Clone Saga it has
never worked out well for them and they
they keep going there I'm so sorry
fuck the clones I got honestly whoever's
idea that was was it wasn't the original
thing is because because Peter was
getting married they wanted to like keep
like the single spider-man yeah so
they're like yeah so their workaround
for that was okay Peter can still be
married but now this new character who
was actually the real Parker the whole
time and you know if you if you were
like me and Peter Parker you grew up
with was the post clone the original
clone thing Peter Parker yeah the prick
Peter Parker who was now the clone yeah
that was such a slap directly to my
fucking face yeah and how did they not
see that coming how did they not see
that they betrayed all of their friends
fans because DC made a lot of money with
with their big continuity shakeups that
were done much smarter in the death of
Superman and the whole nightfall thing
with breaking the Batman's back sure but
they they knew where they knew what they
were doing with those they had outs they
had a storyline that an end planned and
Superman was always gonna come back
after he died and Bruce Wayne was always
gonna be Batman again after that
storyline right not so with the the
Clone Saga that's a huge fucking mess
it's a nice series of articles I don't
even know if there's you you can still
find them easily on the internet anymore
but it was a nice behind-the-scenes kind
of look at the Clone Saga called the
life of Riley really yes
Ben Riley the you know the the the
spider clones yeah the life of Riley
just about everything that happened like
they went in with a more focused plan
and they always did want to get rid of
Peter Parker because you know there were
idiots and didn't realize the fans were
attached to the one who was the clone
but their original plans were a lot more
sensible than what what ended up
spiraling out of control started seeing
dollar signs sure sure no well you know
the here's here's the bad part about
playing ruiner
it's gonna take a while to download it's
a bigger game and then we thought wait
how big an download like we got like a
half an hour half an hour yeah alright
let me do this next room yeah okay ah no
problem
I'm on it lucky
oh nice belong to you like spunky you
know it's been a long time since I
played spelunky and I like spelunky hey
and spelunky more ardently installed is
installed let's uh let's find me a
controller