Flinthook Line and Sinker! (part 1)
April 19, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PJc35Gk5Yfg

mm oh my god yep
what is this game I don't really know
shit that this is Flint hook rich okay
um someone suggested it to me or else
our I saw something it looks it looked
like a very Jack game look at you you
Pillai is like a space pirate and you
have a grappling hook there's a ghost in
a bottle that got stolen apparently
maybe I'm a space ghost coast to coast
space ghost did you ever listen to the
Space Ghost album no I'm wrong all the
rack songs yeah but oh don't touch me
Jeff I love that what person that one
person in the chimp yeah what exactly is
wrong with pixel art games
nothing nothing wrong that you have to
be sarcastic about us play little boots
allure do I
they Moe Bob what they might be
referring to I I jokingly when I tweeted
out at the time what we were going to
start I jokingly mentioned we were
either going to play a pixel art
platformer hookup or or I said it if
Jack wins we're gonna play a pixel art
platformer and if rich were it wins I
don't know probably XCOM which was just
a joke yeah yes it was a good-hearted
joke some people act like there's
something wrong with pixel art game
there's nothing wrong with pixate they
would have went fucking insane in the
NES era right but that's all we had
literally they would have went fucking
insane that's all we had that's all we
have in the NES era now we have so many
more options but everyone chooses to do
pics on you know what pixel art is
beautiful it can be beautiful good gimme
it can also be very ugly this room
again I can understand if you're an
indie dev why you would gravitate
towards it well and you know because it
might be difficult to do other types of
art that's true and also a lot of people
who make games now are those who grew up
in the SNES era true and so you know I'm
sure there is some nostalgia involved
should you be able to hear us you should
you you really should be awareness I see
a lot of people talking about pixel art
so oh it could just be because we're
applying a pixel art game yeah like a
little crackling
pixel-art ages better pixel art is aged
better than early 3d I'll say that yeah
get some ugly-looking games on the
playstation don't even get me started on
the fucking n64 right oh great this is
gonna be awesome she get a grappling
hook huh
you gonna grappling like yeah and so and
that's how you kind of you know
platformer is with the grappling hook
are you aiming yeah you see that like
everyone say supposed to do this with
the mouse huh so you're supposed to do
this with a mouse
now look you're look at you get you can
it seems to be pretty generous okay with
with where you can go if if the puzzles
become more completely and 64 is
beautiful you shut your mouth no no as
someone who even likes a lot of n64
games like come on we it wasn't that
great look wise the n64 as a console in
general was fantastic because no it
could stand up to a fucking hurricane
and still play your games there were
ugly horrible games for the most part
and it breaks you can count the number
of good Nintendo 64 games on one hand
starfox 64
surprise Mario 64 yep okarin uptime yep
I can always give me a moment I can
think more a Mario Party
my partner gah fuck you Mario Party was
great mario kart mario kart was great
mash Brothers was great Mario Party is a
great game just because you didn't hang
out with people ever liked it so that
was a great party game a great party
game rich a lot of fun look if you
haven't caught on by now I have no
interest in saying o karna of time right
mostly because it agitates you snotty
Ocarina of Time fans that game really
needs some some of the piss taken out of
it it really does it's like it's like
the 5th best Zelda game at this point
let alone best game of all time I mean
maybe
look at hat oh that's fun
that is super fun to get around it whoo
rogue Scot squadron yeah
you realize TIE fighter came out a
number of years before that game and was
better in every conceivable way yeah but
those of us who didn't have computers I
could play a role that's not my damn
fault um I'm just legitimately trying to
think of other other just even games
besides the Nintendo staples
oh wait wasn't not didn't Paper Mario
come out in 64 I might have think the
first Paper Mario dude and that was a
pretty fucking great game look line up
no matter how you slice it the lineup
for the Nintendo 64 is not legendary
agree to disagree agree to disagree my
friend
talk about how much I love the new Star
Wars trailer as alright this star
Westeros alright and God ain't got
nothing on that Thor trailer fuck ya at
Ragnarok trailer filled me with hi II
III didn't even see the second one and
I'm excited about Thor Ragnarok right
yeah like I almost want to re-watch Thor
and that's those are boring movies we
look at okay can i brag right now I'm
gonna take this time to brag rich I
might not only can you I want you to
brag for completely calling Luke's
motivation a year and a half ago I
thought you showed me that what video is
that on this I can check that out yes
I'd forget the name of the video was was
one where me and Mike were predicting
the force awakens Richard my predicts
the fort force awakens okay oh so this
was even talking about star wars episode
this is yet the seven predictions for
seven right right and you know look guys
last Jedi's I said he's the last Jedi
said the last Jedi the war words that
directly came out of my mouth and you
know he he's a negative interesting this
whole Jedi thing he's gonna want he's
gonna want to fade away
my powers were an overdrive rich didn't
you also predict the planet planet hoax
storyline well hell that's a prediction
you said it would be cool I said it'd be
cool if they did it I mean not like I I
came up with it out of like nothing like
their to do story where the Hulk's like
a gladiator in space right it's not like
I made that up that was it was a comic
book they did it in the comics I just
said that would be a fun story to do
that's how that's how you make a fun
Hulk movie right and I predicted it as a
whole movie not a Thor movie but
interesting enough they're going that
direction right you you you you just
remember that as a fun story and happen
to mention that and they happen to be
doing it unlike calling that Luke would
be the last Jedi or at least want to be
the last Jedi rich predict the Powerball
numbers please right now what do they go
up to lets powerball go up to chat tell
me what Powerball goes up to and 7 them
it's like six and then the final one or
is it five and then the Powerball
I don't play Powerball I have no idea
I'm totally willing to do this but I
need an accurate facts to start with 42
mm that's a hitchhikers reference that
can't be right it might be I don't know
much about Powerball I know it's
probably not 69 right
at six numbers did you see this
all right I'm not getting an accurate
final tally on what it goes up to so
okay let's let's say let's say it's 60
I'll say the highest is six I don't
really know what they go up to you can't
do this without the full information
right lobule segments actually 69 so
I'll go with 69 48 12 7 9 49 17 that's 6
okay there you go
all right oh yeah anonymous says I
somehow ended up game mastering a
role-playing game about superheroes
despite not really being into comic
books any street level or at least not
crazy space stuff comic books you can
recommend like any ever talk in any era
just got back in the comic book well
there I don't know if they're just it
could be they're just looking for
reference material there there being a
dungeon master for a superhero
role-playing game they want to know if
we can recommend anything oh and the
question is is being a game master
caused you to be interested in comic
books you just want to know what is out
now that you want to read are you just
looking for older classic examples for
reference for your game I just feel
might assume older classic rat
references for for references
I've always loved me some eighty Spider
Man that's fine
so Roger Stern's run as writer on
amazing spider-man you got for street
level Frank Miller's daredevil
what about Batman it was a good Batman
run
I didn't read much Batman I'm sorry
I did not read much Batman I could
recommend like The Dark Knight Returns
that goes above and beyond a street
level near the end Dark Knight just gets
crazy some another chance recommending
Watchmen you know what it's good I think
we've had this conversation before where
you need you need a background in
superhero stuff before you can watch the
water before you can read the watch if
you're referencing being you know just
for being the DM of a superhero game
that the Watchmen might be a bit too
deconstructionist you know right
the Watchmen is too busy trying to
subvert your knowledge of superheroes
that's exactly what the problem is
Garth anuses run on the Punisher that
was some fun stuff yes
hey guys we're gonna basic here faces
what's wrong with with wrongs from this
room the Punisher how's that not basic
oh you know what oh I'm thinking more
what did you have creature more oh yeah
that's what I was thinking was like yeah
it's kind of basic but not really
superhero me well there's two wildly
different tones when it comes to Garth
eNOS and the Punisher okay when he first
started doing the Punisher it was dark
comedy it was very whimsical those
humorous oh yeah and then the second
half of his run he started going
Punisher max it was stuff like boring
orders very dark and serious
so same same writer but two wildly
different feels interest yeah that's
very interesting but like like his
earlier stuff on the punish like if it
like the Punisher no zoo and he he
killed somebody with a polar bear oh I
think you just punched the polar bear
and had it attack someone else something
like that sure sure oh that's great
that's really funny I think you're
getting a backwards rich and what way
Garth eNOS is dark humor stuff was the
stuff he did with Steve Dylan that was
that was before he was doing the
Punisher max
good basic Batman might be long
Halloween that's that's not a terrible
suggestion long Halloween I'm yeah okay
I'm very funny you're one I mean you're
more down-to-earth take on Batman uh-huh
Batman you're one that is just in case
that wasn't obvious
I think the polar bear thing was later
in the max from are you sure about that
I thought that was one of the Steve
Dillon issues
your one is so short yeah but it's it's
good remember this person is just
looking for a primer is just looking for
like some basic superhero stuff we're
not but Street street-level heroes and
generally god yeah Punishers not bad
definitely daredevil and spider-man and
sometimes Batman can be a bit global and
insane yeah like it depends on which
Batman you're you're right that's a lot
of ifs sometimes he's beating up
Superman look he just outwitted Darkseid
on apocalypse
you know what check out just because
I've been reading it and enjoying it
it's not necessarily it's not
traditional street level but I've been
really enjoying the uniqueness of Archer
and Armstrong yeah you know kind of
different superheroes different like and
especially if you're looking into like a
DMV style campaign they have a lot of
fantasy elements mm-hmm so the the new
run of Archer and Armstrong is really
fun really fun stuff my I might even
recommend some some of the earlier
Savage Dragon stuff when he was when he
was just a cop you know I didn't like
that no no good I I read that it was
part of a comiXology stuff and I read
the first like big chunk of it and like
the joke just got old so fast he's he's
a man who loves comic books though and
if you're looking to do some research
and comic book ii tropes you could do
worse than the savage dragon
that is true you could do worse but I
was a big fan of saffron
what was your favorite comic-book artist
or writer that's a hard one actually
because but a lot a lot of great writers
a lot of great runs and and you know
some sometimes you'll get a great artist
but though the writers really weak and
sometimes you'll get you'll get like
some really interesting stories but the
art is really weak
obviously that first run of Bendis and
Bagley for ultimate spider-man I thought
was really fantastic oh I'll say when it
comes to spider-man what's his name J M
DeMatteis de Metis he's an overrated
hack I don't he made a career of
dramatically killing off long-standing
spider-man supporting characters uh-huh
and replacing them with nobody of note
this is fucking butcher oh but hey he's
famous because he killed Kraven the
hunter okay that may off make my name
then replace it with Jack shit books
were a mess after I was done with him
but I was dramatic
I fucking hate him came out there I was
brought up Peter Parker has no friends
into social life but I'm a good writer
but trying to look up names here of
people yes Alan Moore has done many good
things over his years it's a lot of shit
now and I haven't read a lot of his
recent stuff doesn't get like great who
Alan Moore no no someone else
Miller foe Frey Oh Frank Miller yeah
there's two separate thoughts okay so no
no Alan Moore great and he hid his
recent stuff I've heard bad things I
haven't read any of it but there's been
some good Frank Miller stuff in the past
you know who I really like as an artist
is Humberto Ramos
oh I love I love his style no he did
some spider-man he did the first run of
the Kamala Kahn Miss Marvel it's a let
me know why it's a little bit gummy it's
a little bit cartoony and I love him
Umberto Ramos I love his style I'm a
super fan
Brian K Vaughn look at the only thing
I've really read a Brian K Vaughn's was
why the last man and much much like
Stephen King great premise no fucking
clue how to end it though
Oh I mean why age is completely fuckin
fizzles out I'm sorry ah let's see now
artists I've always had a soft spot for
John Romita Jr probably probably my
favorite spider-man artist oh and you
know all I have is bad thoughts of him
from doing x-men yeah he sucked in x-men
jr. sucked he sucked all them and his
dad John Romita was a fine x-men artist
and jr. fuckin sucked seniors classic
seniors classic he's the definitive
spider-man is senior I hate his Peter
Parker though his Peter Parker
ha ha ha ha looks like such oh ha ha
Gila his Peter Parker looks like a
fucking Leave It to Beaver reject oh
yeah he just sucks out all of your like
angsty depth that Steve Ditko give it
like Steve Ditko's Peter Parker looked
like he was on the verge of breaking
under the pressure
hmm and and seniors Peter Parker was I'm
happy good lucky friend big but you're
great spider-man though oh great spider
in spider-man great spider-man I can be
with you there and and even like I said
even ramita jr. he was fine for
spider-man loved him on spider-man bud
but his x-men run yes he had a damn fine
Punisher run too
oh yeah yeah
Punisher war zone oh I know that I think
yeah look I know that I've heard of that
book before
Alex Ross's boring static shit
Alex Ross is fine in small doses he's a
great cover artist I was a great artist
haha
but yeah I mean yeah his shtick can get
old if you read it but uh he's you know
what that's he's got a thing you know
who he is
Sherman not giving a lot of good artists
Urdu right now mark Mark Bagley Oh back
yeah no but and you know what Begley has
this really interesting style that I at
first was not down with who you start
reading his his ultimate spider-man
running what is he doing with all the
lot he has you know I was like I was
like oh it took me a long time to adjust
after after I did adjust I loved it but
like his harsh line work I remember when
he was just doing amazing oh yeah yeah
harsh lines
the man has harsh lines
harsh lines but uh all right it's a tit
and it's such a like a such a big
question like comic book artists that
you like there's so many that you like
and whose name you don't know can't
remember that's why I needed to look up
the Hamburg DOS cuz I love his art I
like art you know what I like rich hmm
aren't worth a little personality yeah
art where you go I know who drew that
like ah you know what I can be fine with
just some good solid for gonna comic
book art - Dave Gibbons
who's he did I believe he worked with
Alan Moore in the Watchmen oh okay sure
that's just some just some good solid
clean comic art yeah that's fine like I
said I I enjoy a little a little person
now sometimes a little personality beats
too much yeah I know what you know what
a lot of personality
Rob Liefeld oh shut up here you be quite
a lot personality no he did not
you know a lot of being a hack that's
what he had a lot of Frank quietly huh
Frank quietly Frank quietly Superman all
stars also our all-star Superman that's
a monster
yeah yeah I'll start sweet Meadows
that's some beautiful work that's some
beautiful artwork yeah I can do with
your there I can be with you there Frank
Cho let his name what do you do that
number Thanks
we'll there's a lot of good artists out
there shouldn't we just be happy that
there's so many good artists something
yes the answer is yes yes we should be
oh whoa what oh right
I can wall jump
of course you can call Jim
you
we where's the Alan Smithee of comics
probably Rob Liefeld because whenever
you see his name on a book it's terrible
right you just don't want to read it
Oh Rob Liefeld you fuck you fuck nugget
huh Oh what not them get ready to move
on okay
I'm spending too much time thinking of
artists and drawing of blanks right now
so I'm just gonna move on hey you know
mine was a fine conversation move on
comic books are great Nico :
hi guys I hope you are having a splendid
week I have a question if you could make
a holiday horror movie of any holiday
outside of Halloween what would you
choose you have to make a holiday movie
out of a holiday that's not how horror
movie icon okay RiRi let me make sure
holiday horror movie for one I wouldn't
pick Halloween because it would be too
damn obvious and you'd be you'd be a
fool to compete with John Carpenter's
Halloween are be a rule you rule
Halloween out Arbor Day the trees have
said some amazing someone in the chat
beat you to it
what yeah those are that's fair no sir
okay so later bring your daughter to
work day and like the work is like
really creepy and maybe you hit it like
some sacrifices are going on behind the
scenes because the company's a cult all
right bring your daughter to work bring
your daughter to work day daddy's little
girl I have some learning to do when she
grows up she wants to be just like Daddy
great I love it
all right anonymous says hey rich have
you played the Civilization games what
do you think of that if not I think they
would be in your wheelhouse in
particular sin five is what I would
recommend lol lol Cora Kate shaft I have
not I know I know what sunless things
need to do but there's also eighty
thousand games on that list
yeah as I've said before I actually got
into the turn-based strategy really late
in the game yeah yeah you've mentioned
that before I only played old XCOM once
people were mad at the bureau the well
yeah they ended up calling it the bureau
but originally before
XCOM enemy Unknown came out you know the
new one with the reboot they were gonna
reboot XCOM as a first-person shooter
and fans were all pissed like why
wouldn't this not let me check out this
old game I never played XCOM I need to
be good it was uh because of fan outrage
yeah fan outrage caused me to find the
turn-based strategy
now that that end master Brian I played
master of Ryan just a little bit before
that too so Master of Orion helped okay
but I I certainly didn't play either of
them new and heqco says my ratchet Jack
hi
I'm a photographer and just learned
pictures move what why does the camera
I'm renting heaven interlaced mode and
why hate on rolling shutter when
everybody plays and progressive these
are Jack questions more than rich
questions wait why does the camera have
interlaced mode why does the camera I'm
renting heaven interlaced mode and why
hate on rolling shutter when everything
plays in progressive it has an
interlaced mode probably probably
because it can give you some sort of
higher resolution why and and so like no
one no one uses interlaced mode anymore
but a lot of times you know if you want
to cameras offer different settings as
far as like how much information is
stored in every frame and you can store
more information in the frames if you
interlace the frames you don't want to
do that because it'll look like shit
why do you hate unrolling shutter if
everyone is watching in progressive mode
anyway is the question that answers
itself you hate on rolling shutter
because people watch in progressive mode
so they can see the rolling shutter
rolling shutter is the jello effect okay
what happens is when you are moving the
camera it absorbs the image one line
right analyst huh interlaced no no no
for progressive oh remember it does this
for progressive in interlaced is when it
is
displayed a Venetian one than the other
right right right rolling shutter is a
different thing it's just how cameras
work now they capture the image like say
from the bottom up right okay and so if
you're moving the camera fast enough
it's capturing an image over here and
then the next image over here and then
the next image over here and so it makes
it look wobbly and jello II if you move
the camera fast enough okay that's the
problem with rolling shutter and because
we have such nice screens and everyone's
watching unprogressive you really notice
that rolling shutter like just take any
camera and go back and forth and it'll
look like jello fortunately just about
every editor now has a rolling shutter
fix it has ways to zoom in the image
morph it back and deal with the rolling
shutter or you get rolling shutter
unavoidable unless you have a camera
that works at fast enough speeds or has
a good enough sensor okay it all depends
on the sensor most 98% of even prosumer
cameras like even the cameras we use
which are technically speaking prosumer
more than consumers not quite
professional but almost professional
will have a rolling shutter even though
they have really good sensors once you
start dealing with super high-end
professional cameras you don't have to
worry about it okay and even some
consumer grade cameras you don't have to
worry about it depending on the sensor
yeah I'm I'm in front of the damn thing
right I don't any of this it all depends
on how the information is taken in and
you know you have these full full-frame
sensor cameras that just takes in the
entire image at once those are beautiful
button all right Jack do you do that
wobbly thing with hands all the time
you're good at it yeah no I did
playing too much band Adam right what is
rolling shadow so hopefully I just
answered what rolling shutter is it's
it's when you move your camera too fast
the image warps and bends because your
sensor is starting at the bottom of the
sensor it picks up the image over here
then you move really fast over here and
it picks up all the way so it looks like
jello you can fix it in post or you just
learn like you just learn as a camera
person that you can't move your camera
that fast okay good you heard you know
the cameras we have here are fine
cameras there they're not you know I'm
not like oh and interesting I'm like oh
I have nothing to add to this rich is
not a camera person and he's not a he's
not even a production or you know of
that side of production person you want
to talk to rich about building sets
right saying tsampa thing you want to
talk to rich about writing comedy he's
on that but yeah cameras are not his
bitch we need 50 PCI's yep rich has a
different skill set a valuable skill set
but a different skill set
listen gee buddy Eddie AIDS hey guys big
fan and I stopped being a bitch finally
subscribed and caught a live stream hey
welcome how excited are you guys for the
Uncharted DLC well gee bunny thank you
for your support one guru says he'll you
hack frauds that's on Josh Brolin is
cable Josh Brolin is a fine actor which
one is Josh Brolin again
did you see no country for old man I
haven't I haven't seen a lot of damn
movies oh you know what he's fine
he's a fine Josh Brolin is a witch fine
which one is cable you know okay nice
you know what I know who he is yeah I I
don't think I've ever read a single
issue that featured cable of like
anything oh really
in a small part in civil war I might
have seen a little bit of cable there he
uh I don't know it's about it he wasn't
in he wasn't in civil war was he
everyone was in civil war we were
running around with uture wasn't he
running around doing something with
Deadpool that's well that's what he does
now yeah a lawyer that's what he's most
known for in the Deadpool universe then
I've read nothing with cable he
basically he's going to play the
curmudgeon 2 Deadpool ok they're gonna
go on a time like you know he's going to
come back from the future and they're
gonna have to go on a little adventure
then you've missed a lot of great x-men
comic ya know it's never a big x-men fan
so I've missed all of the great x-men
comics just too many damn characters I
never never a huge team book guy
Fantastic Four is it four fours enough
yeah that's my cap when it comes to a
team Wow yeah I know x1 is good that's
like that that's something fun about the
x-men is the group mentality you know
you get to I read about some of the
convolution that goes on in x-men though
and it just gives me a fucking headache
rich that's fucking everything that's
just fucking everything cable is Cyclops
kid with a clone of Jean Grey turned
evil when the real Jean Gregg came back
after she died with a third time and
what yep Cylons we shall I got a British
Asian brain transplant Victor I I get
sad no yep no I don't need that first of
all I'm surprised you knew that much
about Cylon
my brain is like a kata Mari
my brain is like a katamari oh hey you
rewind shaq TSA's what's your favorite
weapon ship and race and FTL rich did
you hear the song somebody made with
your voice fuck my vocal stylings oh
that's right I was supposed to show you
that okay I'll check this out later I
think now's a great time I was supposed
to show rosette and I didn't favorite
ship in FTL I've always had good luck
with the Federation cruiser it's got a
decent starting crew okay uh you know
Rockman a mantis ng and yeah human but
they're they're fine for pilots if you
don't have to have him do anything else
I suppose the damn shit right um
I had a lot of fun once with which which
version of the Manta ship there's one
version of the Manta ship that's got a
four-person teleporter Porter Wow here's
here's my favorite fucking run of FTL
right I started with that Manta ship
it's already got it starts off for four
fucking slot teleports you can beam four
people over the enemy ship huh I found
like four other mantas crew members in
like the first couple zones nice I fully
upgraded my teleporter Jack I was
running around ships with eight mantas
men I've been won over and because they
were kicking so much ass I just be more
over I fucking dominated everything Jack
noise AI ships because my teleporter
would beam then beam them out fast
enough mantas they destroy fast yeah so
I beamed them over and they would
destroy that component before
suffocating and then I just beamed them
back I was I was taking out fucking
eight AI ships with just mantas boarding
at a teleporter that's great so that was
some fun stuff and I guess for that
reason mantas is probably my favourite
favourite race in it yeah
fuck it 8 mantis there an NG pilot you
know I Internet oh yeah yeah yeah I'm
something I have five ship or whatever
we're gonna go be super badass that that
entire fucking run was just on autopilot
and it's just great being lovin destroy
everything oh it's great they didn't
they didn't give a shit if they're in
there med bay they were killing faster
than they could heal of course
oh is glorious bum
Anana says hey guys I've been waiting
for you guys to do more Neil Breen films
on best of the worse it all finally gave
in and watched a couple myself they're
incredible question is next nail breehn
best of the worst when I it's a great
question some some people around here
have been wanting to wait for someone to
be a guest star some people have been
wanting to wait and other people around
here have been telling those other
people that we should just do it anyway
um I don't mind you know I didn't mind
waiting yeah I think at some point
though I mean right we would come on we
gotta do it right
we've they've had the chance yeah I know
they're busy yeah I know they're busy I
get it yes and you know it's obviously
it's not my call when we do what but if
it you know I I think that that we
should watch more neoprene
F max watch through a Skype call Oh
that'd be so lame or come on that's not
a real suggestion yeah don't don't be
dumb yeah thank you for your suggestion
but coming but come on Oh Annie Gamora
says hail Satan
alright that apparently got Rich's seal
of approval which you know that's fine
it's fine say the only honest character
in the Bible so you just try to help
just trying to help I just why would you
take God's word for it jack he wrote the
book why would you take his word for it
the winners right rich and nobody won
nothing yet ain't nobody won nothing yet
I don't recall no arm again
Charlotte m3 says Jack yep several
streams ago you mentioned that you used
to play Soul Calibur Soul Calibur I want
to issue you a friendly challenge okay
I'll take you on anywhere anytime in
Soul Calibur oh I'm sure you'll win Soul
Calibur stream
I did play Soul Calibur I haven't played
in a long long time so I will not accept
your friendly challenge as you'll win
you'll win handily you fighting games
are fine rich and I don't do many of
them mostly just because for any of
those type of games what I want you to
remember is what happens when we stream
something like rocket League mhm
usually what happens when rich and I
stream rocket League is we both have to
pay attention and we're in general
having a pretty good time mm-hmm but
then we can't really pay attention to
chat and we don't really talk because we
have to pay attention yeah and so you
end up with a silent stream of rich and
I enjoying ourselves which my is fine
well it's one of us playing and the
other not exactly but I think for any
fighting game some of the fun would be I
mean we do a little versus each other if
it doesn't have to be constant chat it's
it's hard to be a Satanist when when you
don't believe that Satan exists do do do
do
Jim back says hey guys hi with the new
Zelda being a home run home run which
other Nintendo franchises would you like
to sleep see / do you think we'll see it
will get a similar revitalization
treatment keep up the great content
that's a really tough question right
there I heard I think they revital the
only reason they revitalized Zelda was
because the last one got wishy-washy
reviews I think they were that wasn't
that was a panic reaction but I think
the rest of their franchise is still
selling like hotcakes I know if if
that's the criteria then I'd love to see
a revitalization of the Metroid series
that'll probably be the one cuz the
blast one went over poorly that'll be
the one the last one went over poorly
and then they had that like 3ds like
Metroid soldier game did you see that no
no like you didn't play as Samus you
played as like random well nobody wants
that random like army dudes Oh fuckin
which also went over very poorly so
hopefully we'll get a new much right
Nintendo does not care about Metroid or
starfox anymore that's true they're
stupid Nintendo is a business and they
care about the things that will give
them money like any business that's what
Nintendo cares about if they think that
that's what it will take to sell
switches or get people to buy their shit
they will care about it
Nintendo likes money like any business I
haven't I haven't played it but it
sounds like the problem with the last
starfox was they were pressured to use
the system's shitty fucking gimmick
Getty is that we mode to the gyro gyros
I don't think if Starbucks came out on
the Wii Wii U Wii U yeah they usually
had to use the other screen to aim while
you're looking up yet he's like both
screens at once I was like you're some
really weird shit Oh everyone talked
about how awkward and horrible the
control scheme was and a fucking Star
Fox game terrible which is the last
thing you should say about a starfox
game well like this will tell you all
you need to know is I didn't play it
it's fuck I didn't know I just didn't
play the fucking game
now you're basically expected to look at
both screens at once
oh that sounds bad that sounds like a
bad idea yet get to aim with the the Wii
U remote while looking at the TV where
you could see where you were going it
was it sounded horrible yes there's a
starfox Wii U game ha ha ha ha
apparently so like hotcakes
everybody everybody remembers it rich
any plans for VR yeah wait till it's not
shit boom a sick burn what was it uh
wait wait till they can tackle the
seemingly insurmountable issues so so
here's the most recent bad news for VR
is Best Buy recently pulled a bunch of
demos hundreds of demos all across the
country
Mark Zuckerberg we have recently
interviewed an you know Facebook bought
the oculus right has billions of dollars
right and basically all of Silicon
Valley at their disposal huh Zuckerberg
saying ten years before VR apps are a
thing yep that that's your state of VR
right now
that's the state of here I'm not saying
Zuckerberg word is bond
I'm saying he's rich and has a lot of
influence with I'm a people
I'm not saying vr will never be good I'm
saying I think it'll be a while before
it is yeah yeah movement and touch those
are issues movement that we move bed
before big one yeah like you're never
you're never going to have a sword fight
in VR that's like oh you can have sort
no because there's nothing for your
sword to hit right you'll go right
through it because there's nothing there
for you to hit right I saw an
interesting experiment someone was uh
someone kind of put a glove on on the
person in a VR and it gave him a slight
shock and in the VR helmet there was a
wall full of electricity and so like
they put their hand on it and like give
them a little shock yeah and it's them
trying to figure out how to make how to
make it feel like you're touching stuff
you ever go into a batting cage yeah you
got that satisfying back yep yep you'll
get that we are you're just looking for
like everything every swing is gonna
feel like a whip even though you might
see the ball flying away even even
though it might rumble your even though
your controllers might Rumble it's not
gonna feel right VR porn how about you
just get someone special in your life
haha listen porn existed a long time
before computers VR is not changing
nothing I got nothing against porn no VR
porn just just sounds so sad doesn't it
listen no sadder than any porn and I'm
not saying porn is sad alright I'm just
saying like no listen if the internet
was wiped out people would go back to
reading erotic novels like people will
go back to cave drawings of sexy people
VR VR ain't no game changer
the blue prism says greetings from the
greetings from the Madison area hi I am
a huge fan and you guys always improve
my day I'm watching all your old stream
sketch up let me know if you guys ever
need help with the studio I'm not far
Madison's yeah pretty fun hey isn't only
not a little bit closer to do no not the
header out of the damn State it's in the
middle it's in the middle yeah I thought
was okay
it's it's a you know like if you hit a
little traffic it might be an hour and
20 minutes but it's only an hour away
Vega remember this people don't still
know oh no yeah no I mean thank you for
the operation at the Opera Bank you now
Madison is a nice easy drive oh fuck you
captain blue 42 says hey guys have you
heard of hit man's bodyguard the hit
man's bodyguard yeah oh yeah so that
Ryan Reynolds and Samuel Jackson yep
that's exactly the next thing they said
it's a new action comedy starring Ryan
Reynolds and samuel l.jackson yep it
looks good and they used that one song
from The Bodyguard for the trailer this
is the first I've heard of it oh yeah
yeah yeah it basically looks like all it
is is one big joke of the body of like
making fun of the bodyguard or bodyguard
movies so it's it's about 20 years out
of date
oh yes what did the bodyguard freaking
come out is that like 89 or 98 or
something I don't I listed on number so
samuel l.jackson is a hit man and Ryan
Reynolds is a professional executive
bodyguard so they have opposite careers
so they have opposite careers and then
he is hired to keep Samuel Ryan
Reynolds's hired to keep samuel
l.jackson alive yeah who hit apparently
or it's not I don't I don't know the
premise but it just looks like it's
gonna be goofy
it's Ryan rounds and Samuel decks and it
would be fine looks like a fine movie
more so I'm interested in seeing
speaking of Ryan Reynolds they recently
announced who is directing the Miss
Marvel movie and it's a director of a
Ryan Reynolds movie called Mississippi
grind they going with Kamala or Carol
Danvers oh sorry not miss Marvel captain
Marvin oh okay sorry yes is am I
misspoke they're making a Captain Marvel
Carol Carol Danvers or deserves live
another yeah the Carol Danvers Captain
Marvel I think Alison Brie is playing
Captain Marvel hmm and the director of a
movie called Mississippi grind which is
Ryan Reynolds is like befriends and
ambling a gambling addict supposed to be
very good I've never seen it but looks
interesting
he looks interesting how much is the new
Blade Runner gonna suck look just
because I think the original was boring
doesn't mean they can't do something
good with that material
right um it's there there we don't know
anything about the new blade on the
movie it could suck it could be good we
don't know nothing man
we don't know nothing we'll be gone sing
how weird this captain marvel sound to
people who are Marvel fans the probably
just sound so horribly generic ain't a
superhero after the company right well
in like for anyone who's just like a
general fan of the Marvel movies they're
like so wait
she's a space pirate cat wait what does
she have super palace it's Sheila I
think a lot of people are gonna go into
this thinking that she's just gonna be
like another star-lord like like okay
another space what what it's a character
that exists to fuck with DC Captain
Marvel Shazam this was called once upon
a time Captain Marvel then what ever
reason that name fell into public domain
or they lost a copyright on it so Marvel
snatched it up
I don't know that for a fact but I will
bet you that is the reason Marvel has a
Captain Marvel oh god yeah and that's
the reason they always will have one oh
yeah listen if you're if you run Marvel
Comics you need to have a character with
Marvel in the name
it's the reason Spider Girl exists oh
yeah
oh yeah they don't want DC having a
Spider Girl in stage of spider-man so we
need a character called Spider Girl
there's a Spider Woman here's a Spider
Girl we got those and then they they
fucked with DC a little bit wonder man
we got a Wonder Man this is a comfort no
we're gonna have a cracker called Wonder
Man and if you don't know there is a
Marvel character called wonder man who
has nothing to do with the DC character
Wonder Woman he's not he's not like the
LA original Dana just it's like salt in
the wound we can look at that name let's
do it
you know I'll be honest with you it
didn't click with me that that was uh
that was a dig at Wonder Woman for a
while I was just like well Wonder Man
yeah
oh and he's lame yes but they get to
have that name which is what's important
well that's what's important to Marvel
you
if someone hasn't heard about captain
marvel it sounds like a satirical
superhero it's actually almost it might
have actually been more popular than
Superman for a short period of time
oh yeah in like the 40s or 50s
eventually DC sued the sued Captain
Marvel the people who did Captain Marvel
saying he was too similar to Superman
and they wanted believe they actually
ended up winning the lawsuit oh really
yeah
Oh interesting uh yeah and I don't I
don't I mean I barely know anything
about Carol Danvers the the most I know
about Carol Danvers is that's where Rowe
got her powers right real I know nothing
about her I tried picking up her story
after after Kamala Khan came out I was
like oh I wonder like what the old Miss
Marvel is doing right now and I just
could not figure it out she's in space
she's super strong she can fly I know
nothing about no it couldn't be more
popular than Superman look it up look it
up they suit him because Captain Marvel
was pretty popular in the day you know
you don't know when I the Captain Marvel
I'm talking about is now known as Shazam
the boy who says the magic word Shazam
and he turns into a superhero with a
cape who's strong and powerful looks a
lot like Superman
yeah only he's red with a lightning bolt
on his chest
she Sam's an interesting character I
like the I like the idea behind Shazam
I'm down I'm down with the idea of just
like a kid like that's that's just
classic wish-fulfillment power fantasy
yeah like a little kid who can turn into
a into a big superhero classic then
you're spider-man who was a power
nightmare
who's the what power nightmare right
right get all these powers and oh my God
my life is terrible and there's so much
responsibility oh my god people are
trying to kill me and my Aunt May's
dying I needed to get her medicine Oh
God having responsibility is terrible
Jesus Christ I need I need to save the
city but I also can't afford my
grandma's medicine incidentally this is
why I love spider-man course it's great
dishes a Mullane no schism isn't Shazam
the wizard yes Swain
well I couldn't call him Captain Marvel
after Marvel snatched up the name they
had to call me anything else isn't he
still Captain Marvel but like the book
is cultures have that could be and that
might be well legally I'm not sure how
that works I just don't think they can
call the book Captain Marvel
I think his name is still Captain Mal
this is this is a fantastic question
that I don't know the answer to
Shazam is the wizard we're getting
cuz cuz Sam was the genie right Shazam
is the wizard but they still call the
guy shit Sam comment you know what
here's the thing didn't stir 56 comics
are crazy convoluted and super weird all
the time
II thought Captain Marvel wasn't one of
Marvel's captain marvel as a woman but
DC's Captain Marvel is a man there's
also a boy and legally can't be called
Captain Marvel and Marvel's Captain
Marvel is a woman who used to be called
miss Marvel who was who his wife - the
original boy Captain Marvel of the
Marvel Universe who now goes by Captain
Marvel it's great and that sentence is
accurate think about that think about
that but the current Carol Danvers used
to be Miss Marvel most people will
probably know her as the person rogue
got her super-strength
and flight from but before that she was
Miss Marvel the wife to the old Captain
Marvel who is dead and she's the new
Captain Marvel and the new Miss Marvel
is Kamala Khan who has the stretchy
powers so here's the thing here's the
thing if you're not if you're not
following Marvel's
Captain Marvel them is entirely
unrelated Marvel swooped in and grab the
name once legally it became free like DC
hadn't used their Captain Marvel in so
much time and suddenly the name was free
and anyone could use the name
so then Marvel said okay now we're gonna
have a character called Captain Marvel
now DC can't use this name right and so
they made a superhero Captain Marvel who
is a boy at the time a man who was a man
at the time this is some rival company
bullshit going yeah and they're kin
Marvel's Captain Marvel had very similar
power to DC's Kat
Marvel where he was just strong and
could fly but then to his face DC's
Captain Marvel wasn't originally DC's
Captain Marvel they only got that
Captain Marvel after they sued Fawcett
publications who originally produce
Captain Marvel
what is this true list you're a crazy
person
mostly it was they sued him this and
it's too much like Superman you can't do
that so great the courts agreed so DC's
Captain Marvel wasn't originally DC's
Captain Marvel in any case it's not at
all related to Marvel's Captain Marvel
who wasn't the original Marvel Captain
Marvel and neither of them are related
to Captain Marvel oh no he's not Captain
Marvel he's the marvels at it
I love Marvel which is a total which is
an alien in the x-men Marvel Universe
oh fuck rich ah comic books are so fuck
oh I forgot about Marvel was my MMA R -
ve LLR vel was in the original guardians
of the galaxy well which one they're
calling her photon now the there was a
Captain Marvel that was that was a black
woman who had light powers she could
turn into light and she was Captain
Marvel for a while I'm not kidding
really ramen time a secret war the
original secret war oh I don't
she was on The Avengers I don't know
really yes really
they've been a lot of Captain Marvel's
fuck everything about comic books
well Marvel doesn't want to lose the
rights to the name so there's always
going to be a character called Captain
Marvel oh well and they have to there
Marvel there Marvel they need a
character called Mark Captain Marvel and
apparently also Marvel and Miss Marple
um this is completely fucked it is um
she's called photon ya know Oh
interesting
someone was asking how this game
compared to other roguelikes like
Binding of Isaac
so just to get all right or else my
brain is going to thrive how this game
compares to other roguelikes
like binding of issac or nuclear throne
1 I didn't know that this was a
roguelike and I'm a little disappointed
in that I was really hoping for some
crafted platforming levels I'm sorry I'm
sorry
it still is so far it's been a very fun
game but I was expecting a lot more
crafted platforming and so it's just a
lot slower I'd say this compares more to
something like 20xx just because it's
another platformer with AI end and it
doesn't so far the thing that makes
Isaac special is the stacking powers and
even nuclear throne doesn't have that
nuclear throne is just a tough is tough
as balls
so they're all a little different this
is a fine game so far I was expecting
really crafted platforming levels and
I'm slightly disappointed that it's a
roguelike because I did not know that it
was a roguelike you know the characters
that the Watchmen are based off of they
weren't as a faucet or whatever they
were no they were Charlton Shelton
comics are the characters that DC's The
Watchmen are based off of Oh Jack any
thoughts about the Flat Earth theory
this is dumbest thing in the world it's
fun the pseudoscience is fun it's
bullshit it's complete bullshit buddy
more fun I here's here's my problem with
pseudoscience of any kind yeah is that
people believe it yeah oh yeah
and so like it's it's hard for me even
to find enjoyment in pseudo side of this
like the magic healing power of crystals
the Flat Earth theory touchless massage
that the re orientates your chakra
people believe in it and there are there
are people who it makes us as a whole
dumber but I I can't agree like what was
it that we came across the other day
like someone Mike had a map of what was
the Flat Earth and it's like oh what a
neat map that's complete bullshit but I
can't even get any enjoyment out of it
because of the idiots put out fuck you
take it very very seriously Flat Earth
would be more enjoyable pseudoscience
that they weren't so blatantly just
trying to shove the whole god thing down
your throat
sure sure it's not fun when they go into
Bible verses that's like I want to hear
your explanations for the shadows and
all this stuff yeah something about the
fake NASA photos I don't care about what
the Bible said
I used to be able to enjoy like alien
conspiracy stuff a lot more yeah as I'm
I never I never you know was a believer
but I can't even suspend my belief this
these days I used to I used to love
listening to art bells oh yeah I'll
explain who our Bell is for those who
don't are art Bell for those who don't
know head of a late night radio talk
show called coast to coast where he
would talk about alien conspiracies big
foods psychics remote viewing any any of
your your your conspiracy theory
quackery yeah and he was a great showman
now it's Robert Murray show yeah and
he's boring us fuck remote-viewing
that's that was like a kind of a cold
war-era thing where there were rumored
to be trained Russian psychics who would
tell you what the USA was doing and
where we were putting our bombs because
they're psychics we're keeping tabs on
us coulda been the other way around or
maybe we both supposedly had psychic CIA
agents I don't know Scherzer that's like
you want to know you want to know where
Vladimir Putin is well let's get our
remote viewer all right look into your
mind and tell me where the glamour Putin
is ha ha ha ha ha ha that's awesome he's
reading something was what is the
paperwork on his desk saying sure sure
that's remote viewing
rich have you ever seen a UFO
technically I have I don't believe it
was a flying saucer though remember that
UFO de stands for unidentified flying
object once when I was much younger I
did see a metallic sphere in the sky but
honestly that's exactly what a fucking
weather balloon looks like so I saw a
weather balloon we use on unidentified
flying object that was most likely a
weather bolt yes right but as far as you
are concerned still unexplained
fucking
where are we where are we at rich where
are we that's that's you're in charges
Chibs rhetorical okay
your rhetorical Anonymous's shoutout to
Luke and KY my significant other watches
your stream every week thank you for the
endless entertainment and conversations
you're welcome anonymous glad to do it
yeah especially with the tempest yeah
yeah so dead G bunny 88 says guys how
awesome was the last Jedi trailer me
personally
I cried like a man should never how
about you jack
oh I just I I really like I saw it and I
I can't even must I can't muster up it's
hard to even muster up indifference it
was fine it didn't tell us anything it
didn't do anything it was literally a
reminder that the movie was coming out
trailers don't mean anything anyway you
know what you know what had a great
teaser trailer absolutely fantastic
teaser trailer the phantom a phantom
innocence right I remember so doesn't
really mean anything well but I guess
this is what this is what I'm saying
what I'm agreeing with you but it's like
people are like oh the trailer came out
but it didn't show us what the movie is
gonna look like it didn't give us any
clues as to what it's about it's gonna
be the dark one it's gonna be just like
the Empire Strikes Back they're gonna do
I you know they're gonna do the exact
same fucking story again as what as the
original trilogy
we had our we enter our a new hope
knockoff already yeah
next is gonna be the one where raid
trains with Luke like Luke train with
Yoda and and Finland Paolo they're gonna
do something else it's not entirely
related until the end
kylo Ren is at the end of this he's
going to turn to the good side destroy
the do-over like in Return of the Jedi
we're going to see the exam exact three
fucking movies
by the time this is all said and done I
really hope they're they're setting up
that they've already hinted that kylo
Ren has the good in him still right I'd
all I can do is hope yeah
all I can do is here's here's what they
could do that would be interesting yeah
Rey has a phone at the end of this movie
of what Ray has fall at the end of this
movie and she turns to the dark side and
kind of switches place with kylo Ren any
of you be about all they could do to
shake it up but then they would piss off
all of the people who like having a
female protagonist in a Star Wars movie
because you make her the villain oh yeah
that's true so you're not going to see
that but if you want if you want to just
do something different that would be
what you would do it's not even that
different because Star Wars has been
creatively bankrupt since 1983 honestly
that's one of the that's I mean you say
a lot of smart and correct things but
you're you're saying of you or your
discussion of how limiting the Star Wars
universe is or limited it is is one of
the most correct things you've ever said
not that it has to be limited it just is
limited and I'd be so much more
interested in what their it sounds like
they're going to do with Luke with him
kind of wanting to distance himself from
the whole Jedi thing and that they kind
of hinted at yeah I'd be so much more
jazzed about that if I didn't know by
the end of the trilogy he's gonna be
training a new school of Jedi he's gonna
come around and like that's not
interesting oh yeah no I mean I don't I
don't think they're gonna make it I
don't think they're gonna make it
halfway to the movie before he changes
the his tune
yeah and he's back to Train in jeddah
right
oh fuck
Hyper do I predict by these second acts
Luke is ready to train more Jedi that's
my hot take Lucas Snoke not a chance and
help not a chance in hell not a chance
in hell
rich Luke will found the gray path what
is that some expanded universe garbage
they don't care about the expanded
universe that that's gone season got rid
of all that no at the end of this movie
we need room for more movies about
Jedi's and sip
swinging lightsabers at each other yep
that's the most important thing as far
as Disney is concerned yes
oh yeah yeah yeah
Snoke is Palpatine who cares it doesn't
matter it doesn't matter my rom says
have you guys ever come across a movie
or game that you know you should like
because all the elements are good you
like the genre etc but for some reason
didn't for me it was Dishonored
interesting you should bring that up
might be might be our next prereq might
be the one after that I wouldn't say I
wouldn't go that far and like I just did
I didn't like anything about it
but maybe not as much as I thought I
should yeah
I'll say that not as much as I thought I
should yeah yeah I mean you they there's
there's gonna be a cup of prereqs coming
up we shot two today
we shot two prereqs today and
on
not interesting
when flex in ski says Jack Captain
Marvel is played by brie Larson not
Alison Brie
goddamnit the who want an Academy Award
for room you should see room if you
haven't that and fury road are my two
favorite films 2015 so wait
brie Larson is Captain Marvel not Alison
Brie yes I'm so I'm sorry I'm sorry for
for that confusion
fury road though huh
fear roads great I did not see room did
you see room no I haven't good it sounds
depressing it sounds absolutely I don't
need that at my fuckin life yeah yeah I
didn't see that was good and went to my
uncle's um Easter okay watch the movie
because I I just don't have that much in
common with a 74 year old gay man all
right I'm with this so no we watched
monster with um what's-her-name mud
Hilary chilly from sure Charlie's I
never know how you pronounce that
Charlize Theron monster yeah where she
plays the the murderer yeah
yes my uncle is gay a hold on which I
was were we supposed to talk about that
oh my god your uncle is gay oh my god
there we go oh my god are we are we
supposed to easy is it okay to out him
well I haven't said his name for one and
I got I got I got like six uncles so I
think it's safe okay great settle down
people
great
like that okay uh okay so you watch
monster with Charlize Theron does fine
movie christina ricci right uh yeah yeah
her least her room man she's great
you know the actual serial killer I know
I know very little about it the makeup
job is phenomenal
oh that's one word she is like her
eyebrows she looks right just fucking
like her it's got a hair purple just the
teeth perfect makeup oh yeah and a great
performance
oh no she's great I know that I know
she's great in everything rich said he
just saw a monster and so that's why a
monster came with starring Charlize
Theron and Christina Ricci cuz cuz we I
mean I watched monster when we get over
there and I'm gonna do something bit
good mooyah yeah is that what you're
saying or just a good I was a good movie
oh good I'm good performance too
especially good performance yeah was
just a good movie in general yeah I
enjoyed him oh good nope I saw something
you know just unequal weights over the
holiday season finally something but one
not well except the one with the rock
yeah it's the one with the rock and the
little Hawaiian girl and they got to go
fight a lava monster pretty good yeah
the songs weren't especially great like
compared to frozen I really like the
songs in frozen but yeah really a
shockingly simple story and the rock is
fun because he's the rock and he's fun
and just about everything he does shad
we won't we will not be doing studio
tours
what no a while back or fortune chicks
trick some poor schmuck into coming out
here fortune posed as us said we're
looking for for on-air talent and got
some schmuck
try and find our studio for an audition
is the cruelest fucking thing you could
have done that is a cruel joke you know
what that is
gee bunny idiot says yeah black Adam is
being played by the rock that's true
thoughts uh does that mean they're
they're going with a lighter tone in a
DC movie no well may-maybe more
importantly it means they're making a
black Adam movie before they make a
Shazam cuz otherwise it's a good choice
I guess you know I can't see the rock
not being charismatic and that goes
against everything the DC Universe
stands for you know what this could be
the savior the rock could be the savior
of the DC Universe I'm not even kidding
no the rock is incredibly charismatic
but like I said my big issue with that
is that they're doing a Black Adam movie
before they do ashes own movie one which
is usual you know putting the dirt
putting the cart before the horse man he
should have played um you shoulda played
Shazam yeah she seems a kid than adult
buddy know I could do that yeah
especially if they do like with another
writing modern Shazam where he keeps his
childlike mentality plays it a little
cheesy you know he could totally do that
oh yeah
hey anyone at DC who's listening listen
to rich why why isn't the rock playing
Shazam that's my my official question
slash statement why why that's a really
good question rich why isn't the rock
playing Shazam
yeah that would make way that would make
perfect sense it might be a thing we're
here that's what they're doing
so the Jumanji remake yeah the spin that
they're putting on the Jumanji remake is
that kids get trapped in in a video game
right right and that is the exact
character that the rock is playing in
that is a big strong video game
character with the mind of a kid okay
and so maybe he didn't want to do that
like the same role back-to-back that
could be using I don't know if that's
the thing but I could see that being an
issue for him like ah I'm just doing
this Jumanji movie where I you know I'm
the big action hero but I got the mind
of a kid now I don't want to go and do
Shazam and be a big buff action hero
with the mind of kid I can see it
where am i fired census who do you
prefer between cranky comic book writers
Frank Miller or Alan Moore Alan Moore or
Alan Moore fuck Alan Moore Ellen Ellen
Moore has done some of the best things
ever in a comic book Frank Miller can be
fun
he's been fun in the past but he's no
Alan Moore Frank Miller's got like one
good idea to him I love your one yeah I
adore your one it's one of my favorite
Batman stories yep his one good idea
like you know his is kind of like
pairing down and grittiness thing the
hardcore take on Batman is fun cuz you
know what a fat man were a real person
he would have to be completely fucking
nuts and obsessed mm-hmm but Frank
Miller has also done some very bad
Batman yes so great look it's no contest
it's Alan Moore right agree agreed
madam says love from India I don't know
if I should have waited till a J screen
but have you guys ever seen a Bollywood
movie butts maybe even on foreign films
in general um what's it called robots
robot is it's just called robot right
here am i right
that that's kind of an amazing film yeah
it's been long oh that's all Bollywood
yeah it's got you know music because
it's Bollywood film yep musical numbers
but uh I liked it
I like robot I've seen a couple older
Bollywood films I in high school I had
an Indian friends whose parents
immigrated over and like they would
watch Bollywood films all the time so
anytime I went over to his house
that's what they were watching so I've
seen bits and pieces of course they were
all in Hindi so I had no idea what was
going on it's yeah it's all the same
dance numbers and wonderful glorious
outfits so supposedly the rock just
thought Black Adam was a more
interesting character with his backstory
and all which I'm not especially
familiar with his backstory if I
remember correctly Black Adam so Shazam
is like the magical protector of the
realm yeah
and Black Adam was the old magical
protector of the realm
and has become cynical and disillusioned
is that it I don't I don't know
i reaiiy honestly don't know anything
about Black Adam chat will correct me in
like five seconds but I believe he was
the old hero and he's become cynical and
disillusioned and now he's like
power-hungry but he started as the hero
here's a question yeah
couldn't you have him play both
characters they get the power so like
the same place right I said the same
magic man now you you know what visually
it's just Shazam isn't a little boy with
superpowers he turns into yeah Shazam
yeah but visually you couldn't beat him
Emily too weird yeah yeah he was does
that what I'm saying
Oh am i correct it would in my black
Adam
black Adams wife done there's there's
their stuff the black Adams backstory
yes that's what I get out of that I'm
there's their stuff jack is correct oh
hey all right hey look at that I got it
I got one right and so like the movie
could start off as him being you know
the hero and then you know he goes
through some tragedy and he's
disillusioned the only problem is though
like everyone's gonna hate that ending
right I don't I don't know not guns I'm
saying I want you to be general movie
audience it's it's only weird because
you know you don't see Shazam first you
don't see the hero first you're setting
up the villain in his own movie before
the hero yeah that's super weird as
weird is not necessarily the wrong move
he will well I what out where I was
going with the audience is gonna be
upset with that turn is because the rock
is a good guy and his super charismatic
and they're gonna love the rock they
love the rock as a villain when he was
in WWE
it'll be fine Oh is he a villain he well
I'm sure he was both in different times
oh I didn't know he I did not know he
was a he'll to you you know yeah to be I
believe you started off as a heel yeah
interesting
he was Vince McMahon's guy oh sure
don't necessarily know what that means
besides and it most of the public have
no idea who either Shazam or black Adam
are anyway oh sure no I'm just talking
about them falling in love with the rock
as a hero and then the rock turns evil
Pete I'm just I'm just worried about the
rocks charisma ruining DC's whole
grimdark blue thing no we don't
shouldn't be worried about that we
should be grateful for that
that's the good part that's the thing
that might save it rich
actually started as a face he got booed
then he became a he he was famous for
being a heel however you slice it okay
okay
is that if that's when he became known
yeah tired senses would you say there's
a similarity between younger Star Wars
fans obsession with Darth Maul and older
ones love for Boba Fett
they're both thinly written characters
simply defined by a cool design I will
disagree about Darth Maul's design being
cool he's just got some shit smeared on
his face and he's wearing black robes
how about this less than his design and
more his dual lightsaber which is even
dumber but if you're like eight and you
see that it's so cool either
is there a fan obsession with god mole
like still to this day yeah yeah yeah
people like him huh I want to say he
just came back and Star Wars rebels and
he had like a spider robot legs all
right you know horses whatever people
like what the one than my dam is no see
super super value part bag says if Zack
Snyder can take Superman and make him
grimdark emo he can do it to the rock -
no no no Zack Snyder did that to
Superman we're talking about a person
here who cannot turn off his charisma an
actor Dwayne Johnson he can't turn that
off Snyder can do all he wants to
Superman who's a fictional character but
doing the rock Johnson oh oh he can't he
can't be not great the unstoppable force
versus the immovable object is what we
have here hahaha maybe that movie's
going to explode like literally an
atomic explosion when they try to edit
that thing together or we could get we
could get a beautiful groundhogs day out
of it
an actor and a director want two
different things hmm hmm and your stank
Jagga interesting comparison and we get
and we get we might get magic I mean
most likely we won't but for those who
don't know Bill Murray wanted to play
Groundhog's Day as straight as possible
and as dark as possible Harold Ramis was
still trying to make comedy yeah yeah
Bill Murray I believe was going through
a really messy divorce right and was
just feeling grim and wanted to play it
really dark and the end result is really
beautiful yeah cuz it's a little bit of
both yeah it's a little dark and it's a
little it's a little comedy but you know
who did not see it as wonderful neither
Bill Murray or hail Harold Ramis as they
ended up not speaking to each other for
a long time after that movie I heard
people actually say one of the best
things we got from the prequels was the
world-building like Darth Maul and his
interesting race point of note here's
here's my point of note and we've we've
had this exact conversation before but
rich is mentioned and is incredibly
correct at how limited all the Star Wars
movies are right yeah you got rebels you
got Empire you got Daedalus orange yeah
pickle swords the prequels actually
tried to expand and it failed horrible
and it failed horribly but in just a
world-building sense yes they did like
they we learned how the Senate works we
went into cities what midi-chlorians
none of it's interesting none of it is
interesting what in a in a in a world
building sense yes
alright alright hey you know what let's
set up us
