Fri-Jay the 13th(Part 1)
May 31, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xvAQhleaigc

we are currently streaming this is the
Friday the 13th game and J I believe you
are a pretty big Friday than I am are
you excited to play a videogame I'm
excited to explore the game I'm sure
I'll be terrible at it I'm a little
disappointed because I know that they
pushed the game back to make a single
player as well and but that's not
available yet No
so that's kind of disappointing I just
want to be Jason and turn around and
hack up teenagers but well you still
theoretically can do that but it it
randomly chooses who is going to be
Jason so you might have to be a teenager
for a couple times okay I can handle
that yeah now do you when you if you
line on Jason do you get to pick which
Jason you are go to customize counselor
or you can pick a counselor or witch
Jason Jason you have to unlock Jason's
yes I have most of them unlocked okay
how do I change Jason um let's just take
a look at them all here like I hit the
button you're unlike the grab kills I
get the face shouldn't be so loud now
though button here's all the kills you
can see like you can buy some of them I
don't have them all bought sure but like
you get four different kills you can use
and you can pick through like these head
twist rip the jaw off punch through the
stomach I think the ones I have picked
up pretty decent but how do I change
Jason all right you see that top bumper
next to the next to the trigger but not
the trigger those hit those there's a
cycle through him I don't have okay
that's part 9 yeah oh is it Jason goes
to hell Jason yeah he looks too skinny
that's the wrong way Jason goes to hell
is he looks too bulky and ugly this
actually looks better than the movie
terrible looks like he was full of
tumors this looks like part six Jason Oh
party okay yeah that's already okay oh
oh here's part six okay
oh look at that guy yeah part six is one
of my favorite Jason's party general
part seven that's the one I was thinking
of yeah he's a good Jason jesse frozen
there's a spot with a frozen again your
your camera's frozen again okay there's
a spot we can choose your Jason it's not
in this menu this is just where you will
you can look at them all chair part
three which one do you want them I'll go
with part seven he's the best one we
could switch it later a little bit later
okay press a there you go okay now back
hit go back well we it's there's a spot
I the only place I know where to change
it is like in the lobby for a game
before it starts I just
it'll be quicker if you know which one
you're picking before you get there okay
same do the same with the council or if
you want okay actually yeah you play
will miss about kill hit the pithy a
button on the plus sign I don't want
those oh yeah this is this blank spot
pick up pick a killer do they're
probably the one with the machete in the
bottom you can buy one of the other ones
it reads what they do gutting whatever
gutting is important I think I think
even though last night when I watched
this last time you you gutted someone
but their guts did not come out of them
well you know I can't all be winners
yeah I'm just saying if you're gonna say
dry sometimes the guts just don't come
out if you're gonna call something
gutting I would like to see at least
some guts gotta counselors counsel you
are I just take a look we pick them both
in the different areas only this
douchebag you have a lot more time to
casually look at them here
those guys have looser he's gonna die
first she's cool that's funny cuz these
aren't specific characters from any of
the movies but they all look like they
belong in the movie that's great yes
especially Tiffany's sure you got the
nerd oh this is great you also set it to
random nobody set to random I'll show
you where we do that you can see you've
seen them all do you want random for the
counselors yeah
okay right hip back hip back again
alright the way you do it you have to go
to quit play we have to start a match
basically okay
I have no idea what I'm doing and those
ones doin's I also don't know how to
play video you don't right I got guys I
know Jays frozen he wasn't when we
started and now he is and there's not
really a lot we can do about that we can
we can just turn to K we can just turn
his camera off if I'm frozen just let it
go fucking nailed it
there is no way to fix the camera
without stopping it yes and restarting
OBS so if you guys would like us to stop
the stream in order to start the stream
again just so Jays camera might work for
another two minutes we can do
unflattering is the picture that I'm
frozen that's the real question and I
don't know this hold on I will find out
OBS has been continually finicky about
using two cameras OBS does not like our
use you web cameras oh yeah isn't that
like that's the coolest shot that's a
part to kill oh is it
which is a ripoff of an Italian movie
really yeah so somebody ripped off an
Italian movies yeah yeah that's ironic I
want to say it's babe blood it's a Mario
Bava movie it might not be pea blood but
hmm it's the exact same kill yeah this
couples having sex and they come in and
jam a rod through both of them nice who
are they even got the font right
you know what it's not an unflattering
picture Jason I'm gonna say we keep it I
just saw the picture of Jay and it's you
know Oh first of all look at them shorts
I'm hot pants
this is like oh my god how do I move
there we go
you got the basics down that's basically
it this is uh that's kind of another
part to reference with these shorts yeah
see you see your map yes you see that
red bar under the map that's your
stamina okay if you run out of stamina
mile Jason's chasing you you're pretty
well fucked okay if all right here we go
this is the Texas Chainsaw Massacre shot
Jason can do things to make you afraid
like if you're in a house that he starts
busting the windows your fear will go up
okay and then your stamina goes down
faster and the screen gets darker it
gets spooky okay thank you so what am I
trying to do right now all right hit the
dislike button you're gonna you got to
run away now
run away how do I run down click down
the one you're using to run like push
that down okay I think I have to hold it
down yes it's a push it once then as
long as you're holding forward okay it
keeps going damn it there you go okay
he's not chasing you anymore
oh there's a gun I got a gun is one shot
in it by the way okay
I won't kill him it will only stun him
okay so what I'm where am I trying to
get to right hit the select button you
know no the back button I'm looking here
okay see that in the right these are all
like the different things you can do
like you can escape in the four-seat car
but you have to fix it okay battery in
the car you have to find car keys
two-seater gone there's a yeah you can
get to find the propeller to put on the
motorboat this thing's you got fine to
like fix the escape vehicles okay or you
can fix the phone call the cops wait for
the cops to show up and once the cops
show up you can run to the exit that's
got the cops
okay leave so
a number of different ways to get out
listen that's a freak you out but
another you just ran by
that's not shockingly this is a popular
character well yeah that's the only
character I would play as okay radio for
Tommy Jarvis Tommy Jarvis oh yeah I am
yeah
Tommy Jarvis she shows up somebody God
like if you die which Tommy Jarvis is it
though he's different he's on three
movies and he's different i won
Jaison libs okay so the the actual good
Tommy Jarvis the good well I guess he's
good in part four he's a little Corey
Feldman yeah
in part five it's sort of he's like a
red herring were that you think you're
supposed to think he might be Jason and
he's like mute through most of the movie
oh fuck I tripped yeah your stamina ran
out strength train get in this house and
like search for things you might need
like like if you find car keys or gas or
oh there's a map take that map oh my god
now if you hit that back button I've
been hitting you get a map that little
button though yeah miss Electra then
they get a map like see that the blue
things the car the other blue things the
boat okay what's the those are the other
counselors wandering around the white
dots are the counselors were wandering
around yes if you ever see a red dot
that's Jason yes they're running from
the red dot okay
yeah know what Tommy Jarvis please
please arrived and for five minutes
so once the police arrived take a look
at your map look put a little like
shield icon for the police head towards
that that's probably your best way out
it's gonna be self okay yeah but some
you have to stay alive for at least four
and a half minutes though okay I don't
use my gun if I hold down the right
trigger and then the left trigger shoots
okay that you have that backwards let's
the other one
hold on left trigger and right trigger
trees okay what I meant to say yeah
should I hang out in here for a few
minutes yeah sure you can hide under
things necessarily effective it can be
and I'll know when Jason's coming you
can open in climb this is very important
Jason cannot go through windows you
could go to a gas
oh okay so I should open that window you
should open that window yes and the
other one probably not the one that's
next to the don't like he's coming in
it's gonna be through the door with a
hatchet
sure judge frown your face I'll walk
walk to the door hold on for a second
oh my god okay you're doing great
oh my god yeah you're doing great always
okay but hold down a she'll put a
barricade over the door okay it'll slow
him down we'll stop him Hey okay judge
frowny-face as we've talked about
earlier in order to fix Jay's camera
we'd have to stop streaming and start
streaming again and we guess would just
prefer not to do that maybe when we take
a break later we'll do that sure but not
at the moment turn off for now when we
get a chance I'd rather have him see Jay
nej yep oh look at that guy yeah you can
hide under the bed so can I just like
hide here for five minutes he's around
listen to the music oh okay so I should
hold my breath ah you can one of one of
his powers is every once in a while he
can see which houses have people in them
hiding when you're hiding it doesn't
show up as bright red oh okay oh the
music oh no way that means he's gone
maybe
yes the Jason has another ability that
can like turn the music off temporarily
what he's our friend um scare purposes
sure sneak up on people
okay I I don't know like I think that
music might be like randomly trolling
people sometimes it does there's a duck
also I don't know what that duck does
but there's a duck a duck
so once the police arrived that's when I
really need to get moving okay
yeah I'd start making my way so there's
three exits on the south side there yeah
she's gonna be to the big fat Road it's
gonna be an either end of that okay okay
so if you just head in that general
directions just head south yeah
cautiously try to not make much noise
sprinting makes a lot of noise
you can I think it's the the red button
will make you crouch down but you're
really slow you really damn slow but you
don't know sure don't use any stamina I
know I open the door you go through the
window I can't go through the door I can
only go so we can't go through the door
but it's probably just quarter to go
through the window okay
you'd have to hold down a to take the
barricade you put up off okay no I did
do that already but it won't let me open
the door no one did you looked it up
yeah Oh weird okay so I am heading south
right now alright guys I will take I
will take that suggestion but that also
has to wait until this round is done I
will pan the camera over so you can see
Jay and rich-rich is doing great
backseat gaming Jay has literally I have
no clue what I'm doing wait this game
and I and I barely play any games ever I
don't even understand basic run roles
run wait no no no now he just left the
area hone I saw his dot on the screen I
think you just got lucky
oh yeah jason has its power to teleport
in this game they have to make up for
the fact that he can't run well that's
what happens in the movies people run
and he always shows up somehow so that's
a great yes explanation yes okay
they thought this game through I I
appreciate the detail I think they did
as good a job as they could have with
the subject matter as far as turning
this into a game that works so far I
mean I've only played a little bit of it
but I I watched a little bit of gameplay
the other day
headed towards that fog and maybe you'll
get lucky and the exit will be right
there in 15 seconds if it's not you're
gonna have to follow the big road the
other way okay Jay might make it out of
this first turn waters game that's what
I get for being a Friday the 13th fans
who what's on the other side you're on
the wrong side follow the big road other
way oh God
which I run no no stamina yeah we have
to stop here and then yeah build up your
stamina because if Jason does come near
you then you run I'm not doing the face
I'm not a hundred percent sure but I
think your stamina might fill up quicker
in a house but I'm not I'm not a hundred
percent sure on that all right so
welcome to Crystal Lake sign okay nice
that could be an illusion just by how
long it takes like problems regenerating
while you're doing that I like it I like
it
yeah that's had to keep following this
road yes you follow this road okay and
Jason is probably yep he's impact on
that road oh shit I see his little Reza
he's oh is that him up there yes it is
what do I do Jay running high he's going
the other way he's chasing people
heading towards the exit I stay the
course for now okay we have that shoot
him if he gets on you you're gonna have
to try and shoot him and then sprint
towards the exit actually I'm white he's
over there Jay stop running and hold
down the left trigger yeah get used to
shooting don't you just like that's how
you aim and then the other one is shoot
okay yeah but you only get one shot okay
okay we can do this it'll it'll knock
him down oh it's all sorted wait you're
good you're good you're good
keep going he's not near you keep going
this is tense this is great as far as
replicating the feel of the Friday the
13th movies this is doing a pretty damn
good job does it does every now and then
you'll have a situation where he's like
he's hatching down the door of the cabin
you're in and you're looking for like a
way out or a weapon you can use there
they're just starting hold on that
sprint sprint oh my god she's gone first
fucking gaming hey oh fuck keep going
first fucking game take that Jason Wow
else is coming now yeah they tripped
over the same rock I like that you're
randomly trip never they're running away
oh I can watch
okay that's Tommy Jarvis oh yeah yeah
that's that's Jason lips Tommy Jarvis
spin the camera round you can kind of
see his face they did a good job on yeah
that's great Jason's right on his ass
eight here breaking windows Tommy Jarvis
survived three movies he can survive
this he was almost a completely
different character in each movie but
whatever he never died did he know he
survived not many people could say that
yeah Freddie eventually got everyone
know he never got Alice from part four
and Charlie yeah she survived both
movies she's the only one I think that's
been in more than one movie that
survived both of them should they have
been in Freddy vs. Jason I think there
were so many different ideas for what
that movie should be in so many
different scripts I think they were at
one point I think it was it was gonna be
like Alice and well no Nancy dies in
part three but it's gonna be like Alice
and I think Tommy Jarvis yes yeah we're
gonna team up and they're gonna fight
Jason I think there's actually a book
that just came out about all the
different scripts that were written over
the years for all the different ideas
for Freddy vs. Jason
they did with the smartphone they did
this one thing which was keep it fucking
simple and let each character be that
character yeah the things you want to
see yeah see you want to see Crystal
Lake the movies corny as hell but what
are you gonna do with a Freddy vs. Jason
movie you know I guess I'm not much of a
workout but I really like that movie
Freddy vs. Jason versus Jason oh yeah I
saw that couple times in the theater
it's very silly who your favorite it
should be silly you go with Freddy Jason
oh I'm a Freddy guy Freddy guy I was a
Freddy guy growing up all throughout my
childhood it was all about Freddy as
I've gotten older I've grown I always
watched the Friday the 13th movies as a
kid but I think I've grown to appreciate
them more as an adult discuss their the
polar opposite of the nightmare on
street movies those are like creative
they're inventive and fun and the Friday
the 13th movies are just so blunt and
stupid that's why I like the Friday the
13th they're magical they're magical I
will agree that the Nightmare on Elm
Street movies are better films mm-hmm
but there's just something so blunt and
relatable he's like The Hulk he's just
he's just unrestrained aggression yes
yes what is this guy doing I'm just
trying to be quiet
try and quietly make his way towards the
cop exit would be my guess maybe you
know I was supposed to go a few years
ago I wanted to take a vacation anyway
and I have I saw that there happen to be
in LA there was a gonna be at the what's
the name of the theater a camera it's
like a small theater in LA so but they
were doing an arch light or something it
was smaller than that okay Wow what's
the name of the theater but they were
doing a thing they're doing they were
doing a theatrical screening of the
Tommy Tommy Jarvis trilogy so they're
gonna play part four five and six and
that's why I decided I wanted to take a
vacation anyway it was like I'm gonna go
to LA I'm gonna see the Tommy Jarvis
trilogy in the theater it's gonna be
great
and so that it was the same it was the
night that I I got in that day and it
was that night okay
and coincidentally a friend of mine was
also in LA at the same time so like yeah
let's go get you know dinner and stuff
before I go to this thing and then you
know we're hanging out we're chatting
and and I was like it's like yeah fuck
the screen II and like I know it's kind
of why I came out here but I'm out here
for five days I have other things to do
like I'll blow off the screening and
we'll just hang out cuz you know you're
only here for a day yeah
and so I missed the whole original
reason I went out there was the Tommy
Jarvis trilogy I did not go and then I
found out after the fact and this is
like a small like a really intimate
theater yeah I found out after the fact
that after screening all night was
Quentin Tarantino
it's like goddammit and he's just
hanging out in these enchanting with
people sure
oh you schmuck yep this Jason is
terrible
apparently that's good for everybody
else there you go
you survived rich rich can you please
turn off huh
yeah we're just gonna turn people won't
shut up about it
by then we're gonna we're gonna OH
goodbye I'm just gonna do seasons mother
we're gonna do that oh yeah yeah his
cabin is in the game okay there's a
there's a convoluted way to kill Jason
okay that requires like a lot of
teamwork hmm for one like like what a
hardest part it's not easy to do you
have to damage Jason enough that his
mask comes off which isn't easy to do
sure then is specifically a female
counselor has to find Jason's cabin and
put on his mother's sweatshirt okay so
that's what that's what happens in part
two once that happens once Jason is the
mask off and the female counselor has
the sweatshirt on the female counselor
has to be near Jason use the sweatshirt
as an item to stun Jason she liked Jason
put damage oh yeah computer sure that
confuses Jason then she has to not come
down to his knees by hitting him on the
head
hmm then specifically Tommy Jarvis has
to come in with either an axe or a
machete to finish the job Jarvis that's
wonderful that's great but that's like a
combination of so many different things
from all the different movies I love it
oh yeah I know now everyone's
complaining that they can't see me but I
know you people came here to see you
tonight
Jack's no fool goddamn sons of bitches
like I made this too big now I'm okay
they go
the jack yeah I have you and by the way
you guys are all very funny thank you
for being so funny where's jack did
Jackie settle down okay probably not J
no Stephanie I exercise Jason right on
bland girl this is this is the girl that
dies halfway through the movie she's not
the first to die but she's up well she
kind of could be a final girl maybe just
just as her character arc starts she
gets it I just needed to say that I've
always wanted to be was the last girl
you played and she's like the first one
out right the slut the slutty girl yeah
she's early on although I survived see
where I'm going
oh wait I'm out now I'm assuming if they
were smart the map would not be in the
same place it was last time I played
right no okay yeah item items are
randomized sometimes you'll find a mean
like you can go into houses and open a
drawer potentially an exit when the cops
show up but they don't let you just walk
out unless the cops are there okay or
you can drive out if you get the car but
if you find a car if that's where you
want to derive okay if you get on the
boat if you if that's the thing that
happens there's two Rudd boys that's
like the exit you want to go through
those okay though I don't even know if
this map has a boat you can hit that
back button to see all the things that
are possible here but which one dad
doesn't all right Leslie yeah oh yeah oh
that helps keep your fear down yeah like
it's okay with you 30s just a boat and
there's a four sheet car nice this is
the same thing as les yeah well they I
think the other one I don't know that
had a boat I think that had the two cars
roughly the same right okay yeah so just
this like just walking down this this
foggy road at night like this is great
well you remember to loot a cabin and
find just some stuff yeah yeah and do
the same thing where you kind of
borrowed the door just in case Jason
finds you
Louise our boy rules how do you say that
Bui
Louise boy please
I think it's pronounced boy boys yeah oh
dammit get it together you want to keep
yourself out there you go uh-oh
cuz I mean he's nearby could be could
just be a scary noise oh wait hold on a
by the door again to barricade it if you
remember oh yeah so you can barricade
every door yep
okay by the way he can smash windows he
has the smash windows windows with a
shutter you can't use but windows that
are smashed you can still climb out of
them but you take a little bit of damage
okay
what's in here nothing no you want you
want it's okay you want to search as
many drawers you could possibly find
sure yeah
Cicero's just in oh I met shelf wrench
is better than a pot what shelf all
right here yeah wrench beats pan I'm
pretty sure does
looks like somebody was already in here
those drawers are open they might have
taken anything that was good hmm that's
a nedra though right that blue one that
greenish one by the window no other side
oh my god you can do it terrible with
canals you can do it now you're not used
to games no I'm not at all nobody blames
you for that except for everyone in the
chip
everyone everyone chad is really upset
about here well you know what they're
gonna have to deal with it pretty much
pretty much oh all these goddamn empty
drawers do you know how to swing the
wrench um assuming the same thing you
would he use for the shotgun yeah okay
okay
mmm
different Kevin yeah keep looking for
stuff yeah it can awesome well sometimes
it depends there's different strategies
sometimes it's smart to stay on your own
and just keep a low profile other times
it's good to work with people like you
can all get the car going together
pretty fast if you're working as a team
oh sure and then y'all just y'all just
drive out like a group before yeah okay
I'll find the I'll find the battery you
find the keys you find some gas no I'm
sure though Jason could stop the car of
course he can because he's JC can he
walk in front of it and if it hits him
it'll just stop ya know what's the what
what was that it was it was it was she
she she mamama right key key key key key
I can't kill ma ma ma ma yes that was
the original idea because the first
movie it's a mom yeah wasn't the door
next to that she's got that wrench for a
slightly less scuffed yeah yeah that's
this set a pipe pipe so not sure which
is better mm-hmm let's stick with the
wrench I mean the fireplace poker the
wrench fixes the pipe so the rent now
that are right what what be with me here
okay Jax Jax being silly
how will flare gun you could shoot a
flare gun a Jason no oh come on you're
not getting anything no oh that's a high
D
oh I'm siding ooh oh yeah that first for
you to hold your breath oh yeah I was
doing that when I saw ya that by the way
I do think it would be kind of sad if
you just never ran into Jason I'm sure I
will please get the aerosol do I want
that yeah that's that's a health oh okay
that's an item you can carry like three
things like that with you okay yeah you
find a pocket knife you can like stab
Jason in the neck if he tries to grab
you
good knifes are good firecrackers you
can throw down to like distract him hmm
some music mean he's nearby it's
somewhere nearby he doesn't necessarily
he could be chasing after someone else
now that could have just been scared
music began I think the music I think
the music gives you stings when he's not
around sometimes
Jason usually hunts by where the car is
cuz he's trying to stop people from
getting the car running yeah sure so I
already in this one yeah okay I'm not
particularly good at games but I'm
enjoying this don't worry there's a
person there you wanna stick with him
maybe he knows way out where that white
dot on your radar oh I see get your own
hang on the survivor see what happens oh
he's in the cabin yeah let's climb
through the window other side I think oh
they're really being finicky about what
frigging side you can go through no just
tap it just happened once it's open so I
did
she's got a car battery ooh hello what
do I do now hey hot pants just follow
them
hey I'm following you first time player
here we're just gonna follow you around
they didn't hear you because they could
see freaking controller thing stop
moving for a second check just first
time player we're just gonna follow you
oh she's gone oh another one Holly she's
got the battery she might be going on to
fix the car you get a ride with them she
go she's the oh my god just no I think
she's that way she's outside she's
running around she's running around J
that's fine wait for me you are you're
the needy friend I hurt my ankle you
carry me guys wait up
come on this isn't funny this isn't
funny anymore the name we always used to
when I was a kid me and my brother
make like Friday the 13th parody videos
throughout the house and the name that
we always call out like when you're
looking for your friend was Barbara for
some reason
all right so we'd run around like the
hallway in the house disco and Barbara
Barbara and then I would get killed I
don't know why Barbara but that was the
name we picked I like it Barbara Barbara
I don't think there's a character in any
of the Friday the 13th movies named
Barbara though I don't know why that was
the one we went with Living Dead
subconsciously peeking through maybe no
hear that music right he's got to be
close but he's not on your map at all
Jesus Christ
I was already in this place wasn't I
baby hey hey I got somewhere else
where'd that other person go there some
word your left where are they it must be
anything no there's been another out of
the house the ring oh god damn it I
think they started following you that
map on the bottom right is very handy
for stuff like that oh sure hey buddy
bets now hey buddy wait up good old spit
snaps that snaps spit snaps
Spetsnaz and by the way I forget if you
could killed while you're in a tent it's
a sleeping bag death oh great we did it
last year it was pretty awesome
yes that's that's probably the best kill
in any of the movies right unfortunately
it took Jason a long time to find us so
we were just hanging out of 10 you have
been playing for like half an hour you
have not had one close call with Jason
no I saw him kind of up the street a
little ways oh oh what's that someone's
dying or are season left that's the car
there hope there's someone there right
oh yeah
oh there's a couple people over here oh
she's she's wounded
oh what's this guy doing oh he's fixing
the phone he's nearby
where is he did you lose him well I'm
assuming teleported there because that's
her like multiple people he's still over
there I can't get her because he usually
hangs up typically if you're playing
Jason there's hot spots you know where
people are more likely to be oh sure
yeah by the car makes sense so how did
that billboard never listen to Jack have
you ever go through a window wait wait
wait he's over there he's over there oh
good let him kill him kill those people
hey I'm gonna go in the house and get my
stamina back up what it's the phone
fixed oh you idiot Oh turn off your
flashlight moron no that helps with fear
really yeah
I'm just open this chest to be ready hit
that step that one but Nikki oh no they
didn't fix it yet I can see it's right
what is this red thing that's the fuse
box for the phone for the phone box
you gotta fix the phone to call the
police listen oh yeah machete now jerk
well who's blaring the rock music you
can turn radios on it'll create noise it
might confuse Jason as to where you
actually are there is you didn't see the
TV get the fuck out of here that sounds
like a good idea
bye hey yes Jason is another player
yeah I'm assuming he's always another
player right yeah yes okay I'm just
gonna sit here and get my stamina back
up
oh yeah that's probably smart I haven't
had much stamina for a while though that
was exciting seen him walk by that was I
got a scene out of the movie oh shit
where to go I think it's chasing someone
else okay jeez Oh God
yeah J is playing you gonna you might
want to turn the flashlight on because
you accumulate fear I think just by
walking in the dark oh okay do you
eventually run out of batteries in your
flashlight oh okay well that's helpful
is he right behind me what the fuck
that's another good fine as they say he
is a red dot on the map if no yeah if
he's there yes sometimes it's not there
it might be related to like how much
noise Jason is making I'm not sure okay
oh it's locked
thank you go to the window but you've
been in that one before probably not if
it's locked at Fairleigh Evan someone
else probably was you might have locked
it someone else blocked it I'm sure with
no what I have locked it
oh this look at that door Stern out to
your left
like no down that hallway just look at
the door oh hey that's great
fantastic
yeah I'm gonna stand here and get my
stamina back do it if you get your
stamina back faster if you crouch
I got a fall now anyway yeah you know
what that is though if it comes up again
uh which one was it
I think it's the B the red one yes okay
that's how you sneak I saw you sneak you
can be sneaky if you want if you want
you can be sneaky you're not being
sneaky you're probably making some kind
of noise right I'm saying this is just a
hiding place yeah well Jays sneaking
around we'll get to some tips hang out
in here for a little while leery tips
I saw the verbage a while ago thinking
it was math nothing happened and it
wasn't scary but over time I found
myself thinking yes oh shit Shay hold my
breath yes I was singing back instead of
temporary cheap scares it had a lasting
impression that's the that's the whole
thing that's so much scarier to me oh
he's killing someone out there oh he's
coming isn't he this is great you lasted
a good long while yeah only four minutes
left you have a sleeping bag the right
color all tents are next to trees
perfect that's great okay oh you just
called the police great yeah it felt a
lot of good it did him the games get the
matches get a timeout before the oh sure
so yeah the verbage good atmosphere
instead of cheap scares that's the best
horror right you want something that's
gonna stick with you over the past
couple days I watched get out finally oh
yeah
also like like not the greatest horror
movie in the world but a really good
like uncomfortable feeling yes not like
the voltage well no no not like the
witch but it's good did you had you seen
the trailer forget out I had not okay
well that's a plus because the trailer
gives away everything I mean whole
goddamn movie would have been so great
to go in and kind of not know where it
was going I avoided spoilers this guy's
dead
what are you doing run Stalin for as
much time as he can sure oh yeah stay
alive for 2 minutes and 40 seconds you
can do it and then he'll he'll survive
by default oh really
that happens ok for 20 minutes mmm every
match is 20 minutes nice nice but like I
knew would get out I like I had assumed
what it was about there you know yeah
they did it they did a good job
I want to re-watch it oh no it's on VOD
yeah I liked it a lot oh yeah no it made
me think about I forget who I was having
this conversation with someone was
having a conversation with me about like
whether or not the the main character
needs to look like you in order to I'd
help identify with that character know
well or or know more so how much it
helps like huh and and I was I kept
thinking about get out and like I was in
it I was well it does a great job of
making you understand his point of view
exactly like I felt uncomfortable being
a black man in an all-white family yeah
I was there exactly and that's the thing
is like obviously I cannot relate to
that experience at all but the movie
made me understand that yeah absolutely
oh my god this guy's doing a good job of
just this guy's rely in his time he's
Pro
these are pro moves I identify with
Marlin from Finding Nemo and he's a
fucking fish well that's it just I just
watch this and I'm just having a
conversation with someone like oh how
important is it like somewhat maybe but
not it's not always it's not 100%
important right there's some degree sure
oh sure yeah it just depends on the
movie no I I also think like it can be
completely nullified with good
filmmaking yeah sure yeah as in the case
of get out absolutely oh my god 40
seconds what are you doing now if you
were were playing Jason would you know
that he wins by default
25 seconds yeah okay he doesn't get the
clock no okay
he gets a two-minute warning Jason gets
a two-minute warning okay it doesn't get
the clock no oh
interesting he doesn't give like the
clock to the police either oh I think I
think there's an audio cue that lets
them know that someone called them you
have five seconds dude do it nice job
but it says you died because of me right
right it's just reminding me you still
failed I should say you're still done if
there's Jason's Shack but you still did
captain molar says hello hello captain
molar Brown Adam Sandler says this is
the first frame I could catch since this
month's subscription I enjoyed Jack's
reaction to my name and validated my
decision to change my twitch name yeah
Brown Adam Sandler made me giggle I
don't know why so here's a tip for that
reaction well thank you Brown Adam
Sandling no Jason was terribly only got
three kills it's terrible
well one of them was Jay you said you
don't get the plays Jason very often in
our lives into the game yeah yeah and
how many times would you say you've
played Jason I've known a pheromone I'll
say I'll say 10 yeah but I've planted a
fair amount though I'm actually enjoying
this game yeah yeah you've said I know
people are wise words playing vanquish
yeah I kind of put that on the back
burner waiting for them to come out with
the patch for the double damage right
right I'll be banking again very shortly
because they just patched it oh good but
the main side of them playing a lot but
here's how it probably works out okay um
average probably two times a night and
that's what a lot of plan that's what
hours of playing yeah you get to be
Jason maybe twice I guess that seems
normal cuz like there's a couple what
like one night it was one time yeah I
got really liked it one night it was
like three times I think it's average
table - oh my lord
look at that that's me but again you
know that makes sense because of all the
people who want to be Jay everyone wants
this and that's all I want to be right
that's why they need to get the fucking
single player for this well I'm just
really surprised they don't have like an
offline practice arena mode because
Jason has all sorts of abilities and new
areas to do his abilities it's got
different kills all these different
kills exactly so just like a space to
practice when you're not online I'm
really shocked they don't have that they
have that for other online only like my
first time playing is Jason everybody
got away because I had no idea how to
play Jason I know idea what I was doing
mm-hmm well I didn't understand the how
the grab worked Jason's gonna grab you
can explain it to Jay how do you how do
you uh pick like which kill you're gonna
do at the in the moment it's one of
those four buttons yeah once you're
grabbing is it's once you're grabbing
somebody hold this okay they have to be
oh this could be you it could be yeah
Jason's you fuck yeah I bet to use your
powers
you hold this down kill them all okay
there you see that the triangle thing in
the bottom yes you know the red ones the
power you have now as time goes on
you'll get more if you hold down that
button I showed you and like that oh my
gosh okay okay okay so pick a spot where
you want to go and hit a the red icon is
gonna be like the car and I think the
other ones the boat yeah that's good by
the car it's morphin time
all right now that button I showed you
to hold down to use a power now hit the
bottom button while you're holding that
that'll be this your senses now look
around
does anything look bright red look
around there's somebody in that cabinet
ah okay how do I get rid of the snow do
the same thing you did again hold that
down and hit a rock you can swing and
break a window or you can hold down the
right trigger to break down the door oh
shit the right trigger the right trigger
laneway right that's what I'm doing no
right right oh all right what's done how
do I get in here they're going out the
window
you have to keep doing it through the
door breaks there on the other side use
your senses again oh shit okay rich Jays
good all right you got that one go you
guys settled him do it yeah so remember
hold down the right button hold it down
and then press a there you go oh yeah
I'll teleport to ya go back here yes god
damn it
there's more than two buttons I don't
know how this works that sounds they're
making head torch thumbs yeah yeah you
got it
go get them Jason my boy and you play as
as Pamela Voorhees no oh I saw someone
of that hair totally in their crazy they
were down break that just hold it down
till the doors gone I feel like just
hold it hold it hold it
oh okay he does it so fucking slow I
know he's just run away that's why you
got we're down there Sam you gotta make
them afraid oh oh how do you grab people
the left town they went out the window
okay so the left trigger is for grab
that's how you're gonna get your killer
you fuckhead oh she's horrible she's
fast
just like stunned me all right hold on
hold down that hold down your power
button and hit the blue button good the
blue button okay can I not use it again
now it has to cool down okay
that's the cool down but you're closer
you're closer like if somebody's running
away and they're getting further than
you that's how you make up for Jason's
slowness okay
it's actually more complicated playing
Jason that's interesting well but he's
very powerful so they have to balance
that
what's that radio I'll call the police I
think okay sand I have five minutes to
kill them kill them all Jason mommy use
your senses again oh come on join us I
smell a yes
J doesn't know video game mechanics
because no life at all right use your
red vision J does stuff with there's
someone well not that one I'm sorry I'm
bad the red version is that one there oh
sorry the red the vision that the now
look around see if you can see any red
no no I want to help him but I can't
backseat again I know yeah you its I'm
rooting for J it's really tough cuz like
but he'll get it he'll get it don't you
worry on the bright side all these
counselors are gonna have an easy round
oh yeah yeah my first time is Jason I
was so bad because I had absolutely zero
idea what I was doing
zero humberto Cabbage Patch Monsanto J
can you give us a good dougie Jones
hello that's the new twin peaks' okay
dougie Jones is my favorite talking
thing one of my favorite things that's
ever been on Twin Peaks okay
hi I'm really excited for Twin Peaks I'm
waiting for more goddamn good I'm
excited for it but there's nobody
anywhere okay there's some 100 there in
the house oh he's so slow could use your
evil dead
they're in there they're still in there
oh yeah you can get them you got a kill
at least one person I think that's
that's important to the stream that's
the window do something to make them
afraid that my regular stamina down well
oh shit
where's the cart go to your map no not
that alright you can see where it's
moving you can try and cut him off in
the past you know they're gonna be
headed self yeah oh there you go go
right here perfect I just get on the
road and walk into the car this is the
road right I don't know if they're
behind you or in front of you yeah did
they turn around look at your map those
bastards they might have the matter of
duped you I can't look at my map just
hit the select button alright another oh
there way there front of you there
Freddie there it is
there they were waiting for a friend
like an idiot oh they're so dick oh god
I got a flare in the brain press hey hey
oh they drove in you welcome to the drug
under the driver side and it hit that
green button hit that green button okay
now what I do uh just just hit those
four buttons on the pad oh fuck you guys
this is exciting
I can't do anything right now
no there's a stun lock dude waiting
teleport teleport again no fort again
which one's teleport Oh bitch be be
there you go they're gone
more people left there's more people
left four of them got gone oh no I'm in
the water what the fuck I'll die in the
water you're really fast in the water
that's weird mm-hmm
anonymous says the some totality of
Stargate sg-1 is better than any other
sci-fi you have seen before man I wonder
who wrote that I've been getting a lot
of Stargate requests who guys I'm a
Stargate but one particular person in
chat they are they just trolling you
then they wrote like really how long was
the email oh it was it was pages pages
pages like rich you need to watch
Stargate and here's why I don't want to
read that it's a frickin pages and pages
about a show I don't I'm not interested
in and then they yelled at me because I
didn't forward it to rich because I know
he didn't want to read it yeah and so
then they they wrote it out and they
sent it in the mail like the physical
mail I still didn't read it this is
someone messing with you now I hope so
now it is hopefully Jay what do you
think of the recently canceled Friday
the 13th movie probably for the best
they'd fuck it up they've been they
would give the given movie to these
people that made this game they clearly
have a love for the franchise you know
the reason for not for canceling the
movie they were gonna start shooting it
later this year they cancelled it
because rings did poorly at the box
office so they're like oh people don't
want horror reboots now it's like no
people just don't want shitty movies
reboots can still work just make it you
know just make people like at this point
Jason's been to space you know Freddy
vs. Jason happen yeah
the remake actually got it right I know
people don't like any of those Platinum
Dunes remakes but that one got it right
and that it just feels like another
dumbass Jason movie that you can you can
turn the power off in the area by
hitting that box
nice all right nice Jason yeah we could
we need Jason like on a mountaintop no
we just need a back to basics simple
Jason movie actually what we need is
just no more like any all these slasher
franchises once they got out of the 80s
they all started to suck almost every
one of them except for Chucky the Chucky
movies are still running strong and
they're still good really yeah well now
they're just doing direct-to-video ones
there's less risk on universals part
yeah and they just go direct to the the
fan base curse of chucky came out a
couple years ago and it was wonderful is
who's the lady that voices Bride of
Chucky she's Jennifer Tilly yep she's
still involved there's one new one
coming out later this year really yep
god bless jennifer Tilly event oh she's
a she's a sport in those movies
especially uh you probably didn't see
seed of Chucky did you that one's just a
straight-up comedy a lot of people don't
like it I think it's wonderful because
it's so weird and subversive like I've
seen a ton of those movies I don't know
if I've seen that's the one where they
got a kid it's like a like a marital
drama with Chucky and Tiffany and they
have this kid that doesn't that has like
gender identity issues
it's so fucking great because he's a
doll so he doesn't have you know
genitals so he doesn't know and his name
is Glen but he uh but he might want to
be a woman and as a woman he wants to be
called Glenda which is like a Edward
reference it's fucking great and the end
and Chucky and Tiffany they uh they're
going to like like like a a but it's for
killing or it's like they have a killing
addiction and John Waters isn't it of
course I like that movie everybody hates
it just cuz it's so goofy and all like
it's not a horror movie anymore but it's
completely absurd and it was in movie
theaters which is the most amazing part
you you were causing people on the chat
to download that movie right now so
congratulations you're ruining
everyone's evening there's one really
shitty dated it's like Britney Spears
joke that kind of sucks sure but I blew
my opportunity is Jason here how you
really did if if another Jason comes up
I might want to grab the controller from
you again because I have yet to play as
Jason okay if it happens again it's all
yours thank you maybe I'll play one more
round and then someone else can take
over all right cool
do we want to play with the chat at any
point let's hold off for a second
because we have a pro we've we tried to
play that other game with chat and they
could see where we were yeah and they
kind of ruined it presumption is
presumption yes I am presuming and I am
presume incorrectly this mic doesn't
like to stay in place
oh it needs to be tightened yeah I
tighten it and then it just it's very
slowly but it basically these mics are
fucking have you mean that's true that
is a big part of it
mics are heavy also with the Chucky
movies John's written by the same guy
entire series has had a consistent
creative input that makes me like which
which has and which is really weird when
you see how different they all are like
you look at the first one that you look
at see too Chucky which is a marital
drama well at that point he's got to
just be like what can I get away with
exactly how can I keep this fresh for me
yeah yeah yeah
Higgins Haven
okay you are not Jason
that's not your Jason no this is part
three Jason
oh you're hipster now you're super
hipster let's see he will anonymous says
how are you guys with daily routines one
little thing changed in mind and it all
went to shit
I'm completely disorganized I'm nodding
my head you gotta the camera's not on me
I'm nodding my head I'm very much thank
you Jay for doing that for me I get
upset if there is a routine you're a
madman I love my routine it's it's hard
to have a routine when you're doing
different things all the time but I try
to have a general at least like a
morning routine yeah oh I'm a pretty
organized person probably too much so
like my routine involves change but like
usually I have set blocks where I say
okay this is my block where I'm going to
be doing some sort of editing this is oh
sure yeah I'm going to be doing some
sort of other work that work can change
day to day but usually I try to block oh
my God look at his face he was really
upset what's wrong with your face well I
didn't want to say that oh yeah I was
just gonna make me hide yeah but maybe
I'd open it there'd be a dead body or
something look something fun maybe one
day maybe one day anonymous says I've
watched some good and bad B movies but
with commentary from the guys from mst3k
about their trap yeah
that's pretty awesome anyway what
RiffTrax they've been listening to
RiffTrax baby movie RIF traps does this
count as having seen the movies or
should I see them again without it what
the fuck you're hearing other players
Wow
there must be they must be close to you
machete I want that instead that's
probably better than a bear trap right
you guys set the bear trap and then just
walk away and then come back to the
machine oh yeah it's a bear trap like a
further door ah but you can also you can
also accidentally step into it yeah
that's what I would do
you're probably not gonna be going
through the door yeah well it's Jason
could set traps too
Oh Kenny that's funny I say enjoy the
bad movie however you want to and if you
enjoy it while listening to RiffTrax
that's how you enjoy it yes it still
counts to seeing the movie No please
arrive we're great someone called the
police oh my god oh my god that scared
the shit out of where am I going
yeah that person I don't have a map
either do I you don't have anything no I
got a machete oh well there you go you
got that this isn't the weight of the
thing yeah you got a that could this
looks like a road that's a road yeah you
gotta you got five full minutes that's
true the cops show up yeah you might
want to do some more foraging yeah yeah
not scared I didn't see her booty first
if I would have signed the booty I would
have said yeah we got a friend I just
saw movement behind us and I thought it
was Jason who there's a barn yep like a
part three barn
Jason ain't got that booty that's the
thing I just said yeah Jason ain't got
that booty but you know it's also true
he's he's he's skips leg day Jason this
upper body he's all upper body this ass
is probably bony right you seen his back
yeah yeah oh yeah this we got a full-on
barn nice heavy a pitchfork or something
in here right of course I never like jet
the skeleton back from post seven Jason
no no I think it's cool I don't want a
piece of wood just be how about just a
piece of wood man as far as like pre
zombie Jason I probably like part I must
say for the best
but posts knobby Jason the the exposed
like backbone and all that I think it's
great you can't have a muscular guy who
was also all bones fucking contradiction
she's magical that's true
deal with the magic I like this but
visually the exposed bones meet I'm
sorry that that breaks the illusion for
you the shame every violin kill got cut
out of that movie you were here for that
when we did on my birthday when we
watched him alright
yeah yeah and that was the one where
like a kill was about to happen or was
like uh uh and then right when the
killings cut away and we all went ah
every single every time that's part
seven that's the library fight scary
basically yeah which is a fun concept
they had a special effects guy directing
the movie he's going to design the
looking for Jason in it but just the
MPAA just butcher that movie and then
you look at like shit you can get away
with on TV now and like it's so like the
movie was so tainted comparison on basic
cable not even HBO we're talking about
oh yeah the fucking Fargo gets away with
more shit than that yeah it's a
different arrow he's right over there do
you see is the red dot on it oh yeah oh
he's gone now or he's not doing he's not
doing this fast walk I think that's what
makes me show up on the radar okay is
there and we probably probably talked
about this when we did your birthday
thing thought did you uh is there a
version with the kills or they're just
somewhere in a there's on the DVD and
probably on the blu-ray there's like
work print footage like really shitty
like third-generation VHS stuff but
there's no it's the material doesn't
exist anymore to like restore it sure
that no one would have thought to
archive that yeah they didn't save that
stuff back then so what she just lost to
time yeah it's really unfortunate
because there's some pretty good stuff
because that's the the one with the
sleeping bag kill and in the original
cut he earned the movie the theatrical
cut he smacks her once and then she's
dead yeah but in the the original cut he
smacks her like five six seven times and
the bag is just
I'm bloody pulp oh man how upsetting I I
do not now that you've mentioned that I
remember and there was a big enough
group of us at that time where we were
all psyched for each kill yeah
oh man then I think after that we scare
stamina is gone yeah me crouched oh yeah
it does grow back slightly faster good
that guy is worried he is worried about
so many things
okay man okay man okay man yeah I think
after we watched part seven we skipped
ahead to Freddy vs. Jason is like I'm
not watching Jason Takes Manhattan
it's I I kind of like it just I have a
fondness for it but it's it's a bad
movie but that's like I think maybe the
first one I ever saw oh yeah and the
concept is Jason Takes Manhattan like
that's great but he spends 90% of the
movie on a boat no well somehow they get
from Crystal Lake they get from a lake
in the Midwest and they take a giant
boat and it ends up in New York City
somehow the channel system in the Great
Lakes Jim do you have a map no I have no
idea where I'm at I want to find that
road but right yeah you need to find the
exit because the cops are here
Robin please wait wait there's a thing
there there's a follow the people the
people probably over there going those
people south you this Shelley's past
that oh wait I'm going the wrong way
them then there might be a map in that
billboard over there
Oh is there a billboard yo the bloody
are left there oh yeah don't go to
Shelley's past tell ya that reference
part 3
apparently the Shelley is the the
character that Jason actually gets the
hockey mask from in part 3 okay and a
pet that guy that actor he's like a
lawyer or something now like an
entertainment lawyer but he has an
account set up and he plays this game so
you could end up actually playing with
the guy that gave Jason hockey masks and
part three just got a fun need to go oh
yeah I got a map now how do I access it
figure this out so I don't have to keep
hitting for you a little but the little
button next to the big little
okay they go wrong it's north okay it's
up where that red yeah yeah I totally
steered you wrong - I am oh yeah but now
all the other blips are heading that way
although all the white arrows are
heading in that direction now so you did
want to go to Shelly's pass I did do J
you're your Friday the 13th instincts
they kicked in it kicked in all right
let's see here can be for crows says hey
J I was all ready to argue with you
about the void oh yeah I didn't much
care for the void okay but I thought
split sucked so it's almost like we can
have different opinions also jack is
dumb and wrong about moonlight by the
way have you seen moonlight yet no okay
I need to watch that I know you don't
care much for it it's and it's I don't
think it's bad I just think it's kind of
man yeah you know like I don't have
damning criticism of it that's kind of
why I haven't gotten her on the scenic
because it seems like it no he's in
front of you still Oh Jason maybe oh
there is that's my stamina
does he see you he might see you
definitely but but you know what you
might be able to smack them and then run
yeah okay.
All right. You can do this, Jay, you can do this.
I believe in you run run
just run just run nice fuck oh shit what
happened he's behind me my body no no
you got he did me or something no you
got scared by the body in there
oh yeah that's bullshit oh so close
oh and then I went into the tree oh we
might have been an error Oh nerd girl
yes you could take it there now if you
there girl is adorable I agree she looks
like the girl with the inhaler from
Nightmare on Elm Street for oh is that
because they're dead they sound echo II
I'm not sure I think I just got a shitty
mic oh that could be what else we got
Tommy
oh he just leave and started to match we
want the music you every time because
Jason's nearby I gotta fix this control
I can't fix it yet
oh good old captain Cole alright let's
see if these guys can make it I think
this might be like death death echo it's
very strange
it's very very who's talking mute
everybody well because we start an
actual match we're gonna want to hear
people you're gonna want to hear people
area I'll uh need a minute
oh no not Tommy come on shoot him or run
no I think it's too late once he's doing
the kill animation oh sure yeah then you
just gotta run then you just haven't
seen split yet but I know splits on
video on demand now so I'm really
excited to see that
I like sprint a lot captain crook is the
one we need yeah that's mute fuck fuck
that's much better well when we go into
our next match we'll see who were with
them and I will unmute up there Jason
the cops shooting Jason if he gets too
close to the exit when the cops are
around oh nice nice that's great this is
a wonderful game I've only played it a
little bit but I enjoy it I got I met
him you know I'm not even a multiplayer
guy I like this I'm having fun with this
it's getting old honest shit this game I
don't get it I mean I'm not a big video
game guy so it's hard for me to say
completely but that's the story of my
video game life the public like
something I hated just as a Friday the
13th fan like this captures the spirit
of it really well
oh well and like just in general horror
like you get freaked out when you see
that part when I saw it at the end of
the the the building there when he just
wouldn't walk past as I goo that was a
perfect little horror moment that was
great agreed how much is this game
though arguably too much I think it's 40
yeah was that maybe why people are angry
just the price compared to some of the
glitches not sure hmm and well that's
the like it it did have a lot of it they
patch the hole you should have said that
we we were looking they just had an
update today and the patch sheet was
like a foot long Oh God I don't think
this is made by a huge studio though
this game is fucking kick-started right
right I don't know what their budget was
like wow I don't know neither my
settings here input 60 if you buy the
disk physical why would you do that yeah
that's true counselor download it I
don't like having hard copies of games
yeah that I own but this is a
multiplayer game right yeah you need the
internet anyway and the single-player
portion virtue of it being added later
still won't be on the disk right okay
here we go
we are ready whoo-hoo someone's got the
Jason the the hell Jason skin ooh the
Tom Savini designed Jason
oh I hope he's Jason just cuz I want to
see that yeah here we go
Chad it's been a while since I've played
dead by Dale I'm just a one stream once
yeah this feels different to me do you
think that's just because of Jason or no
I just the way place yeah yeah so it's
been a long time since I played dead by
deal I only play that that ones yeah
yeah what are we waiting for waiting for
oh we're waiting for players it says it
right there never mind never mind great
great what was your hey what was your
problem to Voight again I remember I
remember you talking about that before
uh just really uninteresting story and
characters okay some wonderful visuals
there's lots of practical like creature
effects and stuff which is great and
that was the big selling point of void
right yeah that was that was their whole
thing because we gonna make like the
thing type movie sure lots of practical
monster south yeah we know what stuff
looks fine but just no characters to
give a shit about gotcha
what's the last one you read maybe this
avoid one maybe the void one it's true
sexless panhandler says they shouldn't
make a game like this for the thing the
bad guy takes the form of other players
as he kills them uh-oh let me good Oh
and then you have to like figure out
like if it's your friend or if it's the
thing I like it probably there should be
like multiple things though the thing
isn't just one creature well maybe if
you take over someone else like they
they turn into no I know game developer
if it takes him doing there was a thing
video game for like PlayStation or
something wasn't there oh yeah like ps2
okay it's to era there was a thing video
game they just fought like generic
monsters though I didn't play it that
seems like it might be a hard one to it
mitten probably got now but back then
to make a video game out of naira messes
hey J don't know if it was already
recommended you but if not check out the
soundtrack from the game fury features
music by carpenter brut toxic avenger
wave shaper and others holy moly
ok wave I have a family that soundtrack
is probably showed up on a Spotify
playlist I've listened to at least once
yeah fury fury if you are I okay rich
Evans says hey guys this is my first tip
of many more to come
wanted to know DJ's thoughts on old boy
original and other Korean films in
general like I saw the devil and the
chaser fury original subject um I love
old boy I'm downloading this fury
soundtrack right now I like old boy a
lot I like the other kind of revenge
movies made by that guy like sympathy
sympathy for mr. vengeance and Lady
vengeance
those are good what was the other one
you mentioned for which for the there
was another movie that you mentioned
well I haven't seen I saw the devil
that's what I've been meaning to I saw
the devil and the chaser I'm not seeing
the chaser okay but I like the the the
revenge
movies old boys my favorite sorry you
said you mentioned the fury soundtrack
and I said you're talking alone what
other bands did he mention
yeah I went through a little period
where I was watching a lot of those
Korean like revenge violent revenge
movies but that was like a decade ago so
I need to get back to that there are
some good ones Jeff Fox is so rich Jack
and Jay oh I'm a dirty cheater I'm a
dirty dirty cheats Eve this one town a
dirty cheater filthy disgusting dirty
cheater I'm a cheater I'm a cheater
dirty dirty dirty cheater unclean
unclean Wow Oh first of all you need to
learn how to forgive yourself know
they're a dirty cheater they go fuck
themselves that's fine ruin it for
everyone else that's true well cheaters
oh wait what from gasps what
they ruin oh no they cheated at
something
oh well don't do that ah well there you
go you heard it here first that's my
advice
just don't do that just stop Oh William
Meister says radioing in Tommy Jarvis
huh a player who has died or escaped
comes back and they play as Tommy Jarvis
okay yeah nice alright great we got
Tommy you get points for doing that
fucking better alright how's that the
gas can so you want to find a map oh you
got the car right in front yeah I got
the car right there put gas in the car
oh fuck
does that car does it have a key already
no I don't know why it's grayed out it's
always like that oh shit what's the
problem it's it's a like a mini game
here and you have to press the right
button Oh wrong button and it's taking
you longer
I don't want yep Jason's gonna show up
and kill you I fucking know it
no my sister says hello fire safety
George McFly and Susan any chance we'll
see Forbidden Zone on review or best of
the worst it's one of my favorite cult
films and it's ripe for exposure uh yes
probably I was talking to Josh about
doing that at one point you know we'll
probably do that
uh it was originally released in
black-and-white it was made by the the
band Wingo Boingo Herve Villechaize
isn't it tattoo from Fantasy Island yeah
yeah it's it's very surreal visually
like all the sets are built out of just
like giant sheets of paper with
backgrounds drawn on them Danny Elfman
plays Satan at one point we watched it
the old old studio Jack you were there
and you hated it oh you remember that oh
I fucking remember that you you assholes
loved that game yeah you and Mike didn't
like it and mean Josh you've already
seen it but yes
or maybe you don't even remember what
your problem was with it was it's been
so long
no it was just artsy fartsy bullshitter
II know exact opposite this angle Boingo
doing an Engel Boingo thing yeah I was
speaking of forbidden zone for the
person that asked that they'll get this
for whatever reason I had one of the
chicken boy scenes in my head the other
day the scene with Joe spinel when
chicken boys mom is with Joe spinel the
Sailor and she's like do you want to see
him do you want to see chicken boy I
don't know why that scene was in my head
did get bored I think he's waiting for
me to go out the front door I think he's
still like fuckin around with me and if
I sneak I don't think he can hear me
nothing very slowly of course this is
the risk/reward rich fuck I mean you
found me you found me you found me you
found me you found me let's go you got a
house you got another house oh good team
team team power there's someone else in
the house you can do that don't mind me
you have the windows closed and you're
running you just jump through it that's
great yeah yeah and now she has like a
fucked up face you got a you got a hell
spray that's right does that make your
scars go away it does yeah that's not
very believable
well fuck off
nope nope no but I wanted to set the
bear trap you too close to the door I
thought sure
oh right trigger is like the weapon
button that puts it down and then whole
day to set it
that's not very close to the door he's
just gonna walk right past that no I'll
bait him I'll bait him over here alright
no where's my did leave us alone
keep it waiting for you Justin I know
see and this is what makes it a good
game like that he's out there somewhere
and oh yes here is here is you don't
make it too obvious without doing run
over like that way shit shit
see I'm pretending to be very convincing
I'm pretending to be panicked oh my god
the jumping through the window is great
I can't believe that but Jason's not
very bright anonymous says evening guys
that was one that was my match dress
thank you credit thank you alright sorry
no that's fine madam says evening are
any of you familiar with the low budget
high contrast glory of the Tetsuo the
Iron Man series or works by SHINee uh oh
she's tsukamoto I'm gonna assume that
riches as well as a whole curious your
thoughts thanks in general look I did
the Tetsuo the Iron Man has been on my
list of movies deceive for like ten
years and I just haven't watched it yet
I'm curious what the heck is it it's
like a weird body horror thing I don't
know a whole lot about it say that's
that name sounds incredibly familiar
it's it's a pretty famous like cult
movie okay um I've for whatever reason
I've never gotten around to watching it
and then there's a sequel tattoo of the
bullet man but I've not seen either
there might be more I don't know those
are the two aren't aware of is anybody
making any progress with the car how can
you tell right there
you're the only one who's done jack shit
well I'm honestly only one who's done
jack fill the gas tank and I called
Tommy John where's Tommy Jarvis also
where's Tommy Jarvis
the baseball bat I think has the
greatest chance for a knockdown sure I'd
like a machete does more damage but
that's not gonna do you much good it's
good to be in battle stance right yes
yeah okay all right I'm remembering shit
god there's nothing well I got a
baseball bat I guess that's something
all right
well we'll keep moving then just keep
exploring kill that time right
does this have a time no hold me when we
get close I presume maybe the halfway
mark that's fine you know what that's
fine I feel like I'm feeling pretty good
so far I've survived I bet that Jason is
feeling pretty stupid because he fell
into my trap
you basically won the game I mean you
know I made Jason feel stupid so I got
that going for me now this place is
eluded if I don't think I've been in
here before other people I know I know
well that I'm trying to figure out
whether it's looting or other people
where are they they're over there okay I
meant goodbye that boat
maybe that boat has something for me
nice if you can find some gas first
boat needs gas and a propeller right
we'll see what we can find you know I
wonder how the game developers decided
how to design Camp Crystal Lake
considering that every movie is shot
it's like a different camp and so
there's no continuity as far as the look
of everything and where the cabins are
located and everything there's actually
different maps in this game it's
ammonium it's not the same one visiting
a few different ones oh okay what were
they carrying this could be good
actually an axe you know are there are
some of the maps like not even at the
camp but some of the movies aren't at
the camp they're all the camp I think
that's their answer to how do you
address the fact that it's been
indifferent in every film yeah okay
oh sure well and they're probably less
worried about being like as far as the
map they're probably less worried about
being authentic to the movie and more
just making it an interesting area for
sure yes yeah I don't think he could be
authentic to the movie they don't have
much of a sense of geography
there's some cabins and there's some
wood woods like I don't know where
anything is right
I'm not definitely with the propeller
you're heading towards the boat wait
wait wait do you have the walkie-talkie
no you don't know no cuz then you oh
yeah okay he's not allowed he dropped
the propeller
I know I know I just is so like but in
front of this house I'm going to set the
trap so then if I run into shit I know I
can go back to this house I wish I could
put a marker on this house okay pick up
the propeller don't step in my trap
that's number one I just got killed or
they're partying right oh oh boat this
way sonic mousetrap says finally watch
the Twin Peaks pilot and I'd like to
thank Jay for finally getting me
interested Wow am I supposed to think
Cooper is an escaped mental patient or
is that just the Lynch thing that's just
Cooper he's just a very chipper man he's
chipper T loves Twin Peaks he's always
been authentically chipper yes there's
no there's no there's no irony with
Cooper oh if only he hadn't wasted that
gas on the car oh that Jack you just
said I can find more gas
but here's here's what's but what might
happen if you can find a walkie-talkie
yeah we can use the radio talk to other
players see if anybody has the gas hmm
let me just look around here maybe
there's gas might there might be I'm
just getting in I have to head towards
another house just to lose I'm just
saying if you if you find a
walkie-talkie keep that in mind yeah
okay well and they can they can go to
this map and see that I installed the
propeller if they have a map
oh yeah no they'll see the checklist
though yeah I'll get the checklist yes
okay and still I'm the only one I'm pull
your weight people boring girl is doing
all the work over here boring girl is
final girl
apparently I think she's gonna be okay a
barn the worst-case scenario is somebody
had the gas and they got killed in the
middle of the woods and they cannot
communicate with ya in the middle of the
woods right I'm hoping there might be
some gas in this here old barn if I can
get in there can I get can I not get in
there there's gotta be a way to get in
there no shit well fuck me then Mike
what the thing here if you can't get in
it right there's a way in the bar I've
been in the barn well this is a
different thing then you're on the back
of barn go the further bar front of the
barn is a waterfront are you kidding
yeah huh I'm not kidding oh that's not
on the map this is some kind of that's
not gonna look actual boundary that's
right invisible oh right
oh it's bullshit what you still bullshit
you can't make a building at an
invisible boundary yeah I'll agree I'll
agree game-breaking zero out of ten
refund money
Wow a there fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
fuck fuck fuck fuck oh he's just
standing back there that was creepy that
was creepy he's waiting he's waiting for
me to to run out of the stop and I just
remember he's slow you can outrun his
ass but he can teleport you see the
screen jitter what he does that though
okay so you know to run when you see the
jitter Oh
like now yes but you have no stamina
which is why he just stood there
yeah just why you want to get like a
little bit ahead wait till they catch up
and then go flipping out nope nope nope
ah damn it just look at her face she's
missing her head oh well yeah damn it
anything I do that's true that's true
and I feel good about that is anyone
else left alive you'll find out a sign
no oh I was also the last one alive so
yeah he just just had me yeah okay I'll
take Jack no that was finding solace
that was fine considering everyone
else's fucking useless yes God thank you
invisible string says Jay do you know
anything about the 2017 film the evil
within the movie is fun garbage oh yes I
watched it recently but the production
history is amazing it was directed by a
wealthy recluse who used his own mansion
as a set yes
yeah I was made by this guy he's like a
part of a a wealthy family they're like
oil tycoons or something yeah and he
spent years and years and years making
this movie like slowly filming it and
American or yeah American and then I
want to say he died before it was
completely finished or right after it
was finished there's a hole you can find
articles about it the evil within and
the main character is mentally
challenged and the performance is so
like laughably wrong
it'sit'sit's it has some amazing visuals
coupled with like the room type terrible
dialogue and acting it is it is
interesting yeah it's it's worth check
it out he said that would figure but yes
yes interesting especially especially if
you know some of the backstory of it
find some articles read up on it and
there's some legitimately like beautiful
like horror imagery and just surreal
imagery because he spent years like
that's the stuff he was working on was
all these visual effects but yeah just
some of the dialogue you're like what
the hell are you thinking yeah it's it's
it's crazy
that sounds great it's a cult classic
potential it just came out so I'll say
but yeah yeah the director died two
years before the film awards yes that's
sad oh wait I want to say halfway could
cope yeah well this was the last guy to
but this could be me know your hipster
man wah wah hipster my rom says I am
right by a car
that's what 9mm says remember that that
car is like a fucking honey to Jason I
know if there's a possibility you gotta
take I know I know
oh yes hello yes wait is there a boat
hit the star is there a boat I'm sure
that well they might be about let's hold
on let's get the lay of the land
no no boat but you'd need it for a car
too right yeah yeah
okay so we got boats easier to find the
pieces two propeller and the gas the car
use the battery and the gas sure and
then you need to start the gap boat is
easier okay oh shit he's around here I
heard someone scream oh there he is
right there right there oh man I love
that you can just watch him do his thing
he doesn't see it it's like a horror
movie how do I drop ship what do you
would drop the gas yeah hold on
I'll do it for you just stop okay
yeah all right I'm just gonna remember
that it's there yeah you don't want to
try putting that in with him right there
no you don't but I know where it is so I
can always go back for it so if I find
another piece all right we need like a
radio to try and work with people
already I press the button yeah I left
the gas can by the next building the
building to the right of this building
great teamwork oh here wait check that
draw those he was he was in here first I
let him have it wasn't that drawer he
must have a bear trap you and your bear
traps did it work
yes it did welcome if you got it if you
got a mad strategy you got to keep it
the man Stratton I hear ya and we know
he's around here unless he teleported
away oh don't
he took my cast can I guess I did you
told him where I was well I was I guess
I should have been more specific
oh you got the battery she's got over
here but you can't communicate what is
she going where's she going to that
battery follow her she goes she's going
to the other car she's going to the
other car well he still had the gas that
dickhead took the gas I'm sorry well
there's more cabins there's no cabins we
got this
we got this night Rahm says lock it up
what is your guys most dreaded house
chore slash work trash DISA dishes etc
and what's the most convoluted way you
avoided it in the past if at all
I fucking hate mowing the lawn I hate it
really I have a tiny tiny ass lawn and
it maybe takes me 10 minutes like to get
out the lawnmower and everything and I
hate it every single time on yeah
sighing yeah I said fuck all of that
fresh just made you get a refreshing
walk well you know what trash you're
you're removing stinky things from your
house what when the lawn is dumb I
really have a dreaded one me I mean I
guess my least favorite is probably
doing the dishes but yeah you just don't
let him get backed up and it's fine it's
harder for you because you've got you
know no house full of people
oh yeah when I do the dishes it's an
event yeah I don't like dishes yeah
that's my least favorite I think laundry
cut sucks
I don't mind laundry yeah I think you
throw it in you forget about it for an
hour or whatever yeah laundry you can
handle its when it's done I guess it's
kind of the pain like folding dinner hey
I get it yeah that's you can't you can't
divorce that from the laundry that's
true I'm still okay with it folding and
putting away still okay with it all all
the laundry shenanigans okay what is the
update to this car situation it has gas
no key no all that bit II took the
battery no you're gonna be slowed down
was that the one that you set up oh okay
that would have been great but it was
right back there
oh good good comedy hairs you know what
Shearer watch they put it there that
mangled body she watched me put it there
she deserved that Oh nope
I see that but that's like there's a
part an alien covenant we didn't mention
this in the review but in the trailer
you see the back burster it's like the
cheque chest burster but it comes out
the back okay and so that happens and
like this medical room and then there's
blood everywhere and there's a little
creature running around one character
comes in the room and immediately slips
on the blood and falls over and then
like five seconds later another
character comes in and also slips on the
blood and falls over she's hitting you
you just can't win the lamest way yeah
you got to do the grab kills right I'm
so pissed at these people for taking my
mad strats and I guess it's my fault I
should have known to go in the window
always always go in windows always be
going in windows a B G W maybe GIW
always be going in windows right that's
what my mom always told me growing up
evil Lord David says hey guys David here
nice to see you Jay you're still very
handsome what horror movie monster or
slasher would you guys consider to be
the scariest to you personally the thing
things pretty scary the entire concept
of the thing is scary
the it follows creature or entity or
whatever you want to call it that's
pretty creepy to me
I mean can I just say fucking anything
anything that is trying to actively
murder me
adjacent is the easiest to deal with
Jason yeah yeah I slow I mean he does
teleport I guess but he's unrelenting at
least for the first few movies he was
just a guy right yeah but in a in a
situation like this where you don't have
a cell phone you're in the woods I
wouldn't want that either just going in
one direction I'm gonna get tired
eventually Jason does not on relenting
Oh zombies slow zombies that's annoying
fucking anything anything that is
murdering me is super scary my friend no
she's she's trapped on Jason I don't and
the random tripping I love the random
tripping is great it's perfect oh we got
a car battery boot him oh you got your
dead yeah I sacrificed myself so he
would spend time killing me and my
friends could live on you're welcome
friends that was the one that step in
your bear trap she saw me put it down
that is her fault I am NOT gonna feel
guilty when she eventually dies how
about you stepping on my cord bud thank
you thank you Betty got plate says plate
there's a prequel to order of the Black
Eagle made one year earlier called
unmasking the idol with Duncan Jack's
and the baboon yep we know about we have
a copy of that oh we do we do next time
we do a sequel episode maybe oh wait oh
they have the keys to we so have to
another Neil Breen film yes
so need that yes who's thought is Mike
the only holdout huh
what is Mike the only holdout I'm just
doing another Breen film no he's not
anymore oh oh okay oh great no I don't
know if he was I guess maybe I mean I
was a holdout you were yeah yeah I bet
it was both you and Mike wired away I
might have been a bigger holdout oh oh
well then great we got it oh this is
only a two-seater yep Oh God yep that's
why she ran to the other car that's
amazing
that's great bye bye this is a great
group Oh God there is no what they doing
they don't want in the wrong way they
don't want to pick attractive because he
can always they want to make sure like
they got until he vanishes this guy's
just shitty at driving also well I'm
sure the cars are probably hard to drive
to this idiot take a direction they're
on the wrong side of the road a cop's
gonna pull him over
do you know why I pulled you over today
I'm Jason kills the cop extra kiss
I don't think Jason's going for him yeah
Oh where is Jason
you lazy Jason look oh they got away
what do you mean what happened in that
area
that's a little nein nope I know
that's only because you're switching oh
my god no I'm but I'm saying it with
every camera switch we get a new you
know only one Jason's nearby yes right
and that's annoying why are you
switching around like a spaz because I
wanted I want to edit this is me live
live switching alright we're gonna cut
the camera too and now a great camera
choose a great AOL can't recruits a
great angle here comes Jason cut to
camera one go this is this is eSports
spectating up she's dead oh yeah over
here comes look at him look at him oh
that's great I'm gonna get you and I
believe Kane Hodder did the motion
capture for this yeah you played Jason
and like four of the movies oh she
couldn't get in the window oh why do you
even bother with that teleport Jason why
would you waste your hold on oh shit
another private knife
oh wait oh look at that man strat it's
gonna save her life because I put a bear
trap there you're welcome guys it's fun
look at this ready and they see it oh
yes they see it - ready you missed that
when you were in there apparently and
blind tangle nope
what's that he he psyched them out he
you can teleport inside the house yes no
he probably did the Evil Dead zoom into
the house which means he wouldn't
trigger the trap but now yes now
oh he walked around it that dickhead
yeah oh you're mad strats my mad
strategies well you know it didn't work
for me because I'm dead but active one
exercies Susan I love you do me like I'm
in a cannon film no oh ooh sorry Tommy
no guts yeah and a little just this
idiot look like a bloody leg look at
that face that's hilarious
the black guy has the best scared face
yeah I agreed because he knows he's
gonna be the first to die all these
movies okay where did that start that
the idea that that's the the standard in
these movies cuz I don't think it's
really true I've seen a lot of 80
slasher movies it's very very rare for
the black guy to die first but that's
like the trope that people use for
comedy purposes oh and I'm not sure why
it started that's a good question
was that was that a remnant of scary
movie
well scary movie came well after all the
80 slash or Ovie's right but I'm trying
to remember the first time I ever heard
someone say the black guy dies first no
I remember hearing that years years
before scary movies I don't know I yeah
I don't know where that kind of
originated the shock is saying scream
started the trope in Reverse so it
sounds like they said it was a thing and
then it became a thing I think I heard
about it long before scream I read the
things I don't even don't even mention
that scream that troupe I don't think
they do don't recall I don't think they
do please my tip look I got 97,000 tips
people still not get that a we go
through this every single straight if
you're new we we try to have a little as
we're having a little discussion here
about the black guy dying first we try
to have a natural conversation and we
get to your tips and want one sentence
answers from here on out
apparently cold and detached with no
emotion yeah yes or no questions only we
will answer with either a yes or no or I
don't know
different camps I'm gonna give this one
more go and then I will I will give up
the controller all right i I've been
doing this game I'll tell you what it's
yeah that's fun ki ki ki ma ma ma mo ki
b85 says hi Wreckers okay is this Friday
the 13th game Rich's gateway drug for
MMO games this isn't an MMO it's not a
massively yeah multiplayer it's just a
multiplayer game and this will be a
brief distraction and I'll be done with
it this minute
you know what like we got this now we
got rocket League I think we are slowly
inching rich closer I'm never gonna be
like that's what I look for that's not
gonna be made is DC Universe Online
actually going to happen nope
anonymous says oh yeah girl okay you
could just select her as your girl if
you want when I buy this game I will
level a team jack okay so ways to go so
what he's saying is I got a grind I'm
saying you got a grind
okay madam so does last weekend I
managed to get a date with this cute
girl at work I went to her house and
brought my copy of space cop which we
watched now she refuses to talk to me
seems totally risen this is your fault
yeah what did I do wrong what you
brought a copy of space Cobb it's you
know what it's your horrible personality
your looks all right you know like like
six but it's your personality
whoa yeah do you think it would have
gone even worse if he hadn't brought
space cop if you think that kind of
bunny space cop put it and put it over
the edge because what happened was she
saw your horrible taste in movies well
space cop that's not a first date kind
of movie that's that's a that's a we're
in or we're in a long-term relationship
and I know you're not going to leave me
type of movie that's a like we're
together I gotta tell you about this
eventually yeah here we go yeah I own a
copy of Space Ghost red letter media
I that that's a that's a at least four
month six-month relationship level what
is that it was like a twig
all right well I got you know what I got
twig and that's more than I had better
than nothin yep I'm head down here I
don't think I've been to the boathouse
God fought a 42 god it's posting a link
to a Kickstarter for a board game
version of hand of fate I I saw that
they are they are making a board game
version of hand of fate and you know
what I can't ieave talked about this
before my my board game addiction has go
pipe has gone too far
I still haven't played all the other
board games I've kick-started and there
who bat and there's more board games
coming out this place is full of stuff
get there get there five guy steals
whatever's in there's that fireplace
bring can I get the poker you want the
over so the Batman bat seems better I'll
take the bat I just hope hello Lenny
thing I know there's some got a teamwork
going on let's just stick by these
people in Chuck Fox's hello again just a
quick synth wave recommendation for Jay
and Jack no there you go stretched by
scuttle is one of the best synth way of
albums I've heard came out a month or
two ago add it to the list
see that's the album name Cynthia Epps
Oh
sketch by oh oh scat hole
how do you smell scandal SCA tte and I
guess the the album is called sketch
spelled sketch got it
I will check it out what you got the
drug what you got that he's coming in as
he's a slow ass motherfucking Jason Oh
God hit him
yes bugs oh god damn oh look at that
here oh wait oh no oh that's right you
went through the wall fuck it fuck it
fuck it fuck it
she looks pretty badass now covered in
blood like that bullshit yeah girl some
blue guy and chances Jay I asked these
two frauds and they couldn't come up
with an answer so I'll ask you are there
any movies that would be better if they
weren't attached to an existing
franchise maybe prometheus uh definitely
Prometheus and alien covenant they both
would have been better if you cut out
the alien stuff the core idea an alien
covenant is pretty good but it's ruined
by the fact that it then it has to be an
alien movie that boat only holds two
you're not getting on that boat
you don't think
all right another good one would be
Jason goes to hell
she's that's the worst Friday the 13th
movie but you take out Jason from it and
you have the hidden which is a pretty
fun movie so with Kyle MacLachlan the
hidden oh yeah Kyle MacLachlan from Twin
Peaks Kyle the new best show on TV from
Kyle MacLachlan tm-2 Megatron says hi
guys hey just curious if you receive the
blu-ray I sent a while back unlike your
previous copy of this it should be safe
to play without causing any damage other
than psychological of course I'm going
to assume of course he didn't say what
it was right we get less you know we
only got the one blu-ray ever
well no I'm going to assume he's talking
about the love butcher because that's
the one that killed our VCR and we now
have a blu-ray copy of the love butcher
so if that's what you're talking about
thank you for 72 I'll watch it
eventually I know I see that Jack Scott
gasps you're even close to getting the
car started you know it's all the
battery Java walkie talkie no yes search
more drawers man I'll find like eight
extra walkie-talkies every time I lose
you know what I was trying to do stay
fucking alive okay where's the way I
have to find the goddamn color map right
no you don't search enough fucking I
searched all the drawers
god damn it which Here I am searching
all the drawers
some people gotta see oh look all this
is fucking has it all been looted oh
hello call Tommy can't believe no one's
done this yet
look all right you're gonna drive that
gas and find a weapon I think it's the
proper solution here there you go whoo
shit and cephalo pathetic says J I
haven't seen the new Twin Peaks yet a
friend described should I say anything
I'm gonna this is possible spoilers hmm
I'm just not gonna say cuz we don't want
to spoil yeah I'm sorry wait why am i I
have a question that I can just read and
tell me yes or no answer is it more
complicated than that
in cephalo pathetic your friend is not
accurate at all yep and that's my answer
we can't do we can't talk about it cuz
we'll get into spoilers but I would say
no not at all
is there anything about the new pics you
think you can talk about like it's fair
for the spoilers I'm like the earlier
episodes do you think orbs not at all um
it's a continuation of the earlier
episodes so I mean I don't know I would
say no I would say cuz I'm sure I've
seen some people say like oh can I just
go into this new twin peaks' or should I
have watch should I watch the original
series first and I say definitely watch
the original series first you otherwise
you will be completely lost and the new
series is abstract and confusing anyway
but without the knowledge of like the
mythology of the original show and the
Black Lodge and the Red Room and all
that you will have no clue what's
happening
Oh Oh breaker noise alright alright rich
you want giver go give it back to Jay
what you want to do Jay what do you want
uh you go I'll go after you maybe how
you feeling oh yeah how's everybody
feeling feeling good I'll be right back
oh shit I'm Jason I'll hand it to you
ah no you know what I need a break
really I'm not even for Jason even for
Jason because I think I just might get
this game and play it myself and I want
to learn the ropes myself it's good I
think it's good I'm having a good time
playing I will be real real with you I'm
having kind of a good time playing oh I
got a fight back badge
tell me about Jason why does he wear the
mask because it looks creepy
cuz he's deformed and he likes it it's
his new face because that was the prop
they had available that day wonder what
the inspiration wasn't because he
originally had the bag right which I
liked better what what made somebody say
you know let's go with the with a hockey
mask that was probably a marketing
decision right like a bag over your head
is not necessarily iconic okay you know
Freddy's got his claw anybody can do
that claw and you're good to go so we
need we need a guy with another with
another iconic piece of imagery okay
easier to see out of I think that was
probably a large part of it easier to
replicate for Halloween that's that's
part of that I'll include that in my
marketing decision is like you want all
the kids to be Jason you know it's real
easy for the kids to be Freddy and I'm
doing this right now you guys can't see
but if I need somebody to talk for me to
hold on the team yep you good I'm with
you okay I'm with you okay here's the
deal
I find out of a tent at blind now I know
I'm just I got my finger on it
yeah
I have to do something I have to escape
oh yes re inverted oh why the fuck is
everyone here lonely rich today well J
and we'll be back and I'm right here I'm
right next to them but as as is always
the case with OBS and us trying to get
two cameras working it just doesn't it
just doesn't talking to you I heard
chard yeah Jay we had a question about
why they went from bag to mask with
Jason the thoughts theories so not in a
story sense but like in a creative like
why did they decide to do that yeah from
a production standpoint um I don't know
my theory is because the bag mask is a
ripoff of a killer in another movie oh
it's from the town that dreaded sundown
okay so my I I would think that maybe
it's like someone called them out and
ripping it off and they were worried
about legal issues maybe you're sure so
in the next one they decided to do the
hockey mask all right but yeah I have no
proof to back that up it's just a
thought I went marketing where they
needed a they needed some sort of
gimmick a la Freddy's claw hand where
was Freddy at that point
let me look up the dates okay the dates
of Friday 13th part three where he gets
the mask versus memorandum Street our
three is 82 so that's pre nine random
Street sorry sorry say that again
he got the mask in part three right and
that came out in 82 which is before
Nightmare on Elm Street I'm sure he
wasn't till 84 okay
so interesting but but it could just be
yeah I don't know if they have the idea
that this would be like the signature
image yeah I don't think that was the
intention do you think that was just a
hindsight lucky yeah like they they had
you know you got the hockey mask part
three and then like they were oh people
like the hockey mask we'll keep doing
that yeah oh yeah but as far as like why
they would get rid of the bag I don't
know that's the only thing I could think
of is that maybe they were concerned
that people think they're ripping off
the town the dreaded sundown
sure well yeah and you do want to set
your movie apart and you know yeah if
it's too high or films you want to do on
something different even if they weren't
fearing litigation just like we need
something different
yeah those masks the bag is just kind of
boring yeah the guy is kind of boring
I like bag Jason I like bag a head for
any villain like like that uh like
Batman Begins the Scarecrow that was
kind of like a bag and I said I think
that's great
it's not necessarily I know
so in this game if you get a
walkie-talkie
you can talk to everyone no matter how
close their which is why we're hearing
everyone sure okay
