Hellooooo Knight(the right one)
August 16, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dIG02v6zhQw

we have a stream maybe ever trying to
sound down on the TV oh we should
probably turn the sound down in stream
oh yeah that's quite loud that's quite
loud hey everybody
hello and whatnot welcome everybody to
the stream everybody everybody
oh yeah everybody I'll be honest with
you this might just be a generational
difference between you and me haven't
you ever seen it yeah that's fine Blues
Brothers
yeah of course okay but you said
everybody and I immediately went to yeah
rock your body yeah everybody rock your
body right you know the next part back
streets back alright boom don't oh no I
don't even know what you're doing I'm
gonna do it little heed honest oh my god
what back again it's a Backstreet Boys
song this is a song that the the the the
2000 something boy band the Backstreet
Boys sang this is not a generational
thing because men your age don't know
that song it's definitely there at that
back report the back shirt when I was in
high school the Backstreet Boys were
huge rich fuckin everywhere everywhere
with the chicks with all of the girls at
the school nothing wrong there's nothing
there's nothing wrong with Mike there's
nothing wrong with liking harmonizing
vocals and a dancing beat there's
nothing wrong with that
they ever tell you about the prank that
I played on Lisa when we were in high
school
no involving boy bands no no like
obviously I'm not a huge boy band fan
right
in high school I was into the punkin ska
scenes as was my at the time girlfriend
Lisa and we had this little thing where
we would occasionally play pranks on
each other yeah and if she had got me
with a decent prank my mom had this
ceramic pig that looked evil it was this
giant ceramic pig that looked evil and
every time Lisa came over to my house
she would move the ceramic it somewhere
where I wish she knew I would see it
like she'd put it in my closet so I put
on that closet it was terrible right
so she did one like that and it creeped
me out I hated that Cermak pig so I had
a radio alarm clock it was a CD alarm
clock and you could wake up to any song
you wanted yeah i rewired the speaker on
it and I added speaker cable to make the
speaker extra long hid the alarm clock
under her bed put the speaker directly
underneath her pillow like I'm in her
sheets yeah underneath her pillow so she
couldn't see it and made and I cleared
this with her parents first and then I
made it Blair
NSYNC song at like 1:00 in the morning
she came to school the next day and was
livid everyone knows Backstreet Boys
that's just a thing that people know
rich
cruel cruel and unusual bye it was bye
bye bye bye bye bye
pick a second round the fire ran it was
a good person to move and you ain't no
lie baby bye bye bye
beach boys are better beach boys are
great everybody likes the Beach Boys
Jack no IPA tonight no no IPA tonight
Jack's been feeling a little a little
awful and fat lately I have I have
finally hit my tipping point on the I've
been really lacks with the guy yeah over
the years I just get lacks relaxer and
eventually I got so likes I just said
well let's just see what happens if I
don't dye it for a month and I balloon
rich I'm sorry you should be you should
be sorry so I've ballooned and so I am
I've decided to go hardcore back on the
diet until Christmas I'm gonna I'm gonna
give it a solid four months just to get
back on track because uh good luck good
luck good luck I'll be hard to make it
through the holidays and I'm cheating on
a diet so you know you got to do it
before the holidays well that's why I
want to do it before Christmas it was
like you know then it's it's all over
button and Thanksgiving I can get
through and no Chad neither of us have
played Hollow tonight we have not right
but Thanksgiving at you know what I'm
not doing Thanksgiving this year I'm
going out of town for Thanksgiving this
year and we're not we're not having a
Thanksgiving dinner this year
what are you doing EFT um we are going
to Los Angeles yeah we are good we're
gonna head to Universal Studios okay
Thanksgiving which is awesome I know
like I've never been to Universal
Studios and presumably you will have
dinner on Thanksgiving Day some dinner
sure but not you know I think
technically that is Thanksgiving Day
sure you would have to fast that day
yeah they do have great food in Los
Angeles and I will have to be very good
when I go to Los Angeles because
said I was going to be good that's
pretty adorable okay get him some beat
if he hit him from the behind can you
come down here now
oh or just hit him a couple times hit
him two times
a little floaty the the jumping controls
I'm sorry it's horrible basically what
I'm saying is I don't know why you
didn't kill that other thing
there's a thing walking around down
there another one of those things you
didn't kill it you could have gotten one
of those thingamajigs from it like I
came up here collect Souls give me two
things souls are like flowers right it
look like flowers rich your soul as a
flower has anyone ever told you that no
it's not your soul is a flower that's
you know what that sounds like that
sounds like a John Denver song going out
to mountains your soul is power you're
getting more beautiful hour by hour oh
baby your soul is a flower oh you can
cook grass I hear my John Denver
impersonation yes
Rocky Mountain ah oh that's awful he
died in a plane crash yes I know he hit
a mountain
I ignore it's really horrible a horrible
thing to say the very horrible yes too
soon maybe
Oh God that made Karen laughs
hysterically and she loves John Denver I
get maybe maybe I have I have no I have
no particular fondness for John Denver
so like to me he's just making fun of a
dead man died idiot what a dummy you're
not gonna hit that giant well I'm
waiting thing I'm looking around first
okay so you use some of your soul soul
gutes of to heal okay it's probably
better to level up with it that was I
don't know if I can level up with it Oh
fun that's very very Isaac you get the
extra blue hearts I'm with it what Oh
oh this is gonna be our first our first
thing because I can jump out of here
right all right so this is gonna be the
first zone where we we have to like earn
something what something under there all
better right
can you double jump for anything no not
yet I'm assuming this is where we get
the double jump ability and that's
what's gonna get us out of here that's a
fair assessment I think or maybe not
maybe we'll just have to come back I
like the look of them of your little
hollow night man yeah he's cute I don't
I don't see what this has over dead
cells so far no no this is this is
atmosphere this is just you know enjoy
the ride dead dead cells is about you
know precision time this is so well so
far this is just enjoy the atmosphere
love I love dead cells but dead cells is
about getting as many strength upgrades
as quickly as you possibly can that's
what dead cells is mad but I enjoy him
should play Ori and the blind forest I
thought that was a dull fucking
platformer we did beautiful it was
beautiful in the colors Oh beautiful
well animate his dolls fuckin I was
gonna say we did play that and we were
bored to tears Jack how do you like Game
of Thrones so far this season has been
alright and as this season has been
alright last time everything's like
everything this season because they're
wrapping up the stories are actually
moving forward and I dig that it's not
worth to watch the whole series like
this last episode of Game of Thrones no
no no no spoilers this last episode of
Game of Thrones a character came back
into the fold who hasn't been around
since season one yeah and like they
didn't like even give us a previously on
they're just like ah this guy remember
this like this guy's back in it I mean
like Lisa and I had to pause it to like
look up who this guy was like who the
fuck is this guy oh seven
years ago he was on the show you don't
like the show right I do not like and
you're watching it Lisa likes it okay
well at least I read the books and likes
the books and yeah Lisa likes the show
and hey so it's the thing we watched
together because she liking it since its
diverged from RR Martin's books yes yes
yes oh oh he's adorable
Phil disappeared headed down that well
one by one and two cabins below are we
going to play the 2d sonic when it comes
out on pc i have no interest
I don't not especially nostalgic for
Sonic no probably not
I know it just came out on the switch so
everybody's everybody's creaming their
genes over the new Sonic
I have OBS him I got my soul hearts went
away after arrested gosh dang it oh oh
shit that's not what I thought that was
so we're here
stone door with a simple lock okay the
blue prism says Weaver's oh hey rich I'm
sorry if you already got asked this
question what do you think of the
ducktales premier I was able to catch it
right when it came out at 11 p.m. last
Friday that was fine it's good see more
before I make a judgement on the series
hey you're okay with episode 1
my horrible if I think I think the
original did a better job it actually
which is world-building Duckburg had a
character in the original series I I
think that might be a silly statement
but okay barely spent any time there on
this one Jack well you know go back the
worst how about this where's where's the
build up
where's the build up but just oh yeah I
know where Atlantis's let's go there
rich go there's the build up go to
Episode one of the original duck tales
and see how much of a world building
they did I thought it was fun
we're talking reporters there was a city
miscellaneous dialogue just in the
background other people it felt it felt
more epic the original duck tales it
felt more epic alright
I mean I'm not I'm not a I'm not the
duck tales aficionado that you are so
I'm gonna have to I guess I'm just gonna
have to you know default to your opinion
here it's only been one F rich I said
the exact same thing before we started
talking about this hey oh sorry we'll
see we'll see
there's gotta be a double-jump around
here somewhere
how did uh how did the doctor do as
Scrooge that's more just my not being
used to it I think sure it's been Alan
Ladd jr. like my entire life okay okay
obviously it couldn't be him now because
he's dead I get it I get it yeah they
needed to move on if they were going to
do this again they need to move on from
the dead guy right Alan Young not Alan
Ladd yeah
Alan Young the mr. ed guy scrooge mcduck
was voiced by the main character and mr.
ed who wasn't a horse oh really yeah
did I like David I I am getting used to
David Tennant as Scrooge made it okay
but when you've been hearing one
person's voice for a character your
entire life
absolutely it's it's weird when it's
suddenly different absolutely take a
little getting used to that's what I'm
most worried about with the new tick
that's coming out soon yeah it's like
you know it's been Townsend Coleman
forever
and even though putty you know they did
they tried to do the live-action one and
putty was the takin is like he has great
voice but it's not Townsend Coleman and
or Coleman you know as weird names and
Peter Serafinowicz is hilarious he got
to be a great tick but it won't be the
same as the voice actor Patrick
Warburton Patrick Warburton putty right
or Brock Samson as far as I'm concerned
Brock Samson The Venture Brothers he's
Brock Samson oh okay
he was putty first quarter puss says hey
guys had a bad day one of my kids got
one shot pike ice Lance and turned
Undead also got spoilers had a game of
Thrones thing that sounds like a dare
you know spoilers are tough because you
never even know what's gonna be a
spoiler I don't I don't watch Game of
Thrones so I don't want to stop reading
that halfway through if I had any
inkling mods if if that is in fact a
game of Thrones spoiler you can you had
actually been quater puss you can do
that for a couple hours yeah if he's if
he's given legit Game of Thrones
spoilers that was that wasn't okay up
here so here's some here's some Game of
Thrones news yeah that's no spoiler from
the last episode I so okay but
apparently HBO has been having a problem
with hackers taking their shit and
they've been actually like taking
episodes before they ain't right right
and so that might be a spoiler from the
episode of next Sunday that has an aired
yet oh wow yeah Nathan B film says hey
guys hope you're doing well what I'm
wondering is will you guys play other
games tonight
like like f 13 or even shutters pub G
probably nope no pub G tonight just
because if we're gonna do it again I'd
like rich and I to play again which
would which would mean I'd like to bring
in my computer again what if this is the
dullest thing ever this game yeah so far
so far alright well I last stream Friday
the 13th wasn't so exciting either now
wasn't that's why I want it in you know
that's why I wanted to change it up yep
we had some fun with pub G playing with
a group but I'd like you and I to play
again if we're gonna if we're gonna do
that all right all right um
this is oh oh we're here oh okay so far
this ain't doing a lot for me but you
know we're gonna see we're gonna see how
she goes we're gonna see how she happens
gehlbach says hey guys it's me go back I
go back yes rich you pronounced it right
last time which is Gil Bok Gil Bok Gil
Bok again I really appreciate your guys
work and hope you all have a great day
I want to be on the panel dammit but
like the the the best of the worst panel
that's probably not what it means
probably not gonna happen
hmm get it together man oh wait whoa
look at that thing there we go oh man
shit can you get over it
probably wasn't ready for that fight yet
yeah
this game looks good but I hate the
stupid binding of issac art style this
is a binding of issac art style maybe I
don't know card style do you like this
is a I guess it's simple it's a simple
art style I wouldn't necessarily call it
binding of issac style but like look at
the backgrounds of this this is this
baguette these backgrounds are super
detailed man
anonymous sis rich rich do you remember
when you guys played Sonic and Jack hit
the platform before you did and he fell
to your death remember what you said
we'd like more of that that was three
years ago and I legitimately don't
remember what I said I hit the platform
before you did what I don't remember
this Oh
tails you dumb motherfucker oh by the
way I think this is a little Dark Souls
II okay don't go there that's where the
big guy is I think this is a little Dark
Souls II where the enemies don't respond
unless you die and then they all respawn
don't if something there's a way to
spend your souls yeah at least this
isn't roguelike yeah that would probably
be exciting it would be terrible if you
know it was interesting the attention of
your one life mattering
yeah that's horrible shutdown
motherfucker oh I'll just die and die
over and over again this doesn't matter
cyber cyber noodles cyber noodles how
did you go with kaizo mario jack did you
get very far
what kaizo mario i was in another stream
and I was asking somebody who was
playing a mother I'm Mario romhack that
held the hard Mario rahama x2 calm kaizo
mario this is it good and I was asking
well what's the easiest one because it
was kind of curious about trying one of
these out yeah they probably thought I
was you okay and the answer would be I
haven't tried yet that was like the
other day okay so this is this is the
Metroid this is the Metroid eveything so
you go here and there's there's uh
there's this and you can't get past it
but you know you there's a way to get
past it mm-hmm so I get a map
to get a map that's my question written
your opinion how is the one life matters
dynamic fun and rogue lights yet not fun
in pub gee that was the one thing I
listed as a fucking positive and babji
clean your fucking years out there was
that whole little segment about how
about how rich was like well at least
it's not the call of duty and by the way
a really fun little metaphor there it's
like it's not like call of duty where
you're a chicken in it in a factory farm
yeah you're one life matters that was
though that was like the really positive
notion from rich get it together people
get it get it right together
Oh
Jack trust good Jack tramp strats so
steps tricks
hi rich Jack from Iowa and the wife and
I love everything rlm saw Jay Mike
actually uploaded half in the bag
not at stream time for once for you both
what has been your funniest rlm creation
experience I am I've been making videos
with Mike since I was in high school I I
don't know that finding that one best
moment is really such an easy thing
yeah you're rich I liked making the the
matches that spelled out fuck you that
was very funny I mean I guess I guess I
laughed harder than ever ever have in my
entire life during the whole Resident
Evil marathon up all right that's pretty
good
the that Christmas episode of best of
the worst with Mexican Santa Claus it's
a good one there's a good one that's a
elves yep Mexican Santa Claus and that
was a fine night in Christmas vacation -
that was a fine night that was an
absolutely fine name
and a little crying worm up there maybe
there's something I can do with that
little crying one make him not cry I
don't think I can reach that
I can't reach that crying room yet
did you ever get a response from Warner
Brothers over the Christmas vacation
- you mailed them yeah sadly I believe
it was just a return to sender oh yeah
yeah well we did we marked it in care of
the director right so you know who
whatever in Turner whoever was in charge
of that said fuck this I'm not dealing
with right so it was nothing exciting
unfortunately
crocodile brain says dice guys how much
to get you to play death road to Canada
pixel art hack added a pixel art hack
and slash multiplayer organ trail style
roguelike to reals play this game keep
up the good work I might have it I'll be
honest with you I might have that game
it's just one of those things where exam
might be on the lists I think I own it
it's trying to give rich chance to
explain why pub G doesn't work yet why
roguelikes do terribly different fucking
things well and a roguelike is is part
of a genre like you can't compare pub G
to The Binding of Isaac there - you know
I they are they are - roguelike is not a
complete genre I wasn't aware that risk
of rain was a first person shooter
online multiplayer deathmatch this is
news to me well like if you can compare
pub G to something like crypt of the
necrodancer I think you could see
similarities in your you were giving me
a chance to explain something that was
really stupid and made no sense
I like that God sniff them thank you for
giving me that chance why why do you
like FIFA 2017 and not pub G cuz they're
different games man oh shit oh shit
crypt of the necrodancer needs far more
multiplayer and teabagging various Kirk
look I don't I don't like pub G because
I don't enjoy multiplayer shooter combat
much yeah I don't enjoy that a second
and it's over and it's not for me right
it's largely about who gets the drop on
who that's that's not how crypt of the
necrodancer plays yeah pub G is all
about making you the player feel very
weak and you know it's over in an
instance and I it's completely
understandable why someone wouldn't like
that game do you think you would like
playing squad in pub G more I said that
during the review you sure did
you sure did but I gaming is something I
do to just relax on my own if I if I
need to work out a bunch of people's
schedules to get the group together in
order to enjoying it's not something I
want to do in my free time you don't
want to schedule like an event you're
gaming it stuff that's true like I just
want to put on the game play a little
bit right right
I can I can jump on a Friday the 13th
match with with anybody I don't think I
could do that in pub G with a squad and
get anything out of it mmm with
strangers I can't see that working
mm-hmm
we would need too much coordination
agreed and to do that what with three
strangers two of them probably don't
have Mike
kiddies
okay I did it I got a map when you hit
40 or so generally the lives of your
front of your friends generally don't
revolve around multiplayer gaming you
know but here's the thing until until I
I got to know you
yeah none of my friends were gamers
right right
none of them Mike thinks gaming is like
the the anti productivity devil I don't
you know what kind of is yes j-just your
no interest yeah gaming is the anti
productivity devil literally gaming
rewards you for not getting work done
and it gives you it gives you like fake
rewards right it rewards you with fake
rewards I still like it
Mike was a gamer in the roleplay since
though in high school yes but he'd never
played video games like maybe outside of
he might have played like a Nintendo
game once everybody played a Nintendo
game at least once he was briefly into
Starfleet Academy
okay on the PC and then he stopped cold
once he realized he wasn't getting other
shit done okay bye
my friend
hey where am I
look when most people would have been
playing around with an NES or a Super
Nintendo instead of instead of his
parents getting him a Super Nintendo
they were hurt when his parents got him
a camera and that changed Mike's life
huh so everybody be very grateful that
Mike is not a game right if if Mike was
a gamer he wouldn't be making all the
things
where am I
I don't bring em in here this ticket
gave me a map so for me gaming has
absolutely never been a social thing
because nobody I knew was it all
interested my entire life right
ah yeah you know you know it's just one
of those things guys I know it's night
it's nice when you know the people you
enjoy listening to also enjoy the things
that you enjoy but she's not going to
happen
oh shit
thank you bug thing
fuck you bug thing dammit
fuck you bug thing have you ever had an
idea for a video game it's a question in
the chat yeah Jack have you ever had an
idea for a video game I have several
ideas for video yeah I've great ideas
for video games game things that'll make
great video games I also have no idea
how to make a video game so I have had
one yeah and it's a strange one for me
to have because I am we just talked
about this I'm not a I'm not a
multiplayer gamer yeah
nonetheless I still had what I thought
was a good idea for one okay you you can
you you converge you mix up multiplayer
deathmatch with kind of Legos like you
would have just a list of parts and you
would build your own robot kind of kind
of like like LEGO pieces okay like yeah
insert this kind of wheels or treads or
maybe you're gonna try and build legs
okay what kind of weapon would you want
to attach you have some kind of like a
limited amount you could spend on parts
okay and then you take that robot and
you use it a deathmatch that was my idea
for a game interesting and how do you
get the parts how do you get the money
you would you would like this level of
you'd have like different levels like a
cheap match like a best provide you gets
spend for a hundred credits like we're a
thousand credits is the fact you can
build a fancier robot but everyone
everyone gets that 1000 credits to spend
before that match okay that was my idea
for again interesting
and if something like that exists my
response to that is did it exist 20
years ago when I first had the idea of
course it did rich it existed and it
existed better than your idea existed
way better than your idea man I think
I've talked about my video game idea
like I wanna I wanted to make a
dispatcher game a game where and I
noticed stuff like this does exist but
not exactly how I want to do it I wanted
to make a game in which you were in
charge you were a dispatcher and you
were in charge of a group of couriers
and you needed to plan the route for
them and saying you know tell which
courier to go where in the map and you
have to keep your couriers happy like
you needed to give them enough jobs to
keep working for you yeah but if you
overwork them they wouldn't do it and
then if you overworked if you try to
like book too many jobs for them the
people who would get their packages
would get them later and so you had to
like manage your your drivers your
packages and whatnot who's it and it'd
be one of it would be a fun little
resource management job
a courier simulator and I know there are
things like that
but I'd like to put an emphasis on like
randomly generated personality traits of
your drivers you know like this driver
is really fast but he gets angry with
you often right you know this this
driver is super reliable but you can't
give him but he hasn't really something
he has a motorcycle so he can't carry
too many packages but it's really
reliable and so then you know oh I can
take this driver who I know and map them
over this way and I can take this driver
oh this driver is up here I just got a
package going from this to this right
this sounds like a fucking horrible game
it's not a horrible game it's not a
horrible game because this is what I
used to do as a job I was I was a
short-term logistics dispatcher for a
company that did this very thing and
that was my job was figuring out which
driver had to go where
what packages and maybe you'd have like
daily package like okay I know no matter
what every day I'm gonna get a package
that goes from north to south right
somebody saying motorcycle guy can get
through traffic jams oh right right and
then you have like maybe like regular
customers that you need to like map
around and if you if you lose your
customers so that's what I used to do
every day and it was the greatest part
of my job there was just like figuring
out where people would go you got this
oh you could pick this up on your way
woo yeah oh I got my one guy who comes
from up north every day and if I don't
give him enough jobs he just won't come
down and work for me but I need him to
come down today so I'm gonna save this
job for later this job is gonna be 15
minutes late but if I have it 15 minutes
late I can save it for this guy the the
amount of situations that came up call
it short-term logistics dispatcher the
kids'll love it right it's it's far more
fun I'm not doing a very good job
pitching it but I to me that's that's a
game I wanted to make I also have an
idea for a little side-scrolling brawler
that where you're an umbrella fighter
you can choose between different
umbrellas with an emphasis on fighting
and blocking okay okay haven't you
always done that when you were kids like
you like have you ever had those
umbrellas that like click open yeah
and so then you know like you have the
short one which is really fast but weak
you can click it open for longer
stronger strokes or you could open it
completely to block damage I call it
umbrella fighter I call it I call it
it's raining outside hmm but I don't
know how to make a game so these will
never happen unless you want to talk to
me and I'll write you I'll write you a
game
gehlbach says if i do well in acting /
film i'll max landis it and have the
studio fly me over if not then I'll have
my own panel with hookers and friends I
don't have go back out Wow good luck on
the hookers man good luck on the friends
oh good luck on the friends
Kalibak I suppose hookers pretty easy to
come by
Touche we use pay them that's right
that's that's super easy um oh uh nun
brawler that was a nice name nice nice
the Ayatollah of rock and roll assist
hey guys hi before there was Blockbuster
Video there were small neighborhood VHS
rentals stores
totally as a kid I saw space hunter
Highlander and Mad Max that way did you
have a local store growing up many of
note lengths they're like eight of them
around me yes movie mania
you were very lucky no I did not have a
local video store but I you know you
lived you lived in a city and I was the
country round suburb but yeah yeah in a
suburb of a large city yeah I was the
country mouse so we did not know we
didn't get a video store until oh wait
later we got a blockbuster Black was
just such a ripoff they charge like two
or three times as much as those local
mom-and-pop videos oh I believe it that
but that's all we had
we were we were happy to have a
blockbuster cuz that's all we had my
weekend was after school go to the movie
mania and rent a couple games for like a
couple bucks
I mean yeah I was I was really happy to
get the blockbuster cuz that's all
that's all we had and then finally I
could I could watch the the fun movies
on VHS the elk 801 says hey Jack
I'm the Candyland guy acknowledged me
yes okay you know what's an awful board
game is fucking Candyland
Candyland is the Horrors board game and
I was playing Candyland with my kids the
other day earlier today and it got me
thinking of just how much I hated
Candyland well what's the what's the
candy where's the Candyland guy what
we're getting we're getting there that's
the setup as I fucking hate Candyland I
was playing Candyland earlier today yeah
and so as I'm playing Candyland like you
know how Canyonlands works for anyone
who doesn't know they're there are never
played it there okay so you know there's
there's a path to take with different
colored blocks it's just you roll the
dice and you get to the end right no you
just pick up a card and then the card
has a color on it and you move to that
next color and then sometimes there's
also areas we can get a card that will
teleport you to an area it sounds like a
lame game it's super lame but you know
what it's it's like an early kids game
and so what I figured out is there is a
world in which you can beat Candyland
yeah three cards okay
if you teleport to chocolate mountain
first if you're the first card you get a
chocolate Mouse yeah then you get a
double red space cards to go red red and
then another red you win the game and so
what I was doing is some math wrench
yeah so the first card you need is
chocolate mountain and there are 66
cards in Candyland and so that is a one
in 66 chance of getting chocolate
Mountain yeah that you know brakes
sounded like one point five one five
percent okay what I found out then the
second card that you need is either a
red or a double red so there are eight
red cards and two double red cards
that's ten out of now 64 yeah when the
odds break down to something and then
you need another red card yeah so then
it's 9 out of 38 cards because yeah I'm
assuming you're having a 4 player game
it's everyone that likely because that
travel amount in one that 160 something
that's there's long odds
oh well basically I want to say at the
end of the day like III asked I was like
it does anyone know how to do math and
break down what the total amount of odds
is yeah and it turned out to be like a
one in 7700 chance yeah that you could
beat the game in 3 and so we were just
doing a little Candyland math on Twitter
and I thought it was pretty funny see
when I was a kid I wasn't candalyn I
never played them
chutes and ladders sure or maybe Hungry
Hungry Hippos yeah yeah I like Hungry
Hungry Hippos I'm okay with that yeah we
had like some of the client like cooties
your play cooties or break the ice
yes Jeff this is a fidget spinner is it
shocking that I would own the fidgets
spinner no rich is a fidgeter when I
fidget constantly rich is a fidgeter
there ain't nothing wrong we're rich is
gonna do some sick fidget spinner tricks
now he's some bitch oh oh
he disappeared oh well he glitched off
of the map it was one and oh yeah well
because it's a one in 4,800 chance of
winning in three in three cards and like
you know there's a lot of complicated
math involved yeah because it's you know
probabilities of you getting the card
getting the next card getting the next
card and there were some variables in
there and then of course every
probability needs to be readjusted for
other cards that the other people you're
playing with pick yeah and it was a
really fun back and forth on Twitter
today and spikes and that's it like it
was and someone who knows math way
better than I do what was helping me
figure it out last just as long as
Furbys pogs and Petra I'm not doing this
because it's a fag I'm doing this
because I fidget and they have invented
something specifically for me to fidget
with yeah and even when it's not a fad
I'll prove I'll probably still have one
of these oh yeah stock up cuz they're
super cheap now
fuck
don't work that well Mademoiselle hey
Jack hi
I heard you go to northern Wisconsin
every now and then I do have you ever
been to a little restaurant called the
White Stag and sugar camp I would
definitely recommend checking it out if
you haven't you know that northern
Wisconsin Wisconsin that's pretty big
right pretty big pretty big place I
can't say I've ever been to the White
Stag and the other part of that I was up
I mean I've been all over the state I
regularly I go to Rhinelander and that's
again that's pretty desolate as well uh
Chet Jake Jenna already bought me a
fidgety cube for like my birthday yeah
so I am I don't you want me just to
fidget with that and only that no yeah I
did multiple fidgets I might my desk at
home
Jack yeah I've actually got a basket
full of things I figured with yeah yeah
like multiple things I believe it
got a slinky in there I got this this
Rubik's Cube thing that I like to fidget
with it's all there nice
vile 8:22 hey I've enjoyed our lemon
prereq for ages and finally have a
question okay what videos have made you
proud to be a part of prereq and rlm
thanks for the stream wow what the
videos I'm a whole crowd proud that's
that's a that's a weird way to put it it
is a weird way to put it like a lot of
the stuff we make I don't know if
anything in particular makes me like Wow
I like when people enjoy a video we made
rain I feel like I know like as far as
prereq is concerned I think our I really
I really enjoyed our breakdown of the
order 1886 that was a good breakdown
I was very easy to break down and
because it was so sure we got that out
really fast so that was nice
I didn't mind our uncharted for Oh first
four hours that was pretty fun let's see
what other ones are Batman Arkham Knight
I felt pretty good way
and so there's a lot of videos that I
enjoy of ours is it telling that you
didn't immediately say space cop I have
said time and time again I am
uncomfortable watching myself act on
screen yeah I'm not I'm not acting when
we do prereq that's me having a
discussion yeah me acting I can't wash
myself at never could
where I was
Texas Panhandle ourselves oh I hate
multiplayer shooters and stuff for the
most part but I love mmo's in particular
World of Warcraft
which I still play even though none of
my friends do anymore
it's pretty casual friendly no I'm glad
you enjoy it
little world Warcraft just one big grind
fest no they got it down yeah they got
it down like you know there I I there's
no way I could believe that a game could
be that popular and a grind fest like
Diablo
well but the gnudi Apple is not didn't
do so well right I think I beat my first
boss why was a huge game with endless
shit to do it's all about the people you
play with right I believe that
yeah I believe that Wow is a worthwhile
experience it's to me it seems just the
the amount of things that you need to
press like the amount of buttons like
yeah I'll you know gonna have this spell
over here this bill over here this
fellow here just it's overwhelming to me
yeah Wow I don't know if I could ever
play him rich what's your opinion of
hollow nights so far I haven't played it
like at all I've just watched Jack
planet yeah I have no opinion of it
really looking looking at it i I think
dead cells is really fun
that's what I thought looking at it I'm
sorry so far this is closer to Orion the
blind forest than dead cells yes it's
really beautiful but kind of dull I had
that was a fine boss fight I just had a
little the boss fight well I'm not
terrible yeah just kind of standard yeah
yeah yeah not terrible I'm that's not
I'm not dissing I play Ori and the blind
forest like this is this is a platformer
it's pretty
you know I'm gonna wait till I can until
I get my first like upgrade thingy I
really was hoping that that would be an
upgrade thingy give 20xx another try 20
extra Jack loves him and that's just
that just released oh it's done that
just released its 1.0 so it is now
officially out of early access this is
dull would you want to switch over
I might okay we might switch over I'm
stuck now right then we might switch
over sooner rather than later Friday the
13th is never a dull it was dull last
stream for the first time Friday 13th
let me down on stream yeah there's a
really bad night of screaming Friday the
13th we just came off of that great you
know pub ji-hye though the group pub
ji-hye go back and buy a map it's just a
starting area it gets more intense later
go back and buy a map somebody said go
back and buy a map to that guy I was
just talking to someone on the chat said
go back and buy a map I didn't see -
who'll just go back and buy a map ok I
was talking to this guy over here there
was just a guy this is the guy that I
was talking to oh no he's gone no I
can't the chats also really fond of
pipes pipes from the pub G stream oh my
Saviour you mean pipes made it happen
where would we be without pipes I'd be
dead I can't buy a map here I'm sorry
because I can't get up there how come I
didn't get a power from defeating that
bad guy not every game works the exact
same way that every game is Megaman so
close go back to the main hub to buy map
wave point I read the things I literally
have not played this game I have no idea
what's one I just let us die at the end
why is hit again why is he getting all
the recognition that's true when it was
time to storm the house yeah we both
died and he was all the way back
wherever the fuck when that extra gun
could have really helped that's true
well he was playing it safe he was he
was looking out for number one he with
him with us storming the house when you
know when you're playing with a group of
foreign teams yeah can you really look
out for number one right right
pipes is that really the smart strat if
you had a like a good argument for not
storming the house and I'm gonna be
honest I encourage that largely because
I wanted to see something exciting
happen and that's storming the house
sounded fun debate but I figured out
like like decisive reasons why it was a
bad idea maybe maybe I was gonna chance
to change my mind change your mind
sure you know I guess almost got all
those guys in the house one other person
would have been the difference pipes
pipes we got we got you know a grenade
killed one whoever I stormed the house
with killed another and I severely
injured the third but you know
eventually
yeah
No
tell Jack that you can Pogo bounce by
jumping over something and pressing down
and strike this will elevate you higher
it also resets your airborne once per
jump abilities there's no double jump in
this game right now that's probably
something I have to unlock so either and
I cannot pogo jump so think again
whoever said that like look I'm pressing
down and I'm not Pogo jumping cuz you
didn't land on an enemy huh you didn't
land on an enemy
oh is that what they're saying try it on
an enemy
nope you're not swinging it all though
huh you're not swinging hitting the
swing button chunk up I'm hitting this
swing okay directly above the enemy are
you heading down - yes all right
at the same time like that huh you just
did it that doesn't necessarily make me
jump higher no they said if you strike
the ground
no got while falling right uh I don't
think they did I think they said on an
enemy but they said well if you strike
the ground you jump higher and resets
your double jump ability but I don't
have a double jump ability yet you're
pressing the button too late well here's
another comment if you're gonna switch
games better sooner than later
why is that I'm just reading the
comments why is that
Casper says our epub G review Jack might
like the swat-style action of Rainbow
six siege rich might like the slow pays
dreadnought with big spaceships though
streak Ghost Recon wildlands has the
elements you both like in pub G okay oh
no I dropped my pigeon you know now I
gotta I gotta stop everything I'm doing
to get the fidgets back because it's
like an addiction Jack get your shit
together rich
I got a now I gotta get the floor to
find the fidgets
what is that
they only go and stream can commence now
I found the fidgets found the fidget
everything's alright everything's
alright everyone that was intense
it was intense rich
we all know Mike's crazy views on ghosts
I was just wondering what a stance on
UFOs --is and yours for that matter
I haven't had long conversations with
Mike about UFOs we we did have a good
laugh at this one special aliens on the
moon which was on Netflix I don't know
if it's still on Netflix but they just
took rocks on the moon yeah and they
highlighted them different colors and
they said this looks vaguely like it
could be something that was built and it
looked at all nothing at all like
something that could have been built
it's like rocks and they just look like
rocks on the moon and it's hysterical my
official position on aliens yeah is that
they probably exist it's a very big
galaxy let alone universe yeah the odds
of there not being other life out there
is pretty low mm-hmm there's probably
other life out there the question is do
they get into a flying saucer and buzz
the earth haha I have seen no convincing
evidence that this has ever happened
that's the key right there there's we
have absolutely no evidence yes of extra
truth isn't a ssin right but there's
very likely other life out there in the
galaxy now maybe maybe like intelligent
life is extraordinarily rare maybe that
just doesn't happen very often and this
is why you don't see UFOs flying around
or what not but there probably is alien
life
oh maybe I don't know nothing I don't
know nothing about no aliens alien life
almost certainly exists but given the
sheer size of the universe it's
extremely unlikely contact will be made
what's them what's it called there's a
name for this the Fermi paradox related
to the Drake Equation the Fermi Vernie I
think it's the Fermi paradox where like
like like freaking freaking uh very
smart scientists physicists and
astrophysicists got together and they're
just talking about this fairly casually
I think this is when they were working
on the atomic bomb and they were doing
the math in their head that if there
were other life in the universe other
intelligent life even at at slower than
light speeds if the the earliest life in
the galaxy should have pretty much
colonized the entire galaxy by now right
even it's slower than light speeds and
the Fermi paradox is well if that's the
case where is this alien life we should
have seen right hints of it it's era
it's not so much scientific theory as it
is a thought experiment right what are
some of some educated guesses as to why
we have not met another intelligent
lifeform the great filter right that
that's something in the course of
evolution is a a barrier to colonizing
the galaxy either either life itself is
very rare like like actual life as we
know it doesn't happen very often at all
and we are one of the few planets in
existence that has life yeah or or maybe
life is fairly common but intelligent
life well that doesn't happen very often
and you don't you don't see hardly any
planets that have intelligent life that
are capable of building machines and one
of the other ones that probably most
people are familiar with is that
intelligent life is fairly common but
they have a tendency to blow themselves
up before they can start colonizing
yes and we kind of have to hope that we
are on the other side of the great
barrier so that we ourselves might
colonize the galaxy someday the great
filter or whatever is they call this
they invent the radio and then kaboom uh
in a sense we and we invented the atomic
bomb not long after we got radio
geologically that's a blink of the
fucking eye
the most common intelligent life out
there you get radio signals for them for
about 50 years and then nothing because
they blow themselves up that could be
that could be the most common scenario
in the universe
giggling
June
mm-hmm all right Sarah where was that
where are we
what was that in where are we that's I
mean though those are the questions rich
those are the only questions of life
what was that where are we right yeah
you do know you're doing it right that's
that's the great the great questions
come 907 says rich and Jack what is your
least favorite episode of a TV series
and why keep it coming with the great
content love you guys it's a very
strange question as you tend to forget
about the bad ones
what's the question again at least
favorite episode of the TV series least
favorite episode of a team I know I know
I don't even know where to start the
boxer for Star Trek Voyager how about
that the vibe of the the episode of Star
Trek Voyager that was dedicated to
Chakotay hallucination of him being a
boxer that's a dumbass worst episode of
television ever worst episode would have
to be something that just ruined a
Cheryl that was good right surely you
can you can you can write off one even
write off the boxer there were some good
boys or I guess but I don't know if I
can fully write off
you can write off shades of gray from
TNG the clip episode I was a one-time
thing forget about it sure
all right but of like a really bad
episode would have to ruin a TV show for
like the rest of its Ronnie oh okay look
it would be a jump the shark moment like
a like a tipping point yeah that
signaled the end okay all right I'm with
you I'm with here what are you I don't
have an answer okay this this would
require some thinking and I don't I got
I got yeah I got other shit to read the
series finale of Voyager
yeah that's up there Voyager avoid right
so manager so many bad an idiot an idiot
could have been a showrunner and made
that show work an idiot yeah
you do the first half of the show like
you're of health where supplies are low
things are bad they're still trying to
get home and then you know what halfway
through the show I'd have some kind of
turning point like maybe maybe they find
the caretaker and they find out they
can't get home I have to make a decision
like like you know home is so far away
maybe we just have to stake this purse
claim down here and make a life for
ourselves in the Delta Quadrant then my
second half of Voyager would have been
making allies and essentially starting
like a new Federation yeah on the other
side of the galaxy we're gonna we're
gonna we're gonna you know we're gonna
make peace between these two races we're
gonna get a treaty and then slowly over
time Voyager kind of develops a whole
new Federation yeah and then my my
season family a Voyager yeah
it's 200 years later they them the the
new Federation of the olden Federation I
finally have expanded far enough they
come together Voyager and the whole new
Federation meets up with the old and now
the whole galaxy one big happy
Federation that would be how I would end
you and it should that be beautiful what
a bit great that would have been
beautiful
like like the tenants passed down from
our founder Janeway right fine yes we've
heard about we've heard the stories of
yes right we are honored on this day to
finally make a mountain like the
struggle of like sticking with the
Federation rules they know or possibly
bettering them right like no this is an
established rule we think it works like
this but maybe there's a better way like
that could have been the series moral
quandary oh rich rich you should have
been a TV writer yeah
the more I think about that the more I
love it so here's here's what I'm gonna
say here's what I've decided that's how
it ended that's Jan that's that was the
whole series and I now remember voyage
you're much more fondly because because
that makes way more sense as a Voyager
show let's all like if we all agree
we'll Mandela affected let's just all
agree that that's how Voyager was it's
it's beautiful and it's in the spirit of
Star Trek yes
okay
and Neelix was intimidated in tourism I
wouldn't have made Neelix aghh
I wouldn't have had him be a comic
relief character I'd haven't be
streetwise and maybe not entirely
trustworthy but that kind of need him
because he knows things that don't he
wouldn't have been a joke in my Voyager
you know he would have been someone who
over time they sold on the Federation's
philosophy that's what my Neelix would
have been sure someone who's like ah the
Federation I don't need that crap I'm a
I'm a loner I'm a smuggler I get my own
stuff done I'm gonna use these guys for
a cushy ride for a while yeah ever than
my Neelix it's fine Neelix rips fine
Neelix fine Neelix
that could have been like a that could
have been like a big a big like season
finale moment mm-hmm is you know Neelix
Neelix cast them off and then it sells
them out sells alone then decide to they
really had it going on and turns around
for the season premiere
ah Rich's version of Voyager the only
version for Voyager I love it how would
you have handled the Borg I wouldn't
have the board were a one-trick pony who
never really should have shown up after
the best of both worlds maybe they're on
the Gamma Quadrant we just don't deal
with that maybe you can get one decent
Borg episode out of it you know maybe
maybe that's just the turning point well
we really can't get home because we
would have to get through Borg space oh
maybe
sure sure that's the final nail in the
coffin well we can't get home right I
don't know I'm not necessarily saying I
would do that for sure mm-hmm
no they had I think there were some
interesting Borg stuff with Voyager and
so like getting a Borg episode here or
there wouldn't have been the the Borg
were were ruined the moment they had a
queen yep
that that that eliminated everything
that was interesting about them I
totally agree totally agree
yes as soon as they have a leader and
they are not just automatons that gets
rid of everything that makes them you
know the Borg
yeah now they're just zombies right
zombies with a leader there's a leader
zombie in control of the mindless they
were never mindless in TNG there were a
hive mind but now they're mindless
thanks to the Queen
I suck I suck darn it
bran flakes 45:47 says hey rich and Jack
barrage have you guys seen valerian if
so what do you think
valerian in the city of a thousand
planets the new Luke best song movie no
it is I've not seen it I've not seen it
okay
also remember to look up Les Stroud from
Survivorman
he's Rich's Canadian doppelganger thanks
for the content fellas
well there you go I'm excited to see
valerian I like to loop best home but I
have not seen it yet just because I
haven't been able to get out to see a
movie
rich rarely reads the chat
he reads 90 percent tips Jack reads 80
percent chat Wow whoa taking like a few
chat questions here sure sure Richie you
you're getting called out wow wow wow
wow you got you got told man you got
straight-up tone do you want to play no
and especially not now
you
look I think kerim just likes hack bot
look Chad Chad yeah Karen likes the
funny things that hack bot says
sir dodge roll room no no there's not
I have a little bit of his pattern down
now so I'm a little better than I was
before but alright anonymous says this
is extremely late I know but it was
touched on in your Canon Christmas
Deathwish 3 director is generally
regarded as a creep in the UK and sing
Death Wish 3 gives a telling window into
his mind sending alright it was very
very sleazy death noise 3 yep Kayleigh
says hey guys how much do I have to tip
for you to play something a smidge more
engaging I'm gonna give this boss
another couple tries and then maybe
Irene when I beat the boss or a couple
more tries well we'll switch it up a
little xx xx I'd like to beat at least
one boss before we call it a night how
does everyone feel about the Bruce
Willis Death Wish movie oh my god yeah
you know now I'd say I haven't seen the
movie but the trailer looks awful rich
yep back in black fuckin back in black
yeah some people yeah this isn't really
the time for that movie oh also not
really the time for that movie like
crime has been going down fast for a
good long while yep crime has been going
down ever since roe v-- wade that's true
that's true crime has been steadily
dropping since the since the 70s and so
yeah I don't think anyone but you know
who's gonna love the movie conservative
dads oh yeah every single fuckin
conservative dad is gonna they're gonna
they're gonna go see it they're gonna
buy it on blu-ray they're gonna buy it
on VHS they're gonna buy it on laserdisc
they're gonna they're gonna they're
going to love this
shit out of that movie that's who that's
who their market is I can't imagine it
will do terribly well in the box office
that for anyone who wants to make a joke
there's this book call it was it
freakanomics that actually draws a
connection between abortion being legal
and the drop in the crime rate there
there is a connection there isn't a good
night there there is a statistical
connection yes not anything yeah that's
a core there is a correlation as they
say not necessarily a causation but
there is a correlation right like the a
correlation is more it's like what I was
there example there's a correlation
between hotdog sales and shark attacks
not necessarily a causation
oh here it's you just by touching it
no Chad I have not gotten around to
gravity falls
anonymous says hey guys thoughts on art
wow I'm making a career jump from my
nine-to-five job into a world of making
money with art so far I've earned
negative income art supplies cost a lot
fellas all right as well as a website
buts
I think you can expect to see your
income steadily declining even a lot of
great artists died broke Van Gogh he
wasn't he wasn't making any money off of
his work in his lifetime your your roll
of the dice it's low odds to be
successful in art oh yeah any artistic
endeavor
oh hey beat him yeah you were Jack I
figured it out the blue channel says hey
guys today's half of the bag made me
think of an important question if you
could only see one movie before you die
what would it be
oh wait like three watch a movie or
watch a new movie they're not specific
what's the longest movie like the
absolute longest movie so then you could
just so then you could watch the line
like like you have to finish watching
the movie before you die can I make it
because I don't have to finish making at
first dude
I'm very slow
yes yes I would make boyhood - yes nice
Sean says if I was captain of Voyager
and I mean as a man when Q said I need
help making babies I would have said
okay all right okay if you are willing
to help the Borg then you should be
willing to be Q's baby mama really just
for scientific purposes right like you'd
want to bring into existence an immature
child with godlike abilities and being
like that fucking Twilight Zone episode
this can only be a mistake nothing good
will come of this yeah but if you can
get past that first stage you'll have
like someone who really likes you and
has godlike powers think about that
that's that's a risk reward right there
rich
Oh dad I love you what do you need
anything in the universe there was a
Star Trek episode about a child with
godlike abilities and it didn't end well
it wasn't a good thing this is not a
good idea
Oh what target says hey guys rich when
it comes to set design and prop building
is it more helpful to have a visual art
background or a construction one your
props for prereq that you don't use
anymore or good they're janky well see
that that was janky I like the idea of
it but when you're talking about
building props you need both you need
you need an art direction and the know
how to make them look good you need both
so you gotta do both like those looked
great but yes they were janky and more
importantly they were they were balls to
put up properly sometimes you're limited
by what you can build I know and so like
I'm gonna build this big heavy thing for
the plink it up but it will collapse
under its own weight right so you need
to rethink that like when Mike bought
those giant like comically heavy things
the original Flint get aboard that
collapsed under its own weight
that's why I'm saying you need both yeah
you missed the prereqs that's so much
they were so chink it looked awful not
in a variety the paint was sloppy mess
they were getting filthy the lighting
was a nightmare the lighting was a
nightmare they were such a pain in the
ass to set up they would never stay
still we couldn't leave them set up you
know we couldn't figure out the lighting
in there it's done it was every time we
had to figure the lighting out again so
many problems so many problems with
those things and then the ton of
comments like are you guys even in the
same room month well that was the other
thing yeah we cuz we did that before we
had three cameras yeah yeah there there
were issues to be had with that setup Oh
a lot of oh I was out a blast juice
there were there were definitely issues
about that set
and while our new set isn't entirely
perfect I do believe you know I'd still
like to find some way to kind of
transform the the bookshelves into
something that's more ours
you know it's not entirely perfect it
still it's it's I feel like it's better
than the old sets are in our new area
it's much easier to light I think it
looks better overall there are there are
practical applications to her new set
the one major thing that the entire Dark
Knight trilogy has against it is
Christian Bale's barking yes Christian
Bale in general he's a terrible Batman
as Bruce was good though was it it was
it was adequate it's you know like yeah
and it wasn't like jaw-dropping all this
the Bruce's Bruce Wayne I've ever seen
right yes he played a rich guy like
Bruce is a non yes Bruce Wayne is the
least important and least important
component right
like to see Keaton's Batman and Wayne
and a Dark Knight Returns setup Keaton's
Batman yeah now that Keaton Keaton's
getting older now and and cranky how
would
oh god I'm trying why am i drawing a
blank on his fucking name current Batman
I'm fucking Affleck Affleck how do you
worked in the Dark Knight series
probably a bit too old for Batman Begins
but just in theory if you had him have
time at the right age I'm trying to
think of his Batman right because in
Batman vs Superman or hey I'm sorry his
Bruce Wayne yeah maybe I think it'd have
been fun maybe cuz you know we only get
basically we really only get one scene
of him as Bruce Wayne in the party yep
and he does all right I like to take
where Batman is kind of his true self
the Batman the Animated Series approach
yeah and Bill's barking is not bad that
is not the true face of the man bales
barking honestly we're like you know the
mask is the more honest yeah I just I
can't
I was just when when I was up north I
have a family with some family up there
who was also in video production and we
were talking about movies and we got to
talking about Nolan and we got to
talking about the Dark Knight series and
it was just like the dark The Dark
Knight is good that is a fine movie
mostly because of Heath Ledger Christian
Bale is the worst Batman yes the word I
mean and I'm including all the nipple
Batman's the growling makes it
unbearable
and I'm not saying his Wayne is terrible
it's just not mind blowing Lee amazing
but the point is his Batman is awful and
that's where the conversation ends
exactly exactly
it's it just it doesn't make any sense
to me his Batman his growling Batman and
and the chats making a lot of Martha
comments wow that's not that's not a
flex fault that's the writers fault
right
oh yeah but see like remember the Martha
scene right and do you remember that
like how like the guttural growl of a
flicks Batman during the Martha scene
that's one sequence because he's really
angry that makes sense well you sound
like you're in a death metal van that
that like quiet scene where he's talking
to Katie Holmes in Batman Begins there's
there's some more imagine imagine like
let's let's take like a smarter small
Batman star let's look at the scenario
here sure Bale's Batman runs across like
a 12 year old kid who's pointing a gun
at him right and he has to talk okay
okay series of the scenario the calm
cool and collected that the the the
Batman who is also like in control of
himself that's what I want now whatever
what I want is like a situation like
that from the animated series you guys
give me the script I will I will make do
microphone oh my god this is a future
stream we're gonna take Batman the
Animated Series yeah
right and we're gonna we're gonna get
some transcripts and then we're gonna do
Kevin Conroy's version no I'm gonna I'm
gonna overdub my click you will do your
version with Christian Bale exactly oh
my god this is an amazing idea we can
put this under creative right mm-hmm
this is a working streaming app I'll do
the voice work and then it'll be
creative because I'll Brad my computer
and I'll show you guys how I edit my
voice in Christian right and under
Conroy's it'll be great oh good jacket
can't only do like five minutes in that
voice oh I can do that voice all night
it will wreck me but it'll be worth it
Christopher Nolan's Batman the Animated
Series
there was nothing here's here's my
official you know I've been playing
hollow night for two hours okay here's
my official review yeah
there's absolutely nothing wrong with it
okay I am also not interested in it okay
it's it's fine it looks adorable I I
just I'm not very interested in it maybe
at a different time in my life this
would have been my absolute jam but at
the moment that's right we can look into
justice Batman Beyond oh I can put
Bale's Batman it'll be great wonderful
sensitive Jack what was that wolfing at
the end that's all that's just Christian
Bale scooby-doo without thee that's my
Batman book I put the tip of my tongue
he's monotone scooby-dooby-doo
I put I put the tip of my tongue behind
my bottom teeth like this and that's my
that's my Center is Rachel like oh do
all of them down we're gonna leave wait
Superman where we got 20xx boom 20xx
being fully released
