Oracle of Season of Guardians Spoilers (Part 1)
May 15, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3spwufkT6_Y

poor fucking christ we can't do anything
right can we we were so close man who do
one fucking thing huh we one fucking
thing right on time we were so close but
you know what four minutes is still
within the margin of error like if
you're if you say you're going to show
up someplace and you show up 15 minutes
lady I think even 15 minutes is within
the margin of error hey everybody
welcome to our makeup stream yesterday
was Mother's Day and so I was busy
cleaning the house fucking Mother's
doing our rashes am i right cooking all
the meals tending to my children that's
usually like Lissa nice big thing for
both Mother's Day and Father's Day is
just like hey guess what this is the day
that you leave me the fuck alone
I'm just gonna do whatever I want to do
that was how I haven't just leave me the
fuck alone that was no plan we had that
we we grilled out we had my mom over
Lisa's mom over at Lisa's sister over
who was also a mother I cooked I cleaned
which I really usually do anyway but it
was just a nice night and then you know
as it got towards the end of the night I
was like so yeah what do you think
should I stream tonight she's like how
about you stay here and we played board
games and I said okay that's what you
wanted to do for Mother's Day we played
board games yeah it was great oh so we
will be spoiling the fuck out of
guardians of the galaxy volume 2 for the
whole stream yeah the whole stream rich
and I will unrestrained to talk about
guardians of the galaxy volume 2 so if
you care about those spoilers leave now
before we do that though I do want to
tell a bit of a story you gonna do that
I'm trying to get tips load because
we're gonna need it yeah it's not loaded
it says it's loading okay seems like
it's taking that a while not press X and
try again did you do that already I'm
what I'm having some kind of internet
issues
I'm not connected evening good evening
okay so while we're just trying to
connect the tips as I was thinking about
so I'm playing Zelda Oracle of Seasons
off of my gameboy advanced reader that
is currently hooked up to my Gamecube I
have a beautiful purple GameCube right
in front of me as you see my GameCube
controller great and out of the back of
my GameCube there are actually two AV
outlets one is just the standard
composite AV which you'll remember like
from your it's actually the same out at
the n64 and the Super Nintendo had I
thought it was the same above the we had
it's not I don't know if that we had the
standard def outlet the Wii was a
standard def system oh but I thought it
was I thought it had a different I guess
it could have been the same I think it
was the saying the rectangle with a
little divot yeah maybe I don't remember
cuz I bought a special cord a rectangle
with a divot that even though the we
wasn't an HD system and I'll put it in
the red green blue sure the component
yeah well the this has a component out
but it's a special component out and
this system is a for ATI
480 interlaced system and you can get
the component out that turns it into
480p which is literally twice the
resolution like once you start hitting
progressive yeah it's no longer
interlace you can get a super crisp
image out of your GameCube okay and so I
was like oh you know what I bet there's
a million of these cords out I'm gonna
head over to Amazon or Ebay and see if I
can find one of these GameCube component
outs yeah first I go to Amazon cuz I am
maybe Amazon has it on Amazon $300
that's a lot of money for a Gamecube no
no just a cord just record okay so go
alright we'll head over to ebay I bet
there's a Chinese knockoff eBay the
cheapest I could find it was two hundred
and eighty dollars
right what it is is this it is this
incredibly specialized cord that has a
up processor built into the cable with
Nintendo proprietary Hardware inside of
it Jack yeah you do not like piracy we
know that I do not like piracy you you
then presumably own your your GameCube
discs right I have them playing all the
stuff on the stuff that I there is it
there there's a piece of software that
will emulate your Gamecube yes I believe
it's called the dolphin okay yeah you
can you can install that any later you
know then it's not piracy because you
put your disc that you own and bought
and paid for and it's a physical item
that you own and you can put that in
there still and it would have led from
the disc one my computer doesn't have a
disk drive but I could always buy a disk
drive you could um my computer my nice
gaming PC does not have a disk drive
because I didn't think I would need one
and you could always you know get a USB
one or whatever that to me is a piracy
grain here that isn't not at all Apaches
you the games were added your dad played
online system you're not stealing any
software right you're stealing zero
software just feeling zero software
you're stealing a hard work you're not
stealing hardware
you're stealing Hardware you're not
stealing Hardware playing it on
something it was not intended oh it's an
emulation of that hardware right the
hardware that you didn't play if pay for
so you steal the hardware
I am saying this is a morally gray pay
for your computer I did not pay Nintendo
for my computer so what that's that's
where it turns into a morally gray area
for me you sound like my sister hey now
wait is that is that an insult or is
that a compliment
the hardware that you want right and
that's where it turns into greater
because if I own the game and I own a
gamecube is it really piracy I I'm
taking the stance that it still
technically is no it is not in any way
shape or form by by any definition
except for your own peculiar crazy one
it first of all it very much is you are
justifying the piracy by saying well I
own this no it's not we just had this
you're emulating the hardware you are
yes you are emulating the hardware there
is hard when there is nothing illegal
about them or emulating the hardware
that you did not there is zero things
legal about emulating the hardware no no
I'm not saying about illegal it's a
moral issue you are not paying for the
hardware that you should pay for so
you're buying the games yeah which
Nintendo wants you to buy because they
make money off the games yeah and you
think they're gonna be upset because
well you didn't buy the hardware which
is a loss leader so you will buy the
games
no well Nintendo never loses on their
hardware Nintendo has by the way that
you can't use that argument in Tendo you
can use that for Xbox
oh no and by the way I know like this is
all semantics because like I bought my
Gamecube from a second-hand dealership
which Nintendo isn't making any money
off of and I got my games from a
secondhand dealership with with
Nintendo's making oh it's you know what
you know what Jack huh you're right the
simple easy solution that is 100% legal
it's morally great you know what it's
you go out yeah and you buy a $300 cord
so you can play the games on your actual
Gamecube Jack but it's the right thing
to do you go out and do that right now
by the way no I don't tell you don't go
home and tell your wife that you know
what even though there's absolutely
nothing illegal about it I did not like
the idea of downloading this free
software so I went to the store and
bought a $300 cable first of all I would
never even if I bought it I would never
tell her I bought it because though
that's a fight waiting to happen but
here we had to restart I did oh sure
I'll never remember what it is I I know
you told me a few times I told you a few
times
give me a second here guys
no no and by the way you don't need the
cable like I can play it like we're
playing this on the TV right now without
a cable you know right you don't need
the cable to play it just gives you a
slightly more crisp image it was just
funny like you would get playing on the
dolphin and I can give like it was it'd
be like for Christmas
you might've you might be able to find
like user-made mobs that like you know
up the resolution on texture no and I'm
sure like I could actually take my old
control I bet they'd have a Gamecube 2
USB adapter so I could use this they
almost certainly do as a newa speaking I
know I'm sure like it by the way I'm not
arguing that it would be a lovely
experience it would be a lovely
experience right it's just to you know
I'm I take kind of a hard-line stance
here and and I got to stick with that
because once because once you start
making exceptions you can keep on making
exceptions all the way down so I I take
my hard-line stance and I take it pretty
seriously so if you start up a with this
a minor exception you're gonna build up
the Flik full-blown piracy is that what
you're saying well once once you start
saying do you support the legalization
of pot say it again like you know you're
saying you're saying the dolphin with
your own disc that you own is a gateway
drug yeah piracy absolutely do you
support the legalization of marijuana
not only that I support the legalization
of every drug that's a gateway drug Jack
I start doing pot born the crack cocaine
I support the legal as the heroines of
every drug ok ok
absolutely make it all legal let people
pay for it even though they're going to
you can't stop people from doing stupid
stuff jack support no I do not support
jaywalking I go to every fucking
crosswalk every time even if it's out of
my way because I am a stickler for that
shit I'm a I'm a I'm a square rich you
know that I'm a square
I am a giant square yeah your head is
clearly round
Lisa Lisa yells at me constantly cuz
you'll just want to cross the street and
jaywalk and I will say we wait we are
going to the lights and we are using
that goddamn crosswalk those are the
rules those are the rules okay so by the
way the Tomic mousetrap says yes isn't
this on target here on target stay on
target
the retron 5 is a third company piece of
hardware yeah that can play physical NES
games right is that piracy the you are
201 once upon a time I believe you
looked into we looked into the
restaurant five and here's what I will
say about that it actually made
third-party NES consoles later yeah
because the copyright for the hard for
the hardware had run out so like there
is there is a world in which NES
emulation is perfectly legal and
acceptable okay like I said there's a
there's a moral area that I'm Jack I
think the retron 5 is morally great it
could I think that's as good as piracy I
don't have it so it couldn't end is not
getting the money for that hardware
right you're stealing that hardware I
don't have it snack off its knockoff
hardware I don't own a retron rich this
is moot as I do not own oh look at this
Oh a sec I don't know what I have to do
I'll tell you that did you just start is
this a new game no this is not a new
game do you want to start a new game do
you think no you do did you play from
your early early Mars I'm not I'm not
terribly far like I just we don't you
know maybe maybe people want to you know
what yeah let's just you're not far then
fuck it let's just start a new game here
anonymous says hello jack and rich hi
anonymous question how do we get out of
here what if I already owned a pair of
Nike shoes Oh what is it ok if I steal
an other pair or is it okay if I buy a
knockoff pair of Nike made illegally
Thanks
well this isn't the same thing as
stealing a pair of Nikes for one we're
talking about using the discs which is
like saying can I use my Nike shoes in
my hands if I want but the shoes I
already own can I do something go mmm
not really
your analogy is bad because Jack would
still be using his shoes he's not
replacing his shoes with an artificial
pair of shoes or a stolen pair of shoes
Jack would be using his shoes yeah
Nerra yeah that's that's kind of tricky
there we go
okay we're gonna start a new game new
game yeah and you know what because I'm
a super square I usually go link that's
what I usually do you know I do the same
type of thing you know it's fine that's
all fine that's all fine all right let's
start this there's a brand new game
Oracle of Seasons this takes place when
chronologically I think this takes place
after ocarina chronologically huh as far
as the great Zelda timeline is concerned
so you're already the hero and Zen and
Zelda which which hero are you you're
the hero of time you hear of time in
this yes chat chat after ocarina yeah
you're the hero of time so I'm saying
it's after Link's Awakening I don't know
maybe you're another new link there's
always a new link I know know what I so
don't care about that this is they talk
about like Zelda like Zelda like sent at
me here to protect this person from
Ganon Ganon's not the bad guy oh here we
go you don't care yeah I know you don't
care about the chronologic the the yeah
the Hyrule oh yeah every link is
different that is not true that's not
true like ours mask there's one that is
most definitely the link from route the
the Phantom Hourglass link is the same
this is most definitely the same link as
winwaker yeah there's a couple other
ones too or they're the same link like
so uh wait aren't you the same link in
link to links adventure uh well that
could be some kind of weird translation
thing I think you're supposed to be
though that just could be what the hell
they translated it for America you know
sure but I think you're supposed to be
the same link
I have the timeline book right here ya
figure out who I oh look at this look at
this group of gypsies Here I am oh look
hey here's Impa use EMPA the troops cook
blink I see din the dancing girl found
you collapsed in the woods she's cared
for you through your nightmares sweet
ass din so what is what is what is the
background on this game what this is it
right here I don't mean in-game I mean
in real life this wasn't made by
Nintendo uh well it's not it's you know
obviously produced by Nintendo developed
by Capcom yeah this is a Nintendo Capcom
collaboration and they're fantastic
games and this game came out
simultaneously with Oracle of Ages which
are two very different games that you
can then use the link cable to like link
together yeah cuz that this was like
when the gameboy color introduced the
link cable where you could like wave
shit with something ham with the video
we are cut off horribly go to them go to
the rooms who is we are not at all
perfect wait
now we're pretty close oh wait I think I
did something low we're pretty close but
you've got some hearts missing but I
mean you guys know what the hearts are
you know okay I'll figure they're
freaking anal-retentive of legs we'll
resize it I'll fix it so this is Oracle
of Seasons this is Oracle of Seasons
the other one is Oracle of Ages correct
you are correct rich and there was a
special thing where you could link
though I wanted there we go change the
size of it
right yeah I get it look we had a little
black it's fine it's close enough it's
frickin that's freaking close enough
there that's pretty good okay
now you guys can see all the things we
see I hope you're happy all right yeah
we're not gonna get to these chip tips
for a while why would I say I don't know
I'm just like I keep her in a ding ding
ding ding ding ding ding everything
there we go
which pixel is the game snap oh snap
classic Oh din has been caring freeze
look at look at how they set up a good
spoiler learned in is about to get
straight-up kidnapped but first you know
we got to do do a little bump and grind
here we go
all right nothing wrong with a little
bump and grind and we know there's the
two games Oracle in seasons yeah you
know originally I'm supposed to be a
third no I wasn't it wasn't going to be
it wasn't gonna be Oracle's and Ages it
was going to be courage wisdom and power
oh that's a funny yeah yeah but like the
ages in the season thing I remember you
complaining a lot about ocarina and how
they didn't have many time puzzles that
was like what's important you know why I
got that gimmick and then you don't
really use it there's one dungeon where
they kind of use it and then but in ages
end season you actually have to use the
changing of the seasons and the ages for
puzzles ok so ok so there there is like
you know it makes sense
the names okay
and I want to say din hero then they're
gonna tell us in a second that's why we
started a new game Diniz
wait why can't I dance with you din I
think I'm supposed to dance with you
don't be shy dancing will be fun okay
here we go oh look at din got a little
and look at link that will a moe alright
we'll dance with you totally a white guy
uh-uh
what do i do what do I do it's great
Dubey sandwiches soubise sandwich thanks
for the shout out from last stream
albeit I wasn't there and was a goof say
rich now that you pre-bought Vanquish on
pc do you still plan to get rid of your
ps3 oh well Koff fuck wasn't fuck my flu
sad face oh is it as yes I'm sorry about
that that you've said that in the past
that you are only holding on to the ps3
for Vanquish it's a result you don't it
it was only a it's an exaggeration but
only a slight one okay it's like my
reasons to have a ps3 though are
definitely dwindling mmm-hmm like you
know there was a vanquish there's the
Arkham games those are all to be MPC now
yeah yeah still got the ninja gaiden
games I like Ninja Gaiden Sigma a ninja
gaiden 2 Sigma but you know those
probably won't ever be on PC so I got
that and I got from software's 3d Dot
Heroes oh right I have us ps3 ok
so I'll keep my I'm gonna keep my ps3
around having it having it hooked up at
all times will not be a priority but it
is now because of vanquish it has gone
down a peg it's gone down a major peg
ooh
you cannot escape onyx general of
darkness rich that's who we're fighting
here onyx the general of darkness I love
it
oh and it has a blu-ray player if you
don't have a standalone blu-ray player
is that true with the ps3 uh yeah yeah
that's nice that's nice
one I never use blu-rays though you have
the option though yeah yeah ah did I
think I eventually got um blu-ray drive
for the PC I believe oh yeah well uh
nevermind is Jack ever gonna finish near
nope don't care about it I have nothing
against near for crying out loud there's
just not enough time to play all of the
games and known existence what I do I
didn't hook me we played a few hours and
it didn't hook me there are games that
we have played on stream for the first
time and I go oh I want to get into that
a little bit more and near didn't do it
jet you never saw my reaction to hearing
vanquish was on PC now because I heard
about it off stream yes and and rich
knows was happy though people are still
tweeting at me they're not tweeting at
pre records they're tweeting at me to
tell you hey this is why I don't have an
Twitter you know what I don't need to be
I don't need to get like a hundred and
fifty tweets about this you can get a
hundred and fifty tweet and I just I
hear about news I need to hear about you
look very convenient you're welcome I'll
be your shield okay
gosh darn it that's 85 says hey you
fucks I I got prey and it's just like
rocket League and totally not exactly
like Bioshock I never had anything else
Bioshock I know you're trying to get me
to play pray by osha hackles fine yeah
but it was a fine game i just don't have
time for prep also rich you
mispronounced Wolfenstein the O is short
like Oh Cara now I don't even remember
anymore I don't even remember anymore o
karna Ocarina ocarina oh there you go
okay Okinawa so is this for you is this
Revere I'm Wow
Stein boy Finch team I think it's a
water finch times 450 oh okay so I'm not
this is not like room so - Jo
Wolfenstein if it's supposed to be like
ocarina wow Finch time it's a perfect
time for valve Einstein Stephen
Wolfenstein Wolfenstein was awesome that
was that was my favorite birthday gift
because I came out of nowhere I had no
idea it exists it no but that gave me a
copy of freaking Wolfenstein 3d of it oh
my god it's like it's me oh I'm holding
the gun one and yes you could strafe
oh yeah Luton shine is tough to get your
head around I am I am I am 90% sure
there was a strafe key we hold on strafe
I'll tell you now that I've gotten used
to it I can kick some fucking ass in
loof Tinch time the boss would have been
freaking impossible in that game if you
couldn't right
okay here's the backstory
this is Impa the nurse of Hyrule's
princess zelda and Den's no dancer
either she is actually the Oracle of
Seasons who wields control over the
forces of nature zelda has mystical
powers that told of a curtain of shadow
drawing around in I was instructed to
take her to Hyrule in secret zelda gave
me this quest but oh I've been wounded I
know I won't be able to travel for some
time ah link I know not why you were
lying in the woods but you and din were
fated to meet if the triangle on your
left hand is real then you may be the
hero who will save the world
what so I believe this is in the tie if
you go through the stupid Zelda timeline
uh-huh
one of the timelines is at the end of
ocarina zelda sends kid link back in
time to warn of Ganon mm-hm and so
technically you didn't do any of the
hero shit in this timeline because you
warned everyone Afghan and so you didn't
get to go on an adventure and so this
happens afterwards I think that's this
timeline
please use your power to aid in please
take my message to the make coutry of
whole Ron village the Megu tree is the
guardian of all hollow drum surely he
can help
oh it's kind of linking to the timeline
which I'm not going to look at because I
so don't give I don't remember like I
know that timeline is awful and I
remember like way back in the day
watching a video on that timeline and
they're like and all the timeline
theorists we're wondering where this
would fall until Nintendo announced a
third timeline and you look fucking
fucked is the dumbest thing right what
if timeline now god no there's the
there's the there's the young link gets
sent back their time travel allows for
young link timeline and old link
timeline those are the two you get the
third one isn't made up what if they
could die right which I mean technically
speaking if you played that game link
probably died at some point so so
elegant and well thought-out and
beautiful oh they knew what they were
doing those those Nintendo those
storytelling architects oh it's like and
for anyone who believes that like of
course Nintendo didn't know what the
fuck they were doing ah he I fell down a
hole fantasy in wonder a mystery and
nope well like they didn't know they're
doing it on this timeline a the sword is
pulled in and timeline B and then jesus
fucking christ like of course i didn't
know what they were doing at first and
then like them trying to shoehorn it all
together and i mean you have it's in the
fucking title any kind of
inconsistencies you throw away myth
legend whoever gore the details are lost
a time there you go there you go any
kind of timeline issue you have you have
wave the legend banner and it doesn't
matter pretty much but i don't need to
do this silly fucking ultra nerdy
timeline shit oh you know what here's
the thing you don't need to do it it is
kind of fun i think it's kind of fun and
not at all
at some point it was fun right now it's
convoluted the point where it's just
high rolling is like you can't take it
seriously it's too dumb right but it's
like it's fun like it's like that fan
theory that all the Pixar movies take
place in the same universe that's a
that's fun you're trying to connect the
fucking universe that Twilight Princess
takes in the universe that fucking Wind
Waker takes place in right no those
aren't different timelines
haha oh no all right now originally this
is every timeline you see they know the
one existed when the kid went back and
the other existed when when the kid went
back in Zelda didn't have a hero of time
and because she didn't have a dear time
actually more evil came back later and
that's what caused the Great Flood
because she said to hear her back began
and came back as she failed as a ruler
but in Twilight she sent the kid back
with the kids succeeded but Ganon still
came back because evil never really goes
away so rich it's a well-thought-out
timeline you know you know what the
problem what does all the timeline is
with that it reeks of wudu hide
voodoo hide it reeks of wudu how does
that mean the Star Wars Darth Vader
helmet was polished with wudu hide that
kind of obsessively filling in all of
the deep
we need to how did were the guest star
plans come from like specifically we
need to we haven't seen that stuff it's
like that yes I'm with it and I can't
stand it and but like I agree that the
fan base takes it too far
it can be fun yeah fun with it like you
know I don't exist
I can't take it seriously this is all
the timeline I just can't
agreed
I'm with you all right where am I at
were Miami just this guy you notice I
still might see guardians in the theater
please continue to argue about piracy
for the next four hours instead of
talking about guardians where I start
talking about it at some point Jax Jax
into his game right now so I'm gonna
hold a little bit after I get the sword
and talked to the Megu tree then then
I'm thinking a lot of just battle stuffs
gonna happen so okay but you know we can
start talking about it any time you want
to rich because I mean I have some ah
you know I have some things to say about
guardians I have some strong opinions on
guardians but here's what I will say
yeah it's not a bad movie I loved it I
know you I loved it you texted me to say
you loved it it's not a bad movie and
you know if you want to see the theater
is probably good place to see it's got
big bold visuals you might like it if I
came in theater I can name an issue or
two but it's far out balanced by things
I like in sea meets the other way like I
can name a lot of things that I really
like but it's far out balanced by things
I have issues with okay so there is one
problem I will identify okay you want to
get into now ah let's do it do you sure
why not
what else we're gonna fuckin talk about
okay and what's that doesn't matter
alright what's matter we're tired my
melon hey guys with super Guardian
spoilers now so I loved it and you
didn't that's where we're at and I
didn't hate it
I just felt pretty mad about it leaning
towards didn't kind of kind of didn't
like it my problem with the first one
whatever whatever whatever other
nitpicks I may have had about the first
one when I once again there were a lot
of things I liked about the first one
well love the characters mostly oh yeah
good great characters um I hated the
third act yeah right so dumb yeah we're
gonna go in there I'm gonna just we're
gonna shoot at him you know I'm gonna
just that's this work it wouldn't it's
just so dumb compared to the the
craziness and fun and adventure that
came before right and of core
not to derail you too much but I really
liked the dumb plan because that was
very in character Peter quill I will
just go in there and shoot Adam I what I
specifically hated was the the
friendship is magic let's all of us
let's all hold hands and be an anti
climactic and ending ending on one hand
the power of friendship yeah but that
you know what the cancer mother thing
where he sees the mother holding out the
hand almost makes that work oh it almost
adds it adds an extra layer to that
ending which is lame okay okay it as
little as little as a little something
to a bad ending okay all right
like he's okay he's finally he's finally
you about to deal with what happened to
his mother okay okay a 12% yeah a 12% of
flat like I I like because if it was
anyone else making the plan it wouldn't
make sense but because it's Peter quill
who is essentially you know a giant
manchild that would be his plan I don't
know we all shoot at it and we crash the
ship and we just work it out man that's
that's so in character of star-lord so
that's why I couldn't I couldn't fault
him for that plan but guardians to
there's a man who who spent his entire
life running from things yeah not not
facing what happened not anymore
those that one thing the ending of
guardians had going for it and of
guardians one the aryans one yeah yeah
yeah I'm with you I like that I like
that yeah Guardian stick guardians to
basically all of my complaints who are
going to boil down at all but the vast
majority of my complaints for guardians
to are going to boil down to the number
one rule of good filmmaking which is
show don't tell
this happened a ton in the first movie
and I just figured that's because they
had a ton of characters to introduce in
a whole new universe to introduce but
now that we're in the second movie and
we're just supposed to deal with
characterization I realize it's just gum
it's just the way in which James Gunn
makes film which is he loves to tell you
stuff instead of showing that I need an
example okay well let's you know what we
can start right at the beginning sure
after they defeat the interdimensional
monster okay they are about to go meet
the golden people yeah and before they
go to meet the golden people Peter has a
little speech about the golden people so
and and if you remember he's like he's
like so rocket we have to make sure we
don't piss off these golden people
because they're really prideful and
though they'll be really vindictive if
we if we speak down to them he gives a
little back story of the golden people
yeah which is literally him telling us
something instead of us just figuring
out that there's vengeful or spiteful
mm-hmm so telling not showing that's
that's no that is a small example well
as we go throughout the film I can give
you many more examples I I noticed no
examples like that that would pull me
out of the film and yeah it just did for
me okay so if so you know we can we can
go on we have we also have like if I'm
gonna is intent was just like a series
of little things that you don't like
it's well it's a series of little things
so basically every single time we get to
a tell don't show moment or kind of a
plot inconsistency that doesn't make a
lot of sense what that does is lessen
the emotional impact and the character
in packs of the movie and so just it's
like I said it's not bad it just turns
it into kind of a weak movie you say it
lessened emotionally I got plenty of
motional impacts out of that movie man
right and and and I didn't like
so let's so if we can take it a little
chronic sure sure for the movie so then
we get to Xena they go away from the
gold people and an ego saves them from
the gold people are me right yeah and
then it's not them discovering that ego
is Peter's father it's ego just gotta
hate on me dad like oh like you know the
characters didn't do anything to discuss
well no he's got a personality
not unlike Peter right right again it
fit again none of these things
individually or specifically make it
it's when you add them all up together
then we have the most egregious tell
don't show which is the entirety of egos
backstory which is literally given to us
via PowerPoint presentation how the fuck
else you get egos backstory oh listen
I'm I'm not saying I have a better idea
I'm saying he gave a monologue about his
backstory with PowerPoint presentations
I want you to do that sure without
expository dialogue maybe and you know
what I thought his backstory was
interesting I was like oh that's neat
I'm not saying it wasn't interesting I'm
saying I don't want I don't want a radio
play when I watch a movie I want to see
stuff happening uh-huh I want my Vista's
now it's not about Vista's so so a
better way to do something like egos
backstory right like one how much
backstory do you need there how or how
much can you dole out a lot it's a weird
concept for most audiences it is a weird
concept so you need a lot so then
instead of the monologue PowerPoint
presentation dump you pepper in his
backstory through later scenes that
maybe the characters can discover
themselves because we have this whole
subplot of like Gomorrah being skeptical
of ego yeah and the planet right what
did Gomorrah do to to figure stuff out
about what was going on wrong with egos
planet I'll agree with you there
there's nothing here we get to my only
real issues movie first one I thought
the third act was extremely weak second
one yeah I think the second act is a
little weak so we don't disagree on much
except for I also think the first act is
weak per second per second work for me
man
yeah I loved it oh yeah um yeah yeah I
you needed to do more with with everyone
on egos planet
lot of lot of attention went to yondu
and rocket and i'm fault them for that
that was all good stuff that was a great
sequence absolutely but they needed to
do something more with ego and Peter
other than throwing the ball around
there needed that
that's deduction there needed they
needed to do something to like start
driving a wedge between him and his
friends rights we need things we needed
that yeah I would have it would have
helped if like Gamora were like doing
some kind of investigation that would
have been nice and then we get all those
scenes of his backstory and you know
maybe some of them are good like oh he
went out and II know he sought new life
in maybe Gamora starts to you know doubt
her suspicions and then we kind of
naturally learn about his back for oh
but that throw the ball thing by the way
so so I didn't hate it I just you need
to do more than that so but here's
here's the thing so one throwing a ball
between a dad no son is already the most
cliched father-son moment ever right but
do you remember when he was talking with
Gamora and in the jungle before he went
to egos planet remind me specifically he
gave a speech about how sad he was that
his dad wasn't around and wanting to
throw the ball around with like he
mentioned specifically wanting to throw
a ball around with his dad because other
kids had dad he gave a monologue about
how sad he was as a kid okay that is
another example of telling the audience
something instead of maybe a flashback a
flashback that could have showed us how
sad he was it was a speech in which it
was a scene in which he gave a speech a
speech with a super cliched moment that
was then shown to us like the cliched
came true right uh-uh
it was the anyway sorry that was just
another example of a tell don't show
mama is III think we have his case is
something bothering you that just didn't
bother me
Oh exactly no and I again I'm not saying
it was a bad movie it had a lot of fun
moments and like you know you know what
moment I really loved a situation in
which gun did it super right yeah so
like mantis is an empathic care yeah
right and she creates this little bond
with Drax which was very funny yeah I
really like their interaction and
there's this one moment where Drax is
remembering his daughter if you remember
he said he's he's sitting with mantis
and he's remembering his daughter and he
never really mentioned like my daughter
is dead and I'm sad he's just sad yeah
and mantis touches him and mantis feels
his sadness and you know nothing's
spoken right and then that's the moment
where mantis finally decides to help
them hmm that's when she turns the
corner right and like there's a lovely
scene of showing the audience what is
happening without having anyone give a
monologue and that just didn't happen a
lot of the movie every every other major
sequence that is a plot twist or turn
someone gives a monologue I I just know
I watched the movie yeah I loved it and
I don't remember that many show not tell
monologues that annoyed me I did not
have that experience so like another
classic example like that the the yondu
rocket that whole them and the Ravagers
was great yeah that was super fun scene
right
but like afterwards yondu and rocket
have a monologue off about rockets
characterization yondu yells at rocket
and and gives a bullet point of all of
his character flaws and why he's doing
that instead of us just figuring that
out for ourselves we get a monologue at
the front with Sylvester Stallone about
why yondu is leaving the Ravagers which
we don't understand at all where did
that even come from right we get a
monologue ego has a monologue about all
his evil plans that ends in and by the
way I killed your mom which was one of
the stupidest lines uttered in a Marvel
movie why would he why would he tell
Peter that why would he T tell Peter
that he doesn't there is no reason for
him to tell Peter that he he's probably
more sure that Peters gonna come to his
side of thinking why would you why would
you not want to be like ego it's in his
name he is ego hahaha Touche knowing
like I like that sequence did have a
little like I think the problem there
was just his overconfidence is ego maybe
of course of course you're gonna help me
you know spread throughout the galaxy ya
know and you know like that scene that
sequence did have a little bit of it
like Peter's being hypnotized to kind of
vibe to it
but that was such a harsh turn you know
where he's like we're gonna we're gonna
take over all the planets with the black
goo and Peter's like alright and I'm
gonna kill everyone and all your friends
okay and I killed your mom what that
he'll turn was was I rolling to me I
thought it was great
oh god what he just he just doesn't say
a word he just fucking starts blowing
ego for holes that was great I couldn't
enjoy because I can't all that was going
on in my head is why did you just
explain your evil plot to the one guy
that can challenge you go
he thought of course he's gonna go along
with me why wouldn't you want to be a
god because he only spent two hours with
him you need more time and come you
don't want he did it was like exactly
like at the end of the movie it's like
if you kill me you're gonna be just like
them why would you want that but there
was that so ego thing but you know what
this was another problem I had with
guardians 1 which was that was a payoff
that didn't have a proper setup like
egos ego wasn't really like he was kind
of egotistical but kind of just
light-hearted and suave it we never got
to see a situation in which his ego got
the best of him in a small manner to set
up that moment that was the big payoff
right that characterization was never
explained
oh listen Ronan the accuser was not a
good villain
I'm with you on that run the accuser was
super weak but so many tell don't our
show moments and and you know I I'm not
saying I'm not saying that like anyone
is wrong for liking the movie it had a
lot of good it had a lot of good parts
to it it had a lot of good character
parts to it it was an interesting
universe but for me all of those tell
don't show moments took me right out of
it every single time and then they were
like a lot of really dumb like one-line
fixes for for setups where like like at
like rocket and yondu they have to they
have that super silly sequence where
they make 700 space jumps and I have the
goofy ideas and they go through the
goofy liaise right and then yeah who's
like what are you doing man that was way
too many jumps and he's like the way you
were talking about ego I knew we had to
get here super fast it's just a silly
scene where they have distorted faces
right but but like it served a purpose
in the movie and it was explained poorly
and that took me out of it and it took
me out of it because I was listening to
too many speeches so I wasn't fully
invested it was the first served
I saw there's just a silly little thing
they did well they haven't they needed
to get to ego yeah look at it they could
have just went there they didn't need to
have the right 700 jump exactly I also
did now I was just a goofy thing so I
didn't care for the 700 that visual
light didn't yeah thing for me no
comically but it didn't ruin the movie
for me either oh no like I said these
are all just little things that kept me
out of the overall movie okay these are
all just low kang's that kept me out of
the overall movie I did maybe I think
it's just James gunz's particular
comedic stylings and I just don't care
for it maybe that's what it is like the
that whole to remember nebulas
back-story speech on the Ravager ship
another monologue backs another
backstory monologue
my father told me apart and and now I
will I will use all of my power to
defeat my sister and my father because
my childhood blah blah and then that was
immediately cut undercut with like a
wiseass comment that's so James Gunn and
I got so sick of it
chap never go see a Shakespearean play
with Jack I probably would never ever do
that why you don't think I would like it
or you don't think they would like it I
just don't Oh cuz the monologue I get I
get it oh so what so uh is what you're
saying I'm saying guardians volume two
is fuckin Shakespearean Jack so what
you're saying is it belongs on a stage
and not a movie I get it no I get it
you're right rich
I agree the visuals weren't that strong
it wasn't good visual story no visuals I
loved the look of the movie I loved the
that's kind of 70s 80s vibe but just
saturated in the visuals were fun no the
visuals were fine but by the way
Shakespeare wrote for the stage he did
not write in a visual medium if you want
to like if that's your oh yeah you're
right you're right this was a really
good stage play
you idiots what are you doing what are
you doing I am I am fine to a disagreed
to disagree on all this guy I enjoyed it
a lot more than the first one oh yeah I
see an idea I kind of want to see it
again yeah and I don't often go to see a
movie in the theater twice I'm tempted
to see this again really yeah I just
didn't do it for me like the first one
at least had some fresh new characters
and some fresh new scientists all love
mantis no and the Mantis and Drax thing
was really fun and I would argue that
guardians to termed yondu into a whole
new character this movie took two
villains and made me look at them in an
entirely new light nebula and yondu
another here's another good thing about
the movie yeah I see people in Chad
saying I think Jack's digging his heels
a little too hard into these minor
nitpicks but there were so many minor
things that I could never get fully
invested into the movie and so I'm just
trying to explain all of my minor in
epics here's something I actually really
enjoyed the nebula Gamora thing that was
that was again another visual
storytelling done very correctly except
for of course the nebula model but you
know that that thing where nebula
crashes onto egos planet and just starts
violently ramming the spaceship through
the cave because she's you know because
she has that anger and even like you
know even after she's failed because her
anger gomorrah's still the good one she
still saves her and after she saves her
nebula has Gamora finally and she
doesn't know what to do with herself
that was beautiful that was beautiful
moment and that's what started the
nebula okay fine I guess I'll help you
that you know that's what that's what
changed the situation a we get to see a
visual representation of a character's
point of view changing and that's the
good thing okay this is something I've
not seen anybody else point out yeah I'm
like I'd like to talk about how
brilliant Karen can be hmm she noticed
something that I just totally did not
notice I'm curious if anybody else did
yeah when we got out of the theater
Karen was talking about how ego was
cancer is sure is it'll plan yeah to
spread throughout the galaxy he's no
cancer your body thinks cancer is your
friend
well when cancer starts off it's just
another cell in your body cellular
growth right and then it's selfishly
just spreads and spreads and all kids
are cares about is spreading and until
everything else is dead yeah like that
ego just doesn't care about anything
else he selfishly wants to spread
himself yeah throughout the entire
fucking universe so at the end of that
movie
ego didn't just give his mother cancer
Peter quill is literally beating the
shit out of the cancer that killed his
mother that's innate that's a good take
by the way that's a really good take
that's a really good take I wish I cared
about any of it at the end of it I cared
a great deal when they when they started
playing Fleetwood Mac at the end the
chain yeah I was so pumped I was so into
it oh I just wasn't
I just wasn't like you know if you look
at the other part of that ending it's
kind of there's there's this whole like
biological father versus stepfather
thing that's happening with yondu and
ego right none of it was set up properly
but we get to this end where we're you
know like from from a protagonists
standpoint how that should have ended is
Peter choosing the father who cared for
him over the father that birthed him hmm
but we don't get that I got that enough
from his advice that kind of taught
Peter how to properly use the power of n
I don't fly the arrows with my head that
whole thing I that's what I got out of
that but at that point Peter was already
fighting ego like that should have been
the character turn is is a yondu versus
ego situation in which Peter has to
literally choose between his biological
father and his and his adopted adoptive
father right and then like that whole
thing about yondu and stealing the kids
and like all of that was to me was
ham-fisted into the scripts
I thought none of it played well and I
can see everyone I can see everyone in
the chat disagreeing with me and by the
way
by the way I am NOT saying it is a bad
movie I am saying that I couldn't get
into it because of all of these little
minor things oh wait I see someone
agrees with me
all right that's great I it's not that I
want formulaic filmmaking I want a
visual filmmaker I want someone to tell
the stories through the actions and
visuals they say they say that a you
know this is this is like like Stan Stan
Lee's nuff said issues a good comic book
you don't need any words that's just
bonus I would put Stan Lee completely
had a fucking job considering that his
artist the Marvel method right his
artist for the ones writing that shit
exhibit gen Lee would just come along
later and put fuckin worms in there that
was literally his job right right but
later you know he also assured those
guys a little bit but maybe right in you
know Jayco got plot credit plot credit
on the amazing spider-man oh yeah
because he was effectively writing the
book then Stan Lee and I'm assuming this
person saying something like this well
you know what some words are nice but
this is what I'm saying
Jack wins a new prize you know I just
like it like I said it's to me they were
they're a bunch of really small moments
and I wasn't really into the humor so it
didn't gel for me right
it just didn't gel for me not a bad
movie but I had it's fun like so many
nitpick so I was like add anyone can
live whatever anyone wants like I don't
give exactly existing that I love that
movie and I can I want to see it again
like that you know
I'm slightly surprised but I understand
that because I know we came out of you
the first guardians feeling pretty
similarly about it which is like yeah
yeah yeah we mad about him um
yeah you like this you like this pale
pale white meat here we'll get through
this we'll get through this tree here Oh
Jack didn't like the humor that explains
everything he's entitled to his opinion
even though he is so so wrong you know I
don't I'd here's here's what like some
of the humor played really well like
some of it was really fun I every time
that there were every time there was a
swelling emotional moment undercut by a
wiseass comment you could see it coming
a mile away and so I you can't to me I
couldn't get into any of the emotional
moments that's guardians that's good
right and that's his style and so what
I'm saying is like that means I can't
get into the emotional moment because I
know that a joke is coming and I know
that the joke is coming so I don't laugh
at the joke yeah so what what does rich
think of the scenes with the sovereign I
I don't have anything particularly
insightful to say other than I like the
sovereign I like the concept I I like
that they're uh they're uh Starfleet was
effectively like an arcade yeah those
nice cute like everyone just gathered
around the one that's left yeah that was
a really fun scene I agree which you
know this movie wants it to be the 80s
like 80s arcade you know Gavin round
looking at the guy getting the high
score and that's very deliberate yeah I
just thought it was neat yeah that was
neat that was need no and I I mean just
that that whole sequence was really fun
the the whole like the whole Drax like
just jumping out of the ship to use a
handgun to shoot this ship down that was
hilarious that was great
yeah and that was really fun where'd
somebody mentioned that they think Drax
has a death wish I think he thought it
wants to be with his family I think he
said that explicitly in the first one
did he know we I don't they think he
said he wanted to die they did you want
it want a revenge well it wasn't about
it's not about dying for him he does not
fear death sure I think that was it in
the first and the speculation is that
could be because he wants to be dead
oh sure well you know what maybe we
could get a more Drax focused movie yeah
and I can't wait I'm all on board for
volume 3 at this point and like there
there's a bunch of like there's a bunch
of like little stuff like I said a bunch
of little stuff like like for example in
in that first sequence when they're
going through the asteroid field we
start to set up some of the conflicts
that will hopefully be resolved through
the movies right yeah one of those
conflicts is the team not working well
together we can only assume this takes
place relatively soon after the first
movie and Peter and rocket have their
little disagreement right about who's
going to fly the ship and that causes
them to crash personal conflict causes
something bad to happen hopefully that
will be resolved through the movie mmm
it doesn't really like nothing ever
really comes from that like they never
they never do anything to resolve the
tension I'll agree that that little bit
didn't really go other unless want a
friend that it's just raccoon being
jerked people and shoving people away
they're trying to illustrate that right
sure and so the commercial speech
afterwards does undercut it if that was
the angle they were taking I don't know
like I don't know and so it's like but
then it's like so then the raccoon
turned into less of a jerk because he
got a speech form on do like they didn't
you know they didn't do anything to
resolve it is it was was the oh that's
why he repeated it
go to the giant route near the lake up
north okay I need to go to the giant
route to the lake up north
did have a real path yeah and you know
I'm sure there's morgues as we talk more
and more about gardens too there's
there's just a ton of little minor paths
with the rocket story at the funeral
scene in the end
yondu was like him but even though even
though yondu thought he had driven his
friends away well he really didn't hope
hope this is a little doesn't mightor
payoff to that now there was and all I
was thinking of during that during that
was like so he gets kicked out of the
ravaged yondu gets kicked out of the
Ravagers yeah for for stealing children
yes and the Ravinder and the Revengers
said get out of here you're still chill
we don't find that out so later even
though that happened that happened at
the beginning and I was really confused
as to why he was getting kicked out of
the Ravagers but at the end we figure
out that it's cause he's still chilling
they said that line during the beginning
met him you might have missed it but
they he sold children who's up like that
oh sure sure but like I didn't
understand like because again obviously
selling children was against the rules I
get that but we were hopping in the
middle of a conversation without proper
setup like what wait he stole Chino we
know he did that with Peter quill in the
first one right I'm just saying like oh
is this just about star-lord or what is
that was 100 percent set up ahead of
time oh no no he came out of nowhere
they came from the first movie he stole
one kid he gets kicked out for stealing
one kid who ended up saving the galaxy
you're welcome right so okay so he gets
kicked out for stealing children right
Oh
and then at the end he he helps defeat
ego saving a lot of planets in the
galaxy and and so they like he they told
the Ravagers this right and they we
assume like that's why the Ravagers came
to give him the special funeral like hey
he helped save the galaxy yeah but like
the Ravagers trust them like why would
we believe you assholes he saw to stick
up for you like like just the whole
Ravagers organizations trust of Raccoon
to like to be like Oh
you're right and he's a good guy let's
give him the full-on funeral it was more
like even though he was ostracized they
still cared about him this is what I
took away from that yeah there's gonna
be a funeral form no matter what we
needed we needed like one more side kick
out of that one more scene in there in
which maybe the Ravagers were I don't
know
no are they gonna explain something
through dialogue you're gonna complain
because they explained it through
dialogue when they show up and actually
do something visually you're upset set
up and pay off rich set up and
motherfucking pay off you set up with
dialogue you set up an analog in the
first with action like like they did in
the movie you set up a dialogue in the
first five minutes of the movie and it
doesn't pay off until the last two
seconds how about you usually we have
like oh I don't know a reminder here and
there that no that's sloppy that's
sloppy
they had one line in the first five
minutes of the movie and we're Dan again
never mind I guess he was alright we got
nothing else between us so you hate
ghostbusters for what don't cross the
streams
that was literally set up with a line
that happened in the early you know
somewhere in the first act that was a
callback that is different okay okay
that was not a payoff moment that was a
callback Oh Oh Jack trigger choice thank
you
Jack trigger oh oh oh rich yeah let's
take a little moment let's take a little
moment and talk about the power of music
a movie right yeah music can help
elevate a scene don't you think like
like it if it's about just tone of the
music or maybe the lyrics of a song can
help can help take a normal scene...
The chain.
Huh?
The chain. That's one of my, that's, like,
one of my favorite scenes ever and like
anything now the end of that movie
brandy can we talk about brandy okay so
the song brandy you know brandy your
fine girl what a good wife you'd be but
my life my love my ladies to see right
it's just a song about someone who's
who's in
more with their work than the lady yeah
he goes using that to justify his
actions right and then instead of just
letting the song play and letting the
song speak for I won't have got it ego
literally takes it lyric by lyric to
help explain why the song is important
theming for the story that's some
kindergarten level shit don't you think
you know what I would I would have
completely missed it you might I would
have completely missed it but you know
what you might've watched it a second
time and go oh debris anything what a
clever thing instead they just shove it
right down your throat so when Peter
asked you know why'd you leave my mom
egos just gonna like turn that song on
and walk out of the room or you just
have that song playing while ego talks
about other stuff and it could be it
could be another level in the scene
instead of instead of having ligo ego
just say the lyrics over and over hold
on son I think this is another song on
here ah here you go oh wait have to
fast-forward I haven't used a cassette
in a while I gotta go attend to the
guard just just listen to the song or he
could have been talking about other
stuff while that song played in the
background you know just normal stuff
just all bothers him show don't song
right can't get it
oh I like that Starkiller 1680 I don't
know why I left her mom bye Brandi plays
well you know like that by the way that
time could have been could have been
giving us more set up on his plan right
that could have been him like kind of
going through the nuts and bolts of his
plan and why he wanted to explain that
that's involves plan let's see why what
I'm saying we could pull double duty
here right yeah oh wow maybe we get some
nuts and bolts of his plan the song
plays and we are meant to infer that you
know oh he's you know he's too tied to
his purpose and his work so you want to
get rid of the emotional stuff of the
mother and replace it with some
expository dialogue based on the plot
the emotional stuff will still be there
with the song I'm a big announcement I
know you're being an asshole and you
know what all right I'm sorry I don't
mind because I don't mind because like I
know I'm right here and again I don't
hate the movie they did a lot of little
things that were nitpicky and took me
out of the movie which is why over I was
like I just didn't care for it I just
didn't care for it no there's no way to
re-edit guardians to get around all this
stuff
there's no way to re-edit it there there
was just like you just need to take out
so much fucking dialogue talk about the
Watchers and Adam warlock the Watchers
or in the movie and Adam warlock was
mentioned they had very little impact on
the movie itself and I don't know who
Adam warlock is
he was the guy in the tube at the end
right they were there go marvel universe
Marvel Universe's has expanded Marvel
Universe okay so none of this has any
real relevance to the film and why the
feel good
what's it we'll talk we'll talk about
we'll talk about Adam warlock during one
of the credits scenes they showed a tube
and they said there's a guy that named
Adam that's it that's that's it and
that's it and there's a guy named Adam
in there okay they sure are going to be
more Marvel movies yep didn't expect
that there's a tube we got a tube don't
worry don't worry we got that tube what
who was Adam Adam warlock is relevant
because he is Thanos's primary foe his
primary opponent oh okay he plays a
fairly big role in the Infinity Gauntlet
that was shit the guys are back right
I remember how Zelda works okay
get hear talk about the Stanley csq fine
yeah this is cute it was cute it was fun
it was funny that he mentioned like it
was basically a meta scene where he was
like and then one time I was a FedEx
driver
same-same San Lee say Lee we've seen it
all of these movies yeah that's funny
thanks thanks to his involvement with
the Watchers possibly even the ones that
don't take place in the Marvel Cinematic
Universe
they've all been the same guy exactly
it's cute that was a cute scene
yeah I was a fine scene that was a fine
cute scene done seems like a better fit
for the final story than the Russo
brothers I agree 100% at this point I
think vanish should just remain a
guardians of the galaxy villain or
character well yea cuz then he can give
in a really nice speech it's a better
fit than the Avengers well you can only
assume the Guardians will be there yeah
here's the problem that though
everyone's gonna be there are so many
characters at this point it's just gonna
be a clusterfuck infinity war is going
to be a clusterfuck of what they would
need to do if they did it right was just
essentially half Thanos be the
protagonist the protagonist yeah well I
guess you could do that you focus on a
little story I know him being God wooing
death and that's still not being
interested nothing nothing he does all
this godlike powers can can make
mistress death love him and he has the
power to change her mind he could just
will it but he actually does love
mistress death and he doesn't want to
alter there's a good story there yeah
that's why I like Thanos I like the
Infinity Gauntlet and it doesn't have
anything to do with a bunch of people in
tights running around trying to stop him
but they're not gonna do that with the
infinity war because they want the
spectacle raava can't show up and
everything blows up oh yeah
got to have things blow up rich gotta
have things blow up
who dat all right
all right
wherever the guy running marvel is he
said that Thanos is basically the
protagonist Finiti war okay so maybe
they will do it right I will be
delighted
okay they do that ryankevin FEI jie is a
super fan rich it's possible it's fought
you know cuz we're gonna meet death in
Thor Ragnarok right that's her that's
who that's that's who the villain is and
Thor oh hey who is that really hella
hella right Helen
Oh like I think that's somewhat
different is that yeah I don't know I'm
not a hundred percent sure I'm not that
familiar with Thor comics but I know
mistress death is never called the hell
I anything
she's just misters death she just wears
a robe she doesn't have a fancy
headdress she's not throwing with the
horns on her head oh uh Jack what do you
think hello we'll probably be the death
of MCU that's what I thought I read is
that hell I was going to be the mistress
death so so they're gonna set her up
she's a death hell a hybrid is what chad
is saying okay okay then she's actively
blatantly villainous which shouldn't be
right well we don't know we don't know
what she's doing it for okay okay she's
just dead if she's just death she's just
doing a job rich she's doing a thing
get off me fucking jellies ah classic
classic top-down Zelda combat right here
rich yeah as I do so I do it's great
it's great what
that's probably I'm gonna I wonder I
don't want to split up the tips where I
start reading them from the top and work
down she's gonna be a mess where I miss
a lot of things so after I get through a
number these were probably to suddenly
start getting a lot of Guardians
questions sure there's gonna be a
Guardians Lolo because I'm gonna go back
to regular tips okay do it 'banahna says
Jack I Jack stop trigger triggering us
with your bullshit and don't you dare by
the Chinese version of that cable you
will buy the moral American version of
the K by the way there is no Chinese
version of that cable I looked because I
would have bought the cheaper Chinese
version there is not apparently like
it's really specialized hardware that
upscales know so I will be I will be
morally upstanding if I can find it you
know for under a hundred fucking dollars
which I won't be able to so it just
doesn't matter
can I get that hand up Go Daddy get back
get back
kamilly guck says today I got my Toshiba
new on DVD player with Merlin kart
racing and freefall 3050 ad what an
obscure council from 1999 with eight
games does anyone have an emulator for
this thing can't I find a controller oh
sorry
well she look anything okay
that's funny
Namah says yeah so if Jack finds a rare
reel of film and the only way he could
watch it would be to convert it to
digital would that be morally grave also
I now want a Jack and his family reality
TV show yep be good because my wife
would be upset if I spend every hundred
dollars at $300 on a cable for the
Gamecube that's ever that's every family
though like anyone I would be upset she
spent $300 on I don't know shoes now
what a women by I don't know uh I didn't
say that
what was it if they're comfortable shoes
I probably wouldn't mind what was the
first part of that question um so if you
found a rare reel of film the only way
you could watch it would be to convert
it to a do to a digital would that be
morally great well if I found it I owned
it ya know there's you own you owned
your GameCube disc though and you
wouldn't play those an emulator in both
oh so we own the real will you own the
real film yeah and you own the DVD sure
well those are those are slightly
different circumstances yeah they are
those slightly different circumstances
because they film canister can be played
off of many different things right
there's no proprietary film reel unless
we're talking about something like the
same things true of the emulator because
they're not using the patented chips and
whatnot they use this machine yeah like
I said the emulator is 100% legal it's
just a different way to watch it you
don't way to play it in the emulators
case sorry I I just I probably have to
look into it that's that's a pretty
ambiguous like the question ah
figure it out rich and push thing that
question doesn't line up perfectly but
yeah I guess the answer is maybe
okay the answer is maybe like what white
well like I guess why am I not watching
it out of like a reel-to-reel like I
just read that I just read the tip so
you would go out of your way to find an
old reel-to-reel well by the way no
matter what I would no matter what I
would need a reel-to-reel to digitize it
okay okay yeah I will digitizing it I
would need a reel-to-reel anyway so then
why not just watch it like on a
reel-to-reel with the screen so I got a
gaseous seed planted in a patch of soft
soil
okay you have a gaseous seen everywhere
planted in a patch of soil but Floss 21
huh says Richland flaws as someone who
never played vanquish what makes it
better than an average third-person
shooter rocket boots ha ha ha ha I've
had of rocket boots
unlike most third-person shooters that
you don't want to hide behind cover and
you could but you have rocket boots and
the there's an emphasis on movement and
and navigating around on being
aggressive and attacking rather than
staying back and taking potshots
Vanquish wants you to use your rocket
boots to go behind enemy cover rather
than to take cover while the enemy
shoots at you that's that's the key
difference so speed rocket boots and
aggression so instead of emphasizing
covering and popping up and shooting and
covering pop I'm shooting it emphasizes
movement and being it wants you to be
the badass you want you to be the badass
definitely watch to be the badass
good one small balls is just check puck
just check box office mojo saw King
Arthur made 45 million dollars oh yeah I
heard it bombed too bad those dip ships
spent 175 million making the movie did
no one tell them about Lone Ranger and
Ben Hur well you know someone's trying
to break the comic book superhero
stranglehold King Arthur yeah I mean
let's not it's not a superhero it's a
legendary fairy tale night soon I
wouldn't I wouldn't necessarily consider
that a comic book movie okay
no I'm somebody's trying to break that
stop the the comic book movie
stranglehold oh by making another I just
making something I'm sorry sorry I'm
spending a lot of money on I thought I
thought you're calling King Arthur comic
no I was like rip saying it's not a
comic book movie gotcha and you know
what getting credit for that we're
spending a hundred and seventy-five
million dollars in something that isn't
Marvel or DC oh yeah and I heard there
were just so many problems with that
movie just as a movie so well you can
tell them I'm looking at the trailer but
I'm sorry that's the case
genna's I'm sure something I'm supposed
to do I just don't quite know oh here we
go
I don't think I've been in here before
what did Arthur do that that that makes
his story so compelling he's famous for
pulling a sword out of a stone
and like dying what did he what'd he do
did you read significant did you ever
read the once and future king I did not
I'm not I'm Billie I'm only for the
record yeah I'm only vaguely familiar
and I'm not trying to criticize
I'm literally asking what the big deal
is sure well yeah it's it's it's bait
it's basically Luke like he was destined
for greatness he goes on a training
montage and he's great so he he United
England okay okay I did not know that I
did not know that so yeah it was it's
like he's not Rocky he's not he's not an
underdog yeah I like it sir some like
some big dragon that he's supposedly
slayed or something
hey he was king I know he's a king but
why is we don't why was his I just
didn't know why he was significant yeah
I have bombs maybe I was supposed to use
them over here ah bets cup cup cup Cup
my roms is rich I wanted to thank you
for selling me on Farscape
halfway through the first season and
really loving the characters and
scenarios but seeing it reminds me that
you need to watch Firefly ah I know I
know I need to watch Firefly and
honestly and all honestly the only
reason I have it is I just don't want my
heart broken it's worth it it's worth it
yeah all right all right there's some
fine television in there get your heart
broken that's literally the only reason
I haven't watched it
shit oh fuck
I'm saying go left go left yes
you
or dye whatever yeah la I'm figuring it
out maybe and we're talking about
guardians earlier
yeah let's tell you this talk more about
guardians no no no just brief louder if
you're fan of guardians me Farscape is
essentially guardians of the galaxy the
TV series which would explain why Jack
does not like guardians of the game oh
that's real that's really true by the
way my tastes are pretty consistent cuz
I also didn't much care for parts you
know in a lot of ways it did guardians
before Guardian did guardians only only
Aaronson and john crichton have better
romantic chemistry than Gamora and peter
guelph
right there was that was another night
not that I hate what they're doing with
them but then well and it's like that
was that was another thing that kind of
went nowhere that was another little
plot point where it's just like and I
get like I guess it moved it moved an
inch but in any I know everyone's gonna
be like but do you want this to be
normal you know like every other movie
but it's like Peters like hey mama let's
get it on and she's like nope and he's
like you want to get it on and she's
like no I don't and then at the end she
was like well maybe what you know that
was it
that's what we get on chat I did not
notice Ben Browder and Guardians spend
broader plays John Crichton and Farscape
supposedly he has cameo and Guardians I
must have just completely freaking
missed it oh really yeah who the heck
was he
he was the gold general alright next
time I will pay more attention to that
he was the gold dinner oh well that's
fun okay okay I will know what to look
for next time I obviously I just
completely missed it
oh that's fun that's fun but yeah that
wasn't that was another thing that whole
that whole like I love you Gomorrah
subplot shit didn't go anywhere didn't
do anything I think I think the romance
aspects are handled better in Farscape
alright guys I went left and there ain't
nothing here oh wait I think I have a
map haha you know guys I have a map that
is great
Hey okay where's two rooms over I got to
go up not this one not this one it's fun
next one
dis tur says sister have you guys heard
of Zelda classic it was a PC remake
classic 2d Zelda designed to be easily
modded there are tons of custom games
for it don't play it now though
wandering souls should be Dex I have
heard about it I've never even seen it
though anywhere like I don't even know
what it looks like but I I did hear
about it ages ago ah there it is look at
that
classic crack in the wall rich I haven't
heard about that I have heard about the
the guy who was remaking now go left
but I found it people don't worry I'm
just reading the things I found him oh
shit
I I heard about the guy who was doing a
breath of the wild imagining of the
original Zelda so it fuck
it'd be like breath of the something
different though what that that dryer
right that's what I'm saying that's
something different but uh he's doing
breath of the wild mechanics with a
classic Zelda top-down 2d thing he did
get a takedown notice and so instead of
cat demon that's why you work on
something like that quietly until it's
done
well I instead he is doing the smart
thing which is just making an original
game with original care
okay okay
but he got all the he got all the press
for making the Zelda game and now he can
make his own thing so no the smart thing
okay is to use the pre-existing
characters get a bunch of press and then
when Nintendo tells you no make your own
thing so Fifty Shades of Grey
haha yes which started as Twilight
erotic fan fiction if I know my Fifty
Shades ah yeah town oh they're gonna
kill me
yep shit MLG free man says I friggin
love fallout what are your thoughts in
the series which is your fave PS love
you guys and everything you do keep up
the good work never never played fallout
what yeah bleep I did Black Jack uh back
in the day I tried playing a little bit
of what was it three I was alone I came
up not most recent but the one before
the most recent the one before New Vegas
okay I tried playing it and didn't much
get into it I didn't like the whole the
whole bullet time not bullet time thing
i I didn't I just could never figure out
the whole shooting mechanic because it
was a little turn-based and a little not
turn-based and I I could never wrap my
head around it and I didn't care about
the world enough to learn it so okay
which is probably not the answer you're
looking for because now I'm fine so it's
like I just never cared I never cared
about fallout I know I know people who
dedicate their life to fallout like
especially the new one with all of like
the town management shit you can do in
the new Fallout like that's it 800,000
people hate the new him I didn't think
of what over well I'd honestly just
don't know
goddammit I hate these things
okay nonnamous s hey rich I should
friend the Bladerunner 2049 trailer then
your audition then the trailer again
I've never seen her laugh so hard she
said you broke Ryan Gosling for her
good job nice rich congratulations
come here fairy come here god damn it
you should write up to go around and get
her no cuz there's more spiky things
fucking hell fucking hell
and then I got fish you give this game a
try it's cute
cuz I've never I've never really been a
handheld person right handhelds I've
never played these oh I never played the
Minish Cap finish gap is cute just cute
is it good it's just cute I like it yeah
like it's cute like this is cute they're
cute yeah ah yeah I like them I like
them both they're they're more
reminiscent of classic Zelda which is
like simple combat and focus on puzzles
and 2d exactly if I know you're a big
fan of links to the past yeah I love
like if you love Link to the Past the
handhelds are where it's at I would
imagine I'd usually don't even have a
hand exactly yeah yeah I'm with you
oh look oh look at this
classic it's like I'm playing The
Binding of Isaac up in here or it's like
you're playing this Elda game I know
that was the joke okay okay I will have
20 ember seeds
oh we need those I know where I can use
those I don't do oh shit bomp I picked
up a bomb on accident you know what I
started a link between worlds on 3ds and
never finish it and I have no good
reason why I've never finished because I
remember you said you loved it I was
having a really good time playing it
something else just came up
I'm sure well you know we have to play a
game and then it's like well there's 60
hours into playing a game right I'm
willing to pay it play it but I've had
to pride 3d ass out of Karen's cold dead
hand
I didn't I know what is she she's a
simple animal trusting cest with Animal
Crossing she wants to show up next
stream she wants to play Animal Crossing
if she wants to play animal cross but
she wants to show up and hang out oh
yeah it's been a while she's off on a
Thursday which means she can hang out
Wednesday night uncle that would be
great
she can tell us all about animal growth
she talks all about an impressing yes no
I know what to do now now see right over
I see over here are these two things
that need to be lit up oh shit
yeah it was originally my 30s we bought
it because we're going to talk about the
ocarina we're talking talk about ocarina
and we said oh you know we can play we
can play ocarina yeah and and you know
that's an excuse to get you yeah I have
a 3d I was my 3d yes yeah my threa now
it's got like like cute fox stickers on
it and all flowers because I got
stickers on my 3ds oh I'm so sorry rich
oh she is she is she is uh taking it
over
hey are we bears okay so now this nope
nope there we go
and don't and non-sensitive axes I rich
oh hi both hi both rich did you read any
more of the magic 2.0 books off to the
wizard is book one and if so did you
enjoy before just came out thanks both
for book Rex before great stream I
haven't read the third to the fourth I
read the second one and I really liked
it
I haven't got around to reading the
third in the fourth but I like the
second one a lot is Karen a farid no she
just really loves dogs anytime she sees
a dog the world just stops and she goes
over oh I'm so sorry she could be in the
middle of talking to somebody about like
a kidney transplant that she needs
eyeballing your kidney a dog somebody
can walk by with a dog I mean are you
doing on like a hair needs the kidney
Karen needs a kidney and she almost has
someone convinced to give her a kidney
uh she's very much Dodd personal I'm so
Cyrus
sorry Chen says adding fuel to the fire
yeah it's explicitly stated in Wind
Waker and Twilight Princess where they
are yes
the rest is shoehorned and BS but those
two games are pretty solid yeah that's
true in Wind Waker specifically mentions
the hero of time okay so yeah okay
that was better Han do we need eight
timelines no we need to elaborate on
these things no we do not oh fuck oh oh
the creepy hands I always hated those
hands oh no we don't need the eight
timelines in fact like the fact that
there are three different timelines
in and of itself invalidates all the
timelines but nothing matters right The
Legend of Zelda Legend of Zelda it
doesn't need to be the same story retold
it could be like our three in myths
where there's more than one King Arthur
adventurer in story right but there's
some details that don't always add up
like Excalibur Jack yeah was ecstasy
Excalibur the syrup he pulled out of the
stone or was Excalibur handed to him by
a lady in the lake and you know what's
better for Arthurian legend is it a myth
why love the truth we all could be
either or you know you mix and match
show we don't really know it adds to the
mystery or well there's timeline a where
he receives the sword from the stone but
there was a split in the timeline
earlier and in that timeline he got the
sword from the lake which one is more
evocative of a fantasy and adventure in
myth that's my point I'm with it that's
the point I'm with you rich I can be
with you
doo-doo-doo doo boop boop
all right I'm full of hearts we got a
boss here rich we ready mm-hmm
let's do this oh my goodness look at his
cute little unicorn dragon ah I got a
bomb him like I know there's one
Arthurian story were there's two
different stories they're effectively
the same story only one version it's
sort of Lancelot and the other versions
one of the other nights like Galahad but
it's a debate it's the same freakin
story like almost exactly myth and
legend myth and legend not alternate
timelines myth and legend we don't know
times man who's telling the story who
mm-hmm there we go I figured it out I
figured it out got to hit him in the
horn hit him in the unicorn horn shoots
up he shoots up by the way shit I'm
gonna die
oh diamond okay that's alright we
figured it out we figure it out that's
what we use
we figured it out use the sword on the
horn and chat I know about this I read a
little Bob about three and legend recent
legacy because of zelda and timelines
and well i don't you know real myths and
legends and all this kind of continuity
type stuff so I looked into it a very
little bit well I'm definitely not
saying I'm an expert because like I said
I'd even know what the big deal like
what do you do that was important so
somebody's saying fun fact about
Excalibur okay the scabbard was actually
way more powerful and useful than the
sword the scabbard a scabbard if you
have the scabbard
you cannot bleed to death you'll get
wounded but you will not bleed the sword
is just unbreakable or at least very
hard to break oh that's neat but it's
actually the scabbard that is magic I'm
gonna ask him maybe a dumb question the
scabbard is the thing you put the sword
in that's not a sheath
I think that's just a different name for
the same thing I don't know what they're
both thing to put the sword in if
there's a technical difference that's
between a scabbard and a sheath I don't
know I'm actually kind of curious what
the technical difference between a
scabbard and a sheath is or even is
there one right there saying either-or
jack failure my I'll feel my there's
there's bushes there's bushes by the I
made a mistake of not fighting the hands
I thought I could rush to the boss but I
gotta fight the hand sheath is generally
for knives scabbard is for swords oh
that's okay that's good to know
technical different differences got your
number hands get out of here
sheathing is an action someone is saying
to sheath something so you would she fit
in your scabbard I'll fuck you hand them
that mace for my son son of them um
scabbard is just a subcategory of shoes
were getting a lot of conflicting
animation chat and what I guess what I
was hoping chat is for someone to look
it up not massage yeah since you like
the Zelda's I do like this out this do
you know a laundry room decent ps1 era
Zelda knockoff when you go into
nightmares to beat them up some bosses
look kind of blood-borne eg the soul
each boss body my horror I have never
heard of it it's a ps1 game ps1 era but
in essence a ps1 game this ap is one
arab al under 'm al un dr a jack is
writing that down
write that down that sounds interesting
say Siri jens's I forgot
have you played minish cap at least on
the Wii U eShop you can use your capture
card pretty good too apparently and
feels like a proper sequel to Link to
the Past gameplay wise yeah I have not I
should yeah no and I actually I actually
still I found that when when I was
busting out all my old Zelda's I didn't
have all those else's what when I found
when I found Wind Waker minish cap my
GBA minish camp from when it first came
out was still there so I still have
minish cap ok oh my save file with all
those hearts I was nice to see all those
hearts rich mokey be 85 ok
my two cents sure will not tell how
we're getting into the Guardians
questions great no no this is good this
is good rich show not tell is great
stronger filmmaking when use correctly
the downside how would Peter know the
backstory of ego without being told he
can't see the flashback like week
ego is a God you could you can write him
to see the flashback or like I said like
we talked about her to get around that a
lot of times like somebody'll start
telling the story and then you the wavy
show do-do-do-do-do which would also fit
into the kind of the stylistic theme but
but also as we were saying perhaps the
the these back story could be peppered
throughout when they were kind of
searching for truth how do you film a
disembodied floating brain who just how
do you how do you visually illustrate
well I want to see if there's more life
in the universe because hypothetically
there should be life somewhere it's just
a brain floating there how do you
demonstrate this that that's a really
good question that is a really good
question and you know what I'm not a
filmmaker I'm not James Gunn I don't
have the answers to that class times
people need to talk the show don't tell
isn't saying no dialogue ever it's
saying use it sparingly sparing and Lily
I come here I got you I got your number
now Dino Dino well what'd you do
something different now uh-huh fuck some
blue guy in chances weirdly enough I
also didn't like Gio - guardians of the
galaxy - ah as much as one but for a
different reason
Oh most of the jokes just didn't land
for me they were either overly juvenile
or completely incongruous to the scene
that's that's gun style my gun loves to
under undercut his big emotion and like
to me that that all felt like fuck that
all felt very like disingenuous it was
almost as if he was making fun of the
movie that he was making it's like it's
like dude just make the movie oh no now
you're doing it you dick in these
characters do jokes I'm fine with it
I found the obvious as a matter of
opinion I can't say you were wrong to
not find them funny they didn't land for
you they they landed for me
is right we you know work differently
for us it's okay that people have
different opinions yeah absolutely
I was I was laughing at them jokes some
of them some of them I really were I
loved I mean that basically the whole
taser face section was wonderful even
even though I hate I didn't laugh at
that so much here here's here's what I
hate I hate Rockets over exaggerated
fake laugh he does it all the time
Bradley Cooper does the voice of rocket
okay every time a rocket does his like
big belly laughs I hate it well it
wasn't a genuine laugh from the
character though it was fucking with
taser face that's just how he always
seems to laugh and I had always hated
butt but I like I didn't feel like
Rockets performance made me laugh but
just the idea of taser face I loved I
loved that whole taser face thing
