XCOM on Shrooms (Part 2)
August 30, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UpiufrtGj2U

I said not do it all right all sudden
like you know I'm for the loser self
visiting fucking tornado no more heroes
just a ghost oh yeah that was the other
that was the other announcement yeah is
a four four nin nin D for the switch for
the switch yep
alright I'm taking the time out
yep no more heroes Super Meat Boy
forever some other indie games the
cool-looking multiplayer shooter
Kentucky route zero TV edition son of a
bitch god is that loud
oh well it's the frosted crunchy alone
where's the video app what do they do to
you too
which is currently watching the trailer
tomorrow no more heroes
it's like Oh weird Travis with a new
voice might be I don't know
oh no rich is happy
we do the sound mixing on this
a fourth wall they just broke the fourth
wall how are they annihilated it in the
Alaskan no they literally punch my
fourth wall
all right I'm down I'm totally down 10th
anniversary juice is that that's that
isn't that is some news to you that's
some oh shit - babe yeah
that's enough that's some host shit to
me
I'm sorry what are my expectations for
Justice League I I know what's the
what's the latest news on Justice League
is Joss Whedon is officially getting
co-writing credit which means he is now
adding enough to the script I want to
say it I want to say in order someone
can google the rules for me but there
are official screenwriters guild rules
for how much a script you need to
contribute to to get credit and I want
to say it's 30% I want to say you have
to contribute which means like you could
write whole scenes and not get credited
but if you contribute up to or more than
30% you have to get a credit so if Joss
Whedon is getting a writers credit that
means he has contributed more than 30%
of the script good yeah well yeah people
people ask this question every now and
then I didn't I never really have a good
answer like act new No More Heroes
that's officially that's a game I'm
looking forward to oh well there you go
there you go rich you have a game you're
looking for is enough I'm looking fine
to that they go well then you go finally
twitch is working yay welcome hi
everybody welcome everybody
I don't know those big fuckers
oh my god oh these are new socks they're
just the bottom of them is gray um oh
that one's gonna hold that's got a hole
in it that's recent then those are is it
relatively new socks I think you need to
get your shit together rich these are
relatively new socks
that's a shame she sucks yes cheap why
would you spend a lot of money on
fucking socks so they don't get holes
after they're cheap who cares after
they're relatively new
I'm happy about no more heroes all you
people are trying to solemn II give it
all you can all go fuck yourselves there
you go
so this map I don't know you have you
got antenna TV reach the area maps yeah
I have one of those the thing about
these maps is just one person yeah needs
to needs to reach the end
yeah
oh I can nice
we need you with his double jump
super jump strats will do a great job
all right I love I love Luigi super jump
the Iron Man
no no not permadeath either
yeah in fact they have easy mode like
when you get to certain map of bat
bosses you could hit the Y button I
haven't played an easy mode yet but they
have easy mode just Luigi needs to make
it everyone else is expendable
Gately says ahoy fellas just seeing if
tips are hexed as well no tips are
working again
Carlos uh 2 1 3 says hey stream is
fuckign again so are you liking this
game I am considering buying meat XCOM
light not that I've played too much yet
but I'm liking it so far like you know
the thing to make sure you understand is
that it is light it is which is fine
it's cute it's easy to pick up and
understand it's a great you know like I
really enjoyed that
that's my stand of simplified taxes and
so I like that about this
that it is you know it's so it's a
little easier to wrap my head around
whoa damn that's alright that's alright
only Luigi needs to make it that's they
my only concern Mario and rabid Mario
are expendable it's good all these guys
are going towards them and Luigi's gonna
sneak around the back though I should
have I should have raised my shield we
might make it this turn
not very
not very far at all anyone else paying
attention to other people who luigi is
just gonna sneak her I just have to go
to that yellow car I don't know if Avery
should have stayed behind that high
cover probably but oh no no I don't have
to you never lie cuz I'm gonna fade him
over here but this guy this guy's got
that Oh yep stay alive during the
baiting I'm assuming right
now we are enjoying Mario XCOM I'm not
super farming him
I'm not even past world one yet no I
just passed for one not knowing that
world one that's tired the Piranha plant
fight guy was that the boss I'm assuming
that's the boss that's not the wall it's
not the boss it's not the boss of world
one
not the boss of world one this guy
everyone come to me need to call it X
Kumari oh sure
again I'm just hoping to distract and
see these guys I want them I want them
aiming towards young and not Luigi I get
it
here's what I could do though it's in my
tank
to possibly go distract hopefully that
doesn't end there
fixation just like it was the one guy
even okay right so why does Jack enjoy
this version of XCOM more and interested
I would assume it's because it's simple
that's that's exactly what it is so I
mean you know so far I'm pretty early
into it but I can the the way they
handle their concepts you know a lot of
these things are analogous to XCOM terms
but the way that they present them to me
I understand them is here and yeah it's
much simpler maybe even more streamlined
some would say button Jack do you feel
like you're pulling the trigger though
I don't want to stay away well I can't
reach I do have a lot of help us oh I
can kill one of them while I don't feel
like well like you know yes a little bit
of me does feel like I'm pulling a
trigger because there's not that math
involved okay like you said there's not
like if you have a direct line of sight
to someone it's a hundred percent shot
you're making yeah it's not a 70 percent
even if you have a direct line of sight
that makes it simpler course but for me
that that makes it so I feel like I know
when I'm gonna land my shot
it happens they could gum them up with
my honey that's alright sorry Mario
you're gonna die we want and that's all
that matters the whole team one can I
get please get more jacks naked thigh I
know
see these shorts you get to see all the
goodness all the pale goodness it's
common isn't hard with the save function
lol oh you mean whispered saves gum
that's how that's the only way I made it
through XCOM - banjo kazooie made the
music for this game
that's nice the music is nice the music
is fine
find a nice
weird wanting to fight the Little
Caesars guy or the Papa John's dude I
don't know what the Papa John's dude is
he's Papa John's and what's the
character no he's the owner I don't I
don't know
did you see the the Ghostbusters review
was that that guy that's that guy he's
the owner of Papa John's
Little Caesars guy's a cartoon character
and as a spear so I'm gonna save a
little single time it lives in the olden
time he had to be more fit back then
yeah I know and he's coming in with a
weapon this is the fourth car she had to
walk everywhere the Little Caesars guy
has some cardio yeah oh yeah no Little
Caesars guy all the way Pizza Pizza more
like wait how the hell did they start
four hours ago we've been we've been
streaming this whole time whether or not
you've been able to see him we had tens
of viewers but there were people who
could get in yep
I knew Bowser was gonna make his way in
her sooner or later so far it's just
Bowser jr. what were you what just
really just just really I have to make a
point of some kind here you're just
gonna say well so far it's just Bowser
jr. and I don't have I really have to
say like well where's Bowser jr. you're
probably gonna find Bowser I don't I
have to say that I was just stating a
fact
I wasn't disagree that's why it's so far
rich I wasn't disagreeing with you I
just know I've gotten further in the
game than you so I was just saying so
far hey rich so far there's just been
Bowser jr. and there you go yeah okay
well I'm possibly Bowser's gonna pick it
up later the son of a bitch what do you
think Bowser jr. sounds like we talks in
the gate he talked didn't sunshine he
did you talked in that game there's a
voiceover work for Bowser jr. mm-hmm
calls peach mama I'm just trying to
remember if that was the voice in my
head or if that was a real voice I'll
take the Cooper the Koopalings the Koopa
Kids over Bowser jr. any day Bowser jr.
is kind of lame
yeah I mean I liked his thing in in
Super Mario Sunshine sure like that was
a fun that was a fun story element to it
where he really just thought peach was
his mom I will take the kids there you
know we got to find a little Napoleon
complex thing happening it's it's all
right I don't mind Bowser jr.
leftover beet cake says rich
here's some cash for new socks to unfold
things
why is this parrot a hole in them
the only thing allowed to be wholly
around here should be Neil Breen hail
breezes what's neat what's Neil Breen's
Christmas we'll get you some new socks
for Neil brings Christmas it's the best
of course it's the best Christmas was
there a date did he mention a like a
like a terrorist attack happening on a
specific date in in shit what we didn't
watch you know the old brain Christmas
is the day he unleashes all of the
anthrax right but I'm saying like did he
give a date cause if he did then yes I
want a change in my team I think it's no
good
J fresco - so hey guys are you planning
to ask J to join the stream again after
Twin Peaks airs its final episode in two
weeks
nope never it would be nice to hear us
the hot Sun the finale he's never coming
back ever madam says can you sell me and
settlers of catan I hear Jack talk water
all the time but I don't know anything
about it what is it it all about
thanks okay so here's what you need to
imagine a little bit of monopoly and a
little bit of risk are you at all
familiar with 4x games it's it's kind of
like the board game equivalent to that
you have land that you can kind of like
spread out and explore and then you
build town and you gain resources from
those lands and then you use those
resources to build things to expand your
empire and your goal is to have a bigger
empire than everyone else
no it's not like risk there's no war
no there's no war I like for risk I
meant more like you know risk is all
about expanding your territory and
that's what you do in settlers and then
with monopoly there is the resource
collecting and getting new like so it's
a little bit of risk a little bit of
monopoly it's it's a board game that
once you play it it's very easy to
understand both the rules and the
strategies and another positive note
about it is everybody plays till the end
the town is all about economic warfare
yes yes that's fair that's totally fair
you want a better economy with your
opponents so you can expand faster
there are key strategic areas you might
want to get to first and build your
cities they're like here's a port that I
can get a good deal on trading in rocks
and I have this one city that's by an
area that's got some mines in it and
like it's a number that gets rolled a
lot and then I get a lot of rocks and
that port would be advantageous from you
know there's some strategizing going on
oh yeah good time
but it's it's very once you play it the
game once it's very easy to see what the
strategies our which is I think a
selling point time is much simpler than
they make it out to be I'm I never said
it was horribly complicated oh I'm sorry
if we're making it seem like it's
complicated it's it's very easy to
understand once you play it it's one of
those games where I really do think you
need to put you just you know you need
to play it seeing the stream name I
hoped it was rich playing to do XCOM to
expansion
yeah I could see that sorry Denise point
I have to play this first cuz I know
once I get sucked into XCOM 2 but that's
gonna be it
that's gonna be my life for the next
month yeah
can absolutely see that
none of us is good evening what are your
thoughts on the show Golden Girls I was
watching it today and that shit was
hilarious
I'm not saying that ironically it was
awesome what what what was that what was
I saying earlier when there was only ten
people watching the stream was I said
what what you said last time rich I'm me
I need to have a little one was specific
than that man how about now about that
that's true we were we were having some
DEET we started the stream with some
deep thoughts deep political thoughts
not really political possible you know
we're talking religion tai gog and all
sorts of crazy and then it's like the
chap just wants to ask us about there's
a name shit and have we seen it that's
all that's all they care about Jack hmm
that's all what are you know yeah we
started this trip like the very start I
clarified a point about the definition
of agnosticism yeah now we're not
talking about the Golden Girls Jack but
what do you think about the Golden Girls
I don't you don't at all
well I'll go over that point again I
made it at the start of this week
because there were only about ten people
watching mmm
and I'm sorry if you were here early
that this is gonna be just repetitive uh
III watched the last stream with as I
care for dinner I do that sometimes
browse through it
sure and I noticed I need to clarify
something cuz I did something really
stupid okay we were talking about we're
talking about like religion in general
and somebody in the Chad had said
something like they sound like they're
they're really just agnostics they're
not atheist they sound like a drastic
and my eye like during the stream I said
though it's been quiet you define it and
I I didn't follow that up with a proper
explanation because I'm a moron it's
like I said it's the bends about how you
define it and then I didn't define it
because I'm an idiot
okay all right it is possible to be both
an atheist and an agnostic at the same
time like when you say you whether or
not you're an atheist that's a statement
on what you believe when you talk about
being an agnostic that's a statement
based on what you know and the example I
use from talking about this earlier was
this Russell's teapot famous it's a
philosophical thing and it's it's like
somebody tells you well there's a teapot
on it's orbiting the Sun the same
distance as the Earth only it's on the
other side of the Sun oh we can't see
it's just a normal teapot and it's in
orbit right yeah and if you you know you
want to tell me this I would say you're
nuts I don't believe that then in
regards to that teapot I am an atheist I
am an aid teapot test I do not believe
that there is a teapot orbiting the Sun
okay at the same time I have absolutely
no way to just prove that there is a
teapot orbiting the Sun
on the other side of the earth well I
don't I don't have a satellite out there
I can't go and look at it so I have to
admit well even though I don't believe
in it there could be a teapot there I
don't know that there isn't so in
regards to the teapot I am also an
agnostic I don't believe it's there
atheist but I don't know that it's not
there it could theoretically be there
agnostic yeah so technically I am an
agnostic atheist both both things are
true right and there's a Venn diagram of
existing you know a Venn diagram of
crossover between agnosticism and
atheism right and now I feel better
because I felt so stupid when I watched
that I realized oh I didn't go and
explain it after the fact yeah I just
said something kind of like a smartass
and did not follow it up with relevant
or useful information well you know
Russell's teapot actually brings up
another really good point about burden
of proof yeah the the you know the thing
with I mean you know God or whatever
right the burden of proof is always
always rests on the person making the
claim yeah and so in Russell's teapot is
also used as a you know because a lot of
religious folks will say well you can't
prove that God doesn't exist and then
but the burden of proof isn't on us it's
on the person making the claim there's a
there's a lot it's a lot about that old
teapot guy I am so I just want to start
over
this discussion on top of the cable it's
really charming right that's what we you
know that's the kind of good we bring
here
that's the kind of shit we bring you
here and previously recorded J fresca
chooses is it possible to watch anything
made by Joss Whedon and not felt ill
while watching it now that all the
sleazy news recently came out about him
I feel like I need to throw out my
Firefly DVDs alright this is literally
literally the first time I am hearing
anything about sleazy news about Josh
Whedon coming out and me as well I have
no idea what you're talking about I have
no opinion on this at all because I
literally have no idea what you're
talking about
yeah I've not heard anything yeah I'm
sorry if this is a big deal
but I have I've not heard any sleazy
things he cheated on his wife like
everyone in Hollywood oh yeah I thought
there was gonna be some sex dungeon shit
up in here I mean look if if you're
gonna hate him for that there's a lot of
people you have to hate well wait we
don't have a cool thing we don't we
don't know if that's it it doesn't make
him a good person but if that's the case
if that's all it is just he cheated on
his wife even regularly yeah he's a jerk
but you're gonna hate everything he's
ever done you're gonna hate everything a
lot of people have ever done
it's pretty vanilla oh yeah like I was I
was getting ready for some yeah dirt I
heard oh you don't know what you don't
want to know what he does with the fish
he's got he's got these aquariums in his
house oh but that was a rumor about
Bryan Singer right well I don't know if
that was a rumor
it was it was well we don't know it was
a rumor like yeah but he's to have like
underage parties and stuff yeah Kennedy
Kennedy Jack Kennedy you have to hate
him Oh
Johnny Cash I don't know yeah pretty
good see the one that was married or was
a the woman he was sleeping with his
married either way I thought he was
married it was it both he was married
sleeping with someone else it was
married yeah and then like it later he
married the person he was cheating on
her but still like yeah yeah he's still
a dykon-- you know what the song bob
during the fire is really about that
no his songs burning ring a fire burning
hell because of his love for uh was
jewel what was in her name oh that the
one handed up Mary knows having an
affair it's it's a sin of course of
course the song is about burning in hell
because of his love for this woman who's
married yeah
listen yeah like you know but like mokey
I know you're making a different point
but like the point is we had there
there's other people like dealing with
drama right now like fucking look at
Bill Cosby that's way worse it's like
slight correction apparently June Carter
wrote the song
either way the song is about severe
right right and being a sin and then
burning in hell yeah if that's all it
was like I said just two times but you
know because it's because I do not know
him or his wife it doesn't really affect
me personally I can understand if his
wife never wants to forgive him it's not
really good it's not gonna do much to
change my views on his movies it will
change my views on him as a person but
I'm gonna die anyway fuck it all burn it
to the ground and it ended
mom says what do you say why is eugenics
criticized when the objective is to
improve the human race ah because of
Hitler and Joseph Goebbels
gurbles herbals cables cables cables
no.9 cable gurbles it's not it's not
Nazi of Glen Gables
gurbles gurbles I think it's Goebbels
it's not gerbils the that's a Richard
Gere thing Jeff no it's a horrible rumor
Richard Gere was not Adi eugenics the UH
they're saying gurbles yeah yeah
Nazis ruin everything so some you know
on paper right everyone's like yeah you
know eugenics is good for the whole
human race but where do you make the
cuts there there's a little bit of
losing our humanity and bettering
humanity right you then you get it
saying there's something wrong with like
eliminating the possibility of somebody
getting Alzheimer's that's different
than eugenics is is is killing people
know who have them carry the gene is
decide is like selectively oh that's
it's selectively breeding humanity but I
don't think it necessarily involves
killing no not necessarily
yeah that was those I misspoke you're
right it's it's selectively breeding
humanity yeah to breed out the
undesirable traits right and so that's
all I'm saying is that's a slippery
slope as to who gets to decide what's
undesirable and how do we control that
process that's it that's not something
that I would want to start
because you know even even whatever it's
entirely up to the pouch I'm playing a
little bit of devil's advocate of course
sure yeah well give me example like it's
like it's not you don't you don't
control this bite by telling who they're
allowed to breed with whom instead you
just alter genes in the moon there's a
slippery slope here
yeah want my kid to be a bit healthier a
well what if you find a gene what if I
don't want my kid to be gay right what
if we what do we alter that the womb
where do you stop Jack oh no and then
and then you have a whole nother then
you have a whole nother thing which is
probably the only people that can you
know make their children better in the
womb are the people that can afford it
so then you have this whole class issue
where you know people you know then yeah
that's a terrible slippery slope that's
not I know that's not exactly what
eugenics is you saying there's there's
no connection here between one that
willfully deciding you know what
humanity's genes are gonna look like
isn't that what your generations I'm
pretty sure that's what eugenics is
is eugenics specifically about
sterilizing a group of people that you
don't want to be able to breed well I'll
be I'm against that yes I think that
that's part of it rich I thought the
important aspect of eugenics though was
like we should strive for this standard
by sterilizing those who don't meet the
standard and voting those who do it yeah
it's all part of the it's part of the
same thing I'm not saying it's a good
thing and I never said oh I know you're
you're playing devil's advocate oh but
yeah I know it's a yeah I think it's
terrible I think it's terrible because I
and like I was saying even even if let's
assume you can you know you finds you
find you're Gabe Newell if you find your
person who's gonna do it like Oh
humanely no are we only the best
intentions someone else is gonna take it
over at some point then you fucked
how hardens is he rich you have a pretty
good impression of Georgia Lewis did you
look at interviews of him to get it
close to his voice
also don't give in to the chat give them
what they need not what they want I
think I just realized that he talked
like a toned-down Kermit the Frog
passive-aggressive Kermit Kermit the
Frog depressed that's George
came through the stream very sure a lot
of people came to the stream shortly ago
because for a while the stream was not a
twitch in general was not working
correctly man the officer says man every
person I know who is for eugenics would
have been prevented from being born by
any huge nx4 hopefully like that is the
the definition of slippery motherfucking
slope right there and it's not a work
that's not a world I want to be involved
in
this game is a joke it's low effort
effort ripoff you said something about
Megaman another side scroller and the
NES era god Megaman Megaman such a low
effort ripoff I mean why not just play
Metroid am i right geez oh look they're
running they're running on a platform
and shooting we've done before if you
guys could just stop having fun
see look at that do you see that do you
see those mad framedrops
I'll say this about eugenics it's it's a
flawed concept the idea of a genetically
perfect man or a woman is is nonsense
his evolution doesn't even work that way
you what you want what is better
genetically is to have variety of course
of course
and presuming that we could have any say
so it's kind of a nonsensical concept in
the first place
this times over here
like if everyone's genetics work we're
too similar a disease a new disease that
was good at killing people with that
specific set of genes you know genetic
profile yeah would wipe out the entire
population absolutely
easy diversity is the kid diversity is
good it is it's the key is the key to a
strong civilization evolution is not a
ladder to a specific point it's not
that's that's a gross misunderstanding
of evolution evolution has no
forethought it's all a point even right
it's all hindsight like we're here you
know because this is what happened yeah
what what works what works in the desert
might not work so well in the tundra
you're at tundra
I still got one more of those bastards
we're doing much better this round makes
you haven't won twice speaking of God
good now welcome to the to the video
games dream whether you believe or not
does not matter what matters isn't Mario
Evans do you believe in yourself if so
if God does exist will you bow to him or
become your own God thanks guys
question doesn't make any sense that
might've been a quote that might be a
quote from something
well I know if it's a if it's a Hitler
quote mixing is permanently bad
I don't watch yourself
if God does exist vowing is not a matter
of what you would want is what you have
to do or else
now you get to burn you don't do what I
say it's terrifying concept Oh God
keep that fucker
she's gotta get away from
any God worth are worthy of being a God
would not wanna keep in the background
you know what do you need it you know
you get your God you get bored like you
need you need something to do with your
time like yeah like like what humans
what have we done with our time since
we've gotten more and more comfortable
we played we've made games that's what
it did that's what God did he's like I
gotta do something I don't know here the
rules follow the rules but I'm not gonna
tell you the rules no instruction manual
to this game you're welcome I just I
just figured it out for y'all and you're
the game we are the fun that was the
that was the point there that was kind
of the old point to Romy that was kind
of a joke there
we are the og exactly we are the og
video game doing good we're doing better
this time
none of us well that might be an
interesting topic for discussion I'm not
touching it on streem with a 10-foot
Pole anonymous the answer to your
question is yes it would be inherently
wrong but we won't talk about that
that's the kids a whole big can of worms
jack but absolutely how farted says yeah
move on do veggetti moving hey again
speaking of Kermit the Frog it was a
while ago but any thoughts on the voice
of him getting fired normally I wouldn't
care but outside of Jim Henson he was
Kermit to a lot of kids yeah to me he
was always Kermit who sounded a little
bit weird but I grew up with Jim Henson
Kermit so sure
see what happens shit
and I don't know the details of him
getting fired you don't know the details
of him getting fired yeah hey said he no
he laughed but that doesn't mean
anything right yeah
the composer for the Simpsons was also
fired the composer for the Simpsons and
interesting
I needed that I needed that you can fire
it all the time that's a true statement
rich he did it you cracked the code
Danny often I Danny open to the scene
theme song I I doubt he's done much else
for the Simpsons in the last 20 years
probably not
speaking of God do you guys prefer
Golden Girls or duck tales duck tales
I'm probably here's here's the honest
truth
I have no strong feelings about either I
have probably probably watched more
Golden Girls than I have duck it was the
Golden Girls was a was a in heavy rerun
rotation okay madam says the new Rick
and Morty episode got me thinking
figured a machine that removes the
toxins of your personality but only what
you personally considered toxic you go
inside that machine no I wouldn't says
the man who's constantly negative but I
don't see that as a negative I would
come out more negative and more cynical
right I won't say I guess like that's
the anything that gets would get removed
from your personality would inherently
come back in because we are who we are I
just i 100% find my cynicism to be a
positive trait
I'm not kidding right
I know you're not kidding
maybe it's your allergy to cats got you
emotion concentration yeah but that's
that's not a personality trait
right
then my neighbors ever come back people
doesn't know my my neighbors way I'd
never talk I had never talked to them
before knocked on my door one day and as
an emergency situation their house
sitter ditched them at the last minute
before they went on vacation they wanted
to know if I would take care of their
cat for a week as I was in the middle of
saying no Karen walks by and says of
course we would
and then Karen went out of town for half
the week to leave me to take care of a
cat right there they came back there
were there were zero issues with the
pets or anything Karen said which is
allergic what I will take care of we're
leaving and we're also gonna kill we'll
do it what what what yeah yeah we'll
take know he'll watch cats I know rich
is allergic but I'll take care of him
also by rich Karen wait they offered
before they left will pay you will pay
you I didn't I wasn't the one who
dropped off the key I was here when they
showed back up didn't say a word about
giving us anything yeah yeah yeah yeah
how many issues were there were the
immune system my allergies were worse
than usual but I think it's just
allergy season I think it's just hay
fever roundabout time here I was in and
out of that place as quick as I fucking
could water food bike oh yeah and you
were still sneezing up a goddamn storm
yep rich needs to learn to speak up I
was halfway through doing it I was
halfway through saying no when she just
put it in
a wonderful mispronouncing words is
considered a part of a toxic personality
or is it really just a tic that has
nothing to do with personality
that's a tip mispronouncing words yeah
my not communicating so well as example
my ride just said awkwardly that counts
that would probably be what I wouldn't
change yeah if and again I would I would
lose my appeal to the audience and so it
would be a huge mistake right people
love it when I can't pronounce words
yeah that's what they tune in for
Anonymous's if God exists and he
revealed himself with religious people
actually accepting of God he produced a
new Bible to set his record straight if
they accept it
right what other religions convert you'd
have a shitstorm you'd have a huge
sudden increase in the number of suicide
bombings I'd be a superstar man that'd
be a super shitstorm you'd have a lot of
religious people suddenly becoming
skeptics and wanting proof huh huh their
God well it could be it could be just
some advanced intelligence with it take
a technology that seems like magic to us
mm-hmm some people would convert in some
wooden
welcome to our fun gaming stream that's
a fun topic come on we're gonna talk
about what we talked about that's a good
old fashioned that's a fun chaos is what
that is what the world going nuts
because something came down and claimed
to be God
I know and here are the new rules that
you have followed our man that'd be
crazy here are the revisions get on it
get it also get on it well short
straight for me night all night come on
not hating but suicide bombings beliefs
not the messenger all right unless that
messengers a suicide bomb that what
might have been in poor tastes like if I
if I could write a religion they just
suicide bombings would not be a part of
him they would be they would be
expressly uh forbidden yes
Pressley for me
diet question for Jack quitting soda
how do ya
by the way quitting soda is incredibly
important even even diet soda there are
so many fuckin calories in those things
gogo cold turkey and I recommend I
recommend flavorless carbonated water
get yourself that like light blue
lacroix you can get you know a 12-pack
for nothing at any grocery store and it
has no calories all it is is bubbly
water that's it put that over ice when
you're craving soda and you're good to
go like that's what helped me not drink
beer that still is what helps me not
drink beer like during the week now when
I'm not drinking beer I just have an
ice-cold carbonated water and I feel
great so that's really helpful weight
calories and diet soda it's still sugar
it's still sugar no it's not it is it's
fake sugar but it's still sugar
it's how does that work huh how does
that work
your body still treats it like sugar and
there's actually studies that say that
the fake sugar in diet soda contributes
to more weight gain partly because the
person thinks that they're not having
sugar and partly because it has a
chemical reaction in your body that
holds on to more water in between fat
cells still sugar just like just like
fruit you know fruit while a healthier
for you than a candy bar is still sugar
USDA is lying listen have you ever have
you ever seen those those they have I
want to say vice did a documentary about
it about how much sugar something has to
have in it in order to be considered
sugar-free and the answer is not zero
the answer is something like under five
grams of sugar you can technically call
something sugar free which is the
dumbest thing in the world right
it's crazytown it's absolutely crazy
time
Nicko Kouzes hijack and rich I figured
I'd drop the news here we got a pickup
for 10 more episodes of - Wow hey
congratulations Nico plus it's heading
to Amazon Prime all right you hacks and
arlynn are required to be in them
happily man that's great news
congratulations I cannot speak for
anyone else in Harlem but I'd be dumb
I've been down you'd have to ask him
though I can I can't accept for anyone
else oh of course of course of course I
just like your mic impression yeah my
name is Mike staccato
I don't like doing voices it almost want
Adam Sandler
are you can't
the officers with the box which says
next time you leave town ask your
neighbors to feed your fish then buy an
empty fish tank and put in the living
and put it in the living room with a
trail of water leading to the window
also works with bird / rodent cage
so fucking got jack equal waluigi Richie
fooled Mario Wow
boom just a sound effect early right
sometimes he'll say one word it's an
easy paycheck learn is apparently that
like that guy who does Mario's voice
I've heard stories of him being
incredibly obnoxious yeah and he'll like
he'll like push on you're like will you
want me to say what do you want me to
say is Mario I'll say stuff you like
dirty stuff you want me to say dirty
stuff I'll say it like Mario yeah you
want me to come online yeah that's in
the stories I've heard
see if this is the end of this area it
might be Charles Martinet yeah that's
French I'm not sure what what consonants
are supposed to be silent or not enough
French can be weird like that my hands
over there probably no it's Charles mo
Walt
my husband has moved online another
top-level land mama says you could spend
one day at any time of location but the
guarantee that you would not be harmed
or died when and where would you choose
to spend it I think you've answered this
question because this was this this was
the this was the famous DB cooper any I
was like any place in history yeah yeah
I wouldn't want to know where DB cooper
landed yeah that's what you said you
would want to know where a DV guru that
focused on the history this is focusing
on the place that's making me think okay
anywhere and guarantee of safety yeah
how about Trappist let's try any one of
them any one of those planets oh sure
that's it that star they phones
relatively close there are like three or
four earth sized planets surrounding a
red dwarf Sun and all the planets are
close together and supposedly you get a
pretty good view of the other planets
from each other
whoa that'd be cool how about how about
Trappist
well not so much a new stars a new
discovery that the planets that are
there are planets earth-sized around it
and a bunch of them and it's relatively
closed and they're within the habitable
zone habitable zone the Trappist system
one of those earth sized planets that's
where I want to be if I get the safety
guarantee financing which were on the
spot with duty Cooper Landon really
where look up oh my god
splat let's that's where the safety
concern comes in yeah I'm guaranteed the
safety and I know splat is one of the
likely outcomes right I just want to see
it you just want to be around all those
shirtless dudes that was a fine joke and
you know it
that was a fine joke you know like
here's the real thing I just got done
with a pretty net nice battle like a
battle I was really happy with yep me
versus like a bunch of the the bigger
bad guys yes with the shields and in
order to progress I need to do this
puzzle and I just don't feel like it oh
yeah I'm done yeah but I'm just saying
like in talking about the puzzles as
opposed to the base building I just
don't feel like doing this right now I
want to go into the next battle or do
something battle orientated and I have
to do this puzzle what do you need to
get where oh no I like I can do the
puzzle it's not about like not like I'm
just saying jumping from battling to
block sliding puzzles is a hard shift
for me huh so yeah and I don't like it
I'm just I'm just expressing
so yeah like I need to put this block on
a green or blue to make this block go to
the red it's pretty easy I'm sure like
so like what do we need to do here like
green blue first Oh like green over here
blue over here then maybe this way
sticking on blue over here this way to
green this way down to blue this way
this way to blue this way to blue over
here then switch it back to green boom I
got it it's just tedious this is a
tedious puzzle I'll agree some of the
exploration stuff I'm not that I've done
too much of it I'm nowhere near as far
as you but it it's felt tedious well and
you know a lot of it was just extra like
oh if you do the puzzle you get a little
bonus thing this one is what you have to
I have to in order to proceed in the
level and I don't feel like it so
actually I'm gonna get a wait till I get
home and I can rise
this is good wait I mean green to be up
first
why do you get that stop huh
and see this is the other thing like
look at the shit I have to do just to
get to stop on the green I don't
understand how you're going to give to
the stop on the green
I don't think you are
you know in it maybe we get to stop in
the cream
what happens if I clicking on the blue a
minute
Oh push it forward
up over down over and then oh there yeah
you got it
that's so I have to do this little
puzzle before I can do the big puzzle
there so now I need to go turn on oh no
you don't push it up
there's no no no push straight well I'm
walking it out so you're there and go
here then you go up against that green
then you switch then you push it against
that blue switch again downs
I even switch again just make the blue
go down now
that's fair
still TVs sure oh great nope doesn't
work - oh yeah it's more complicated
while mario games are retarded that the
kid games man this guy's fine I'm not
that is interested in the you wanna
fight exploration stuff either
yeah the two things don't match that
well that's the that's the problem is
solving the puzzle has nothing to do
with fighting I guess we'll give it a
try I've been doing that off and on for
years and have always seen success lost
over 40 pounds mm-hmm me up for recipes
if needed
yeah no it's oh shit
look at this peach is coming in with the
bazooka
shit yeah fire magic yeah
peach yeah no you know what it worked
really successful successfully for me
last time and and it's already working
like I said I'm down 9 pounds already in
two weeks
cheat days back to being an amazing
holiday every single Saturday is like
Christmas which every single Saturday
right like I'm done I don't know how
he's gonna - oh wait you know what
what can Texaco of course course oh oh
so yeah look he has rockets yeah he's
got movement he's got white out and he's
got melee melee is is not that much but
he's these Katzen you probably don't
want to be the recipient right
true blue channel since I was one of
many unable to get twitch and I missed
most of the stream what do you think of
this name what do you think of the
revans awesome Mario vs. Donkey Kong
games Mario full voice actor okay and
sorry having played every Mario game in
existence
we're well do bubble although one throw
up a button but rich you forgot about
that one
rich
as far as where we think this game I
hadn't played much of it yet I'm liking
it so far yeah I'm liking it so far I
think it's I think it's really good I
don't know that it's gonna supplant XCOM
as a favorite but I do in general I have
not historically been a big fan of the
Rabbids seem cute to me
but I'm tolerating them
it's divide and conquer
it's a buddy mechanic here as much as we
can hunt it down
thank you
he's got a milos that fragile has cover
not necessarily worried about that

I'm not gonna be able to hit him for
anything that's like it light him on
fire
a little place where you try to do it
from behind
oh well that's it 46 damage that's
something
what
the duck is what Duchess it's a duck
it's a bad pun yeah
right
I'm like that cover but that'll give me
a nice rich got fucked up when Richie
got fucked up that's it
oh look you can oh this is like you can
lock on to peach you know to see her
area of movement yeah and then move the
camera that's nice okay what do you have
to walk on why
this is what okay boom shot this is this
is a boom shot needs and it doesn't have
a lot of roundish and to get I need to
get closer
dad clothes oh wait
a sliver
oh she's got a shotgun fuck yeah fuck
yeah
princess mainline Mario game without
once when you consider mainline Mario 64
yeah dog
exploding for each cover well how old
sin I'm just looking at my I'm seeing
you know cuz if you look and I don't
know if you can tell this for those
watching but if you look at his health
bar like here I got a 0% chance a hitman
0% chance hitting them but if I go right
here I got a 100% chance I am frozen I
so I don't even know if I can use my gun
but I was just pointing out to people
like now I can't hit him because I'd hit
a shield now I can hit him and so I was
calculating when I could hit him and you
see under his health bar that has 100%
oh okay and now if I go back to now it's
0% so like that's how you can tell if
you can hit him hit him with my first
level of Mario 64 has a ward what's
that's why I wanted to fine the world
but we're talking about pipes or are we
talking about something that will let
you skip a chunk over the game
to give a sacrificial lamb
what you big dummy look what you just
did you big dummy
dr. 75 using a duck the duck is
oh wait now am i a big dummy - can I
I can't use my knockout power because
obviously
anti-climatic so far it's been maybe
there's gonna be a second form but so
parts stay there dive-bombers whichever
way he turns someone's gonna shoot him
they're kind of good here yeah all right
I guess we're just hanging here
maybe there's a second floor
maybe they're expecting players to be
too dumb to split up behind easy I guess
I know I can hit him from here
that killer probably
oh that was just a shield okay all right
oh you know what that's fair
they're lots of questions is this boy
that's an important question I am I am
quite honestly nowhere near far none of
us to be given that kind of advice out I
will say I've kind of enjoyed what I've
played not necessarily any more than
XCOM which recently just got a fairly
major expansion so no I she's still in
that she's still in half covered here
she's don't half covered here I'm she
her shotgun has a very limited range
right now
weapon damage so I can get close to
weapon damage and my shotgun what does
that shield thing she has here is range
40%
we should still give me a favor from his
advance for their move
yes
oh no my cover's gone all the way
yeah damage reduction it is
by reviewing this game North insensitive
you since you a Nintendo doesn't allow
you to monetize it's a game we want to
talk about yeah but you know at the end
of the day and you know this is Ubisoft
so there's a possibility we'll be able
to monetize it know a small possibility
now we're getting into it
I've got some baddies to deal it
oh he was an overwatch no these guys
can't shoot they these guys only hit you
with blocks and you need to be more than
four tiles away that's all I care about
I got shoes big guy shoots and I didn't
realize he was freezing - if you could
still move and shoot that's a great
question that's a really great question
all right I do not know the answer to
that question
well one thing the music sounds great to
a lot of people watch at saying this
music is annoying well it's old been
listening to the same bit of music note
for wanna dirty is that a fair criticism
Jeff okay now all right
doesn't bother me I will frequently
listen to other videos and other things
while I play games I know it's so weird
yeah I know I should prep music that's
how compatible is what they intended Joe
it's what they intended
a good volume is rather loud oh you know
what I think it was it was turned up for
the lobby later earlier yeah all right
the cutscene yeah there you go that
should make it better let's make it you
know you're in full cover you'll be fine
or you won't be we'll see what happens
we'll see what happens
who you gonna attack what oh that's what
that is peach has a shotgun overwatch
very smooshes yeah yeah I wasn't far
enough away shit bye Mario oh oh that
hurt him - yes all according to plan
all according to plan rich oh you and
your accidental strats apparently you're
still fun yeah what he has a third phase
now aged criminy yeah I'm totally fucked
Andy with some of these dickheads
too many dickheads thank jack fucks up
straps on a baby again
yeah because this isn't a baby Gabe Big
Boss Man this is a big boss why do you
guys put music on your commentary I like
to watch the movie in the commentary at
the same time and the music is really
out of place to me ask Jay next time is
not a stream J or Mike
is this who you want to talk to about
that you put music on your commentary
tracks I have never noticed but
apparently I'm usually you know there
when we physically do them so there
would be nothing at it it's just us
talking that's why I would think it
would be it would be weird if you put
music to your commentary tracks because
you know the commentary tracks but I
know you're not worried about being on a
cover for those guys but the big guy
might have some kind of range attack
Jack he might but I needed to do that to
kill the one guy who was good about to
kill my Luigi so yeah that was that was
a desperation move
I'll see what kind of just summoned some
more enemies oh shit that was a health
and oh fucking fuck rich what happen oh
he just spawned a health or two to
health guys you know you gotta kill next
so yeah well first things first
what's the mate what's your most
immediate problem probably the health
guys not the big guy that is almost
about to smash you know I like he's not
super fast and I don't know if I could
beat him in this turn
oh all right you know Richard she's a
whore what I don't know you know
it's a whole lotta I don't know man most
immediate problem is being terrible at
this there we go
thank you plan your strats nope maybe
you don't know how I work
oMG Jack is doing so badly there we go
walk right up and shoot him in the face
with a shotgun just like peach would do
this game looks really tough jack
comments no it's you've gotten further
than I have I swear I have been in this
game it has been that tough yeah I know
and it's overall it's really not that
tough guys I'm in world one so no I
don't think I don't think it's a very
tough game overall obviously this is a
boss level and so it's gonna be a little
tougher button little bastards peach
needs to save Mario how where is that
they're on a team her teammate is down
get with the times
I won't be able to hit you from where I
am
those guys are grenade' guys these guys
right here
they're grenade es and my cover options
are not the greatest yeah pipe option
hello
I do too yeah I can do too could you go
on completely to the other side and
start attacking the big guy or you just
worry about the heels yeah I think I
need to take them out first but if I go
here I'm I'll probably be able to at
least kill one of them which would be
the important thing the important thing
is killing one of them why there are not
behind that one brick one that's oh it's
nice yeah - because I couldn't get to
the brick one okay not you
healy guys talking about that brick
let's park on the far right of the
screen good again I don't think I could
have gotten there they could have I
didn't see it Oh God
if it did I didn't see it if I crit I
can kill him no guarantee on that though
it's peach dumb no nice I quit
I got one no peaches not down peach
though it was really far away and and
this is as far as she can go and she has
a shotgun which has no range so she's
now gonna slowly make her way up great
see what happens let's see what happens
to this guy this little rascal that's
not so bad
that's not so bad that healing that's
the partner fucking peach catch-up
alright fuck you too mister how about
that which already commented about the
No More Heroes game right I watched it
on stream I had a big fat smile on my
fucking face
once you go back to the pipe again and
get on the other side of the wall I'm
sure it's a fight the way you came rich
I'm looking around all right I'm looking
around for upper options rich I know you
default to backseat gamer but I won't
say lunge I think I'll let you die I
will let you die see you like I think if
I go over here I might have a better
shot if I use the pipe to go over here
you know dig I could even get really far
away and go over here and then he won't
be able to get me with his grenade that
might be a good idea then I'm really
well I can always jump back that might
be a better idea
you're right rich has come a long way in
his backseat gaming when are we going to
hear about the scary fan encounter at a
later date when I don't have to fear for
my life yeah
shit you know what that's fine it's fine
fine
you're gonna die
all right we're doing good
we are officially doing good rich we are
officially in it to win it I could do
burn damage let's see if that doesn't he
burned it I mean he's ice so probably
not much did you like the episode of TNG
were data with Sherlock Holmes I don't
remember what should the - it was but
first time I kissed Karen was after one
of those two episodes not because of
that but Karen was so excited about data
being Sherlock Holmes she was over we're
just hanging out it was late at night
like and just watching stuff on TV yeah
we watched that episode of TNG then just
some time after that I said ah fuck it I
just leaned over her I kissed her she
didn't tell me to fuck off that's the
best times
Oh
last time you told us that story you
said it was shipping a bottle I thought
I said I wasn't exactly sure I think it
was shipping about him I think it was
ship in a bottle I am not a hundred
percent sure if I were a betting man I
would say it we're a ship in a bottle
it was one of the moriarty episodes
I am around a target I can't use my
damage protection because it only
protects other heroes not me so romantic
episode 2 I'd consider playing it for
hollow dicks yeah next Valentine's after
you told us that's how holodecks
Thursday nights the chat gets together
and they watch science fiction yeah
mostly start for him I think I think
they're running out of new Star Trek
though I'm sure yeah yeah sure it's been
happening long enough get some fire
damage on I were a betting man rich
doesn't gamble rich rich no rich just
knocks things over rich doesn't gamble
with anything he figures he can't afford
to lose that's that's fine
deploy XCOM one has to gamble 70% of a
shot a 70% chance of a shot rich 75%
yeah but you know it's all about
maximizing your odds though oh it's his
head you can jump on it i won oh my god
this is disturbing peach have to sit
come and save our ass that was great
pher 14 out of the 14 out of 10 turns
they read they say 10 is in the good 14
that's not bad
I'll take fair only lost one person all
the bronze oh yeah
well shit see this is the good part so
now I can have a team of just Mario
Luigi and Peach which is all I want in
the first place look at those guys well
sewn together let's do a hats
adorable you can up heave heavy rabid
statues okay okay so now we can do that
great you got the new artificial barrier
removed yep that's not an actual that's
not a real power we can't use it
anywhere else except for in the
artificial barrier may as well just be
fucking keys or just gates that open
after you beat a boss absolutely all
right let me get my head let me get my
dream team here dupa dance rabid are we
done or did you want to start a mission
with three wait why can't I be peach
take Luigi off
are you seeing this shit did you fuck
they won't they force you to choose at
least one rabid peach the rabbits are
stupid this game is getting the worst
review I've ever given of a game I
promise you for that alone let me
fucking be Mario Luigi and Peach
I worked hard what the dream was dead
god dammit dream is dead fuck you
probably for story reasons jack they can
show up in the cutscenes god god bless
it
yeah it's get me out of town
can't write out of town oh darn it
this deal is getting worse all the time
ah dumbass Rabbids this is actually a
deal breaker for me
shit have a goblin I did I don't like
rabbits I think they're dumb they're
fine and I was really excited you know
you know you know why I was excited
because like that would have hearkened
back to old school like Super Mario RPG
like the game the gang out and out and
about in the world that's you know not
quite there's a little bit different
little Mario Luigi all-stars great let's
let's not let's do something else now
let's where are you where are you well
do you have the TV remote Oh switch it
over to that comp you traitor
that's a good suggestion mad trap strats
thanks movie dicks for sending the the
oh that's great mad trap strats you guys
are great sending me suggestions for
emotes I love mad trap strats that's
gonna happen alright alright now that
everyone's night is ruined
every single person not just mine every
single person's night is part of the
stream I know for some of you you've
only been here for an hour or so but
that was the time of this stream in
which we thank all the people who have
subscribed to us during this very stream
much like Kay's 87 for thirty three
fucking months in a row Kay's 87 says it
says welp 33 months I last 1984 slash s
4:20
seven fucking months in a row cinnamon
for 14 months in a row says always
pleased to give my sub money to support
the hack fraud or event is previously
recorded keep up the good work
sledgehammer for 36 motherfucking months
in a row whoo yeah jennife n't oh wait
off the rag captain Zorro modem says
nine months in and I finally realized
why kids love the taste of cinnamon
toast crunch
we what we like splurgle on kool-aid man
for 35 fuckin months in a row says rich
Evans versus alien actually happened how
many rich Evans would it take to beat a
xenomorph armament is a question assume
you have none I've no idea if you draw
how strong is a xenomorph so here's a
claim very right no maybe human strength
how about how about I give you two more
answers that completely contradict each
other yeah he said here's what you have
rich yeah you are in a spaceship with
one single xenomorph you have no
equipment except for a cloning bay that
will make an exact duplicate of you
including the clothes you are wearing
which is just this yeah how many would
it take you have all all the power in
the ship to make as many clones as you
want knowing that you'll probably have
to kill all those clones once the job is
done
well let's see no weapons no you have no
I mean you have stuff around the ship so
maybe you have some wrenches I'm
wondering no guns like with the acid how
many how many of my bones would I need
to fashion some kind of appropriate
weapon so you're thinking of cloning
yourself just to strip yourself I love
it you know I could I could you know
some attest ins wrapped around like a
skull I could swing that around okay I
don't know if that would do much damage
but you know like like your leg bones
you could sharpen yeah yeah all right
I'm with you yeah this would be a
lengthy process so what you're saying is
probably more than 50 see you know I
would think with just 50 of you you just
jump on it right like a party just
razzle it and just get into a headlock
like one of you gets to a headlock the
other like jump on each of its forgive
me would have a hard time all grabbing
it at the same time sure so I don't
think I can get fifty of me to hold it
down you need like ten well-armored as
well I would I would need to continually
just start trying to get it to choke on
myself and hopefully a veil eventually
suffocate the alien just just a wall is
rich ever Devin's flesh against the
xenomorph I love it it's too fat it
can't move we take some of the bones and
a lying around sharpen them and then we
just started stabbing it well it's just
too corpulent to do anything all right I
like it that's a great strategy rich
Evans has the tactics people the tactics
all right where were we we were
you know we were at dyg loci for 29
fucking months in a row and he says
thanks tomorrow
trow dhanoa 3:11 Opaka deathtrap says
i'll paka paka
I'll Park payback lizard is the Opaka
district there go do the death I can't
even says my fiance and I recently went
camping
she always freaks out about a murderer
hiding in the woods I told her not to
worry
I brought a pocket knife that's good you
know I've lived in many places in my
life I've moved a lot I've moved in many
houses and I live in the city currently
you know like close enough to the city
and the thing that for the place I lived
in that freaks me out more than any
other place was we lived in this this we
rented a house this was before we were
married and it was out like we're the
suburbs meet the country and our closest
neighbor was maybe a five minute walk
away yeah and every night it was just
too quiet like that's where the
murderers come from not in the city it's
it's when it's everything's quiet Lex
Disick mister ricks the off switch for
20 fucking months in a row and the off
switch says thanks for explaining what
agnosticism is a lot of people are
ignorant about what RIT about but rich
what is your favorite season of mash I
don't have one I saw a decent amount of
mash growing up because he used to play
it on reruns all the goddamn time
oh no and it's a blur it's a blur mash
yeah yeah up until who left mash
number of people in a number of
different points the show is on for
literally over a decade know one of the
main guys right like several times oh
yeah
several times shit and there you go
there you go Frank Burns I think that
was it the other he was the other doctor
right yeah and then Hawkeye is one of
Hawkeye's friends I forgot what his name
was the sidekick but the other main
character the one of them left the guy
in charge left right Burns replaced him
yeah I was but I mean it was on forever
Jamie Farr wasn't on the whole time he
showed up at some point and started to
start with Jamie Farr trapper trapper
the father father Mulligan everyone left
at some point everyone except for a
fella although because he had something
to say where are we we are at hold all
that Hot Lips swag manka sang of the
axes says half a year of arguing about
Star Trek here's to another six months
ha ha Darkwing schmuck who says as a
long time XCOM fan since the 93 original
as well as a switch owner looking for a
solid thing to play on it a solid thing
to play on it not named Zelda or bashful
master does Mario XCOM seem worth it so
far so far I'm going with a yes it's
yeah it's fun you I mean you saw it it's
it's fun it's simple tactics it's but
it's not got the depth of the Evan X
comma right and I will say though like
they do have challenge maps you can go
back to the world that you just beat and
they have special challenge maps that it
has content whether it's totally worth
it you know we gain we have a lot more
to play
yeah uncle of Liza's who among the
Damned will follow me to Babylon I don't
know maybe your nephew your nephew lies
we'll follow you and our keep oniy poor
Mogo says thanks guys for all the joy
you've shared over the years nowadays I
can't imagine every Wednesday night
ending in a tums festival is that you
never IRA a soul true blue channel says
glad to see that if I get this game I'll
still have those rabid shoved down my
goddamn throat no matter what jesus
fucking christ could you imagine could
you imagine an ex come in which like you
couldn't choose a couple of your team
members you know what they call that
what hard West oh shit dog can't take
Mario off the squad either shit are you
right right so hard West it's hard West
fuck and call your mother's thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
it's really true we do
I was just seeing if the chat had any
joke no joke
