More Hand of Fate 2!
November 19, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZWIDd8qAmaI

for also for anyone interested it should
be up our our hand of fate to review
should be up tomorrow nice it so it's
it's very close to being done a lot of
work had to be done on things like our
new intro I did yeah I spilled the beans
on Thursday that we are that we are
ditching the audio only format for full
reviews and and but keeping the keeping
the audio only formats as a quick
episode for games that maybe we don't
have a ton to talk about or that we want
to do like an early preview of late is
this guy last time yeah let's change it
up okay you can do that when you camp oh
you can
yeah I've never camp you've never cam
I've never cared that it felt like
cheating it felt like cheating
specifically I know I'm not gonna I'm
not gonna stand I'm not gonna camp and
he'll yeah I'm going through that was my
attitude like I'm going through it what
happens happens a lot of things I
already though we're so right
the idea is we're gonna it's it's going
to be a little bit of both let me let me
go back to the title Angus if I can camp
will just change at the camp oh sure
well like in game you camp you know when
you're camping right right yeah so we're
gonna keep the new format and call it
prereq quick app for a prereq quick app
when when it's a shorter game and we
don't have a ton to say about it so any
any episode that'll be like you know 15
minutes or less like rich and I rich and
I recorded our hand to fade to episode
and we had 20 minutes of raw audio
usually our raw audio is an hour to an
hour and a half we had 20 minutes
largely because we had already retired
hand to fate one fate exactly and so the
I do only review style will stay but
then for any longer form discussions now
now we got no frickin set game so not
yet rich check our mail box check the
PIO box on Monday ok the stuff is coming
ok stuff is coming my friend so stuff is
coming we're gonna we're gonna get a new
set and you're gonna see our lovely
faces once again
I can't imagine editing a fucking hour
of my own voice sometimes it's a little
hard it's you know what the real hard
part though is Oh bother
editing an hour of my face it's the
worst
so like normally when the cameras are on
us and I'm editing I put rich on top
rich is the top layer so I'm just
looking at rich even when I'm talking
I'm just looking at rich for an hour you
know which is lovely but but then when I
actually have to edit me into it it's
always tough watching yourself
Bufo 1944 this isn't just a card game
pay attention there's some card cards
and combats my friend oh I should update
Jenny because we are no longer playing
super flights right not that big on
large dumb enlarge them yeah he's got
his he's got his worth
okay update and we are playing hand
afraid too great
so yeah the idea actually for the person
who said it in chats the new set will
have a table it will have a table and
we're bringing back some pixel
characters but they won't be
hand-painted pixel characters anymore
they will be professional pixel
characters
so pretty excited to put our new set
together should be interesting
we're also gonna get a nice big sign
that says previously recorded I've
decided we're gonna get a sign and we're
gonna cut it out we're gonna put some
lights behind it and that's gonna be in
the middle
big previously recorded to be it'll be
backlit they'll be gorgeous I want back
to play the first one and I am not used
to having so few slots oh yeah yeah you
got to make some some tough decisions
now Jana
oh and don't forget to enable the chat
stuff okay yeah I don't like big dumb
the handmade stuff is the only thing
separating the set from non-ironic nerd
guru it's you'll like it I think you
guys are gonna like it
just just be cool
just be cool they're not cool oh I did I
did forget about the over life we're
gonna change the overlay as soon as
Richard's done picking his cards okay
can you alt-tab all right there's a team
effort here we got a team effort
happening
nope not yet not yet everyone go text
okay
nope the width needs to be adjusted it's
doing that cut off stuff I think I
didn't type the whole thing
all right I got it I know it's up
come now I cannot wait here for a long
maybe extra voice
you might be wrong by Allah
try not
okay area
we're getting there
we're getting there this way I'm not as
fond of yes it is there is exactly one
drawback to x1 is the precise movement
of things is more difficult to be fair
we don't have to move things precisely
that often but when we do all right
where do we go to an able go to settings
go to general there it is and configure
twice and that looks great so then hit
the connect button and click OK luckily
our password was in there but asterisks
without cuz that would have been
embarrassing that would have been
horrible if they did that if our
password was showing that would have
been all right so now if you hit back it
should be working
sir good yes there is twitch integration
built-in so there are certain things
that the chat can do the chat can choose
to give us good things or bad things the
chat can help us take these cards when
it's time for the card randomizer
randomizing crafting it too new for
every foe who faced
if I have ever loved it is the love of
service to a greater I need what
happened to the guy's face
it's a mystery fucked up at the end of
the first game it's a mystery
no he had it on the first game though
dealer yeah you didn't have his eye all
fucked up though oh I thought they were
referring to his okay his face got
fucked up because it's hard to animate
mouths and so uh I think they put a
scarf on them that's why it's called it
was the wise call of course this game
recommended yes we both really liked
Hannah fade deck-building Batman combat
goblins - good thing this is just that
but more there's more things there's
more there's more weapons there's more
missions there's there's new things
there's bigger things so yes very
recommend and a fate - it was very happy
- gotta know this game didn't stop
skeletons it did and the skeletons are
great
let's see here where were we
anonymous says Jack did you ever play
tearaway on the Vita recently played it
and it was nice to have something that
takes advantage of the Vita I never did
get around to that almost killing tens
there here you were just talking about
them well I mentioned it because I saw
the car oh okay nice look at that
adorable skeleton yeah no I never got
around to playing tearaway I've heard
very good things about it my Vita is
currently collecting a ton of dust and
doing a really great job at that yeah I
don't think I don't know if I will ever
get it around then replaced at this
switch of course in all in all aspects
Kendyl of Pompeii was talking and I'm
not thinking yep
DeLonge schlong its who doing schlong
mint mentions moon Lima and they they
recently saw moonlight
Dulli and the Oscar award-winning drama
they just saw it I thought it was really
great they were wondering why I came out
of it thinking it was just okay I
thought a lot of it was really wasted
opportunity I wasn't terribly impressed
with the cinematography every once in a
while they they would use color but I
never felt like they were using color
for any particular reason other than we
should have a bright color here my
personal vote was - okay it's time one
and two I'm over - OH
so Rose for rich can you believe it and
while I thought the story was kind of
interesting and I didn't much care for
the pacing so I just thought its kind of
man didn't do it for me you dork so I'm
not you know again this is one of those
things where my opinions are a little
nuance but I just didn't in order to I
don't know hate it I just didn't love it
I only know it all ends in death
right let's see what we got here fiery
dog poop says it's the year 1941 rich
yeah and Hitler is hiding in Castle
Wolfenstein okay between John wick James
Bond and the Punisher armed with
area-specific weapons
who do you send wait wait wait wait wait
what what what kind of stupid stupid
question is this one of these people has
to rescue the president first of all not
even close not even close
secondly no one of these people has to
kill Hitler oh oh yes yes the first part
of the question was about Hitler
Punisher you've sent the Punisher of
course the Punisher yeah he's good at
killing people that's what he does so
technically all of them are pretty good
at killing people I would say out of
John wick the Punisher and James Bond
the Punisher is the best at killing
James Bond is an option though James
Franco really Punishers gonna make too
much noise he's not gonna he's gonna
have a harder time getting close yeah so
he'll take out a bunch of other Nazis
yeah but I think bonds more of a
guaranteed kill he'll get in there he'll
sneak in he'll he'll dress up sure sure
I'll play along and then when the moment
is right its bond you know and maybe
it's it's the Wolfenstein enemy but I
want to see damage
I want damage done I want oh yeah that'd
be a fantastic battle yeah sure sure I
mean I'm not I'm not saying that you're
incorrect because yeah you're right if
you like you're going for precision
strike and I'm going for four burn it
all down yeah
John wick does he get his Bill and Ted
time machine yes bill Ted use their
their telephone box and John wick comes
out they just go back in time and and
you you get him accepted into art school
that's piano just convinces the art
teacher to give him a second chance
it's easy to do which is like look if
you don't do this look what's gonna
happen man I got a wind I got pictures
and everything you tell him his art is
great
he gets an A then you just gotta hope
that the the art school guys not the
world's first Holocaust denier this time
it's lupus says once they started with
this behind success when once they
started with the experience chair
working for the entire team I was done
up the gate talking about Pokemon office
Pokemon is easy enough without it with
that you take out any of the
satisfaction you get from leveling each
Pokemon up that's a great point this
time it's lupus before in Pokemon if you
there was a specific item that you would
give to weaker Pokemon that would let
them share experience with exactly one
other Pokemon but it was an item you
could only give to one Pokemon now
there's like a team experience they've
made Pokemon way too easy they they make
a team experience share and it's all
garbage I don't want to share I don't
know I I don't want team experience I
want to individualize like I want to
work with one Pokemon I want to get I
want to get what
you dork I want to get invested in one
Pokemon learn their moves learn what
moves work well together so you don't
you almost don't have any incentive to
train your weaker pokemons cuz I they'll
get experience I'll just wait till they
give that more so they get more levels
whatever happened to the live Pokemon go
string is there somewhere we can watch
it it should still be up on YouTube
they're up it's up somewhere bones I
hope you have learned to be their master
victory you are learning the dice are
frequently painful yes
nothing like carrying an aura purity on
what we got here mochi b85 says hey
wreckers just a correction in Australia
people laugh applaud Yelp talk all that
shit in a movie theater at the end of
Justice League and ghostbusters people
applauded it's messed up Jack okay I I
think it's weird when people applaud
after a dull movie yes I agree
split oh three is winning say I'm not
doing one you not doing I'm not doing
one alright
go with the majority see what happens
all right dudes hating you guys guy had
it you have to pay attention now chat if
you're gonna help us out you have to pay
attention
we did that on purpose
now see here son of Jana
says Jack there is a new anime on
Netflix rich has already checked out
Tiger and bunny wasn't
it's called tiger and bunny I think I
think they're trolling me with card
number three mm-hmm you can't listen to
them right
think they're trolling me you cannot
listen what's the point of the twitch
integration because well it's your call
I kind of have you know I mean look
that's a that's a lot of people that's a
lot of people that really want yes all
right
Oh they've redeemed themselves or rich
they're just setting you up to make you
fail hard next time that's what I expect
that's totally what I expect let's see
here tiger and bunny it's about
corporate sponsored superheroes you
should check it out
also I'm about to move to the big city
and he moving tips I have 20 spaces left
shit how much are you moving
what do you mean 20 spaces that's I
think about how much spaces you have
feel
no I don't have any moving tips I'm
sorry yeah I know I I don't either
it's it's decidedly very simple you take
all your stuff and you put it in a new
place before how about this here like
this is the real quick tip have all of
your shit packed up before you ask
anyone to help you move everything in a
box yep
don't don't people will be really pissed
if they have to put your shit in a box
it's the best moving experience I ever
had okay and this might not mean Mia be
applicable to you because you're moving
to a different city no I was moving
somewhere else in the same town okay
I just had a month overlap in the room
oh yeah the old place like yeah I'm
moving next month in the new place yeah
I want to start right now
yeah and just everyday just karbolyn car
don't card a little bit over every day
for a month nice it's the most
stress-free moving experience I ever had
and I've moved a bunch
I have it cost me it cause it cost you a
month's rent so yeah that's fucked I
didn't at the time like nobody I knew
was and like I was still in Chicago and
Mike and J we're off to wherever the
fuck they were at the time and I have
many people I get asked to hell jerk
they're just gonna be mostly just gonna
be me and Karen moving I couldn't ask
like her elderly parents to help help me
let me let the couch grandmother's I
must now eat 100 more
well it's like you know for me it's it's
always nice when you can get you know
some friends to help you move or you
know you get an e rented truck but it's
all in how you pack shit up label every
box put like things together I'm not
saying it's easy I'm just saying you
know do the work you guys are actually
helpful things I'm sorry if we're not I
don't know if that's sarcasm run a club
you know
Oh encephalopathic actually has the best
advice are you ready for it
the best advice when moving throw shit
away there is no better excuse to rid
yourself of unneeded items than moving
when you are packing your shit up decide
how much that shit is worth to you and
whether or not you can throw it in a
dumpster or give it yes yeah that is
legion best advice and set flow pathetic
purging yourself of shit that's been in
the bait like if you have anything
that's been in the basement for over a
year and you haven't touched it many why
did why do you mean it Travis I I have
hoarding tendencies especially when it
comes to old equipment like cables oh
this cable I might be able to attach to
a camera because I might need this piece
of footage one day I'm pretty bad about
that but I've consolidated as much as
possible Lisa does a really good job of
pushing me to throw things out I'm
really happy about I have been toying
with new cables
oh yeah like this one you know I have
like old VCRs and then you have to make
sure you have their power cables and you
have to make sure you have their RCA
cables and then do you have a way to
hook up their RCA cable to something
that will read it like an RCA to USB
adapter style or an RCA to HDMI adapter
like do you have a way to future-proof
the watching of that VHS player it's all
fucked man
did we talk enough about like the side
missions and the twists they put in the
every every mission or every the twist
free stage like that it's not just get
to the end and fight the boss now this
find the clues to uncover the assassin
there well you know we we just talked
about how missions have more than one
win points like yeah you can win the
mission but not really win we talked
about that guy
yeah so do we give it another give we
might not have really it's really I
played I played like I said I played the
original yeah oh my call the car and
there is more there's definitely more
nuance to hand to fade too sure I'm not
saying we didn't give it its due I just
wanna make sure you oh my god so much
fire you know playing like shit you are
and your guys did your man is dead
yeah like we definitely did not go super
in-depth into the missions but up you
know deserve to die dreamer TK no there
will be no stream on Wednesday rich and
I will be out of town holiday stuff
going on got holiday stuff so we will be
back next Sunday
it is so that somebody show your worth
through action
did I stream on Thanksgiving more than
once or was it just the once when you
did your your supplies or run your full
playthrough yeah the zombie game
well that wasn't that that was something
else thank you that wasn't fancy I just
had a long Thanksgiving stream I played
a bunch of things did you only do it
once it's the question yeah that I
that's a question only for you everyone
expects it now and I feel bad but I got
uh I got still forgot to do I'm sorry
the pendulum swinging bullseye hi sir
yeah yeah well I haven't I've never hit
even the the silver one of that like for
some reason like I can't figure out the
timing because I'm just naturally better
at that oh yeah I can
pendulum proem starvation yeah will do
we can do more fun middle streams like I
said you know we have that we had a
decent time do our early-morning stream
the morning Jack if you will so I think
we're gonna do some more early-morning
streams here and there don't don't feel
obligated to spend your whole
Thanksgiving the streaming also another
thing that's hand of fate woman has from
the DLC yeah they're the fake cards and
one of those makes the card choosing
much easier suppose it slows them down
after going from that to this it's like
alright Chad I'm going with you you
didn't you didn't steer me wrong last
time you sons of bitches
you lying sons of bitches
you got a camp man where's your food you
don't have any food oh my god food no
it's fine
okay they can't mine then camp oh did
you are you camping oh no you're out
that you're at it yeah
oh you get your hidden fuck kidnaps
again hmm
always he always gets it he gets
kidnapped 18 times our tips and
subscribers not showing up at the bottom
I don't know that's a great question
I'll look into that
as soon as rich is done what's going on
wow they're saying tips and subscribers
are not showing up at the bottom of the
screen okay
I'll look into that hold on oh never
mind my bother said I just saw some show
up well and they go alright let's see
here gobbledygook says hey guys I'm
doing a business paper on mattresses at
the local JC what is the last time you
bought a mattress do you buy them online
Black Friday deals hey-oh downs spring
your foam about a year ago I bought all
those foam mattresses yes don't regret
it one bit really best finicky back yeah
while no and I've had no problems with
this new foam mattress have you have you
experienced a something that I worry
about is in night sweats no they say
that some foam mattresses don't
dissipate heat and so as you sleep in
them it just holds your heating and you
get night sweats I don't think I've had
any unusual problems with that okay so
that it dad that was my one concern with
a foam mattress do ya love love my foam
mattress okay you got your foam mattress
great I have a regular mattress I guess
I bought it the last time I bought a new
mattress was maybe five years ago and
they said the mattress had a eight year
lifespan and it's getting near the end
of it so that's that there's for your
business paper I went to a store though
I went to a store divide I did not buy
it online what brand rich I don't
remember
Karen actually picked it out we got it
online so probably came from Amazon
right because everything does right yeah
but I don't I don't recall the brand Wow
okay I had a horrible experience at an
actual physical mattress store once oh
yeah this is like a decade ago now but
the the most insane high-pressure
salesman I've ever seen of course of
course
watch me a great deal but you have to
get it today you have to get it today
we're just looking oh but I'll get you
date her but it's only today and if you
200 off the price you gotta get it right
now you got to go right he actually ran
us out of the store he like he wouldn't
stop we just had we just we were
browsing we were looking for a mattress
and eventually we just left cuz this guy
was he was too much with his old truck
high-pressured fact that's insane he
would not leave us alone and he would
not let up about how the deal was going
to expire the minute we left the door
but I realize we're gone fuck you we
jerk
I want a memory foam for the window yeah
I don't know about that
I don't know about that love was always
difficult this seems more trouble than
you might expect however oh you just got
something
that's nice hey did it alright let's see
here a mas machete bug says rich yeah
when Voyager was on I also thought the
story arc should be forming a second
Federation yeah too bad we weren't
writing yeah also a rival is on Amazon
Prime now for fuck's sake wash it
already
I was I was at a party on Friday and ran
into some mutual friends like they're
kind of friends of friends not
necessarily my friend so I only see them
every once in a while many are traitors
in there and if you know man last time I
ran into them I was I was we were
talking about sci-fi movie I was talking
about arrival and how great arrival is
and hey we finally saw arrival I was
like oh awesome and they're like yeah
kind of fell asleep damn it's like damn
it guys that's like TCC new Blade Runner
yeah and these are people who have
complained about like they're not being
enough you know slow sci-fi before and I
was like you should watch a rival well
what he's doing the new Blade Runner and
then you know it's too boring I got too
many of them in this side
oh they're all ready to fight for you oh
I love arrival you guys suck
not you guys old birth or old birth
arrival is not a stupid move it's great
it's great movie
I really like it I think it's a really
good movie I think it's very clever
I like the aliens
Jarvis you're incorrect I'd be the I
like all of her rival not you're
incorrect I disagree with you I disagree
with you Jones I think the the ending of
arrival everything everything comes
together good the movie I like the new
Blade Runner
he's the next unfortunately
denne denne Aviv via Dennis vallavan the
new whatever his name is he's now cursed
to do sci-fi remakes because he's doing
he's uh he's doing the new dune Mugen
would be good he's doing a remake of
dude right after he just got you know
done making the Blade Runner sequel oh
did I lose my fancy sword I can't sell
that fancy sword now
the nose he know he will make great
movies but at least you know a rival I
want to say a rival was an adaptation of
a short story so it's not a remake or
sequel and so I feel like were wasting
his considerable talents on remaking
dune Vila oh you guys you guys aren't
helping me with his last name
pronunciation
doom is his dream project though I'm
listen it's gonna be great and I know
also doom is doing were dune dune now
dune it sounds like you're saying doom
and I can't you know the guy who did a
rival and Blade Runner well there's a
dream project is doom
okay now I want to see that I want to
see the slow atmospheric take he will
first of all he would make it work he
would absolutely make it work
he would make it work no dune I
understand is that was a novel first and
so he'd be adapting the novel but still
right this the slow dreamy atmospheric
version of doom
great
what's a jack hate about the end of BSG
i thought it was marvelous
what's BSG battlestar galactica
oh uh yeah I just thought it I thought
it was a little um I thought it was a
bit of a cop-out ultra schmaltz ending
for something that was lovely
slow paced science-fiction and then and
then it went full smokes and a little
cop-out and it was just the very end of
the ending yeah and in general I'm okay
with schmaltz but I think they went a
little too far with Battlestar
collection overall though I really liked
the series the new series and think it's
worth it even though the ending is
slightly disappointed
did you tell them we're making it up
while they went along that's that's
never a good sign it was pastes all
right it's just that at that end the
very end the the the it all coming
together part was like come on guys hey
man fiction that's so overall though I
liked the series Jack I lost I lost my
potato farmer I lost him a potato farmer
is gone
oh sorry rich get get your shit together
doctor lube it up says I let a few
laughs swim during for three I think
other people laugh too but mainly you
left quietly I think things are funnier
when you can't laugh anyway I'm there's
nothing wrong with good hearty laugh at
a movie theater man if the movie tells a
joke you're allowed to laugh that's then
it's good it's good for you it's good
for the movie it's good for the other
people tired and sad has a question rich
yeah who did more lasting damage to
their franchise so we do a Schumacher
those nice listed us stuff are you it's
impossible to tell it's not gonna
lasting yeah this next nighters thing
isn't even necessarily over yet yeah to
give it time before you can tell if
there's been lasting damage how long did
it take how long was it between
Schumacher Batman's and Nolan I don't
think it was that long in the grand
scheme of things yeah I'm gonna look it
up hold on and it came back stronger
than ever
yeah I'm looking up Batman movies hold
on
you went from like probably 98 97 Batman
& Robin was 97 so 2003 and Batman Begins
was 2005 5 so so what is that eight
years yeah okay eight years well really
it killed the franchise for six years
because it's in two years of production
right so but still okay so they killed
it for eight years
I think I think Batman rebounded so much
you can't you can't call it an
unmitigated disaster eight years that's
a relatively short amount of time back
in an era when things weren't being
rebooted literally every two years back
back before they were pumping out a new
franchise movie literally every year at
at the time that eight-year gap that
seemed short sure like us would have
been eight years of rebooting it already
so many years and Len flex its key has a
really good point which is Schumacher
was fired after two movies Schneider
just did his third yeah so who is going
to do more damage time will tell my
friend and yeah we just don't know I
wonder how those Batman I wonder how
those Schumacher Batman movies did hold
on let me go to box office mojo real
quick
box office mojo
Moses left when Batman and Robin was
this last one right yeah
alright let's let's take a look here and
what Batman & Robin has done so Batman
and Robin had a production budget of a
hundred and twenty five million total
worldwide grows to 40 I see me to
worship with the beggars sure so as far
as flopped potential like they're
they're kind of equal as far as as far
as swaps
oh yeah
but now that Studios act a little bit
different towards the tent pole movies
and requires so much foreign I would be
my prediction is that the Snyder one
would be a bigger failure my guess is is
that Warner Brothers wanted this to do
to make to be a tented pole movie yeah
and so I think this will be considered a
bigger failure than Batman and Robin was
is my guess
oh this oh yeah okay I think Justice
League will be a bigger failure we
already know that Batman V Superman was
at least considered by Warner Brothers a
failure
I'm going with one but what says you
chat
Batman and Robin was a better film than
justice leak yep and ultimately it might
be more entertaining is this is fun
Lodge no in Batman and Robin it's bad
yeah Megatron yeah you are incorrect a
Batman is not doing what it is what it
was projected to do overseas so far it
is not doing well outside of the US it's
not doing well in China it is not doing
what they hoped it would do it might
have some legs to it but people were
choosing to see a children's a young
adult in the novel adaptation and Thor 3
again yeah and Thor 3 is on its third
week so people have made their choice
China turnout was very low for Justice
League lower than expected
what do you think it's the blame when
all is lost
Snyder of course well no like whoever
hired knives in to chance to turn or
they gonna blame Johnson they if if they
were ready to blame just they would have
just hired a nobody to come in and
finish it whoever whoever was in charge
whoever made the call to put Snyder in
charge gets the blame
okay well they get to blame in my eyes
they are probably gonna blame Snyder
dude they're gonna roll over on sand and
cherish the new yeah he's you know we
gave we gave the director all the free
reign and he turned out these turds when
in fact it was it was their fault but
Joss Whedon deserves the blame you can
feel a bunch of their influence screwing
with things yeah but they were screwing
with something that was probably gonna
be awful because of Zack Snyder
right see see where we're going with
this
they had a giant turd and Joss was able
to like sew together a different a turn
of a different color the person who gets
the blame is whoever is in charge of
that production but what I'm sure is
going to happen is eventually like
they're gonna they're gonna throw
Schneider under the bus that's what I
would assume which is a shame because of
course they hired him to do a job and he
did the job they hired him to do so you
have to blame whoever hired him Joss
Whedon's biography a turd of a
difference Leonard filled with Comcast
makes good movies he makes a competition
movies if he were in charge of it from
the beginning it would be a very
different story but hey he's gonna get
his Batgirl movie out of this he'll be
fine
he'll be fine I'm sure he's already
signed the paperwork
yeah Snyder's done Schneider is done
with action movies or with big with big
Hollywood action movies my guess is he's
going to do he's gonna try for another
sucker punch he's gonna try for another
smaller budget Rd ish movie and see if
he can redeem himself there stab me
right Chet nice we got the bigger than
the good price
I got food glorious food all we needed
that oh yeah yeah he did
wait what did I hit a wrong button
no you're doing it again why am i doing
it again I don't know Zack isn't a good
director he's a better producer well he
may be he'll stick with that his wife's
a producer maybe it'll just give other
people money to make good movies they're
saying all bad rich they're all bad
let's see here um machete bug says Jack
you mentioned your family goes to the
Bahamas which Island
I'm guessing New Providence Oh oh it did
never I just had so little food to begin
with no sure I like your only thrum I
have a feeling you'd enjoy the more
rustic vibe of the out islands we go to
Nassau there's no there's a tiny little
island off of Nassau called that the
civilized would be better
Jamaica Bahamas wow that's also where
you'll find the most interesting people
so nice it is nice and my family's been
going there for a while so really it's
it's just a it's it's more like a yearly
family reunion where a bunch of people
who I don't get to see very often all
converge and it's great
and it's a lot of fun
let's see here true blue review says
last tip any thoughts or interest in the
announcement of Incredibles food do you
think 14 years is too much of a gap
between movies also can you say super
flight is yours in your super hot voice
super like super flight supe right The
Incredibles is a fantastic film Brad
Bird has in the past shown that he can
make really good movies yes I agree yes
I also know two-handed weapons in
general I always take more hits and I
don't know why these
The Incredibles is a fantastic movie I
don't care how long it's been in between
Incredibles as long as Brad Bird is
making another one yeah yeah he has my
full confidence
it's especially less of an issue in
animation because you don't to worry
about people aging quite as much right
right so no I'm not worried
even though Pixar's track record
recently hasn't been the greatest I'm
sure it's gonna be fine
so no Incredibles too light you know we
just got the little teaser he will keep
sure it's gonna be saw in trouble it
seems more violet best girl what's her
name Sarah Vowell yeah does the voice of
violet a lover she's great the NPR girl
the NPR girl yep just the line appears
you still do that I do I do because what
the fuck else is she gonna do she writes
books
she writes wonderful books rich it's
like I think I've read all of her books
and every time I read one of her books I
fall in love with her all over again
saravana
leave the gun take the cannoli
assassination vacation some great books
snarky historical books yes does Lisa
know about this affair yes yes she does
but you know she indulges me she
indulges me my literary affair she
indulges me my literary affair as long
as she gets to launch the four movies
which is a fair deal I'll take Chris
Hemsworth than any other movies I said
he is but not shirtless and she goes
nope let's just watch Thor again you
know where you stand I'm fine with that
I'm comfortable with that
you know usually in in all the Marvel
movies you have like the one shirtless
shot to prove that your male hero is
super-ripped yeah but you never see you
never see it again in the movie because
that's a really hard thing to maintain
but you say you got your one shot in
thor ragnarok there's an entire
shirtless scene like it lasts like five
minutes so needless to say she wants to
see thor ragnarok again which I'm fine
yeah love ton of beefcake Hemsworth in
Thor Ragnarok
AG mic AG milk I don't know what
vermintide too is rich have you heard of
this yeah so I don't have any plans to
play it only because I don't know what
it is
sorry a ton of what beef k oh I get it
oh it's a warhammer thing then no we
have no plans to play my Warhammer
button left for dead yeah yeah maybe
then a multiplayer guy let's see here
alpaca deathtraps is Jack I blame you
for my new addiction I can't stop
drinking look boy have your next one on
me
thank you a pocket that track I've tried
it I didn't like it that's fair you know
what with what did you try I just plain
okay here's the here's the thing Karen
yeah put some like crystal light mix in
it okay this is great
sure so what I would say is next time
you're at the grocery store they have
little six-packs of like double flavor
packs yeah you know like a grape Cooper
right peach mango whatever pick up one
of those and put it over ice and see how
you feel it might change your life
alright I'm okay with the flavorless as
well but I've become obsessed with all
of the weirdo flavors of Lacroix rich on
anything ever I tried it I didn't like
it um
at least I fucking tried it you did it
hey rich I especially liked how you
tried that new video game super flight
and hated it you were very skeptic I
have this game I think I might want to
play it today nigga I don't know we
probably won't get much out of that if
you want to play it I guess ok I'll give
it a chance yeah yeah cuz you hate
everything that you try for the first
time rich no I
I love Lucroy I was talking to like one
rich tried Mass Effect Andromeda my
fucking obligated to try everything ever
even when things quick Lucroy tips for
anyone who's a big Lacroix drinker
according to some mom groups that I'm a
part of
yes I'm part of mom groups I work from
home so you know I am part of some mom
groups at my school they say that if you
mix Lacroix with a really sweet white
wine it makes for a great rich white
wine spritzer with Laphroaig so it's
like a spritzer but less calories
pretty a pretty great tip pretty great
find not triangle of Mass Effect
Andromeda has very little to do with
Mass Effect Andromeda and everything
yeah Jackie's a stay-at-home mom a lot
of the times yes white wine spritzers
yeah we all do what we can y'all really
can I am the only dude in my mom group
but they accept me for who I am
real mom's drink whiskey Oh listen we we
have our craft beer nights me and my mom
group
what do you think any like what do you
think your parents did when they would
like get together with other parents
they would get together and drink like
that's our mom group started because on
the first day of school we would all get
together in the drink every drop and it
was great
Chuck Fox is rich yeah what the fuck did
you do with kicks Ian he hasn't been
here since you brutalized him live on
stream I miss him he's around commits
Ian made you've reached out and made
sure there were no hard feelings he was
just having fun
they're nice sacrifice that is nice
I don't mr. Newton's fear I don't
understand the question
oh yeah people on chatter Sam can mix
ian was just around yesterday for for
like movie dick stuff so he's still
around as tired and sad says DC is
better suited to have separate films
centered around their characters
avoiding a shared cinematic universe
Batman works better in his own world
away from Superman or Aquaman well and
unfortunately there's no way for us to
know is not whether or not this would
have worked but what probably would have
been a really good testing ground is
like say for example instead of like a
Justice League you do something like a
reverse Justice League where instead of
like having your first movie all your
heroes get together like you have your
first movie where it's just one hero and
you Center on that hero to cut it's you
to give the audience a basis for that
hero and test whether or not they'll
resonate with them now I know that's
there's no way to know if that would
work in a superhero team-up situation
but that's how I think they should
that's that's the joke Pizza dream
that's the drug that's the drug blue
Avadh I'm sorry if I'm mr. Joker I must
focus on equipment and whatnot it was
more for the chat okay he was more for
the chat I'm not trying to no sell your
joke Joe that's all right I didn't know
what was going on it was just the the
comment was about how Justice League
didn't work and they should have done
standalone movies and my joke was well
the comment was they should have been
standalone movies first to see which
character resonated with the audience's
and then brought them together in the
Justice League you know like works like
gangbusters for a different comic book
movie good
thank you hack but even with this crappy
Soylent I'm fighting for everybody twin
daggers I wonder if it's a like if you
take longer to swing with between
bangers just easier to get caught with
your pants down
look at hip mid swing this is a swing so
fast shit readily oh yeah those big guys
hit just three times they're total dicks
I would like to command the movie only
if it was made by CW oh that would be
nice flash this season is really great
I'll tell you my you know I've
completely stopped watching arrow which
everyone agrees is the garbages of the
garbage shows I can't I couldn't get
into it they they crossed a threshold of
ridiculousness where I checked out so I
haven't watched arrow all season but
flash is great the addition of and I'm
forgetting what his what his name is
but the addition of Plastic Man has been
great I forget what a alias they're
using for Plastic Man I did just find a
sword like a nice sword I like using the
swords better but I got these
sacrificial blades and a 125 damage to
Undead which I've been finding a lot of
skeletons sure shit against northerners
though I've also been fighting a lot of
them sure oh I forgot wait this is - I
can change before the battle so yeah I
didn't plan one for a couple days and
I'm completely screwed up yeah
no one knows what his name is but I've
gods based around 500 I want to do into
exploiting their power of the ice hammer
motherfucker yeah big and dumb though it
is yeah then don't use it it is a kind
of miracle the Empire has done their
best to purge this world of everything
strange and wonderful and yet the strong
remain tarot cards so the way this game
works is it's quasi deck building where
every card is an encounter what do you
want to hit here
I usually get those you nailed the last
I know you did a great I know Ralph Dib
knee yes Ralph did me what about Ralph
did me is the name of Plastic Man
they're calling him elongate that's
elongated man it's a different character
same power yeah they call on Plastic Man
well they're they're merging two
different things then if they call him
Ralph didn't if they called Plastic Man
Ralph did me in the show or the who you
think his Plastic Man isn't Plastic Man
but he's in fact just the elongated man
do they have the exact same powers I
think so
I'm not super up on Sunday's obscured DC
character he's Ralph Dib knee in the
flash show and it's lung at it man and
they made it a little joke like they
were talking about what superhero name
and and Barry Allen jokes that they
should call him Plastic Man and they go
haha Plastic Man is living plastic while
elongated man has organs and bones they
do the same fuckin powers the same it's
the same power yeah I get like
technically he does not have a superhero
name at the moment but they joked about
calling him Plastic Man so I guess that
joke was just about the nature of him
having the exact same power set as
another hero elongated man was created
as a knockoff of Plastic Man because
they didn't know the company had the
rights to Plastic Man first of all I
love that I love that they wanted to
just straight-up ripoff a character man
that's I hope that's true that's like
that first is gray like hey we want to
rip off that character but we can't come
Plus okay lung gated man same powers
great and then later they have to have
the most embarrassing meeting ever like
guys why did you make up a new character
with the same
our set is another character we have
that's great that's great that's
glorious I'm trying to think what I
can't think of a plastic man civilian
name I can't think of it maybe Jeff I
don't know tired and sad probably won't
bring that up don't want to get too into
that thank you for the tip they're
saying Patrick L O'Brien L O'Brien okay
Neil O'Brien
this particular dumb weapon is pretty
awesome that's pretty awesome credit
where do works great against skeletons
works great Plastic Man can shape-shift
- elongated man can only stretch oh oh
yeah yeah I guess I just assumed it was
plastic man well Joe Sweden has to say
power so I never really did much with
camping I'm going to look take a look at
camping
okay let's camp cool change that's right
there yep it's right there in camp five
albums I would bring on a desert island
that's a tricky question chat I can tell
you an album that I have been listening
to non-stop recently is of the big moon
love in the you can't change gender from
you really huh
let's just change it up I was gonna play
as the girl avatar how interesting you
think they would like yeah I mean if you
change everything else about the dudes
appearance yeah okay alright well fuck
it it's fine it's fine as this so I've
been listening you can't make out
hairstyles or skin tone from the right
combat menu anyway yeah so as of right
now that's an album that I would bring
on the island with me is the love in the
fourth dimension its if you're in a
girl's centric poppy garage rock get
yourself some big reunion love and the
fourth or a dimension great outlet just
non-stop been on repeat
that and the other thing I've been
listening to and I'm gonna have to is an
album called
EDA giel it did yield the album is
called IDE G AEL and it is one of the
strangest albums I have ever heard
I follow Chris Christie dulu on Twitter
and he eats weeded at it and it sounded
interesting it's like a mix of it's a
mix of like classical oral vocal
absurdists like some Pink Floyd's and
like late Beatles stuff it's it's like
the weirdest mishmash of musical styles
and it's an album that on your first
listen you can't passively oh my god
that hammer is murdering everyone I know
it's an album that you can't passively
listen to like you have to stop and to
only pay attention to it because it's so
fucking weird
I'm happy with that with that oh hey you
got your token the album is called Eva
Gill i de g AE l by jonathan and current
ian awesomes edy gear it is fucking good
it is time well i person in chat who was
asking about it earlier they are you
ever gonna stream dead rising i your
your you're too late I don't I don't
know that I can go there's no reason for
me to go back to dead rising anymore
yeah no other than know just for fun
someday but I've
I've conquered that mountain my friend
Chuck check out check our YouTube
channel there's a multi-part stream the
number of where I tried to do a no death
run of Dead Rising and I have took me
three tries but I eventually did it
starting from level 1 played through the
game did not die rescue it everyone I
could possibly rescue and I got the best
ending yeah I conquered the fuck out of
that game right I can't top a perfect
run literally perfect every side mission
I could do was done yeah I leveled up
from level 1 to level fuckin 50 Jack and
I spit the bad guy to death you spit
there's a bad guy to death yes it was
the best ending there was there is no
there is nothing you can do to perfect
that even going back just for fun rich
would seem like a letdown after that I
think oh I've done this better before
be warned it's it's me playing alone
it's rich solo yeah because Jack was
gonna stick around for how long was it
15 so I'm pretty quiet yeah but I
definitely stream the fuck out of Dead
Rising 1 yeah rich is fairly quiet
during his solo streams so but if I
think like the ending is just out there
somewhere like just him spitting the bad
guy to death if you want to check that
out Ryan that's a triumph right like I
own all right so it's all Tim oh my god
I got it alright hey now is the point of
the stream in which we make sure to
thank all of the people who have
subscribed to us during this very stream
much like VA see who says you are cool
thank you you are cool too AC Ivan Li
says your co-host Jack was stuck in a
roof would you help your no I'm not
doing it I'm sorry I'm not doing it I
get it ma'am uh coffee and flew me dark
maturer for 28 fucking months and a
roses oh hi mark
I understand reference you ain't even
seen the fucking movie and I understand
that reference dark matter no you did
that one Marcus fart smell Edgar Allen
Hope over 16 months in a row since rich
I really enjoyed your art ice carving
skills and the latest half in the back
are you going to start at which creative
channel did you use this Mary's carvings
oh yeah oh I haven't seen it yet because
I haven't seen the misery massive ice
carving Oh muttered czar green for 35
fucking months in a row who says I need
to stay alive and subscribe for another
month I can die happy when I get my
confetti popped in December hey Jay
kiddo eight for twenty six fucking
months in a row says insert reference
here and you know this is double as a
callback my inserted reference would be
oh hi mark
Oh excellent comeback TC Brady one three
three
who says Bert and Ernie I love you guys
tone decimals for 25 fucking months in a
row Thank You Jay RR Lovecraft who says
booyah
does that make me sound old
boo-yeah boo-yeah boo-yeah
okay Booya well 5001 mo mike one two
three four
hi guys question is there a movie that
you like that was generally panned by
audience and critics as a kid I loved
how are the doc sure yeah nice kid I
loved that movie I have been on record
as defending the Angley Hulk movie which
I know has looked back on you know with
unfavorable eyes but I will defend the
angley Hulk movie also I guess the
racketeer might come for me I heard that
many people love that movie I think that
was critically praised though was
appraiser was just kind of the answer I
loved it so I'm okay I'm not a great
metric for that but maybe I'm wrong
about that then so okay I don't know the
anglia the what's another had another
one marketeers widely beloved wasn't at
the time there's the question though
wasn't the racketeer big flop I believe
it was and I could see it being a big
flop be one of those like critics loved
it but everyone else did it yeah okay
okay I had another one but I lost it
sorry but angley's Hulk I think is the
better Hulk movie Jack I'm sorry for
making you forget your other one because
I could talk about The Rocketeer no I
lost it as soon as I got done saying oh
really I lost it before that I can't
even tell you where was that was mo Mike
okay punch back Jack for 30 fucking
months in a row says watching rich sore
in-between and sometimes into rocky
outcrops is very soothing it's great
game glad my pain amuses you super
super flight super flight super flight
log e la p-dog one is who that is la P
dog ok coax Jack says Jack rich just
wanted to say I finally found a new job
hey graduation thank you or nothing
you're good good work cuz I may say
thank you thank you
funny good job no wait wait I take that
back
thank you for finding your job because
you obviously sucked great so what a
prereq while i was looking for a job so
thanks for keeping me entertained you're
welcome Luke Ben who says five months
very cool thanks for the morning stream
the other day Jack I had to fucking read
by horizon to play frozen wilds I have a
good holiday yeah I liked it I haven't
gotten any further into it just because
I've been editing this episode button a
little bit I got to play a frozen Myles
I really enjoyed yellows of flavours as
thank you for streaming we really
appreciate it it's true we really do
yeah in the chat here I have a just an
easy question to ask someone in the
chances if Lucasfilm invited you guys to
a screening of Star Wars the last Jedi
would you go probably of course we would
that would just be a nice thing of
course we would just for the experience
yeah of going out and seeing the where
they make the film red is buttered with
that regret yeah fucking fucking if
Warner Brothers invited me for a
screening of Justice League I'd go cuz
it would be polite
no sure yeah then you have to face them
afterwards that's what I think fucking
sucks thanks for having me be it'd be
great man it'd be great one free movie
worth it that's the least interesting
thing today what do the movie itself
yeah but I bet it's at a cool theater
like maybe it's that like it like a
private screening they like take you on
a like I'm expecting like a tour of the
studio if they're inviting you on there
yeah maybe that'd be fun see this what
I'm saying no I I think no matter who
invites me like I'm going I want to see
the props yeah that's what if you get to
see the Batmobile like yeah yeah
did you hear that and like a flex toll
batarangs on the set that's that's not
what I thought you were gonna bring up
oh yeah apparently on Google Maps
somebody found the Falcon it's just
sitting outside it's just sitting
outside they found it on Google Maps in
the desert somewhere by the Studios in
England no drew TK definitely not a
cèlle
I would tell him if I thought it sucks
but I would go that's not selling out
that's getting a free meal don't look a
gift horse in the mouth
loopy dog loppy that was loppy dog and
we already did that one we are actually
now on yellow is a flavour
okay did we we did in a route cuz they
said the rocky horizon and then they did
thanks for community miss Hunchback Jack
yeah no watching Richards or between
into rocky outcrop sorry Susan okay
never mind we've done that we've done
all this no no no at a glance yeah my
eyes scanned over outcrops and saw
octopus just sitting without thinking
about George okay like I don't remember
reading something about octopus it's
definitely now he must have missed that
I'm with it okay we're back on track so
yellow is a flavor since thanks for
streaming we really appreciate it
huh what I read that you didn't read
that I'm reading that now I read that
before it's true ruining it again I read
that I really read that Oh cuz and then
I broke in with when you're broken yeah
so that was no we're not we're not back
on track at all we were still off track
I so wish I could just hit the end
button
all these perfect opportunities for it
then hit it will come back and waters it
down right now boom and then do it and
we'll come back and finish the names
leave a cusper when Hosmer will come
back to Casper this make any sense for
YouTube will cut it off alright I tell
you this every time
yeah alright alright there's your edit
point joke is ruined it's only ruined
for us now
it'll be saved for people later alright
alright so Casper thank you for
subscribing who said did you know that
Stuart Gordon's Fortress is set in 27
that's nothing
that's nothing remember rob was a Wesley
Snipes
snow wasn't Wesley Snipes it was Russell
Crowe and so virtuosity remember that
one
sure okay who's in that I can take his
name Denzel Denzel and Russell Crowe yes
that the movie came out like 98 set in
the far-off future what was it like 2001
it midden he's got he's kind of cyborg
arm three years the future is gonna be
crazy virtuosity oh man it has been ages
since virtuosity what a terrible name
yeah was virtuosity that probably didn't
do the movie any favors right but just
when it was set and when it was released
I just thought was the biggest fucking
joke of course time cup set in 2004 when
we'll have time-traveling police
officers Van Damme all right we got
Benga bolts in cos he may be mine for 15
months in a row says hey fellas happy
early turkey day gobble gobble
haha turbo Dangerfield's says how much
Jack could a Jack Packard pack if a Jack
Packard could pack Jack Joey Belladonna
man that is a moose no man that man that
is a moose
no man no way that is moose man that is
moose I can citizens man that is moose
says click Oh Owen Thunder guns Sydney
the lawyer says thanks for continuing
the awesome stream guys have a great
Thanksgiving holiday thank you you're
welcome
all that stuff all that stuff the ghost
of Nick MC Lucas for 41 motherfucking
months in a row says hashtag free doom
it up
hashtag thoughts and prayers hashtag
because I disposed of doom it up the
doom it up a moan to make room for more
remotes irresponsible badger yellow
contendere G shots for 38 motherfucking
months in a row
who says hi rich Jack as always really
enjoyed the stream thanks for more than
3 years of quality entertainment 5:30
skeptic says thanks for all the
entertainment guys welcome to do what we
can Magnus PU for thirty four fucking
months in a row do be sandwich says my
muscles ow
ache for every word ow I type right out
well I
ow well I hope my body heals by next
month ow I just want to say ow thank you
for entertaining us as much as usual
what the fuck I think that's impressive
that you were able to meet that
cohesively
gutter Punk 13 Jack Lamont
says great job guys welcome Samuel
winters who says hey guys thanks for the
years of great entertainment prereq and
Harlem keep me going wanted to ask what
address to I send copies of vampire
assassin to Lola let me look up the
address to our local dump facility the
Milwaukee dump
set it to our p.o box it's on the
website it's about the very bottom of
the rlm website so many days after that
episode when top they just all came in
it like once terrible yeah terrible yeah
death John for 12 months in a row farmer
Phipps Euler's number for 16 months in a
row I hope Shawn for twenty six fucking
months in a row and Shawn says I don't
normally like watching you play games
you dislike but I listened to your Final
Fantasy 7 stream while I was waiting for
my plane today and just wanted to say
rich has a cool family thank you it it
was I we we need it we need Aaron back
just to delve a little issue like she
started giving us information way too
late into the stream doctoral thesis is
on on video game iconography what's what
do you - oh yeah I just I just wrote I
just wrote and you know my master's
degree on religious imagery and video
games what she lives out of the country
so I wasn't hold the breath I know it's
not gonna happen soon but I have some
follow-up questions as I guess what I'm
saying
Fabio thrustin
blame it on bud gonzo the great sub
sonic Bell who says my Xmas wish is for
a new Neil brain the best of the worst
Wilkins the clown for thirty four
fucking months in a row ah dr. Gunther
hunter anchor for twenty four fucking
months in a row says two years of fun
with you human widow with you humans
let's not make a big deal out of it
fuck off to the next one thank you
doctor go to image anger fire hawk 12
says just ice my league you get it now
why I would be ice carving oh my god and
giant robot zero Jesus Christ is that
the joke you ended up
