XCORN - Crops I be Hosin' (Part 2)
September 10, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rzl6hFC1-n4

ever he feels like playing clown outfit
again maybe I did recently find my clown
shoes my mom I've been looking for my
old clown shoes for years now and I have
a really nice pair of red clown shoes
and my mom was cleaning out one of her
barns and she found my old clown shoes
and they still fit their little worn
they're a little a little worse for wear
but I have my clown shoes so I don't
know what I'm gonna do with him yet I
have big red clown shoes so I do clown
shit like listen this was a big
investment for me you know when I was a
clown I was a teenager I was pretty
young and a clown choose like good
professional clown shoes are over $100
and so like for me buying these clown
shoes was at the time a giant giant
investment and you know it was a being a
clown was a big part of my life at the
time and proud of being clay I was I
worked for it I went to happen to clown
school when I got my certificate and I
worked for it and I did birthday parties
and I was a clown at some festivals some
like fairs and I even did a couple
parades and it was great and I loved it
and I know everybody gives clowns shit
for being clowns but I ain't one of
those people I like clowns workshop
content we don't need a workshop content
so clown college right but why a clown
of all things because I because even at
such a young age I knew I wanted to
entertain people and I saw and it was a
way to make money too cuz you know you
can charge for going to kids birthday
parties and stuff and so as it was a job
his other profession was a butcher try
not to read too much into that they were
separated I do like the song send in the
clowns but I prefer I much prefer tears
of a clown if if you need a clown themed
song ain't too much sadder than the
tears of a clown so ie I need to work on
my juggling I used to be a much better
juggler and I've out of practice
juggling I should get into that
but seeing a clown song for us no you
know I don't remember what my clown name
was it was probably it was probably
something it was probably like Jaco
the clown it was probably something dumb
that I didn't put much thought into
William Tyndale no no I did not I
applied I applied but I didn't get it
okay where we lend fly Kaczynski says
Lego Batman Logan
Wonder Woman guardians and spider-man
have all been great superhero movies
this year in my opinion ever seen a
superhero or comic book movie that's
better than the source material um you
know I enjoyed the Wonder Woman movie I
thought it was a really good movie I've
never really cared for the books so I
would consider that I'd say I probably
like spider-man books better than the
movie but the movie was still very good
I'm trying to think of a superhero book
or movie that I like better than the
source Watchmen no Watchmen book is in
infinitely better than the movie
logan is better than the source material
yeah you know simple you know what civil
war but it was different like if I I
liked the premise of the Civil War books
a lot better than the Civil War movie
and the reason why they were fighting in
the books made a lot more sense and was
a lot better established the Civil War
books really ended in a fizzle in a
piddle in app it'll fizzle but the movie
was alright but overall I think the
books are better only because of that
premise
so the pitiful you know the madman the
map it'll fizzle and Civil War of the
movie ended in a fizzle and less of a
fizzle piddle the Civil War movie ended
on anon an OK notes I was ok with that
you need me to explain the poopoo peepee
video I made four years ago it was a
song that I made up while my children
were potty training and I thought it was
silly so I made up a dumb video that's
it it was just so it was a song that I
made that's it there's no there's no
greater story then it was just a dumb
song that I made up and I I made it into
a video and you posted it to youtube
with okay well cuz like I was going for
like a silly kids video like yeah it's
just a dumb song I thought it was I
thought it was I still think it's funny
so I still think it's funny candy for
crows says Jack finally saw a swiss army
man I never thought a fart could be so
emotional great music great story about
finding yourself and friendship
acceptance was a little long in the
middle but eight out of ten yeah yeah
Swiss Army is a really good movie
solidly good movie I I kept worrying
it was gonna get into like hipster
arty-farty bullshit but it always verted
my expectations with the really crass
humor and every time I thought they were
getting a little too like whimsical with
it they got fart whimsical and I thought
it was great I thought it was great so
we're sorry man a really good movie if
if you can find its it's streaming it's
streaming everywhere Swiss Army Man
highly highly recommend him
I think week it says we can play it now
it's downloading workshop content now
which we don't need oh sure sure so
sorry man or thunderpants I they're both
fine movies about farting thank you
swinging swinging is the sandbag on it
not leaning swinging there we go I think
was tight enough yeah there you go there
you go all right um hold on beards II
says wolf hand frog hand reporting in I
don't know what that means uh yeah if
you want to pull up the image I'll keep
reading tips oh let's say anonymous says
I noticed you guys have done board game
streams before I'm a huge board game I'm
a huge board game hobbyist so I'm
wondering what your favorite board games
are and/or what have you been playing
lately most I'm very sorry rich recently
I played I recently played was it called
tiny epic quest which I had a lot of fun
with
I love Marvel legendary the deck
building game we recently played
Settlers of Catan classic Settlers of
Catan the classic doing that too how
many streams up Oh fart house cinema I
love it love it did not get save right I
can read them okay we missed a couple
subs our last stream so this is a people
who subscribe to us last time like Ivan
Lee who says I remember when you first
streamed Dark Souls remove skeletons and
could barely stream
you've become slightly better keep it up
thank you thank you
Togo Sasquatch and leftover beef cake
for thirty four fucking months in a row
leftover beefcake says I know you guys
want to end the stream but me personally
I was curious how much can how much one
can write in the sub message box
can someone prattle on andand endlessly
talking about another important about
nothing important until they get cut off
or will they let me keep typing until I
get it thank you thank you beefcake also
the person who who has provided us with
the wonderful Twatter that we use to
keep track of all of your subs so why
don't we take another moment here and
read some more subs let's see we know
we're not done yet
but we can play it yeah let all the
stuffs I'm not sure let's take him over
here and thank kick girl V who has
subscribed to us for 17 months in a row
1 flex in ski
twelve months in a row says hit my 1,300
1,300 hour of FTL had a run where I had
to burst two's the glaive and the weapon
pre igniter I was killing ships before
they could take a shot yeah that sounds
great
turbo Dangerfield who says just wanted
to say thank you for all the great
entertainment throughout the years and I
can't wait to see what the future holds
thank you thank you yeah yeah take a
brash shoot yeah I'm sorry what
take a brash nuff nuff like that slide
see see it's a weird one uh-huh hardener
there's a chi key rner chi Harner one of
those darth Ozai Kris games 2004 twelve
months in a row and Chris Gaines says
insert something about tums or diabetes
great to catch you live in a minute stay
awesome gents what up
fog dog but 36 motherfucking months in a
row
well-orchestrated machine we did it
Bunga bag says all of the games and all
of the funds you guys just keep hitting
those fucking home runs we're calling
the pine resin and hunkering down also
that one time rich stream with a clone
after all this is my screen fades just
wanted to say prereq gave me aids I was
a nice little poetry yeah sorry I wasn't
prepared for your 36 months in a row
this 1 to 7 by the way we're not ending
the stream we're just killing time well
my my XCOM 2 mods are also downloading
big fat man 8 7 3 for 18 months in a row
crispy magic do you know suave I'm gonna
suave Geno suave
let me just swap if I like saying the a
in there yeah that's my son fancier who
knows probably horribly incorrect yeah
so I had a run-in with a bad whore the
other night
lol bit my tip god if you didn't pay for
it yeah it's terrible van Duren for 16
months in a row says how dare you
slander vanilla ice rich that man's a
national treasure as I did that's how I
dare even a wise there's a joke joke
with cool as ice rich scooby-doo
scooby-doo bad Dobby ooby dooby Scooby
dooby badou be you for know on if they
keep subscribing you're the one who's
fucking reading that one every goddamn
time that's your name now I think that's
a reference I think that's a reference
to the book to the Bob odden not Bob
Odenkirk to the Steve Odenkirk
based parody of Star Wars called thumb
wars mmm
instead of obi-wan Kenobi it's
ooba-dooba newbie and his middle name is
scooby dooby
so ooby dooby scooby dooby dooby okay
and that is correct I knew it
I watched the shit out of thumb wars man
he has the silliest name in the galaxy
rich we do Scooby dooby sillier than
Slartibartfast I like Slartibartfast
Hitchhiker's Slartibartfast that's a
great name sorry we did we scooby-doo
Viva newbie mermaid and mermaid and fair
power fantasy for 12 bucks in a row it
says a whole year sub-prime still hasn't
feared out an auto resub thing yet
apparently not well I think part like
part of the thing is is they're hoping
like if if people subscribe to multiple
people like you can spread it around or
something like that but you really
should be an option Val 5001 JJ chica
for 20 fucking months in a row says
thanks for all the entertaining streams
here's to 20 more fucking months prereq
rich prereq F bought prereq Jack wish
the most don't work quite so well in the
sub thing probably you probably knew
that's a joke captain s WC city wop men
doctor so io knaves for 29 fucking
months in a row dr. Sweeney says grab by
Terry flap squeeze it grab it
squeeze it and tug on my Terry flap hey
I want to take you to the Terry fold
dance want to come with me you can grab
my whole Dee folds squeeze them tight
you son of a bitch
and and with that we are caught up with
well and I caught up but we have
downloaded all of the workshop material
how do you put in the work it only
inserts it at the bottom Oh what it
didn't actually do it yeah at the bottom
bottom oh oh
so we'd have to read all of those
actually catch up yeah but that's fine
we know we'll we'll just come back after
doctors - okay okay that's fine okay
I'll scroll it up - yep okay hold on one
moment we have to go into chatty change
the name of the game we're playing you
change that I gotta get the game running
in them okay I'm gonna change that let's
see here X corn what did we call it oh
the the farming version yeah um more of
the chosen crops IB hosen yeah crops IV
hosing craps
I'd be hosing select game XCOM - war of
the chosen okay update stalling
Microsoft DirectX even though that's
almost certainly on here because I mean
like every every ever is that every
single but you go ahead and do that for
like literally no reason
it likes to install it every time every
time you stop playing it just check to
see if you have it no it actually
uninstalled it every time you stop
playing a game because it doesn't it
doesn't want to mess up your system we
talked about its in as much as neither
richer I have seen it and we don't
necessarily care - so sorry not sorry
just for the record all of these mods
that I have yeah I'm not doing anything
if it changes the gameplay it's all like
cosmetic type stuff like odd outfits for
soldiers and sure I saw you had the the
doom guy mod that's neat
yeah oh do you forget to change it no vs
I have to get the game running before I
can tell them to use it this is just the
this is the pre-launch menu now oh you
can you can select between than vanilla
it looks like X come to and war if the
chosen Oni and there's also a little
list here on the right of all your mom
for the mods you want to use oh that's
but you know what that's very nice yeah
that's very handy I like them I don't
find its offensive I just don't
necessarily care about it I know
everybody's up in arm about this whole
clown thing and there was a bunch of
dickheads there's a bunch of dickhead
clowns who are like protesting it
because it made clowning harder it's
like man you guys have dick kids it's
too late it's right clowns are
synonymous with creepy I'm sorry right
it happened can you keyboard in some
XCOM to action here next time to war of
the chosen or WotC chosen yeah great
I think exit go up a bit I think looks
like itll yeah make it big yeah they go
yeah that's great rich no mother does
have Jennifer Lawrence but it's also a
Darren Aronofsky film and that man can
get some he can get performances
new game new game veteran commander
commander no it's been a while since I
played maybe I'm probably gonna get my
ass kicked ache it down a notch look at
my ass kick you know that just adds to
the stream okay this man I'm also
turning on the the other I like I didn't
use any of the DLC shit
yeah so I'm getting them all DLC I'm
getting them all at once do it rich do
it wait is this the same opening no
probably not
we all tab without skipping
I go okay okay move that back over there
all right
dad and I guys might be able to hear a
little better
you can hear it great chap the
integrator checkbox isn't what you think
it is I read up on this it's actually
confusing I'll explain it later
people are saying should go back and
she's explaining like right I read this
I read up on this oh are you sure we
haven't seen this before
you're asking me if I'm sure about an
ex-convict
i as I said it I regretted it this just
seems like something we've seen maybe
you know maybe this was in like the
trailer for DLC this is a swimming by
the new prices they're the movie and
they're to highlight the new neat things
you get with the DLC Reapers
I'll take your word for it cover your
tracks and get the hell out of there
they can't know we were here yet
understood now
and this isn't all okay so somewhat
annoying for me as someone who doesn't
skip cutscenes yeah it's part of just
like a weird mental thing I have uh huh
yet I also frequently restart XCOM just
if I don't think I got off to a great
start this is really irritating of the
new year that the opening cutscene is no
20 minutes longer well and you don't
know if they're gonna put in a new thing
so you have to rewatch it every time
oh that is Marina Sirtis engage that it
sounded like oh is it someone say that
confirmed that's so funny
surgeries Kirk was saying confirm
most of the TNG cast is in this really
Jonathan Frakes where I walk
well Worf is obviously playing a big
dumb Elliot he's a tough one should I
ran them should I ran them should i Ram
them
oh Michael Dorn you've been typecast
they're saying Frakes is in Frakes is in
rich this is all cut so that integrated
thing yeah I read up on this yeah you
they want you to check the thing in the
woman all right there's this new DLC war
of the chosen yeah there's also old DLC
there's two old DLCs right okay and I
read up on this integrating those old
DLCs in the war of the chosen yeah just
means you get like the the props from
the likely the robot a class and some of
the weapons from the other DLC but you
just get that stuff in here but you
don't get the story missions that came
to those old DLCs so by choosing to not
integrate you actually get more content
you get those storied DLCs which I
haven't seen yet by not integrating it's
worded very confusing thing sure but for
anyone who has played them and
integrated means you have played them
already
the story missions just get that the
other items and shoes that
okay okay that now what now that you say
it makes sense but yeah that's worded
very poorly Marina Sirtis Jonathan
Frakes
Michael Dorn Denise Crosby John de lance
and Dwight Schultz John delance what are
we John delaine's is he's great
so much Shrek
the old DLC missions also don't work
very well we'll see here arch self says
hi rich and Jack I hope you're doing
well every summer we re watched Batman
Forever it was thoroughly entertained
thoughts thanks for the laughs PS rich
how dem white socks doing Batman Forever
is silly yeah I have heard an argument
stating that Batman Forever might be the
most complete Bruce Wayne as Batman
story told in the movies but it's so sad
about Bruce Wayne as Batman
it's just so silly that I you know the
the two-face Riddler stuff is very silly
find a bunch of shit dr. smoke trees the
one with Arnold Schwarzenegger is is
Batman and Robin talking about Batman
forever with the Riddler and two-face in
the next unit next units and val kilmer
right we need to know for watch dream
again as soon as the mercy changes come
out I've actually been playing some
overwatch and and getting a little bit
into doom fist he's a tough character to
figure out but I've been playing
recently as soon as the mercy changes
take effect we'll do an overwatch stream
because I want to I want to play a bunch
of mercy so absolutely the answer is
absolutely overwatch stream
you started playing sorry because me oh
man Zaria can give you some incredibly
badass moments Zaria as a heavy and just
not backing down
popping shields at the right time
decimating people I loves aria
the same so now if I haven't played
enough doom fist to know if I'll be
disappointed by him or not it's it's
difficult because you know you're used
to playing Reinhardt as a heavy being a
big melee character and so that's where
my brain goes with doom fists right away
is like I always feel like he has way
more health than he actually does so I'm
dying a lot and because it's he's mostly
melee orientated I don't I'm not using
him a ton I'm not liking them all so
anonymous says so I looked back and
turns out that the only full-length
trailer for force awakens came out on
October 19 2015 all right Disney
probably thinks delaying the trailer
until last-minute builds hype that's you
know what good sleuth work anonymous if
that is if we can you know believe your
information yeah Star Wars doesn't
necessarily need to advertise and they
know that I do for someone like me my
height level is minimum yeah but you
know the movies coming out I'm not
excited about seeing it as someone who
did not eight
the force awakens I am not excited about
the last Jedi
this doesn't look like stardew valley
this is a is a really intense stardew
valley mod we're actually trying to
break into a seed bank and inside the
seed bank they have pumpkin squash and
mega corn seeds which which yields two
times the amount of corn per stock but
in order to do it we need to defeat all
of these NPCs first so it's a it's an
it's an unusual stardew valley mod is it
because of rogue one that i stopped
caring
no rogue one is just a blah movie road
one advice my stuff here
that rogue one severely diminished my
hyper as someone who really likes the
force awakens after seeing rogue one I
bumped down my hyped levels a few a few
ticks
they're off the edge of some other
resolution sure would that help if you
can see your buttons no okay I'm just
gonna get all the things I want bound
bound great yes I know rogue one doesn't
have any Jedi's and obviously that
doesn't bother me I just overall think
it's kind of a dull pointless film I
don't know I don't care about any of the
characters in it yeah
characters you don't care care about
doing something that doesn't make a lot
of sense to which you already know the
outcome and plot wise you just let's go
here go here go there I don't know did
not do it for me yeah I'm with you I'm
with you rich yes walkers are neat good
I get it walkers or need I get it yeah
where's the turn camera rotate over you
know not like I'm for for me I'm not
dreading the last Jedi I've just
severely lowered my expectations after
the force awakens I was riding high I
really liked it I thought like it was a
nice fun direction even though it was
essentially retelling a new hope but I I
like the visual and I like the visual
direction and the the momentum it was a
good pace but after road one I was like
oh
one of the DLC ones I've got some
titanfall outfits in here not because I
like type of fall just because I think
they look neat like lots of neat outfit
I hear titanfall 2 has a really good
campaign mode
Rowland
rolling nigo cola says hey Jack and rich
I'm leaving
North America for the first time ever
I'm going to Oktoberfest in Germany for
the first week of October and I'm gonna
drink so much beer Jack any big trip
strats to share first of all that sounds
like an amazing time do it have a great
time enjoy yourself that's a really long
flight to Germany make sure you you get
up a few times during the flight just
you know take a walk to the bathroom
even if you don't have to go to the
bathroom stretch your legs it'll make
all the difference in the world and
drink plenty of water everyone forgets
to drink water when they moved person
ahead of him or else that's why this is
happening and I damn well know better
are you rusty is that it yeah just just
shake the calamari overs Rabbids you're
like a tank you have so much health it
doesn't really matter that much it's
fine I'll be fine
oh that's a good tip dreamer TK tell it
make sure you tell your bank and your
credit card providers that you are
leaving the country so that they don't
automatically shut off your credit cards
very important
well it cloaks I could even believe it
mate Oh blimey oh oh ma blimey blew all
my silver whiskers went bobbidi boo oh
that's another good one dreamer TK when
you when you go to another country when
you first get to the airport there
should be a tiny little electronic store
where you can get an adapter a power
adapter so you can charge all your trip
that's important
you're gonna die because you missed that
overwatch shot yep so dead so dead
sis Sperling says hey guys why is it so
hard to get a good giant mech game
wouldn't you play the hell out of a
modern mech warrior more giant robots
shootin and punching each other less
grey-brown shooters it would be I'm sure
someone's working on eight of them right
now
you can do it the shot percentage stats
that are shown on your turn is that a
mod or part of the new DLC that's always
been shot person yeah has never been a
mystery oh yeah this part of the
strategy figuring out how to get a
better stern shot yeah yeah yeah those
are always there XCOM the last one you
had that you talked about like like like
this right did the two hit yeah that's
not yeah and how it's like on his little
head there the 54% there yeah I'm trying
to remember a fad used to be I think it
did I'm pretty sure it is I think it's
always been
it's the blood color Ahmad no they're
aliens
yeah ish take mission photo some new
haha I've seen this you can make a
propaganda poster oh it's funny
does Mario bleed
okay gay please
alien propaganda between missions that's
new to terrorist forces instruct that's
cute that's cute that's great I'm doing
my part and right do you want to know
more
knowing this team there's got to be a do
you want to know more somewhere right I
don't know we'll find out no the Ranger
serves as our primary resources Ford
rich don't like Thor's rage not my ex
come not my ex come is that the
titanfall army no oh that's nice to be
DLC ever no no no well why does that
look notice but whilst you played it has
been a very long time since you dressed
your people of goofy as far away
no I didn't dress them up - I'm not -
goofy not like mega goofy just like it
sounds our sharpshooters engage enemy
targets with pinpoint accuracy from
extreme range they're also trained in
pistol marksmanship I was gonna say
something we got distracted about Thor
oh yeah IX come to me this is this is my
my gritties aat science fiction movie
yeah fantasy
I want people shooting at each other
with guns I don't want some idiot
running around who thinks he's in a
fucking anime trying to hit everything
with his goddamn Thord did your get your
ass out here Goku nobody wants you
there's a new rule here previously
recorded every character in an anime is
four from now on Goku that's why I love
it here - Goku like like fantasy setting
or kung-fu movie themed yeah I'll take a
thorn absolutely
my gritty rebels versus this alien force
oppressing earth I want guns like this
my V the final battle get your sword
badass oh good lord
get that shit get it right out of here I
want any of it
I can't different clothes I know Goku
doesn't you so that's why I liked him
referring to him as Goku no at least
part of that was a titanfall outfit
let's discuss it that's a mess right
there his outfit well has a hodgepodge
you you know you go into the character
and craters right you can sort that shit
out sure what what character class best
fits the dermis layer which one has a
shotgun heavy sniper assault not the
specialist that's a shotgun right Shh
yeah but that's the radio they have a
thorn - yes yeah I know sword well they
know of the glory kills my gut reaction
is anyone with a shotgun is the Doom's
there okay okay my my next option that
would probably be a heavy right like
with the big gun yeah yeah that would
work as well
he's a Grenadier assault I don't I don't
see no he has bullets not grenades I'm
sorry who the doom Slayer Rancic he's he
has grenades too but when you the the
first thought of the doom Slayer sure is
of bullets
I can see the allure of the Advent
therapy clinic as under the knife and
you've got a yes you need a shoot where
deer arms go yeah oh look at look at how
nice they organized their mods - yeah
that's really great game is very mod
friendly it's very for really then look
at that oh do it up can you put the
helmet on too
no it had
it's not so much shit
oh you have the Vanquish armor oh
there's not that's not that's probably
not vanquish vanquish transparent some
that solid oh that's it
doom enough rich look at that this is
exactly what mods were made for its
glorious everyone can be a doom marine
well do we want everyone to be a do
marine no no no you don't want to I'm
just saying everyone could be yeah and
that's the glory of mods what color do
we want it's got to be green
this guy bigger you want to see didn't
want standard I want I want that I want
the do marine yeah which green is whoo
that's a nice one that first one that
looks about right and then we can change
the secondary color oh you're right ok
just click on something else click on a
different color see just to double-check
no you're right
look shit you know what that armor looks
really silly without the arms it does VI
that's weird the sword clips through the
back oh well works are dumb that's why
all right leave the name people who's
the doom Slayer who is it who is the
doom Slayer hold on hold on chat lottery
when you open it in here rather than oh
I know but sit here it'll we'll get a it
takes a while to propagate so I will but
you just do the first one just a duel
marine that should be subscribers me and
mods subscribers and mods only
absolutely if I can random care random
chatter really host repose repose is the
do marine because the the Twitter only
works for someone who is like said
something in chat alright so first or
last name right after the last repose go
for a Jack you got the end keyboard I
need you to over it
posh is that it ah he was to peace I'll
tab make sure what they're either thank
you God now no no it says we we spelled
it close enough
say something else repose where are you
repose so Oh maybe only one p oh look we
can fix it who is even that person I
don't know but they are a subscriber
their subscriber and came up in the chat
lottery yep
so it's gonna count yeah see look the
the chat lottery only feels up for
someone who said sorry it's not re re PP
OS e PP repose for posh that sounds yeah
take the a out that's it
repose alright dooms their rubbish
mister sniper who's our sniper yeah we
gotta go you again because mine hasn't
propagated : I open this one up
everyone yep everyone everyone ready
pick a random chatter divers who ki tahi
first name dookie dookie of course last
name Dookie diver we need your help okay
it's sticky divers backstory born and
raised in ireland there is something of
a wild card
yeah no formal training speak of she may
just be the kind of recruit XCOM needs
it
she was jerry vanilla bias she was so
horribly bullied as a child because of
the name Dookie diver that she became
tough-as-nails years
of bullying turned her into the perfect
soldier I like it right do we need
alt-tab again I got some names in mine
all right include say something in chat
if you want to be if you want to be
offered okay ready
we'll do an everyone again hand over I
got it up in mind first your last name
what is everyone will know last name
might like show up on in missions
probably but my guess if it does one of
the other just gives my one there you go
Hanover boom I did it was one how much
is somebody who says something on the
chance we know they're actually
currently watching see here who wants it
who wants it the the first one I saw was
pick me pick me was epitaxy okay that's
the first one I saw in chat all right
well then if they if they get high
enough rank their their nicknames Pub G
that's right that's right great alright
now I have the tour up so I'll have
everyone's from now on okay let's get
one more
oh one more over we had a ton sure
technically all right let's do subs only
this is our last one subs only
Jordanna Danna
boom
there we go boom you too monkey fed have
a good night
I mean we got to give some of these
other people some cool outfits before
they go on their mission right we can we
can we can spend the whole fucking
stream doing this pose is the thing I
know I don't like I don't want to I
don't want to spend the whole stream
doing that but I feel like we need at
least two more cool out fine line I am
responsible for the entirety of our
research here as well as the procedure
you so recently underwent well I'm not
sure what central may have told you but
we found something while removing you
from the alien stasis okay let's see
here when I got here and access to the
equipment available to me during my
tenure at Advent I would already know
the precise nature of its function
however your approval of course
I share aspects of this facility are
indeed let's see here Gaye pleases hi
fellas hope there's room on your shelves
for the terrible DVDs they sent you
completely unrelated note got a new cat
and his name is rich Evans don't think
he's allergic to seafood though rich
Evans come here rich Evans
that jab is a jab
says hey Jack and Richmond joined the
stream while I can in Orlando thanks for
the entertainment
stay safe sad jad get the high ground
mother Jesus stay safe
never going to get any work crazy out
got here farad in 2 1772 says the
working file got corrupted or
overwritten or something so
unfortunately I didn't finish this but
it's about 90% done sorry I suck hope
it's ok that's it's rich it's a rich as
a this this is I just that link is ok
it's not spam its rich as a soldier
that's what I was looking at what
wildfires earthquakes over there we're
kind of work out we got it we got a big
land buffer by us all you got to do is
put up with nine months of snow yeah
that's not bad
commander
commander there's room for us to expand
our facilities on board the Avenger
commander but we'll need more engineers
to clear up space for construction first
motion commander the training center is
new apparently you can
your soldiers can like earn points and
buy new skills and additions the ones
they get from leveling up mm-hmm
it sounds like it could be a recipe for
just being completely overpowered which
is one of the problems XCOM has
late-game I'm worried it's just gonna
make it worse
oh it's gonna worries me Angela all
right but I'm gonna build the guerrilla
tactics cool because we need to increase
the number of centers absolutely
priority absolutely let's see here urban
crisis says thanks for the stream if
you're starting a new game an ex-con can
I be a soldier we're doing this watcher
or the the randomizer that seems to be
the fair way to do it we can do whatever
we want if they significantly impress
you we can name some whatever absolutely
you're if you are significantly
impressed something they say something
with something they say sure is yours
the training center just allows you to
bond to further commander where it's
binding that's something new to this you
can get as the reaper close to you once
two soldiers can work well together who
is their friend gives them something in
the area for additional supplies and
resources you never know what we may
find out there
commander one of our resistance contacts
just tipped us off to a site that may be
worth and I see now everyone in chat
going I love clowns clowns are the best
I think they're really funny because
what what because they wanted they want
me to pick them need to be on your team
you're so handsome thank you for being
so handsome yo guys
sir dank if of Wales is rich
you're supposed to be hyped for the last
Jedi why the 80 80s are bigger snoke's
ship is really super way bigger than
stupid Vader ship that's what I know
it's the bigger was that rich passing a
vast amount of data directly to your
cerebral cortex with the primary
connection severed much of that data is
lost several fragments do remain however
ghosts if you will observe tactical
combat simulations war games the sheer
volume of encounters you're processing
was astounding it it is truly remarkable
that you survived sorry TV's on I get
distracted I get distracted when people
talk and move TVs have not says you may
have talked about it earlier on the
stream but are you guys excited about
Nintendo's mainstreaming and XCOM style
game and our XCOM is pretty mainstream
now but hopefully more so would be deal
with mario Rabin's what about nintendo
kind of bringing in yeah tactical
strategy - to the family over ceramics
yeah I'm with you I don't like the
Explorer II sections very much well I
like everything else quite a bit
officers have clearly been modified to
allow for their subordinates to receive
new order
psionically the implanted yeah yeah no I
think you know for hopefully for some
kids out there they'll they'll pick up
the the silly little Rabbids Mario game
and and really be into it and start
looking into other games that are like
that that could happen no not worried
about exercising at the moment I go I
make sure to go on a couple walks just
walk around the block just something to
get out of the house and go on a walk
but no notice I'm just concentrating on
losing right now I will try to figure
out an exercise routine some sort of
muscle gaming routine when the time
comes but right now just just weight
loss
commander as the resistance continues to
grow we'll have a better chance see here
rich yeah how do your bearers do today I
have no idea I don't we'll have to move
fast as today football is today first
and they sold the pre-sale or just the
first full I don't know today might be
first football man you can tell I'm a
super enthusiast right
you're deployed reckless yes one of the
mobs rich has is the is the doom Slayer
armor is the doom guy armor and it's
awesome and in between every mission
we're gonna give someone some sort of
cool ass armor and I love it fucking
love it
anthrax max is also trying to get a
composer friend of mine to incorporate
rich Evans's laugh in one of his
electronic composition I'm a cellist
Julia if you missed earlier said bless
us bless up dudes
you're a cellist at Juilliard
I did miss your earlier tip I'm sorry
anthrax max who says hey there I'm in
college now I'm a cellist at Juilliard
so I can finally watch you all live love
you guys let's hope that br-2 o49 isn't
shit here's the cost of a train right
here in New York City I'm a cellist at
Juilliard
congratulations oh my god this grace
rolling so comically fast comically fast
Time missions
I'm emissions yep gotta keep that gotta
keep that pressure on oh you're right
Rich's hat just went into tactical mode
like Ash Ketchum it's about to get real
he just flipped the Hat ash Ketcham does
when it when he's ready to go into
battle takes his Pokemon League hat
turns it backwards helps him concentrate
oh my god oh my god now I've lost
everybody what's going on where are we
you've turned your hat too many times
rich you're over tactical I can't we're
stuck oh oh no way cuz it's moving there
what happened it's cuz of your mouse
should I move the other mouse what
happens
nope my screen stops scrolling forever
ly weird now it's working
don't worry everything's fine
hostile forces spotted yeah rich has to
catch some Advent that's his real test
this option scroll screen speed right
yes
likelihood that gear will show up
randomly recruit we can turn this up
down really yeah it's funny
tactical camera speed way the fuck down
what difficulty is this this is a
commander difficulty which is a little
rusty didn't want to go
man there's about what I usually play oh
yeah I want to go crazy high well I was
trying to talk him into the one below it
just uh you know he's back in
but hey
she's in it is in it to win it
minutes of women they need a mod with
the aliens
you mean the alien aliens that's what
I'm saying
like the Eila legs the Xenomorphs why do
they need that and be fun and a Ripley
then you need a Ripley mom
everyone's Ripley it all be the same huh
then everything is to say I think then
it's the benefit I don't see the appeal
of this Senna's alien for its aliens
fuck it's all agree clone
oh all of her clones well they moved too
far and I can't do a little ambush or no
that's sitting
I don't know where L will be spotted
from this is terrible thanks my name is
Tate something you know sometimes I'll
start reading something and you know
I'll read a little bit ahead but I'll
just kind of read it as it goes that
that one could have taken a sour turn
yep
yes have all Milla Jovovich is yes
that's a great idea
I love it make it happen
frag out
hey catch
nice you doing it rich it's hardly done
yet ah I like it let's see here
Essen and 1984 says hey guys just came
back from watching it missed half of
your stream probably my bad
I loved it I'm sure you guys talked
about it earlier thoughts here's an
extra tip money because I bought a child
ticket
neither richer I have seen it and either
richer I care about it that much I've
heard good things but it's not very high
up on my list of things to see Ford
target neutralized
guys there's a lot of grenades this
one's speaking encounter
proof fit swords are awesome up someone
saying good job Goku yeah until that
whiffs and he's left vulnerable yep any
games I'm looking forward to this
holiday season um oh I'm sure there's a
few nothing off the top of my head to be
quite honest with you all right I know
I'm rusty because I'm I'm not moving my
sniper last
doesn't really pop it out I got it I
have to find out what's all coming out
it's all coming out soon Mario Odyssey
oh sure Maura Odyssey yeah that'll be
fine
you know I'm most excited about the
mercy updates that they're making
motivation that's so doomed
you getting old Jack yeah I mean I'm
getting old but I like also there's just
there's so many new games every single
fucking day where it's hard to keep up
it's hard to keep up with what's all
happening but yeah there's I'm excited
new games coming on fine
yeah it is so do marine right that's
great I know like it's just a cosmetic
thing but it makes it it makes it like
20% more awesome is there just like a a
mute character voice option Oh Oh that'd
be great
that's the true do marine experience
he's not gonna say a fuckin word either
vixie and of course he invited me to for
rocket League if I'm on I've been
playing a little rocket league recently
that's a fine game just needed to needed
something to kill some time and yeah
rocket League little overwatch little
Team Fortress 2 actually tried to I
picked up by that Flint hook again yeah
after after we I played that other hook
game and I'm getting it a little bit
more I still think it has some some room
size problems but I played a little bit
more Flint hook and I got into that it
was the other game I tried out today
I tried out a Blood Bowl 2 which is a a
tactical like ogre football game it was
on sale for pretty cheap the other day
and I decided to pick it up just on a
lark and it's it's like XCOM movement
style but you're playing football with
orcs
right it's kind of interesting I haven't
gotten too much into it
lucky shot lucky shot one shot
nope you're not gonna give me a lucky
shot what's my rank in rocket League
well I think most of my hours are on the
ps4 on the PC I think I'm only 24 25
all right I can deal with this I can
deal with this yeah played a little bit
of that and I enjoyed the it's
interesting like so far everything seems
to be fairly simple but I'm sure it gets
harder as you play the game but yeah
it's it's like you know grid-based
movement turn-based tactical football
and it's really interesting once we're
done with this maybe we'll give that up
we'll give that a go
that's right peeps 13 if you if you have
the Amazon Prime you get one free
twitch subscription up in my mild
inconvenience for you with a great
benefit to us apparently it's in the
Warhammer universe oh how fun why are
you doing anything
they go
rich versus jack blood bowl - yeah that
could be fun
critical nine waste
I mean you kill them so that's right
sectoid waste your turn waste your turn
XCOM - tactical advice this is why you
don't attack the sectoid first you
attack the people around him first
mm-hmm like that guy I killed instead of
like the scary sectoid just go look at
all that health he's scary I want to
kill him yeah
no you killed a little guy with for
health then he can't shoot you next turn
the guy with the full health and there's
a good chance not a 100% chance that the
sectoid is effectively going to waste
his turn just reanimating the corpse of
the guy you killed
yep that's great that means I can come
over here and shoot you in the face with
my shotgun with a 100 percent chance to
hit as opposed to that fucking sword and
once you kill the sectoid
the sizin be also good smells blood Bowl
actually started as a tabletop war
hammer spin up oh that's so funny
it it was interesting I know someone
that's what I mentioned it before and
there's new DLC that everyone's talking
about it was on sale for like 10 bucks
this tactical football game and and so
far it's interesting I'm you know I'm
not much of a sports person about
shotguns are better shotguns are better
that guns are better and yes
the doom Slayer is a lady because the
lady had the shotgun so she's the doom
Slayer now
equality motherfuckers sorry it's okay
but okay what you got
I understand they buff the sword in this
but just the mic we don't like it fix
calm get rid of it and you fit it and
you had a point-blank shotgun shot
you're gonna take that yeah
gotta admit sing doom guy running around
a next time is kind of badass
absolutely fucking with we're gonna find
one more cool outfit
well doom guy does not do stealth right
do Slayer doesn't home slave
gender-neutral doom Slayer yes
so what's Blademaster god nothing swords
do more damage I think okay yeah maybe
and Plus 10 aim which i think is
something that added in this I'm not o
plus 10 I'm not a hundred percent sure
because I didn't pay that much attention
to the swords in vanilla XCOM - yeah
like that oh by the way they have a
fatigue meter now oh this little green
bar see that yeah interesting so if you
take him on too many missions I get 14
okay cool
Jordanna says remember I'm a diva when
it's outfit time let me see what cool
outfit we could find for your sniper
because they have that that six-shooter
we're ready to move when you are
commander I've updated our objective
information Oh kinda bond to limited
resources available to you commander
all right why not manage to exceed my
expectations
excellent work commander having these
two soldiers continue to work together
has paid off they know each other well
enough at this point that we can have
them commander is a powerful tool just
ask advents propaganda machine I say
it's time we turned it against them by
spreading the word of our soldiers
exploits in combat we can bolster morale
gonna make em shoot up a little bit
that's great thanks fire and ice
yeah well you think orange that pops
nice this may be a red no I'm dark red
yeah we're just fine
font
look not that not that
that's pretty angular oak now that say
go with that one yeah one yeah you know
it's chunky like doom take foam yeah
great
looks like it does 1 automatically for
every mission oh that's fun that's great
they add it they you know they added a
lot of fun the engineering team we can
start clearing out space for new
facilities commander we should keep
looking for more recruits though we'll
need them to staff the facilities once
they're built new orders commander doing
it up in comics and there was no Comic
Sans option there was a handwritten
option which looked just silly
yeah oh you know what who do you like
character creating that type stuff yep
just hand him over to Advent myself okay
yo this is my / yes okay yeah we got to
find okay we have to find some cool look
because you know when your sniper pulled
out that six shooter right look that was
pretty cool let's see let's see what
download I start with the torso have any
trouble bringing in a test subject for
tagging to look at especially since he's
not asking for a live go go back yeah
just make this easier go back we pulled
from a good escape like like out of this
menu at once okay one more time
captain's okay going to character info
okay okay attitude attitude yeah going
to laid-back just she holds her gun up
and we can see what the fuck were doing
oh there you go you're okay it's hard to
pick a torso outfit out when she's
holding her gun in front of it
all right let's see what we got here
these those are kind of cool
standard do should be a lot more not oh
it's oh oh oh yeah wait what no there's
not may be there may be some are
exclusive of the other armor too sure
see like is that yeah no no oh oh there
we go there we go check that out that's
awesome
the shoulder is part of mob what do you
add with the shoulders right and left
shoulder I don't remember that from
before
anarchy Mon no I think that's too much
well maybe you know what maybe just done
one oh there we go just like this huh
okay that's not bad that's actually
official oh yeah here we want we want a
head I'm gonna see if she has a cowboy
hat yeah I want her nice not bad well
you can click that one now we can change
it later
whoa whoa well it's modular that one
that's a mod one that goes with there's
other pieces in like the lower face oh
yeah
so you can mix and match to make a
helmet look at oh we could make a cyborg
okay I'm gonna have way too much fun you
can pick this game up again whatever you
want I can't I have it I know all these
mods are really easy to do just make
sure it's compatible with them or of the
chosen if you get the DLC oh we not not
for her but look at that you can have a
like a cool spy mask oh there's my got
better ones than that oh yeah keep going
yes mask that's great
wait how did you get a helmet on
okay all that matters is not floppy
being a was it oh we wanna
stupid
dress hat
where did that cool hat go which one
there was like a there was like a an
outdoorsy sniper hat lower there it is
boonie hat I don't like it the other
face prompts doom oh we don't like it I
don't like it I don't like that hat rich
I'm sorry
and she was so she was so cool when she
did her little her little you know pull
out the handgun thing that I want her to
have a cool look to her face perfect
floppy bunny it's slightly different
I know I got some cool ones whatever oh
I know I know this is just one of those
things where you could spend you could
spend hours just no time for dip 60 SF
gam fedora great
oh just do the red ham go ahead band
it's up to you that's kind of cool check
out the upper and lower face props just
probably some good stuff in there
upper face crops Oh see ya now we're
talking oh the sniper gets a nightmareg
cigarette absolutely I just want to see
what else look at that oh this is so
cool fucking love all this shit oh my
god yeah it's a good cigarette it's
wither where it's at look at that so now
she's gonna pull out her six year and
just go dice Kim do I have new face
paints doesn't perform on
unless these are part of months yeah
take their enemies are blood splatter no
oh shit we can do hair yeah we gotta
give her a cool haircut now there's a
ton of different dlc hairs just for the
females I couldn't find any freaking
dudes oh yeah yeah half of the room sure
anime characters
maybe I don't know those installed right
now I've done it I saw there was one
that was very obviously cloud yep oh I
don't mind that I don't mind dreadlocks
at all I'll tell you what dreadlocks to
me like this is a prayer this is a
person who who spent so much time out in
the wilderness killing people they have
no time to wash their hair right look at
that
Dookie divert scarce yeah we already got
blood we already got the blood hello we
just need we just need pants and we're
good to go first of all I don't mind the
tiny shorts I don't mind the tiny shorts
at all but no we need this there we go
there we go wait wait legs it's all
there once that's all there was four
legs and possible that's impossible this
is all there is relax
unless I'm missing something here we
have to be the normal non DLC legs
weren't in that list
show their torso legs unless with that
particular torso would only lets you use
I don't know that's something wrong
there oh wait what is this I don't want
this bike gauntlet
just enough mr. Larry there we go spike
call it was too much Dookie divert that
is a badass character right there look
at that look at that chick she's right
out of a Quentin Tarantino movie Dookie
diver you're a fuckin badass do they
come smaller do which come smaller the
pants yeah she had booty shorts but I
didn't like the look of her in booty
shorts will die first mission probably
once you put on Anarchy children torsos
you start losing options everywhere oh
that's dumb so because I gave her that
cool vest yeah well you know what I a
works it works
none of the mods do that shit right
right let's see here anonymous says I
think we are about to for an epic
adventure game with lots of voiceover I
know it takes a lot out of you guys but
damn there are some magical moments
sands and flowey or something special
yeah you know what I agree with you
I agree with you that will happen it
will absolutely happen the game Jack you
know I think we I think we just gotta go
to Space Quest - that's all there's
probably not as much dialogue in there
it's more pure do you remember how space
quest one was there was not much
dialogue at Space Quest one another
relatively speaking we just picked up a
signal s - probably along those lines
okay I'm finna leave one of ours but we
can do a jenolan sure I know it sounds
crazy but if there's any chance of sure
people could find something there
I think we owe it to them let's see here
Nikolas is thanks Jack and the chat for
the advice earlier at Oktoberfest I will
feel much safer in my later hosen Jack
are you big fan of German beer fo
aizen's whiff of this is the stance you
usually I've been drinking a lot of IPAs
no I cannot recite the alphabet
backwards
I played undertale so much I bought the
game and played it with their streams -
voiceover it gets lonely without us
doing the voices it gets lonely rich I
can see that you know I know there's
that that what is it the one inspired by
x-files
it's supposed to be good what I can't
get it yet you need 50 supplies someone
to be a sergeant that's irritating sure
there's a point-and-click adventure game
called like what is it now I want to say
Ron Gilbert maybe i sir don't get some
whale someone in chat is gonna know it's
cold
that's the let's the hip thimble we'd
Park I knew you guys were measures
cinnamon thank you look I'm not exactly
having drinks with them but they did
hold up their end of the bargain what
about wait and see
yeah I think that's right show up those
a little bit like Jonathan Frakes with a
lot of distortion as there wasn't that
recording Mulk to his friends
communication or whatever it was maybe
part of the reason why you're standing
here today bulk may be a little rough
around the edges but he's the real deal
that's one of three resistance groups
operating independently from us that
reconsiders the DLC stuff yeah
hate each other still we've made some
unlikely progress what these Reapers may
have found you but they weren't acting
alone they were tipped off by a group of
Advent defectors known as the
skirmishers they came from but you
wouldn't be here without their help but
skirmishers skirmishers have agreed sir
measures these provided you service that
go between the trust doesn't come easy
between these two so we're heading for a
nice quiet spot on neutral ground then
so let's not take any chances until on
this area is weak and we're picking up
strange chatter on comms not to mention
we're ending a decade-long blood feud
today and it buys our soldiers to be
fully prepared before we deploy on this
one commander good luck
since we're all friends now maybe you
could lend my people a hand in dealing
with a problem of ours
definitely Riker so I recommend we
proceed as soon as possible please
record this pair right here not the one
talking but that yeah there that guy's
15 West Asia that first recording it was
hard to tell the volume is down at first
but yeah second this action has agreed
to allow a two-person squad to escort
them to the rendezvous point hopefully
that should be enough to keep them from
killing each other
we've got a temporary ceasefire in place
for the duration of the meets let's
don't that doesn't mean we shouldn't be
ready for anything
absolutely
Marky's sniper um a two-man squad this
is what you're going for I thought you
were going bond there's two different
going out at once oh shit yeah yeah rich
Sharan do this now
I got I got my two heavy hitters on one
team in the - we've had that snipers are
weak but early game snipers interchange
screen resolutions I'm sure it's one of
those buttons down there I got or the
move well check out the bond later yep
we're gonna team up the shotgunner with
the Sharpshooter okay sure sure
all right
so man you got a drone right you're fine
you got a drone
guy Ranger deployed
to do
sunglasses girl will crack under
pressure the glasses are just a front
for her insecurities
I like that put your cap and tactical
mod Omo yep
that oughta be the very best no one ever
was doo-doo-doo-doo this is all brand
new to me exactly like Destiny's Child
or TLC more TLC either versus Beyonce
I'm yeah it's not like you can the other
I would probably closed anything right
that's why I like the eye patch
she's not even missing her other eyes
just focus
just focus first never but I think what
would be great is if he messes up the
character model and she puts it up to go
there's a decent chance very funny
we got the zombies from the man finish
oh yeah she voluntarily blinded herself
to be a better sniper yes I love it
I kind of like having the do marine of
course
you are safe here
more so than you imagine
we shall see if the same holds true for
these skirmishes of yours here Troy yeah
oh that's so fucking the Troy yeah I
didn't hear the president's already
disturbs them we must move quickly
my people will take care of this cat
come
uploading the coordinates to the
rendezvous point
now mr. happy life uh says the graphics
are really part of it the entire caps of
my people in the first years of the war
you would dare do this pretty sure hands
are bloody at both sides of this fight
that's the whole point of this
intervention Reapers are born in the
shadows in the cold harsh world that was
waiting for us out there we rely on
stealth and long-range attacks and our
marksmen are unmatched by even the best
XCOM has to offer reapers use an
advanced form of concealment called
shadow which only has a chance to break
after taking actions all right
consecutive actions increase the chance
of being revealed while in shadow
Reapers have increased mobility and
their enemies have smaller detection
radii
I go where I'm needed damaged and
dormant all these years these devices
still emit trace elements of unstable
radiation I cannot fathom what they were
like in the original function we were
there doctor you're better off having
missed it
this thing's for the first game
that's way you see the thing in the
upper y'all not that far it's far enough
behind woman it does not look like
there's a time I guess we just saw
overwatch creep yep I so like having the
dome buried listen it's silly because
you know it's the same character but yes
it looks like the do marine and it's
great I've got snipers on the squad
that's probably overkill oh well it's
not gonna hurt you it might for the
other portion oh sure
understood moving out
they're saying Reaper is not a sniper
though it looks like a sniper rifle
it does look like a sniper rifle and he
mentioned them being the best shot
okay
all right no there's no rush because we
have no timer yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna
fall back on the old stress that's why I
actually like the time missions
yeah that's kind of creepy looking
I'm down with those
like oh I like your Moxie but that's a
shotgun I bad range for that I can do it
I'm in overwatch
I like it I'm stumble out the windows
it's great so how did it become zombies
because the these pods had radiation
that's a major-league wanking yes yeah
so
but Oh chance will reveal
interesting what effects that can I
is it like better if I'm in cover
my life is in your hands
no it doesn't change anything it's just
a 50% chance I can only assume there'll
be opportunities to improve that yes if
we are careful with our shots we will
prevail
headshot shaming okay XCOM unit kills
the loss with a standard attack that
mean it receives an additional action
point by carefully selecting targets and
a soldier can kill several lost
look I'm
all right cool
what the fuck is there Skeletor mob
zombies these are the ex comes on bees
right up close check by the way it
wouldn't it be great if if do marine
took his sword out shoved it into his
shotgun and shot his sword at the aliens
that's the good use of a sword wouldn't
it be awesome
look sorta goes I'll never use this ran
out of points
so they hear very well and then great
numbers they can be overwhelming I guess
I'll just use my fucking shotgun
oh yeah
if I turn on watch ready to rock
an entire city of our own people I think
the idea with the lost is light they'll
just keep spawning in spawn you know you
just don't need em oh oh right I'm just
you know I think instead of having the
time around this that you you have like
the the loom of the Dead as your as your
creep there's a stroll for the park so
far so far have I ever eaten at Red
Lobster the fucking cheesy biscuits are
the greatest thing in the world I have
gone to Red Lobster and only ordered
cheesy biscuits and then left with my
order of cheesy biscuits Joe got some
cheese abyss - these creatures are worse
even than Advent they have no cause no
fear they simply exist if we do not
defeat the aliens soon we will become a
little more than a bit
rusty
anonymous says of course the female doom
Slayer won't stop talking just kidding
ladies we love you we love you we love
you when you talk about then that's what
anonymously not mean but anonymous I do
know that they sell the cheesy biscuit
mix at stores so I can make them at home
they're great I am disappointed yep
50 the I'm pretty good at long-range
shot gun hits you know shotguns aren't
as bad as they're made out to be in
games oh yeah I know good range that was
just pretty far if he's not what you say
he is I shall kill him myself looking
forward to this meeting already have to
go through here deal with that
yeah
first though
whoa
moving is ordered
Lorna's confirmed moving out
wants me to go up
all right maybe they just think I can
yeah you could Dom B's you could call us
as I'm confused what part is rich
disappointed in I don't think he's
disappointed in part so far what did I
say was just I don't know if someone's
someone's complaining and someone else
is asking what you're complaining about
but I don't think you're complaining
about anything then I complain nope I
think people soon yeah what soon I think
it's just a joke I'm looking at that
coming out okay where did you get the
XCOM 2 mods again Steve just go to the
workshop they're on Steam Yeah right
well you can go to XCOM mixes probably
hasn't there too sure but right now on
your in your game page there should be
right under where you hit play for the
game there should be a big button that
says workshop you can go to the workshop
and then you follow people and you get
the mobs that they make and you should
get the doom Slayer mod for this if you
have it because then you get to take the
dooms lair with you Oh rich said he was
disappointed that his sniper missed a
shot that's what he said he was
disappointed yeah probably yeah
yeah the workshop is actually really
easy to work with you just click a
couple buttons and you got your and you
got your mom's isn't that the stream
ends immediately at the four hour mark
the four hour rule is I like to go at
least four hours right so not only is
the four-hour
hour rule being followed right now we
were getting more you're just
misrepresenting what the for our rule is
one yeah I didn't get this dumb I think
that every stream
oh wait I got a Oh soldiers remaining
that's not a terms left out okay there's
no reason to rush
no no reason right so you got four years
my people hunted his kind for years we
survived now you risk everything for
your dreams of peace if you haven't
noticed the aliens have been kicking our
planet's ass for the past twenty years
you think maybe it's time we try
something else
if only your speeches could take down
cursed creatures I think rich is
enjoying this all right it you know at
first it was weird and Bradford having a
different voice yeah I can fully admit
he's better no
and in this game Bradford's a lot less
stupid haha okay like in the first game
when he was like confused when the
scientists thought it would be a good
idea to like capture an alien alive yeah
anyone think that's a what a kind of
ridiculous idea is that and then it's
like you know Shen the engineers we
could we could interrogate the alien and
oh yeah yes it's very good shot Bradford
is so stupid yeah the next comment amia
known I would frequently do bradford
while playing that game as the Sun
Yvonne's voice it's being dumb and
ignorant existed these creatures seem to
employ some sort of rudimentary
communication system
auditory signals or some form of hive
like consciousness your point doctor the
entire swarm knows there is food here
now I would advise we make haste to lead
this area
I'm presuming oh god I hope I'm not
wrong that I can't find if we all sprint
right you just have to make it there
right yeah I woulda lost but if it was
extremely stupid yeah yeah was second
squad is already on route to MOX proceed
to the rendezvous and await their
arrival she's not the greatest she's a
yeah
choo-choo in that old scenery Oh we'll
be there long range shotgun hey do
marine am i right he did the doom Slayer
dude and I haven't a shotgun wielded by
the motherfucking Doom Slayer dooms Leia
gay plea says hey guys about to get some
sleep because I gotta get up at 4 a.m.
for work to make somewhat interesting
conversation mice okay sir why is this
ship hovering so long do I have to put
like a button is this a cutscene I was
loading screen oh okay
read any good books lately night really
haven't sorry
Philistine but I have not read into good
you know I started I started that Oryx
and Crake book and I have not gotten
very far in it
the drop michael dorn is all done it
our meeting point is still secure Oh
Wharf ramming speed we have to go in
random speed surprises are the least of
our worries today it is these reapers of
yours that are of concern after its
office they have a grapple oh how are
you not gonna be overpowered with this
mod
the DLC you mean yeah what the DLC none
of my I said my time at DLC well you
know this is both of these stages or
tutorial stages I can only assume that
they've ramped up the difficulty in such
a way where it's balanced and I hope
they have not made the normal XCOM
soldiers mostly obsolete that would be
irritating yeah yeah yeah well you know
it's it's all about balance and you can
only hope because they put out quality
balanced games before that they have
they know what they're doing right maybe
yeah maybe
they say the chosen and the alien
nobility will but fuck you in ways you
can't even understand says the 97th
jackal so they give you some nice
powerful characters but all right
probably you some nice powerful enemies
too
I don't want I don't want
XCOM soldiers to feel useless either as
compared to the DLC sure the super
stealth and shoot twice soldiers yeah
you can power up normal XCOM soldiers
through the training center yeah plus
the alien rulers and chosen can be Oh PS
fuck
oh there you go what Oh they blow up
when they die you weren't kidding when
you said those
any unnecessary chances the patrol has
been liberated a their lives not be lost
in vain we must push forward and
complete our mission
well me move out don't remember seeing
these things before you were not meant
to purifiers were created with a
singular purpose to contain the Drakh 10
the lost we must eliminate this Patrol
quickly before others arrive fine by me
take them down
so use your grapple hook she doesn't
have a grapple hook oh I'm sending it
from the stairs
oh you give a grapple hook that's like
something they brought back from home on
the roof oh that doesn't come as an
action either
that's interesting
rich he's on the road
he's got the grapple hook Oh rich what
there's your poster why is it here in
this abandoned section with all the
zombies we just we just made that poster
yesterday yeah they were they were busy
putting it up in the zombie light oh
that means the zombies you killed were
your friends that we're putting up your
poster which makes no sense
mad roots dreads
pulled off I had to put a little too
much alien stuff on voice
let's see here now Thomas says Jack do
you have your kids Halloween costume
planned out yet also so used to the
number pad on my decimal point so used
to the number pad and my decimal point
doesn't always work if I tip you $200
one day just know that you didn't truly
earn it
thanks anonymous no no I did not we were
still figuring out some family costume
ideas
this is no patrol it's an army
well okay hmm
Pura fires may be down but unfortunately
that was our extraction point I fear
that it's not the worst of multiple
biological signatures rapidly on
approach to your position the lost the
sounds of combat excite them they are
drawn to it there was no other choice
find an alternate exit we will deal with
the lost track Lara
dashes they are not as docile as the
rest of their guard an apt description
it would seem the mutation as somehow
accelerated these dashers metabolism
allowing enhanced speed and agility with
a corresponding increase in aggression
hold position for 4 turns grab all
wrap all oh okay all right
I have my finger on the ixi guy sir
clicking right-click and nope no I don't
want to move yet
yeah it's our orig gonna get all these
guys on moves
you gonna get it what I want to get all
these guys on rooms yeah mad roof strats
hunkering down slowly towards whoops
sure
sure that's right the zombies are
zombies
the
these laws seem to be pretty sensitive
to noise the sounds of combat are likely
to draw even more of them oh shit
I have to shoot
oh no there was a grenade thing grenades
you know loud
Hey
the shockwave of that explosion
reverberating throughout most of the
city I would expect a significant
reaction God you sound just as dumb as
this alien than you do is worth fighting
all of that fighting is the only fight I
fight for honor and combat are the honor
and combat that we honor combat combat
honor without fight there is no life
we fight for life the life fight as we
call it in my fight life are you
underneath
enemy destroyed reloaded
was that thing Worf was wearing on his
chest and TNG I was like a Klingons
Klingon honored with honor Klingon glory
battling battle honours like battle
honours Klingon warrior because that was
lost big thing right we see the first
Klingon officership the first Klingon we
spent any amount of serious time with in
Star Trek
oh sure but yeah he's the first Klingon
in Starfleet period yeah so that was
basically him like you know keeping his
uh keeping his own yeah
Oh
oh my god Ridge that's so many of them
custard together
conveniently sure and you do get you
know as long as you have the ammo we can
deal with this
you dumb idiot
so can humans and Starfleet wear giant
American flags if they want well one
that's assuming that they're American
and we know that not everyone in
Starfleet is American the card but I'm
sure if they had now the reload is a
free action you gonna scare something
weird rape if not I'd throw a grenade
XCOM
did it XCOM you
well that that 99% chance shot that
didn't kill the zombie you know I really
fuck my day yep
I think it's green if it is free
someone's saying
you can take out two that's ash
cuz I got for help yeah it's got for
help
died horribly stress okay you can do it
100% nice tactic right there
look for the weak one you know you can
kill
first
all right I'm gonna get a free action so
you can reload right away or move or
shoot a grenade
thanking is being done no worries think
away collecting data says thank you for
the for our stream goal I love being a
sub but cannot watch as often as I would
like thank you for your time
lol cringe at my midge okay
we're trying to keep the game volume up
for anyone who's interested in you know
then all the new content of the games I
know the right now there's a lot of
music and we're not talking a lot but
overall it's a good idea for people who
want to hear what the new characters are
saying
is the other one
- Tara
that I took out there
it's work
thank you okay
she's not things back there I think it's
right behind those stairs he's not that
one specific square of yeah I'm fucked
one of them's alive
using it in damage
miss I'll take it this is weird we
outrun them is that a thing that could
work
I mean maybe someone is saying this
zombie mission is making me want to buy
this new XCOM DLC once we get this
mission over we'll get some first
impressions by rich
grapple grapple the freedom rich
you can shoot 100% shoot barrels
don't think that'll count it's the free
action though I think it needs to be a
zombie and and it's at all it says
headshot you need to headshot design
that was quite a gamble right there
co-spon we talked a little bit about
Netflix well I talked a little bit about
Netflix defender series overall I
thought it was all rights maybe a little
underwhelming but you know slightly
better than the pretty subpar in my
opinion iron fists and Luke Cage it was
fine I didn't necessarily care about the
storyline because it was mostly Danny
Rand storyline but and one of the most
upsetting parts for me was outside of
maybe one or two the action sequences
were kind of disappointing the best way
I've heard it be described as far as the
disappointing aspect of it is what you
have here is a bunch of characters who
all have similar powers is they're
basically basically just all punch
people and when you have a group dynamic
it would be really important to have
different characters with different
power sets being able to fill a greater
space you know if you think about like
something like The Avengers you got Iron
Man flying around you have you know Hulk
doing big stuff you have Hawkeye being
like the Scout II then you have Captain
America and Black Widow doing more of
the punching stuff and you have a wide
range of heroes who are able to fill a
greater space than the defenders are
so hey I wish they're action sequences
were a little more dynamic but overall
not terrible
that's a lot of them it'd be great if
you're over the modown multiplayer with
that same gun is that the strap now the
right in the fucking path oh this is a
nightmare
it's a very spirit is in the Marvel
movies including The Avengers even
though they seem diverse the characters
largely all just punch oh I think wow
that's true
they still do more than that they he'll
have different mobilities and you know
it also speaks to a good director who is
just giving them something to do on
their own
like I said filling a different space
Iron Man might be punching aliens out of
the sky but he's doing so while flying
around with rocket boots very different
than what cap is doing on the ground
which is very different than what
Hawkeye is doing they're all working as
a team doing slightly different things
even though they're fighting so they're
just they're filling different spaces
and I like that is your distinction yeah
this is just the worst you know and
defenders unfortunately just with the
with the cast they have and how they
shown their power set there's not a
whole lot you can do in and then of
course add on to that a a low budget you
know low TV budget this is kind of what
you get any time Daredevil and Jessica
or Jessica Jones was on camera I was
happy everyone seemed to have really
good rapport together like all the
actors all the characters played well
off of each other when they weren't
fighting so that was good there's some
good buddies
up
shooting everything was your idea
what the hell is this one target
chaingun crap well it's just his gun
that's how the game works
how these monsters work you'll get the
free action on every kill on these guys
oh no I think they might like the one
guy has a chain gun but he can only
target one person at a time you know
oh yeah it would be great if he could
like do a sweep just like sweeping
anyone in range it's a little bit of
damage I see I see what you guys are all
saying about stuff which is in the in
the moment now we'll talk about it when
he's on commission what's wrong
nothing's wrong something's wrong what's
wrong nothing's wrong what just finish
like what every time you throw a grenade
it attracts more i if I don't throw
they're gonna have to kill them they'll
be close enough I'm assuming a mailing
him from that will be strong enough to
kill me maybe in one turn I don't know
I am doing it but I'm not doing it
blindly I understand the risks right
you're making your way you're slowly
making your way downtown so I think I
think you're doing you know
do anything oh my god
you gotta move man cut it mom but if you
move you don't have any bullets I get it
ready to engage
he's gonna wish he had those grenades
later though don't tell me that yep
slowly making my way downtown walking
fast The Lost pass and I'm home long
ddd doo doo doo doo so close no I'm so
close the doom Slayer is on a different
mission right now the doom Slayer is not
with us the doom Slayer is hanging out
with with Troy currently
double-time
yeah it's only headshots that will get
you free actions that's what you're
hoping for here so sword won't help
oh just right there well set me it's
wrong I I have nothing for you it's just
run running won't work that's a lot of
them you think that's a lot of them even
if they're pretty weak there he could
probably take you Oh God
double I can't double move it the extra
it's too far right
I could gamble on what what the lost
range is I don't I don't really know
right
anonymous thanks for the tip hey I read
you yeah I know I know I probably have
enough ammo to take a lot of these guys
out but here's the thing
what's my what's my percentage to hit
her 989 that's not 100 you you miss one
of those shots and you don't get any
more free moves after that you know and
then you're a sitting fucking duck I
think the move here the idea the strat
yeah walk us through it it's just a run
I don't know what the why I have never
run across the loss before I have no
idea what their range is this could be a
horrible idea it could be or it could be
exactly what you need to do we don't
know the right strap may have been just
Duke it out all right let's see if this
paid off
what
apparently that counter does two moves
for them oh this is good that worked
then you can get everyone to the extract
point this is why I didn't do that
earlier by the way nope yep
and now you know and knowing is half the
battle absolutely rich took a a
strategic risk there nice
now brighter and the first team should
be waiting for you ahead oh nice job
rich thank you nice
oh and I was there a third part where
everyone comes together I don't know I'm
gonna say cutscene where the factions
decide whoa oh where I hate you you hate
me but we'll we'll work together I've
owned rage yes rich made it to the end
and everyone survived
I don't like you but what's to be done
Wario's Autocode say warrior honor to
fight warrior smash is the way even
though the combat glory even though you
fight me you fight with honor so I
respect your fight comes to atone for
his crimes I am free now taking off that
helmet does not change what you are
Reapers have long memories elder the way
I see it we have two options join forces
and kick the elders off our was everyone
else or kill each other here and so she
just escorted the nose
what no one has ever done before no one
shall ever do that again
my people face another like this
characters are so lame they really are
you know why XCOM is best with you know
nameless soldiers you made your own
stories it's one of those things where
you you grow your bond with your soldier
as you do missions with them they don't
need to tell you their backstory because
you remember that one time that one
soldier made a really awesome shot and
save the day
yeah yep I am with you rich we don't
need the aliens are more interesting as
just really unfathomable unfathomable
and mysterious and odd honor glory
oughta kill glory just Worf they just
wrote war this is Star Trek fan fiction
that sword check didn't some much
different the invisible sword check
mysterious stop say anything unknowable
aliens that was far more interesting no
one has done that before that was so
cool don't you think that was cool I
don't know what I'm shooting at
I don't know where it would be is this
I think the Strada just to over watch
this she's invisible all right she's in
you have like a bomb radius
we're green to go
yes BFF ability unlocked
it's not anyhow he's calling you
commander already to like I know you're
the commander but you know what she
looks kind of dumb
we should damage from explosions no okay
increased damage from the Reapers you
so what now defeat the chosen do not
allow max today do not allow drag
Guevara to die
that's your objectives rich does that
mean we'll just stay here and go on a
watch you have to defeat the chosen you
have to defeat those assassin lady so
audio I couldn't hear - okay hey badass
I am trusting you
the sonic dispersal waves emitting from
that pod are Criss crossing a massive
area meaning that thing just rang the
dinner bell for every remaining lost in
the city an accurate assessment the
entire lost biomass seems to be
converging on this position
oh my god why is this so long
oh my god I'm this is that you know with
this fur fur basically the point of this
mission is a big backstory dump right
yeah we met two new characters we met
two new villains and you learned the
basic game mechanics to deal with both
villains and the gameplay mechanics for
your new friends all in basically one
long mission yeah that's a whole lot of
information to dump on a player in one
show
their attorneys here
nine Firecat says this game looks like a
ripoff of mario rabbits but with the
Gears of War hula
that's my alley
I want to be done I want to be done it's
run I'm just I'm just I'm I'm mentally
exhausted it's the thing well I am
mentally exhausted right now we've been
streaming for a lot going on that was a
big information to him rich you got to
learn a lot of new tactics meet a lot of
new characters
tell rich to hold alt while trying to
move oh yeah this they added something
of this I forgot about it
you're holding on well I got I changed
the button target preview oh you'll see
if something if you'll have line of
sight after you move oh okay that's me
that's very neat yeah
yeah I'm I'm exhausted I am absolutely
exhausted rich this has been a long
mission initial analysis of these
creatures almost coordinated attack
strategy perhaps not the mindless
automatons they initially appear to be
an intriguing possibility
I go
that's a yeah Jhansi scarecrow says they
tried to shove all the new stuff into
one mission yeah kind of overdid it yeah
that's a lot to take in
that's and well and that's a lot to ask
of the player to learn how this
character works learn how this other
character works learn how this bad guy
works there and how this other bad guy
works all in one and here's a bunch of
story stuff and here's more story stuff
and here
watch I will go
three up and reload
we're not gonna waste my shots on these
guys waste a bullet
look let's chance the hit and if you hit
him with a normal shot
you have a higher chance to hit and you
get the free action yeah yeah that's
very my shot sends up a waste of mental
well it's a city blanket sitter oh we've
killed a few dozen I'd say about I don't
know four to ten million depending upon
what city we're talking about like
here's my question
counselor Troi have you ever been to a
city before just like maybe you haven't
a lot of people live there
return to your gods
this is aam be what God it's a fucking
zombie rich that's the next DLC is you
meet the zombie gun you meet the zombie
God and he tries to convert you oh you
dingus yeah alright guys my bad my bad
guys
nada 70 percent wimps
heading to that location
shotgun I'm actually gonna use overwatch
that because once it comes that the site
will be relatively low so it'll probably
a good show
sure sure
heading there now
Lulay me is that Jesus emot-- is the one
from SOS that's that thumbs up Jesus
that's smiling on the cross Jesus
the tour
I did not exist when this city yes
you're a proud warrior you're not an
honorable way to die prom-prom I'm a
proud I know I was your enemy once but
I'm proud of being a warrior and yes
Farscape they kind of retooled the show
but during the first season they
realized it didn't work okay Dargo
starts off just like that
yes warrior proud warrior on up or they
realized that was a dumb idea
yeah and then instead of being like the
hard-assed who kind of doesn't like John
nerdy John Crichton he kind of becomes
like drinking buddy friend oh great they
they completely rewrote his personality
and it just worked the game is dumb
there's no stereotypes let's not do this
you know and that's okay to do you can
do that isn't right every show
so I talked about my shirt this is um
it's like a little controller on my
shirt
is there even a way through here or is
just wasted
not get rich I want to say this is a
shirt that I got before backing a
Kickstarter I want to say it was called
Indy City it was it was a series of like
five or six my code micro documentaries
on game makers out of Chicago a lot of
the Chicagoland area and it was it was a
nice little documentary series and I
thought it was a cool shirt design a
little got a little controller on it and
so he goes legs jack they're here but uh
I like that Oh be doobie scooby-dooby
it's not retreating rich its honor
running
like I said I forget I forget what the
name of the documentary was called but
it was it was neat you know there were
these little stories of Chicago game
makers and t-shirt doom Slayer plus doom
gal equals knee deep in the bed you can
get it No
Oh first episode of do we need deep in
the dead it's a pussy it's a decent pun
okay and yeah that's fine fun need deep
in the bed yeah yeah that's fine that's
fine that's not gonna waste an ammo
after this mission Jack can you let rich
I am done after this read subscribers
while you reskin the Gatling dude his
look sucks he needs to you know who I
want I want to reskin the other lady I
want to see I want to see if I can make
moon girl this is exhausting
this is fucking I kind of hate the lost
I'm utterly exhausted well you can just
be done I need to get to the end of the
mission that's that's just what you do
yeah not gonna deal this fucking hoarder
for you Oh God
just run everyone's got a guy if I do
that do you think yeah it works for you
last time I'm not saying that that's the
smart option yeah but they'll be closer
to me over here they could probably get
to me in one of their turns possibly
yeah all right fuck it you doing it
fuck it see if it works
late master it's already a bad idea yeah
oh yeah these two guys it's not over ya
know rich is getting to the point of the
night where he's willing to listen to my
ideas and because I'm so mentally
exhausted exactly so you know rich is
done
he's just looking to die so he's like
Jack what would you do in this situation
your friends will join you soon
Oh
oh good I thought you were about to miss
a 99% chance shot happens and you can't
complain right three to four that's a
bigger risk
what's your bonus thing what's your
bonus thing on a 97% it happens yeah it
happens nice
fucking stop missing shit
they won't fight no more it is under my
watch
oh Claire oh that's not much damage
detecting additional lost converging
near the evacuation coordinates I'd
signed caution it would seem the lost
are on to our strategy it is the elders
will that this alliance fall yeah yeah
they hired a hack to do the writing it's
a fantastic superb well-made game
yeah with a hack during the dialogue
Jack I agree man I agree
doom it up
target down
all right
I must run
we designated coordinates
can I can mix in thanks for sticking
around
good night now I'm almost done this is
the last this is the last mission you're
here well you and you're here you made
it you're making it you haven't made it
yet but you're about to make it maybe
firebrands in position but the evac
zones even hotter than we thought
running out of time here people tell her
to hold as long as she can we will be
there right there
the gamer bendito yes you did just
arrived as we were getting rid of that
in the stream
yep sorry but thanks for coming out we
appreciate that fuck just just fuck
the zombies appear to be a an infected
humans from from alien radiation yep yep
the the original pods from XCOM enemy
within
have been left to spew radiation
oh I respect you
what she got she got Worf
we have to go save him the guy we just
met and hated forever before them study
the varying means of survival they each
employed all these years be done be done
rich you down I want to check out a
couple of things I wanna I want to see
if I can turn one of your characters
into moon girl she's a she's a comic
book character and she works with robots
and stuff when they don't have a chance
to help us locate our captive soldier if
we deploy on a covert action alongside
them thank you for sending additional
support staff to assist me commander I
will make sure they are put to good use
we may have chosen two different means
of resistance stop I give up cancel
cancel one do this you can do this
you're almost there Nate you're there oh
because I hit escape okay great all
right
where's your soldiers there we go
we've had our suspicions before now
we've never had the resources to
investigate the possibilities specialist
yeah yeah so what I was looking for when
we I was missing with
it's a fun game i bitch about dialogue
my gosh it's a fun game yeah in fact I
think it's better when they're not
trying to make their own characters out
of these soldiers let me do that my head
absolutely that's what it's all about
yeah
yeah yeah Bradford and kind of out which
game it is the engineer and the
scientists they give the board a light
you want their mouth don't care about
anyone else
fuck it well Matt in the councilman I'm
okay with him - yeah
we've got a special mission for a while
yeah my hippie glasses oh here we go
Vikram No
oh wait I can't change the color of my
Fit thick-rimmed glasses come on
get right out of town what's wrong can't
do the thick rim glasses well I can't
change the color of the glasses I wanted
to change the color of the glasses that
does that chicken let's go check next I
said I'm gonna check next rich it's
gonna go over to you aren't you going to
read names it sits on the same computer
or as XCOM so it's it's not gonna work
out so well I'm just gonna goof around
just for one second I just want to check
the workshop to see if they have
something just for me it's not even
anything I'm gonna I'm gonna he's right
man I just want to see if they have
something
Iron Man Mudds oh look he can I
spider-man yeah dead Oh Deadpool funny
yeah what anything ever glasses no
probably nothing just for now Ira Glass
voice pack Dosher glasses there's a - I
don't know I don't know Adam Jensen
glasses they they have some glasses yeah
yeah of course they do that's great
all right great uh hey let's finish
reading names we start at the top
there's way put a write up where we need
to be great let's uh oh wait hold on
anonymous says did you guys ever play
Borderlands 2 I think he would've loved
the game co-op fun exploration and
bosses you could play up to four man
with silly dialogue not bladed I played
a little bit of the first one and I
thought it was a fun the shooter a
really fun shooter but it got upgrading
the guns got really tedious for me yeah
because you know all enemies drop guns
all the time and so then you just stop
and you just do math oh this guns has a
two-digit number and it just it's
constant math like I yeah here's the gun
yeah I'm a guy kind of like this kind
but that gun has a larger number so I
like that gun better so I never got
around to to because you know one was
like a Latin flex in ski says rich have
you ever had a superhero movie that you
thought was superior to the source
material I showed my mom guardians to
and she loved it she wanted to watch a
maximum hold your overdrive is it any
good Maximum Overdrive it's been so long
since I've fuckin seen it I don't
remember no remember every member of
Iraqi fun but I was much much younger
when I saw that comic movie better than
source material Iron Man ooh nice nice
one rich nice one
all right now that says now it's the
time the show in which we thank all the
people who subscribe to us during the
stream much like nice 7v G shots for 36
motherfucking months in a row whoa thank
you shots - shots
she shot since three whole years I
finally made it
but why anyway thanks for all the
entertainment Jack and rich and now the
important question when does Jay top
Twin Peaks whenever he wants to whenever
he wants to it's true man is an open
invitation it's true invitation
indentation an invitation invitation I
like invitation better I said you just
made it was only an invitation like the
first person who ever sent out an invent
and invitation and they made up the idea
of an invitation that was the only
invitation ironically he was inviting
people to his party to celebrate his
invention of the invitation Stryker one
one to one for 28 fucking months in a
row since thank you
for being a friend traveled down the
road and back again your heart is true
you're a pal and a confidant all right
Kalibak so hey guys it's Gil back again
I got a Nintendo switch and Mario XCOM
because of you guys even though I don't
play those games Cheers
I hope you're enjoying I do you know
also maybe buy a game that you will play
Saba sonic Bell says any commentary
tracks featuring Jack in the works no no
no there's no commentary tracks in
general in the works right now so yeah
and waffle tail for 25 fucking months in
a row dr. Seberg sensitive joss whedon -
manda pandemonium who says for months
heck yes also as a darkly inclined
person who loves Halloween I will just
be displaying even more decoration in
protests of Jack's anti Halloween
rhetoric and dressing and even more
black until I look like a black hole
love you guys first of all who's your
anti Halloween rhetoric my anti
Halloween rhetoric is that I love
Halloween it is by far my favorite
holiday I decorate my house I dress up
for Halloween I don't think people
should decorate their houses until
October oh okay okay there was no there
was literally no anti Halloween rhetoric
I just don't think people should do
anything until October 1st you just want
to keep the Christ in Halloween I do
first of all yes I want to keep the ween
in Halloween and I want you to push the
little daisies and make them come up I
worry that by by starting decorating
earlier and earlier what debt were
diluting
my wonderful holiday no passerby I get
to say slothy bromo jealous
Geoff five three three three or 5333
either one machine gun funk for 17
months in a row sir Danforth Sol come
blur church says can you give me a topic
for a three minutes special occasion
speech that is due tomorrow looks like
for a class well why not do Y on the the
pros and cons of decorating your house
in September when Halloween is in
October
Oscar acceptance speech this is like for
like a class something yeah
Oscar acceptance speech and then you
know what you can cut yourself off early
because you can pretend they're dragging
you off the stage just bring like a
little tape recorder that plays like a
music from whatever movie it is you
supposedly made and then just the middle
of your speech just hit play and then
keep going for a bit and then act like
you have to hurry I know I know I know
I know there's so many more people just
that bit alone it'll it'll go over like
gangbusters trust me bring in the tape
recorder and just hit the music every
way through it it'll go really
gangbusters for the class for the
teacher oh you can you can even win her
over but how clever it is sure oh that
was clever you'll get the points anyway
I like that it'll work trust me
what's the tape recorder any audio
record advice bitches nice EEMA says I
can't catch the streams often due to
time zone differences with France but
they're always a pleasure thanks for the
entertainment
enjoy the free money from Amazon we will
everyone's good you know well the tape
recorder and they're completely ignoring
how fucking clever the idea is
you did say tape-record do ask for your
soul off with music which is like the
Oscars that's the stereotype they cut
people off is it going to long it's a
great idea was basically you had this
box full of great ideas but then you
tripped and stumbled over the over a
tape recorder you stumbled on the new
tripped and stumbled over a tape
recorder you don't ignore the ad under
it for crying out loud
gold it's gold throwing you people gold
myself on the back number for 14 months
in a row
Diglett dead dude and G shaken 1224 31
fucking months in a row dare Cloyd the
AC Rupert Rupert's dog-boy wickless 435
fucking months in a row
Master poo 999 says your stream has
taught me something new about X come to
I don't know you I didn't know you could
expand the tabs to see more detail you
hack frauds are useful after all
yoshua so CA peeps 13 baby Slayer 156
435 fucking months in a row says been
recommending rlm to some of my friends
they said oh like screen junkies I said
they don't stoop to that level of shit
they are quality hack frauds thanks for
not being like the normal YouTube shit
you know
you know just discovered rlm recently
and it's slightly weird who's that my
brother Oh
just recently just recently and he's a
son of me messages on Facebook about
like you know what I like that
that's good it's really bizarre well
let's see now he's being supported I'm
sure sure which is bizarre I think he's
watching all the shit we did like years
ago now I'm sure that he's just going
through it right what's it with these
monkey man shorts they're great the
great man
what happened to your finger is it okay
why don't you tell me why didn't you
tell me man I haven't watched the next
episode yet but hmm
I think he watched the one after at
first he didn't see the setup okay he
just saw the episode where quietly my
finger was bandaged up and pulled it
down
that's great Jay kid oh aids for twenty
four fucking months in a row
Jay kid says has it really been two
years keep up the great work you hack
frauds uh was we're trying to read so I
was looking at the chat for saying
chicken misters stubby MIT is there
entity mister stubby that's that right
you did it tying 357 Joe snow Polly
clown have you guys done an all roof
XCOM stream yet know all roof all the
time until says hi hello booty smack
Iraq for twelve months in a row bore
nice Mac Iraq says it's my subscriptions
birthday thanks really yours
entertainment you guys are the tits all
right by my head booty smack react
sounded like they came from the U P like
someone who'd be up North Fargo a little
fire go little Minnesota like that
classic Midwestern accent and they ended
it with you guys are the tits and it
seemed to make a lot of sense to all you
guys your two tits
that's all they work Jack it's a I feel
pretty good about that David I know
people's hey guys my anniversary reset
but oh well what are you guys playing
injustice one thanks for the pancakes
oh yeah summer Belle Megaton 14 says hey
lmao that meant equi TLAs says anti cute
abominable scotsman that's a good name
it says everything if you played Advance
Wars looking forward to war grooving the
switch what looks like a similar
turn-based strategy picked up Mario +
rabbits after watching your stream
thanks you're welcome you're welcome
you're played Vance I'm not familiar
with advanced boys you're not at you've
never been a hand that really it's it's
like this turn-based ethical gray a
gameboy advance yes ah let's see here
the game panda grim it looks like grim
the grim panda sure that sounds like a
thing hmm fly attractor that says five
months of subbing still nothing clever
to say there's cleaver said cleaver
still looking no nothing cleaver to say
I thought that you capitalized it for a
reason I don't know why maybe just now
I'm gonna misspelled aware I'm gonna I
know he's gonna say clever but it's not
like I'm a clue it'll be capitalized I'd
like to cut to the chase but I've got
nothing cleaver to say
