Blade Ruiner
October 8, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eN6QnFWiNYc

my nemesis now you're now you're now
you're just fucking up you just fucking
with me now for sure it's like I was
like maybe percent sure earlier with the
Knights of the Old Republic now I'm know
I'm 100% sure hey rich
did you know ps4 is doing a remake of
Final Fantasy 7 comes out next year
x3 okay snowfall and animal kingdom are
two new TV series I like snowfall was
awesome alright not familiar with any of
those TV shows I don't know what an x3
is and I've no interest in a Final
Fantasy rebate I don't know great don't
know get out of golf store I do want to
check how many hours I have in golf
story doctor do an upside for me the
professional studio setting is what
separates your reviews from the 98% of
other YouTube reviews it brings in a
different dynamic and provides more
rewatch ability I hope it stays in some
way I've seen that point a couple times
in the cluster of genuinely hateful and
unhelpful comments I've seen that I have
you know you try to filter out like what
could be positive criticism just like
you know yeah help constructive
criticism hate versus constructive
criticism exactly and I get you know to
me
and you know this is something that we
dealt with here on the stream or it's
like seeing our faces does seem to help
people connect a little bit more whether
or not that's worth it in the long run
as far as actual like just production
time is concerned and you know whether
or not we figure out a new set we're
gonna experiment with this and see how
it turns out I think is the answer
absolutely
okay let's see here play activity golf
story thank you where does it tell you
how long you've played it tell you in
here see you like finding Isaac thirty
five hours but it says golf start first
played ten days ago but it doesn't give
me the hours but if for the other ones
that gives me hours I'm sorry
why doesn't give me hours in the Gulf
story I'm sorry that's weird right
Kim mixing 120 says yep in the cup head
review yeah you mentioned that a cup
head is like contra is this a good thing
or bad thing and why also when can you
reuse tried-and-true game mechanics and
when can't you thanks guys well we never
said you can like I don't recall ever
saying cup head was bad because it was
like contra there's more you're saying
than the mine that it was like contra
yeah I've never been a huge country guy
to me I would describe it more as like
Mega Man mixed with a bullet hell
that'd be how I would describe cup had
it come true well and like the the it's
like contra that's also a conceal a just
because contra is a nice short word it
is it's very much like contra that is
not necessarily a negative thing and I
think that's where a lot of people's
hate comes from is we got it's just like
contra it's just like contra they go oh
well then they must hate it well it's
like contra is a classic game there's no
hate there that part of the crew that
criticism just says like the gameplay
aspects to Cup head is nothing new that
is neither good nor bad yeah it's
nothing new and so when you criticize
this gameplay there's not a whole lot to
talk about
but if I were going to criticize and
like I said I still like the game
overall yeah the the the base of fact
that it's it's essentially just a boss
rush mode yeah it makes it feel half
done it feels like something's missing
with cuphead okay
it does yeah I I really enjoy I was
really expecting more of a Megaman
levels that lead to bosses and having
the platforming take more of a front
seat really then you know I was
expecting kind of like guacamelee you
know that was expecting something like
that we're platforming to a bigger role
but that's that being said like you know
as far as like the original question
it's like comparing it to Megaman good
bad otherwise that's just because
everyone got their panties all up their
buttholes about this game mm-hmm just
about the art and rich and I have always
been more of a game play centered like
you especially me especially you
especially switch out okay switch out
the cartoony style art for just like
gorgeous graph 3d graphics right and
everyone's just talking about how good
the game looks versus its gameplay it's
the same thing and so that's that's why
I feel like we had a harsher tone
because like gameplay why is that it's
fine it's perfectly acceptable but
everyone got got everything up the butts
oh shit I hit playing I didn't want to
hit play in I didn't want to hit no I
didn't want to hit play in the Tex Tex
Avery versus Max Fleischer Fleischer Max
Fleischer yeah all right I get it I get
it I reference the wrong specific
animator they were aping please please
could go on to dismiss everything I said
because of that right but also it does
have a Tex Avery style to it like that's
not incorrect
I just meant zanier as compared to like
Chuck Jones or something more modern
no we're cartoons are somewhat grounded
in some kind of reality that has rules
unlike back in the Golden Age we're
literally anything good fucking happen
at a cartoon and no one gave a shit
right right all I met what's happening
oh oh there we go okay can I say I don't
like those Fleischer cartoons that much
that kind of wacky Steamboat Willie
Erez style you can say that where's this
going just plugging into a thing uh you
know I'm just not that familiar with
them I guess to make any sort of comment
so that's where I am on
like when it comes to classic cartoons
and me Chuck Jones is the man he's the
man that's what most of us grew up on
absolutely let's see what oh can you
change it in chatty for me I changed it
incoming arty-farty kinda looks like it
into Crum looks a little arty-farty
we'll see what happens
no oh that's a good that's a good title
Moki blade ruiner two points for title
you want that done yeah I think that's
funny
what's opera doc is a masterpiece yes it
is yes it is
absolutely fun fun fact yeah
they skim some money away from the wily
coyote cartoons to do that oh yeah they
like this said they were spending more
on the wily coyote cartoons then they
were so they could have flayed the
budget of what's opera doc yeah because
more than what it actually says it was
was the wily coyote cartoons like the
more popular ones at the time it's just
I think what's opera doc would have been
like expensive to do so they said they
said what's opera doc cost a little bit
less than it there's Wiley coyote
cartoons ya know we're spending all that
money on those yeah they work so
interesting easy normal hard core or you
know easy normal hard hard core right
hard said that is what the developers
recommended I went normal yeah
I did like it how it said like this is
what the developers are recommending
though I would say that if that's what
you're recommending that to people
they're planning for idiots can I say
that's a that's a 3d character design
that you can and you would be correct to
say I really like the character design
so far you can say that and and you
would be correct in saying that yeah
there wasn't some kind of book I was
reading about animation greatest got
tuned of made that was I was like their
number one pick
interesting
you are in heaven you are here to kill
the boss they know you're here do what I
say if you want to live now let's test
out these controls
I updated chatty
it should say we're playing you want to
know it's been updated
rabbit and he prefer whether Percival
awesome other one of the Chuck Jones
classic season duck season trilogy sure
all my favorite Warner Brothers fictions
at all
right and you were ripping apart Chuck
Jones you really just said he made too
much sense yes which I thought was the
funniest line something something I
didn't realize why so I think it was uh
every frames of thinking about Chuck
Jones okay is is that what set him apart
was actually subtlety he didn't do the
outrageous blue cool their head would
come off and spin right it was a subtle
expression change like the job would and
everything else be you know the same but
just sure subtlety is what made Chuck
Jones Chuck Jones sure III change the
volume tell me business this is a better
volume
Oh actually you know what xsplit is
really good with perceived volume the
only problem with Percy involved is we
complete changed it in the other one and
now we now we're in this scene okay tell
me if this volume is better this current
volume is better still too loud
okay how's this volume how's this volume
Karen is good better did they just start
is this
vol good ok great xsplit like I said
does a really cool thing where every
scene can have its own unique volume
which is really great unfortunately we
fixed our volume for the other scene and
not in this one but now we're good now
we're good everything's good great
and talk to you stay back okay oh sorry
kill boss okay I got a - now what's the
- - with left button
bob says actually soap boxer versus jack
yeah thanks for recommending American
vandals
yeah finished it last night and it was
great I love you guys that's providing
sheets entertainment through all two
years you're welcome
oh man I'm very American fan dollars if
you are a fan of true crime
documentaries get your get your eyes on
American vandal a a wonderful take a
wonderful little parody or satire I
forget which is which because we went
through that last right there there's a
parody and there's a satire and whatever
it is it's a comedic take on the on the
true crime documentary American of
n'doul madam says who dressing up for
Halloween streamed this year yeah
Richard go is a minor league fan rich
you skipped your guaranteed annual
stream last year because of woman but
thanksgiving day stream is back right I
don't never recall saying these things
were guaranteed it was just something
you did
and nonnamous you can just go fuck
yourself I'm not even reading it just go
fuck yourself it's there our spooky
games plan for this month lane all this
bloody corpses spooky kill boss spooky
do I like meatloaf I have nothing
against meatloaf the singer there that's
that was gonna be my question we're
talking
we talking singer or food I'm okay with
both these singer and the food so this
is not a taster
so far so far I have a crowbar or a pipe
or something that I'm hitting people
with I assume I get a gun at some point
things they charge exciting
turn
all right I'm not digging the control
right now like hit is bumper and Dash's
bumper and I don't like bumpers being
made can you remap probably but I'm
still like you know I haven't learned
all the things yet yeah you might get a
gun and that's trigger right
sucking it up
what health check huh no one health oh I
have different abilities
hey what
I can't use different abilities when I
spoke
feridem 2772 last tip I got from you was
quite a while ago I was like you're the
start of the stream
I represent another one since its when
you were talking about but I I read the
one about the Advent troupe in XCOM 2
and another tip I have not
oh I feel like I have seen this game a
dozen times with different styles you
didn't say that about cuphead did you
great that was a great bike drop right
there mmm delicious I renamed hardcore
twin-stick shooters haven't we seen
enough sure the art style is very
striking motherfucker
you motherfuckers I'm Lee enough this
game is vaguely similar to come divers
by the way yes
okay we're going to check out Friday
13th that's right probably but
preferably not on Friday because we're
not all gonna be here madam says destiny
- sucks
oh I hate this this does not feel good
why what it's not feeling good I don't
know
the gameplay does not feel good like I I
don't I don't get it yet you can't be
specific not at the moment but I mean
like it might have something to do with
twin-stick controls on an isometric game
or it just doesn't quite feel right but
I don't know yeah I haven't got there
yet but I don't like it so far
okay okay then mosey - set - waypoints
can you pause while you're doing this
because I don't see how that's gonna do
you much good and combat
what would probably be better if you use
mouse and keyboard any twin-stick
usually feels pretty darn good with the
controller my friend could this be a
most game yes it could be contra mundis
even if even though you were too late to
vote it would not have made a difference
the vote was pretty clearly in favor of
ruiner oh yeah it was a runaway
it looks like hyper light drifter which
had great controls it did I can't I
can't speak from experience I have not
played this yeah I do like the hyper
light drifter yeah it's very possible
that this is just supposed to be a mouse
and keyboard but light like I said
usually at least any twin-stick shooter
is better with a with a controller and I
Nestor I still to get used to it
this is basically top down superhot if
you have time slow down powers that you
could just completely abuse so far no
that's hen slowed down for a second
thing it did but I had no control over
when times one doesn't I don't know it
could be it a quick down what I'm saying
is I did it I did it okay so it's the
left bumper okay so time slows down and
that's how you can do like the
okay okay I'm still not feeling it yet
but you know
which do you like the driving service I
don't hate them like I'm really racing
but as far as driving games I love me
some Grand Theft Auto driving and that's
pretty damn fun but I don't really play
much like like for me the one racing
like that not that I hate those type of
games usually not my first choice
the blue prism says have you guys ever
played cuphead Mario Raving Rabbids pub
G Friday the 13th
vanquish strafe Bayonetta breath of the
wild horizon zero dawn neo the Last
Guardian dishonor to or XCOM no we you
know what we've there's a lot of games
out there and there's a lot we need to
catch up on
anonymous size which I dedicated but his
two sons ps3 had a great online tactical
game SOCOM third person to team rounds
with different missions and real bullet
damage heavy tactics and coordination no
real pointing us okay not I've never
played it probably honestly I'm probably
not going to a ps2 game yeah having some
great games on the ps2 but we live in
this modern era of steam where I've got
them they'll just fall out of my ass wow
there's so many fucking hands I need to
play I'm probably never gonna play it
Feridun 2772 six cup head and Blade
Runner
20:49 seem to be catching the same
criticisms looks beautiful but is born
as someone who loved Blade Runner I can
say that as an okay thing to say as
they're definitely not for everyone
right I don't care what comes even
boring it's just standard I'm not is
that amazing they're okay boss but from
a pure gameplay standpoint ignoring all
art it is a perfectly acceptable game I
would I personally would say it is a
very good game yeah the controls are
tight the way the bosses Telegraph their
attacks makes you feel like you're in
control it's all up to you and your
reflexes how good you do in that game
right that's it I haven't felt any urge
to go back to it because we did the
review video right so i because it's
nothing new or special or unique and
sometimes you need that in the game your
gameplay - to justify you play
I suck I don't feel like I have a good
handle on this yet
yeah hey I'm getting there right
I played a little bit of true to legend
another night just cuz it felt like it
we don't watch brutal legend just a
little bit all right little bad taste
for can I have that urge to play cuphead
I chose to play a decade old game
instead
use your energy shield Jack I'm figuring
it out I like my - I'll say what I'm
sure my - isn't like the best thing -
you don't like it I'm figuring it out
it's gonna take me a little bit you know
I have taking a little bit to fit to
figure out the plot I think it said
something about trying the drip - you
guys maybe tried that how is blue legend
elevated by just the use of music and
likable characters dashing through them
didn't seem to do anything
overall I like brutal legend it doesn't
feel finished it feels like it's missing
a third act
yet I'm fond of it so
trying to dance through people
to do anything
I wish brutal edgy stayed an action game
the weird real-time strategy elements
just didn't work in my opinion well
that's that's the weird thing about Ruta
legend if they went all-in on one of
these things maybe it would have been
better received I don't know there's the
makings of a great hack and slash in
brutal legend
now says Jack how's the diet going I was
open to 21 you started
now I'm 205 nice thanks for the
inspiration
thanks going well I meant I'm at 195 as
of Saturday morning as you guys know my
way my diet works Saturday is my cheat
day so obviously now I'm up more because
I spent all Saturday eating garbage and
drinking beer so but I was at 195 which
so far this diet is concerned is my
lowest point so total is 12 pounds lost
still rocking you know just losing a
pound or two every week which i think is
normal and on track to meet my goal
which is very nice but you know one day
at a time you can fly attract wishes to
Jack ever plays the zombie mode on pub G
so it's fuckin zombie mode now no I
deleted it but is there a zombie mode
knows at an actual thing
that could be a new thing
yes when you're blonde you'd become a
zombie oh that could be fun you get to
control the zombie then you walk around
and just try to find out the flavor food
it's a mess up you can headshot and be
gone for good how does that work
doesn't seem like a zombie would last
long no but it gives you something else
to do other than just dying and starting
a new game
time 14 seconds left to do whatever it
was
we're gaining time skills
I think I'm understanding it more now
kill kill kill
robot are you being mind-controlled
what's going on I'm just curious I look
cool definitely missing the smash TV
personality Oh Super Smash TV why does
time slowed down sometimes when you
teleport if you if you hold down the
teleport button you can chain up to
three teleports so time slows down so
you can place your show so it's just
when you teleport yeah just when you hit
the left bumper which is your teleport
button but if you just like you have to
teleport when you do it can you just
slow down time and shoot you have to
teleport okay but if you just smack it
then you just teleport of which I find I
which I like more are you okay look
around
someone hacked your damn brain this is a
setup they sent you to assassinate the
boss of heaven I'm sure there's some
metaphors here that I'm missing rich
okay okay what do they need the brother
as a hostage if they've hacked your
brain nothing else can't they just hack
your brain you would think maybe they're
really bad hackers like shit this might
faceless kidnap his brother but then if
you're gonna kidnap his brother why hack
his brain in the first place it's it's
it seems like they're being redundant
just the sky you notice my wife and I
actually had a chance to sit down and
watch a movie the other night and made
the great decision to stream the big
sick yeah have you guys seen it
rom-com done right super cute and funny
heard of it Karen wants to see it but
I've not seen it with Karen we got it's
a great date movie it's I think well
more like the girlfriends in a coma yep
that's one and I think it's great I
highly recommend it
Kumail Nanjiani based off of his
real-life situation and and yeah it's
beautiful it's beautiful full of dark
humor him and Ray Romano and Holly
hunters in it and all about he meets a
girl and early on in their relationship
she gets put into a medically induced
coma and then he has to deal with her
family who's who he's never met and his
family who doesn't know that he's dating
a white woman all while she's in a coma
and so it's like a relationship drama
where half of the relationship can't are
there flashbacks no no no flashback like
we you know we see their relationship
growing like the movie starts at the
beginning of their relationship okay
okay but then like you know imagine like
having to deal with all of this personal
stuff about your girlfriend but your
girlfriend can't help you right right so
and you know it's early on in the
relationship how much does this person
mean to you who you know it's it's
really neat it's a really neat movie
that's his real girlfriend no it isn't
and he's married the the act the actress
in the movie is not his real girlfriend
yeah it's BAE's the story is true yes
it's based off of a real story that he
went through at the time but the actress
is not his girlfriend why is she in a
medically induced coma there was there
there was like some sort of infection
and the infection kept on spreading and
so too
slow it from spreading they had to put
her in a medically induced coma okay and
then you know so there the doctors are
trying to figure out what's wrong with
her it's adding a ton of pressure to him
right and and her parents and you know
he's never met her parents and oh it's
it's it's gorgeous
it's a gorgeous movie and it's full of
that like dark humor where sometimes
you're laughing only because the world
is falling around falling apart around
him and you just need something to laugh
at it's great she had a weird disease
that was featured on house I'm sure
someone else is saying lol @ on house
you know you know one house I'm sure
there were exaggerations here and there
but they used real diseases I'm sure
yeah like they they get you know that
they have a polished him Upton made him
all fancy Fame
Karen's favorite thing to do was to
watch house try and diagnose the problem
before house could and she was right a
lot of the time yeah you know like well
there was that one that one that one
that was actually like a really famous
headline with it was the oh the single
fathers kids were getting sick because
he was and you know no one could figure
out why the kids were sick and they kept
going through the house and like going
through like just to figure out what was
making him so sick and as it turns out
the father was taking some hormones in
order to help his sex life out but no
one knew that he was having sex life
because he was a single father and like
just by hugging his kids like his
hormones would like to rub off on them
and it affected them in a weird ways
like but yeah real life stories okay
okay I love house very formulaic but I
love it
oh sure this one of one of two things
you need to do with a movie or a TV show
or any kind of fiction you need to have
a a likeable protagonist who you want to
see succeed because they're they're
likeable or identifiable or an
interesting protagonist who isn't
necessarily likeable but they're
interesting sure yeah I need one of
these two things before I can get
invested agreed
so why I did not like the the premiere
of Star Trek discovery it's like like a
house is is basically the same story
every week like yeah no yeah and it is
it's very interesting and house is not
very likeable but it keeps you engaged
right and then you got a like a TV show
like psych did you ever watch the site
now I love that show not very
interesting same stuff every week yeah
not terribly interesting but damn it if
those characters weren't too lovable
most lovable motherfuckers you'd ever
run across I watched every single
episode of Psych and they're making a
psych movie I'm very excited about but
uh you knew what was going to happen
every week them but the characters were
so exciting look champ the first two
episodes of Star Trek Discovery look
like they're going to I haven't seen
anything past them the opener oh yeah
not on Sunday okay I haven't ever done
that yet so for all I know there are
good characters we hadn't met yet
because we haven't see I haven't seen
the real pilot I've seen the preamble to
a show that is likely not going to
resemble the actual show I was so dumb
all right um nama says you guys getting
in some classic Zombies Ate My Neighbors
for October because you should 111
characters left um gonna play the
fractured but whole no alright if you
run out of characters you don't have to
use them all that's true you can just
stop what you make your point
how do you like your steaks
well rare motherfucking rare
Bojack horseman is an asshole but he's a
compelling main character is likable or
interesting I think one of these
likeable they're interesting and every
once in a while you get magic where
they're both I'm talking about Colombo
most yo Peter Falk is both an
interesting and likable character a
likable character in interesting
situations yeah likable asshole or
interesting no likable or interesting
interesting can be an asshole but the
important part is interesting Michael
Byrne uh in Star Trek discovery is just
an asshole but she is not interesting
yet maybe that sounds like it'll be
helpful that's good wait now
what a bet this one ability why is
ability locked since you guys played
Friday the 13th how about playing
splatterhouse later this month it even
has a guy in a potato head mask with
chainsaw arms do it I did it okay I did
it
talk to rest him at the postdoc okay
candy for crows as hi guys hope all is
well I rich I recently saw the road 1
commentary and thought it was hilarious
also I wanted to recommend to beat cop
they picks our game which could show the
return of sunny thoughts hi baby
however hearing about beat cop and then
I didn't hear much else inside you know
I wasn't digging police quest 3 we kind
of gave up on that we did I think I
think I think we got to go to the Space
Quest - this is not gonna be that much
dialogue in that though that's gonna be
more on the puzzling end of things I'm
okay with that yeah
which one is divorced star trek
discovery is like star trek knits Game
of Thrones what's not to like
Star Trek is more than a setting can't
throw in some things that they don't
even look like Klingons you call them
Klingons there it's Star Trek
thematically Star Trek is a thing sure I
like that I like that what you're
talking about is really Game of Thrones
with Star Trek paint on it and as a Star
Trek fan but I haven't seen episodes
three and four yet so I'm done I'm done
veldt ample this is Jack you take back
the accusation that psych isn't
interesting as a doctor and a Shana
stats show interesting as fuck
okay so the for anyone who doesn't know
the premise of psych is that Shawn
Spencer pretends to be psychic in order
to get a job helping out his local
police department and he is not psychic
he is just very observant and a good
detective
really really and so like his father was
a cop and he's he's hyper observant and
he's a good he's like a just a good
detective
he has no superpowers and so he pretends
to be psychic guy I got that you said
suck I'm sinking of bones that show oh I
was thinking of an entirely different
show no but I think bones is interesting
okay that's another procedural but yeah
like it is what it is I like bones I'm
okay with bones no so it's like so it's
psych is like it's this so it's this
buddy cop comedy with with Shawn and Gus
having their psychic detective agency
right yeah what I mean by not
interesting no there's no defendant it's
not interesting it's a good show but
it's not going to challenge you mentally
it's it's a lovely show filled with
glorious characters and you're along for
the ride but it's not going to challenge
you mentally it's not gonna make you
think about something but it's a great
show that I love so that I guess that's
what I mean by not very interesting okay
I'm trying to think of another example
of a show that you just you just watch
because it's it's fun not challenging
Seinfeld I mean sure sure like you
wouldn't call Seinfeld an interesting
show right funny sure it's a very funny
show that's something you'd necessarily
call interesting but now that I said
like but you know I like friends dear
friends is it in case friends is not
interest friends is not interesting at
all but I like friends I'm okay with
friends I get like this is the thing is
a psyche is not going to challenge you
it is a great show that I enjoy watching
all of but it's not going to challenge
you okay I gotta go to the parking
garage
the girls berries the parking garage
doctor zero
the grim Panda says I finally watched a
movie that J highly recommended oh the
Black Codes daughter what a pile of crap
have you gotten conned into watching
something good like that
also STD is a garbage fire no one saw
that no one saw that coming don't care
don't care you've been conned into
watching anything that was utter shit
conned
they said conned I'd say Blade Runner
but nobody conned me into it well they
conned him by saying like oh it's a
classic you have two wives a classic
well I'm an old I'm an old man I was
child when that came out sure I'm trying
to I'm trying to think of something that
like everyone said was the best and I
watched it and I didn't much care for it
I'm sure there's something right
okay
which at saying Farscape for you I still
don't feel necessarily
can do that
how about this away
wasn't there another hyper observant
detective show that the detective was a
Canadian Mountie you what was that was
that shows I don't think it was a
procedural but there was like a cop show
it was like a buddy cop I was like just
a Chicago police detective and a Mountie
what was that called what was that call
Northern Exposure no no no that exposure
was the one with the doctor who goes to
Alaska that's right though due south due
south a running gag on psych is they Gus
and Shawn loved the show of the
Mentalist
do you remember the mental no the
Mentalist is another show in which
someone is hyper observant and pretends
to be a psychic that started airing like
three years after psych okay but it's
the exact same premise and so then psych
decided that their characters loved The
Mentalist and they bring it up all the
time which is why psych is the greatest
show ever that's that's kind of blatant
but they working off the premise like
that oh yeah yeah it's it was it was
crazy played female body
Farscape is Jax what was yours rich I
don't really have something for you
upside my head I'm sorry
you should be look I don't like so many
things
hahaha it's hard to keep track of which
of these things people have told me I
would like Bladerunner maybe nobody told
me I needed to watch Blade Runner though
there was one on my own I wanted to try
and watch and I didn't like it and then
some years later I tried to watch it
again I think and well a bit older now
yeah well governor I know I didn't like
it and then they get like a few years
after that number of years aired I like
well maybe now I'm ready and they fed
that the eighth director's cut has come
out maybe that's fixed they all of the
issue nope not for me but there was no
one that told me you're gonna love blade
though that never happened my trying and
failing to like Blade Runner is all on
me well like you know weren't you conned
in the sense of like just everyone told
you no cuz it wasn't that wasn't the
height that everyone told me nobody told
me there was no everyone told me wait I
can't like
sorry go ahead you know when you're in
high school and nobody gives a shit
about Blade Runner and I try to watch it
there's nobody conning me into watching
it it's like I'll give this a shot no I
don't like it
maybe in one of the cutscenes that I
skipped until me like a cowboy
dr. chug but mud and the Chad is saying
a fellow psych fan did you hear the sad
news about Timothy Omundson lassie and
why he won't be in the movie
oh yeah what happened he'd have cancer
or something oh no no he has like
muscular dystrophy or something and like
he just can't like it and you know he
was he was an actor in all the seasons
and now he like just can't stand up or
something yeah and she's like major
character what one of the like not the
two leads but we know someone who's in
it yeah so absolutely
and yeah so it has you know I don't know
generative disease or you know yeah he
has a medical condition to where he
cannot participate few people saw him
stroke that oh I'm sorry you know it's
it's tough to hear cuz yeah he would he
was a fun part of the show and hopefully
they'll find some way to include him
I can't teleport for some reason it's
very upsetting to me I can play a
character who has had a stroke it's
character could have had a stroke I know
but and though the character who's
pretending a psychic can pretend to be
reading his mind to say what he's
thinking if you want to get if you want
to get dark Oh
the sad part is he probably doesn't want
to be on camera right right
that is so evil rich not not if
everybody involved is consenting yeah
that's just dark humor that could be a
way to do it
shit whoops did you ever watch Walker
Texas Ranger no but my dad fucking loved
it oh yeah oh he loved Texas Ranger
Oh Munson actually will be in the film
they just rewrote the script for hammy
it wasn't a big stroke apparently oh
good that's great news that is fantastic
apparently when choosing skill points I
needed to reach choose teleport that's
not one of my base abilities a teleport
I assume can you explain what about
American Beauty hasn't aged well aside
from the gay stuff lol did you say
American Beauty has not aged well I have
not said this either people just sue we
send things we've never said Jack that's
weird I mean I'm trying to even think of
an argument for why my beauty wouldn't
pay it might be in in the age of cell
phone cameras it might be tough for
people to watch him with like a VHS
recorder did you know we both did not
recommend Metal Gear Solid 5 also here's
another thing rich we hated cuphead all
aspects from half in the bag I was on
like one episode of half of the bag and
we didn't talk about American be well
rlm is a hive mind if Mike and Jaso in
the bag that's what it is also
attributable to us for some reason I
think American beauties a fine movie a
little I'll put it in the category of
schmaltz but I add me being a fan of
schmaltz I'm gonna be okay with it
no one I think even the gay stuff in the
movie still works well to this day
it's a great character moment but so
yeah I don't know where you got that in
your brain that we said that but we've
rich do you have any controversial
thoughts on American Beauty apparently
was the champ talking amongst themselves
okay all right
hope Alex in the eye sighs I'm curious
instantly lots of the Star Wars special
editions at the time they came out I've
time to come out it was just nice to be
able to see them on the big screen again
and I viewed the added special effects
I just meet little extras I didn't know
they're gonna do the whole Greedo shot
first thing but I'm okay with them I
don't I didn't end time I didn't think
they were just going to flat-out replace
the original versions
ha ha ha shape change major things but
hey good snip fire at the big screen
yeah that was nice yeah
which at what point have someone did you
say uh-oh
this is awful rumble time qui-gon met
baby Anakin
that's when you knew it was going to be
awful well though well jar drivers
before that food but it was here
redeemable once you get to the extended
warranty consents handling with a side
character who you knew was going to die
and an annoying kid version of a
different character
that Jar Jar was annoying but it was
irredeemable once you get the Tatooine
right Obi Wan's hanging out the ship and
we don't see Indiana Mike he's he's
gonna spend the next two movies with why
is he on the ship doing nothing why is
this man who is clearly going to die the
focus of everything what are they doing
and what do they do why are they doing
it
sucking rich
and very much second
every one of the Star Wars just follows
the lightsabers not characters let's
that's always been the case hasn't it
I didn't learn that until around the
time like attack clothes at some point
it became obvious to me that that's all
the fans care about is the lightsabers
light saber Oh light faber rich
wondering if your polygon is
controversial statement was based on
anything beyond Nick Robinson being a
creep Oh polygon fired him once they
found out about the SEC I it I don't
care anything about your whole gamergate
and SJW politics and that all feeds in
the back that's why I said that I get
away go away go away I want to hear
about it go away
so how about the Google clipper Campbell
he says sorry and I was paying attention
I couldn't I wasn't there for for uh for
a quick change yeah that's stupid ask
camera looks stupid right am i right
leftover beefcakes joke not mine
leftover beefcake being on top of it
I had my fuckin thing up
are there wireless gaming keyboards are
the best ones alright there are probably
gaming lands peepers the best ones are
still probably wired the same goes for
mice
I don't think I did find a gaming
keyboard is important because I would
find a gaming mouse right I don't I
don't necessarily understand the benefit
to a gaming keyboard
I would assume any keyboard as long as
you're comfortable with feel of the keys
is good enough right
this time Lucas says watch Return of the
Jedi on TNT
give me dinner we want fun but then when
the Emperor is killing dude they edit
invader going
no no that's variety as Vader kills the
effort really pissed me off
you got it you gotta track down the
original this is the thing especially
Jedi this is Jenna the most butchered
because because like not only do we get
Vader's no we get hate and Christians
and as Vader and and you get the song oh
oh forgot about that yeah I'm gonna jump
in friend account clearly a CG I've got
to because I look like a K mod with tex
avery short and then remember like the
little backup singer go like like hit
with his little rap solo he gets a rap
verse i zico zico wah go to who's oh
whoa Steve I know dude yes and the
change final music yes like like a new
hope you have a reader shot first is
terrible I don't I'm not I'm not I'm not
that bothered by the additional Java
scene it could have been done better
okay you know what
that's pretty badly step something to
tell you can get rid of that yeah yeah
no no new hopes pretty awful it's
clearly like the way that they animated
him to step over the tail I don't mind
the idea of that scene but the execution
is so fucking horrible right alright why
didn't they instead of having an actual
job Oh with a tail that Han Solo had to
step over instead of doing that why
wasn't there a little floating droid
that had a holographic image of Jabbar
coming out the top of it that Harrison
Ford could walk around because you've
seen the original scene right yeah
there's a guy standing there there's a
guy standing here are you telling me
what CGI that couldn't do something
about that especially when it's hidden
behind a blurry Jabba hologram well so
that's the
is what's more work is to paint because
like there you're rebuilding entire
backgrounds digitally mm-hmm and so
you'd have to rebuild backgrounds other
characters camera movements digitally
you would have the blurry hologram in
front but you know right would that work
or is it easier to do two seconds of him
stepping over which it looks terrible oh
it looks absolutely terrible and they
should not have used that scene for that
one reason of course of course all right
now I get my - that's what I wanted and
I got a rich
right I have never seen black you've
never seen black me I've never seen
black one you should see black camel
very good
think I'm get
I'd say right before that
her go he wants current noise to scare
the sound people off no oh wait I have
it's not what it is
did they change it they changed a lot of
weird bizarre things that they didn't
sure we're saying Empire is the least
butchered
yeah but they did show the whomp up and
like before you didn't see how to cut
your arm off see very little of it they
entered in like a guy in a costume
standing sitting there off the side like
eating something was that added that was
added the only thing you see in I think
there is just like the flash of his face
when he swats at Luke that's all you
ever really see other than like a
severed arm okay you know what another
point against Jedi is the Sarlacc
Jonah's probably possibly the worst
that's what I'm saying I like the
remember they added the beak of the
Sarlacc that awful-looking beak mm-hmm
that was terrible Cloud City looks
completely different yeah but I don't
necessarily know that the special
edition Cloud City looks terrible Oh
actually you know what I think a lot of
that looks really good because they
actually made windows that's pretty much
all they did right they just added
windows yeah and then like they actually
made it look like a city built on the
clouds had real windows in it yeah which
is actually a very good thing I might
actually like the Cloud City editions
yeah yeah I'm totally with you there
that was a good addition he did a very
similar thing if you guys have ever seen
oh fuck what was what's the name of hit
the first his first movie that he made
it from his shorts see oh fuck what's
the name of that what was the name of
his first movie sci fi movie about the
the people in the underground techno
city thx thank you wow wow I can't
believe I fucked that up if you if you
watch the original edition and the
special edition of thx yeah they did a
very similar thing where they
digitized some windows to make it so you
can see the whole underground city
that's weird because nobody cares about
thx oh yeah that's interesting as like
this is Lucas's first thing that's the
only reason that's interesting and so
that's a weird movie to make changes on
to me and he made a couple other weird
changes he added digital lizards so like
that makes no fucking sense
but thx by the way if you guys haven't
seen that put that on your list hey
that's a really quality movie thx thx
1-1 3-8 thank you war on god I don't
remember that well it's really good I'm
not saying it's bad I'm saying it's a
weird movie to take and do special and
do a special edition style or added
effects to what's really fun about it is
the special editions he added to it were
really restrained and made a lot of
sense except for the lizard but it's so
like you could see him what being like
you know what I really wanted to do was
show bits of this underground city we
just didn't have the budget for it so
now we can do that unlike unlike his
other special editions there was that
made a lot of sense
this time it's lupus so my weight my red
though I'm caught up
no shit
how you feel about the time my name is I
just get the soundtrack with you fucking
killer you know it's alright I'm getting
it now I'm uh element Lee I feel like
I'm understanding it now right and now
that I have all of my you know it does a
it did a thing where it was it was
giving me powers to show me what they
did but then it took some of them away
and I wasn't necessarily paying
attention to which ones they took away
so I was really confused a little bit
ago okay I don't while it's a game full
of style it's a style I don't
necessarily with everything you know I
all of the illustrations look really
cool but I don't think they translate
well into the actual one that's that's
patently false
we've talked about this lot we first
started playing her yeah and secondly
that's that's every game we play welcome
to free rep you guys just want to ask me
what I think about Star Trek or Star
Wars that's what happens you you you
don't care about the game it's you let
none of this you know no you don't give
a shit about this
hey Jeff hi mr. glitch should you get
that n64 controller I said oh I did it
looks awesome doesn't work I have not
tested it out yet I'll be honest but yes
it looks awesome I'm really excited to
play it uh mister glitch sent me a n64
controller with a game huge thump and
GameCube oh yeah yeah GameCube thumb pad
it was a great thumb pad and six four
thumb pad not the greatest I'm super
excited about it thank you I haven't got
a chance to play around the video yet
what is wrong with the n64 comes to
remember it's like it's this hard
plastic it feels terrible the only weird
thing about me is that just the
placement makes absolutely no sense of
what the n64 I'm sick well listen that's
what they have
sucking this time but I feel like I'm
understanding him candy frozen anyone
wants to see a great documentary at the
Lucas's descent into madness Turing
original trilogy
all you guys sorry watch SF degrees
video called hero's journey and the
sequel shadows to home it's very tight
that's that's the breeze it makes great
videos I can comment on that heat I said
to breeze his the one that did that
excellent series all on the comic book
industry yeah said a lot star Ken oh
yeah he makes he makes great videos in
general so I would believe that if you
want to watch like lucid Lucas's descent
into madness
I'm the special-edition DVDs the fourth
disc is nothing but a documentary about
lucas from college to present-day just
going through his entire career and it's
incredible is fucked up
captain Scott Bakula says Jack yeah time
and time again yeah you've slandered my
favorite comic the Fantastic Four yes
yes I have absolutely the four have been
my fav since I was a kid thank you okay
so at least somebody loves them yes
I'm sure a lot of people do absolutely
anyway thank you both for context I have
nothing against the fantastic I know you
like them I I do slander them I do and
I'm not you know that's just my feelings
on the Fantastic Four if you like them I
think that's great for Marvel's first
family that's that is true
something a sea of the chat is saying
fantastic Bohr kind of how I feel about
him but you know that's just me they
have one of the best villains ever
Doctor Doom that's true you know what I
will give mad respect to Doctor Doom
they're like he's got a whole thing he
has his own country like the UN needs to
treat him as a sovereign government like
yeah there is paperwork involved with
fighting dr. doom and I dig that and I
you know but you know like the other
thing about me is I'm not super into
space stuff in comic books and the
Fantastic Four goes into a lot of space
stuff really weird alternate universe
shit though mostly it's weird the
Fantastic Four's weird science
exploration at heart and it's very
possible I just having a read enough of
it but you know invented a machine that
will shrink us down and we could explore
this molecule which when you get down to
that small molecules like it's own
planet she ordered Adventure Bay
that's Fantastic Four
my sword
that bastards took away my cool sword
Markway 2004 Fantastic Four's
storyline the goods Reed Richards
attempts to take over Latvia and turn it
into a Western democracy rule that run
was delayed assuming it didn't work then
let virions love their dr. doom
anyone want to bet money on butter the
final boss of this game is just some
fucking guy in a suit / a larger version
of regular enemy the here's my mic my
biggest complaint with the game so far
is the visual presentation is super
muddled while like this image alone is
is okay and you know the close-up of
your character like the when that when
they show your character close up and
you see that cool mask is a really
striking visual during gameplay none of
the cool visuals come across and it's
muddled despair that is my that is my
feelings right now do guys arms you see
like do him in his goofy gauntlets
shoots out energy blasts that might be
too much might be just too much he talks
about himself in the third person
you get dialogue he's she's trying to
take the energy of hell for himself oh
for Latvia I now want to see a doctor
doom doom mod thank you
I'm okay with this
you know how's the mic dr. Jones of
original motivations he's trying to
rescue his mother's soul from the home
the mother made some kind of deal with
Mickey stuff okay so his whole deal was
he wanted to rescue her soul
I'm trying to remember what she sold
herself
it could have been so her son would have
been I I read that urea as Latvia
because that's how they wrote it in the
message I know it's that very out I'm
fond of the Fantastic Four I was reading
the comment as it was written
they say I know about the comic Ruth dr.
doom teamed up with dr. strange the rest
of his mother saw I know they resolve
that fun
I'm enjoying dr. doom in Squirrel Girl
Squirrel Girl has had to take on some
doctor dude yeah
Squirrel Girl famously people it's where
the running joke of squirrel world
defeating me in saintly powerful
villains comes from yeah
listen she defeated Galactus doesn't in
this world Australia that that Steve
Ditko did he insist heroes had the
triumph of an evil in the end and so she
beats Doctor Doom with an army of
squirrels
this dr. doom is a confident statesman
who is well liked by his citizens yes
that's like that's what makes him a very
good bad guy and I have definitely I've
conceded that they do have a great bill
I just heard jack I wanna preface my tip
I have a Sony Handycam and it's my job
to help film something I didn't get all
of that but is there a tip about making
making videos what is there a tip about
making videos
yeah I'll get to it okay no I was I I
just saw some of the chat saying I want
to preface my tip by saying I have a
Sony Handycam it's my job to help
students do something wrong
commits you in 120 yeah saying Jack we
had a question for you when would you
use a Sony Handycam for a professional
video also rich you think Mike feels
obligated to like Star Trek discovery
Mike can like what he wants you like
Star Trek discovery that's a good I'm
like I I don't think you could say mike
is incapable of being critical because
he does like Star Wars and he is able to
shit on Star Wars so yeah handycam
question when is it appropriate to use a
sony handycam in a professional video is
that the question mm-hm when when would
you use a sony handycam for a
professional video if that's what I had
that's all I would do it depends on what
kind of video you're making and I know
you get like mixing I like I saw part of
your of your chat I'm gonna pause here
for a second and just watch your watch
the chat for a second in case you
clarify that a little bit if it's a if
it's a nice camera sony handycam could
be a very nice camera it would be
perfect for exterior shots kind of like
wide shots where you don't and
necessarily need a super pronounced
depth of field I'm I'm seeing if you if
you clarify anymore if the only camera
you have is the Sony Handycam then
that's what you have to use
oh here it is I have three cameras a
fork a a shoulder mount Sony HD cam and
a handy cam then you use your other
camera you III I guess I just don't
understand the question
use your Sony hint give your Sony
Handycam to someone else to do
behind-the-scenes footage and then use
your nicer cameras to shoot the
commercial how about that
it all depends on what people are
looking for on what the project is there
are so many variables here use your best
camera as often as possible I don't know
if that's aI don't know if that's what
you're going for here I don't understand
thank you there are just so many things
I don't understand you're saying dog use
the best camera you have right yes
use the best camera you have all the
time like all the time and if you're if
you're thinking to yourself like oh but
I couldn't like I could make the shoot
shorter if I shot simultaneously with
two cameras don't use your best camera
all what if for a shot you need to lower
your camera until I've got into the
sewer
you need to dip it in the sewage waste
then find a way not to do that okay you
dip in your camera into sewage waste
then use your sony handycam
but then the disparage the the disparate
quality in your footage going from your
4k v or sony handycam is going to be the
noticeable okay okay
that's what I'm looking for because I'm
not sure why my faculty has a sony
handycams it because it doesn't seem
like a professional-grade camera right
like no and like I said if the the great
thing about that is you give that to
someone else and then they can shoot
behind-the-scenes footage and then you
get to videos for the price of one or if
you're just making you know dopey web
comment content rich oh that was do you
explain what the dumb thing is I'm very
confused right now one of my one of my
super deuce is to convert energy into
health yeah which I feel would be really
powerful except for I accidentally okay
but it's okay because there's one time
you well I guess I could have stopped it
because I didn't know
okay that's alright I figured it out I
figured about this time with lupus says
story idea
the Fantastic Four gets shrunk down lead
a civilization built in a molecule which
is not a flower that gets picked up by
an elephant named Horton who can't
convince anyone he's not crazy we get it
we get it
it's great book
and Courtney here's a su whoo better
that's better that's it that's better
horton hears this can't see her yeah see
the fun thing about that would be like
let's say he discovers an entire
civilization that's that's on a molecule
on a flower like the ethical dilemma
that would arise from that knowing that
you would murder
how many conscious beings every time a
flower is stepped on yeah it's a chorus
for me yeah see you can understand but
that would be cool
that'd be it neat that'd be a neat
premise
hi
I agree the compliment
absolutely they more the sub-mariner I'm
not a hundred percent sure which one
actually came first though that's the
question I I want to save name working
or name or came first sub man yeah all
right that's my belief but man I could
do doesn't matter doesn't matter okay so
by the way this is what I want to say
like this little illustration right here
that's gorgeous
yeah but that art doesn't translate well
to the gameplay look like that is a cool
image and I would love to be fighting
that guy but when I'm fighting I don't
see that yeah no okay but that's really
cool
are you going to get a Justice League
spoilers screams that's conversation
wife it's not even it's not even out yet
you know what I'm gonna see it
you know we hated the other movie right
like like hated it but I'll probably I
ever probably literally only we'll watch
that if I am asked to be on behalf in
the back yeah
and at that point you'll hear what I
think I'm happy
rich wonder woman was okay okay I didn't
love it I did that gets me really
excited for Wonder Woman - it is very
nice the DC finally managed to make a
movie that wasn't for sure
yep no like we should all be really
excited for a Wonder Woman - yeah but
but like Justice League looks like an
utter clusterfuck you're gonna go right
with Wonder Woman in the sixties I don't
know that where you go I don't know what
this what do you go that's a great boy
what do you go over Wonder Woman -
anywhere they want to go they made a
good movie like it got him figure it out
another woman to the next World War oh
maybe maybe but that was like this chick
with the first movie you didn't want to
retread they could do this whole women's
lib then set at the 60s as a backdrop
new to whatever else is going on yeah I
can work
the best thing about Wonder Woman is how
salty it made James account what was the
deal with this James Cameron is upset
about Wonder Woman because in James
Cameron's words Wonder Woman was pretty
and therefore not not fence you can't
you can't be both pretty and feminine
that's a weird complaint but what a made
sense to me is him being upset about him
being heralded as women actually when he
did that shit thirty years ago aliens
and Terminator 2 well technically like
you know so yes but many people would
argue and this is not my argument yeah
but many people would argue that as far
as Terminator 2 is concerned that's a
very masculine idea of of a woman and so
and I think the other part of it is that
it's also a female director and so it's
a female director and a female hero it's
a different sign of femininity but yeah
James Cameron got a sticking way up his
ass it probably has to do with the fact
that he had a female hero and like no
one cared and now people care
that's absolutely where it come from now
they care and they're pretending it
hasn't happened before
Richard financed movie the two the two
insanely popular movies that had strong
female protagonist I'm annoyed I don't
think anyone's pretending that it hasn't
happened before but they're just saying
it doesn't happen too often I don't
think anyone like forgets that
Terminator 2 is a movie
Channel eight five says I just saw the
trailer for the Justice League movie
yeah I am not too hopeful of this movie
due to a bunch of action explosion
flying Aquaman excetera
yeah I recommend everyone see it free I
don't recommend stealing it if you know
you don't think it's gonna be good just
don't watch it if they don't see it and
you know if you're not if you're not
part of the conversation and you you
don't contribute to the hype and that's
even better let's just drop today right
I heard about that I've not been able to
watch the Justice League trailer yes it
just dropped today and much to the
surprise of everyone like people were
like Wonder Woman smiled in the trailer
when people were telling jokes and it
seemed to make sense it was a whole
thing rich
it was a whole thing and I mean still it
still looks like art it still looks like
garbage I just don't think I don't think
Joss Whedon is going to be able to fix
enough
you know I still have a lot to get used
to as far as the gameplay is concerned
but I definitely like I don't feel in
control even when I win it doesn't feel
like I know guys would be a complaint of
mine I feel like I'm stumbling but also
it like I'm very new with the game still
so so I'm not blaming the game for that
I want everyone to know
right thank you
sure that's a joke but also that might
not be a joke
yeah I'm sorry
I am absolutely sucking what's new yeah
News
and you know
thank you don't quite get it
don't quite get it yet
it's gonna be some agility of skeleton
for sure that's good
there's a sore left right a pipe right
now it's a pipe I had at one point a
club sword a sword and I don't know I
would want myself I want my sword back
as I liked my sword that's a great
question
and I don't know why he can kill me so
easily but it probably has something to
do with something I don't know it's
probably I mean yeah I just don't
understand a lot of what's happening in
the game yet I don't blame the game 577
saying the sword left because it was
bored with this game that's that that's
very possible
are you bored started six I think you
should this is boring me oh great oh
good I'm so glad you said that because
like it's boring to rock out of me
I'm just I'm like all I got is the chat
and they got nothing
they got absolutely nothing Wow way to
go chat that's what you're supposed to
be here for
this looks like this looks like less
good hyper light drifter with you know
more confusing visuals
yeah the visuals are very
I think I did it okay great I'm on that
one
great
yeah
grinder
some say hyper light drifter - fun yeah
the controls don't look as tight
looks like we're confusing mess it feels
it feels muddled the visual presentation
is muddled everything about this game is
very muddled yes Model Model Model Model
Richard five peanuts at a baseball game
is it okay to throw your shells and the
stadium floor I went to a minor league
game last summer I was not sure what to
do you shouldn't eat peanuts so it's not
been an issue for me I usually when I
when I go to the ballgame I will bring
my trash out and throw it a garbage can
we'll just leave it lying there and the
peanuts are messy though I don't know
it's probably okay
like when cracking open a peanut if
schmutz falls it falls right right but I
say you should have a dedicate an empty
cup at the concession stand for your
shells
it probably they probably expect people
to leave their shells lying on the
ground and I'm sure there are people who
get paid to clean up the stadium
afterwards regardless of whether or not
you left shells or not because someone
else almost certainly did
sure I like don't feel bad about
dropping shells but I don't think you
should intentionally drive shells okay
you know what to put the peanut sweepers
out of work people have deadly peanut
allergies they still allow peanuts
baseball like this baseball game you hit
with a fucking ball and died fucking
line drive right to your face right
fucking right I was at a minor league
game essentially I was like it was like
the championship game was like a big
deal okay and the team they're big
they're big Slugger they're home run
hitter yeah huge guy huge huge fucking
guy built like a built like a linebacker
he was all just upper mast fucking giant
and he he hit line drive foul right into
the stands had some old lady right in
the head she dropped and this big strong
confident guy just suddenly turned her
to look like how a like you could tell
he was thinking oh god I just killed
somebody right I heard she was okay but
it was just watching watching the just
this guy who looked like he could chew
lead just okay and get this crumble gets
crumble yeah beautiful cuz he thought
he'd hurt somebody I think that's great
I think that's great oh we should you
know
