Mario Sans Iliad (Mario Odyssey part 2)
October 29, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VkEZGcC-848

much the spoilers integrated to the
story right mm-hmm that's all you care
about I do I wanna I want to talk to
Pauline and I'm not pulling to go oh my
god what happened to you you used to be
a man
what cuz Pauline was Mara's first
girlfriend you used to be a man yeah and
now he's not now he's a horrible Goblin
creature oh he's talking about Mario
yeah Mario always look like this Jack
I'm sorry that you can't reconcile this
do not reconcile this in my head
I cannot reconcile this in my head I'm
gonna go talk to Pauline it's weird that
he's in the real world
see like even Pauline looks a little
cartoony your compared to the real
people because you know I because get
the fuck over it it's not a big deal you
know wait maybe I mean to get out my
like you don't recognize me first of all
now I'm a little insulted wait she
doesn't recognize you is that what she
says well no she's like we can't talk
right now
I'm monsters trying to take over my
whole city not like oh my god you saved
me from a giant monkey once but maybe
she didn't recognize we used to date we
right here we are
alright now let's see if she recognizes
me hey baby
maybe I could help save you save you
from a giant monster hint hint
I'm sorry but I really don't have time
to chat right now I need to figure out a
way to save my entire city things have
been utter chaos since the brutish
monster showed up and he has the nerve
to be advertising his wedding all over
new dog city a bit tasteless if you ask
them ahh it's a me Mario should I jump
and jump on your head yeah yeah take
that oh that ain't peach no it's not
Beach that's Pauline that's Pauline from
Donkey Kong you you don't save peach and
Donkey Kong this might blow people's
mind maybe they don't know ya am I not
you don't say peach and don khon you
save your girlfriend pauline who is now
the mayor of new dog city this sprawling
metropolis you see in front of you so by
the way you're welcome for saving you
from that giant monkey so you could
become mayor bitch oh shit I just fell
off a building and you're really worried
about story continuity in a Mario game I
thought there might be one of those oh
my god thank god you're here you can
help the situations you know need to be
a deeply intricate plot that's moving
between the games but you nearly say oh
hey Mario hey ma remember last time you
saved me from from a giant monster maybe
you could help me out again
maybe it ended badly and she's just
trying to ignore you
oh maybe oh my god what the fuck oh my
god there's horrible maggots and flies
in new dog city look at these things you
dumped her for a princess he found that
a sewer pipe to be fair she's pretty
smoking princess Pauline just sayin she
might have been from a sewer pipe but
you know she's got it she's got it where
it counts
why did they stop calling her Princess
Toadstool and start calling her peach
because her name was Princess Toadstool
toad is due Lola is not necessarily a
flattering name toadstool
but that's like Bowser right he used to
be King Koopa in the freight in the
first couple of games
I guess but now he's just like Bowser
king of the Koopas but oh my god he can
blow up cars like a this is love cars
that's fucked and there's maggots under
the cars that's so weird
that sign is super tacky hat you're
right also I'm in a tank
great great we're doing great I feel
great hello alone - seven - three forces
Alan Wake is a massive Stephen King fan
blowjob the deadly premonition sorry
it's fine I just like I like something
being described as a massive blow job I
don't know why that's that's funny right
that that Games a blow job
Deadly Premonition is the Twin Peaks
game that looks like and plays like a
really bad Dreamcast game
Alan Wake is just more of that uncharted
crap okay
all right captain tolerable says is the
Nintendo switch the best first year any
console has ever had yes even better
than the Dreamcast no we're talking
about two games
nearly a year apart right yeah right now
they have and even one of them's not
even an exclusive right because you can
get breath of the wild on the on the Wii
U
I'm megget shit
I do kind of love being a tank I'll be
real with you so is it like I'm a PC
gamer and hurt and like best generation
talk it just it's nonsense to me it's
meaningless jibber-jabber you know for a
lot of us it's not but for a lot of us
it's not meaningless jibber-jabber my
play good games man where are these
things segmented because you know they
is man because they is it is what it is
I'm sorry
Thanks
flies
dupa do you know like is this having a
good year yes a lot of people are
talking very positively about the switch
the best year ever I'd need some numbers
I mean I need to know what other games
have offered you know or what what other
things came out I imagine there are a
lot of years in the mid to late 80s and
early 90s that were technically much
better years for Nintendo I mean what
came out in the first year of the Super
Nintendo write some good shit maybe wow
I don't know how things work I mean they
were they were the top dogs uncontested
oh fucking hell man for a long time
get up Mario there be tanks
that's adorable the crosswalk signs are
our question blocks look at that look at
that adorable it's all adorable
but as far as this first year I know
like you know people want it right
people want the console mm-hmm
they they they have a property that
people want and is in demand what else
can you ask for they have something that
people want and for a long time they
didn't chat saying your grandma had a we
here's here's the problem with that
though your grandma had a we but she
bought it used it a couple times and
never touched it again a grandma had a
weed gramma didn't have a lot of weed
games right
she had that bowling one yep which one
had the bowling that might have come
free with me now that I think about it
that's so that's the real thing about
grandma and her we is the Wii sold very
well games on the we did not sell very
well that's a very important thing to
remember but by the way that brings up a
great point if we're talking to straight
numbers of who had the best first year
it's got to be the Wii right cuz
everybody fucking had a week
well sure Nintendo smart or not they
they make profit on their consoles yeah
they're not lost leaders yeah I mean
that's smart because they make money on
every system they sell its and it's but
it's dumb in the sense that they're
gonna be underpowered and compared to
the competition like all the time right
and for those who don't know many
console manufacturers actually sell the
console at a loss in order to make up
for it with game sales so you know your
Playstation your Xbox actually sells
their consoles at a loss to Microsoft
and Sony so they can make it up in game
sales that's a they get you hooked they
get you a hooked with the with the
system then you got to pay for the games
hi dudes
that's the plan at least Nintendo they
don't play that game though they make a
profit on everything and I don't know if
that's still true of of Sony and
Microsoft I know that used to be the
case I don't know if that's still true
like with the current generation
consoles but you know you can think
about it in the same way that steam is a
free service you don't pay any money for
steam but they want they want to be the
service where you buy your games through
also I hate this music can you guys hear
this music I can hate this music it's
why there's gonna be yellow I don't know
for no particular reason
I just want to say what's wrong with you
man good man hey man goombahs is
supposed to be brown you're all yellow
and shit what up with that
ding dong man ding dong Oh Weird Al did
you hear he's doing a tour of non parody
songs no he's doing a what did he called
the ill-advised tour it's a tour of
original music huh yeah hey I wish him
luck I like we're down everybody likes
Weird Al except for idiots whoa oh whoa
Jack there are people out there who
didn't like season 2 episode 7 of course
what's their budget
idiots I don't know rich you by the way
you're getting me very hyped to see all
of these into episode 7 don't don't I am
having fun with the chat I do really
like that episode I know I'm not
obviously my expectations are what they
are regardless of what you have to say
about it
all right up what up I'm just looking
there's another one about Deadly
Premonition er Athan mage saying forget
about Alan Wake play Deadly Premonition
that game will give you something to
talk about for a long time it's also on
GOG so you put it on a USB and copy it
to your drive as a backup they know oh
yeah I know what's up damn rich you can
get it DRM free rich you want to play it
down to it over there Chris Gaines mm
says Jack Chris Gaines I owe you some
totally not beer as either the Box I
sent you got lost in transit or Mike
drink it what kind of beer did you send
don't know also dark City is an
underappreciated masterpiece
too bad he never made another good movie
well he probably can get a chance right
after dark city because I think that
bomb because dark city was released
during Titanic madness oh sure sure I
don't think anybody actually saw dark
city other than other than me and Roger
Ebert who loved it right Roger Ebert
actually did a commentary track for it
oh did it yeah Oh fun
other than being Roger Ebert yeah dark
City was one of those I think that that
found a second life on yeah on home
video on DVD the magical doctor said he
was 98 Titanic was 97 Titanic was
December of 97 and Titanic had some legs
oh shit dog oh shit I know they came out
in different years but the Titanic still
managed to bury dark City yeah Titanic
Lee for real
they're wanna go up there
look around again it had legs but it
couldn't swim Oh boom credit goes to
Chuck Fox in the chat
you did it Chuck Fox yeah how do I get
over there there's a secret over there
and I want it
there we go that's how you get over here
Jack you can jump on your spinning hat
you can jump on your spinning hat I find
no real excuse to do so they say it
makes you jump further but I haven't
really noticed any difference moon so
you you throw your spinning hat like
this yeah and it usually comes back to
you like you throw right but if you hold
down wine it just sits there and so then
you can like you can't jump on it by the
way cuz if you jump on it that's what
happens like look you try to jump on it
oh I guess I did that damn it mind but
you just kind of run into it and you can
jump over it but I know fuck oh fuck oh
I'm fine I find very little excuses to
jump on my spinning hat again can you do
a bud slide jump on your hat does that
would greatly improve your distance
undoubtedly a buck slide your you do the
duck and jump that gives you more
distance oh sure
can you do that on your hat Oh find a
runway here
yeah that's pretty decent yeah yeah jack
is unimpressed on a jack is excessively
unimpressed I guess what I'm saying is
I'm pretty unimpressed by this whole by
this whole hat situation I do like
taking over other people and you know
turning them into my slaves that's fun
but yeah
valiant bloodshot says when will we get
more deal Breen on best of the worst the
great question is that glass box that
has passed through on the walls still
intact yes it is that is a great
question I would have done it ages ago I
have talked to vocal e about doing it
ages ago it's a lot of it's not up to us
send your complaints to contact it good
times oh shit
titanic's top-grossing day was February
4th yeah that movie was kind of insane
cuz it came up that was like over a
month after it came out it had its best
they had its best grossing day according
to this thing I am reading in the chat
well there you go yeah that movie was
crazy crazy I remember there was there
was a lady I was I was seeing at that
time Titanic a pre pre Lisa time mhm
there was a lady I was seeing and uh
that's about to get real or not know I'm
gonna get kicked off the building
gotcha
perfect great I did it okay there was a
lady I was seeing around around the time
of the Titanic craziness and I was
taking her home after a night I don't
know if it was a date or you know just
hanging out or whatever I don't remember
the exact situation but that Celine Dion
song came on you know yeah from the end
yeah zanuck and as we were just sitting
in the car waiting for her you know I
was just there just chatting in the car
not throwing anything yes best moves Lea
Celine Dion afraid but you know so we
were just chatting in the in the car and
that song came on and she made like me
stop talking like you cannot talk to me
while this song is on and she started
like crying just thinking about Titanic
listening to that song did that end it
huh did that end that was the start of
the end where I was like listen you know
I get being moved by stuff but like we
are talking it's just a fucking song and
I think it worked out pretty good for
you I'm not I'm not complaining but yeah
just started like actually sobbing
because she was thinking about Titanic
that movie is so fucking powerful get
there
that movie plus estrogen it was just
like crack wasn't it he nailed it he
just got it and he's like we're gonna
we're gonna crack the code what every
what every teen girl wants broke it open
like a like a like an walnuts but what
she it's the beginning of the end for
James Cameron well there wasn't many
places to go from there the beginning of
the end
fucking hell the beginning of the end of
the one of the most famous directors in
the world who made a billion fuckin
million dollars all that movie I know
then created another giant ass movie
after giant ass movie well how much was
there after Titanic
well avatar you know that's a lot okay
that was number of years after does it
doesn't have to be yeah he can do
whatever the fuck he wants after Titanic
he won yeah he won he doesn't need to do
nothing else winning Super Bowls
beginning at the end for his career
no-hitter in Game seven of the World
Series that was it I guess done now I
mean sure he still played baseball for
twenty years afterwards but that's what
I really like he waited do anything
after that
fucking hell the beginning of the like I
get your point that he'll do that much
after that but like the beginning of the
end is what you say like after someone
has failed James Cameron has never
failed avid
our wasn't a very exciting movie still
made a bazillion dollars hey where'd
Pauline go I want to talk to that Biddy
it was avatar the terminator TV show
then Terminator Genisys a rising star
okay
TV Cheryl her didn't give it that much
of a fuck about but Terminator Genisys
yes so okay except overseas where it did
well and avatar look we don't remember
it very fondly ultimately a forgettable
movie but it made billions of dollars
and lots of suicidal nerds with blue
painted faces it was a huge success
regardless of whether or not we thought
it was great and I didn't right
so you're only really listening like two
failures on that list
Dark Angel which had its fans I think
that mostly failed because it was on Fox
and they like to cancel science fiction
shows right so what I remembered Erik
Ainge oh yeah that was I I was a fan of
Dark Angel
oh I still got my moon I liked a little
bit of Dark Angel that had a didn't that
have Tom Cavanagh in it that was another
yet another James Cameron production
that had a strong female protagonist
thank God Wonder Woman broke that
ceiling thank God for Wonder Woman email
director a female different thing
it's finally okay to have a female
protagonist thank you one also she was
thank you gal gadot Oh protagonist you
don't you know your female protagonist
doesn't necessarily have to have
masculine qualities to be the
protagonist like Wonder Woman was a good
man literally based his entire career
around strong female protagonists and
he's got to sit there and listen to
everyone I guess they can't suck Wonder
Woman's cock like a sucker
quit I guess and say they did it first
and he's got he's got a listen to that
and I don't blame him for getting
grouchy about Wonder Woman you know it's
their different tones I don't blame them
you don't blame him I suppose the I
don't blame him for getting grouchy
about not being the first that wasn't
what he but the way he put it he made it
seem as if Wonder Woman was not an
appropriate feminist icon right that was
the problem if you were to be whatever
whatever he said I'll bet you his real
the real issue in his head is that all
of his vast body of work and strong
female protagonists has just been
forgotten about so that somebody can
sell this lie of we broke the ceiling
when he did it 30 years ago but rich the
point was his all of his strong female
characters had stereotypically masculine
qualities
and that's what made them strong whereas
Wonder Woman is a strong female
character with feminine qualities Rose
yeah Rose had strong masculine qualities
I've never seen Titanic okay
it's something you should know about me
he's and I'll and also it was a female
director so you have to understand it's
a slightly different situation and
really it was the way in which he said
it where he said Wonder Woman is not a
feminist ideal because she looks good
which is a bullshit statement right yeah
he wants to be huffy and be like hey man
I've been I've been casting ladies in
the lead all my career and then we'd all
been like oh yeah you totally right
James Karen but he was like that Wonder
Woman she ain't that hot that was the
problem that was the issue everyone was
having with what he was saying hey taxi
we rose was not a strong female lead why
not if we're talking about alright
female lead to be a strong female lead
can't be too masculine then how the fuck
do you do that if Rose who is not
masculine can't be a female lead because
she's not masculine there's a
contradiction in there no no Chad I want
to know what her standards are for a
strong female lead and why why doesn't
Rose fit the bill rich again she's the
lead character in an adventure film
again it doesn't matter whether you're
female lead has masculine or feminine
qualities it matters in that what James
Cameron said is that Wonder Woman
doesn't know God as a strong female lead
because she is attractive I and I
haven't seen Titanic so like that maybe
maybe she is a strong female lead
I'm trying to do here whoa Rose
basically does nothing for herself she
has to it's been a while since I've seen
titanically she have to kind of learn to
do something for herself though isn't
that kind of her arc does Leo save her
at the end I kind of work together at
the end
she might save him at some point I think
he's like tied up okay no I don't know
man you're on your own with this one
yeah never got around to see inside
Santa too much hype I was waiting for
the hype to die down never really died
down
what the heck is this
Thunder sonís is love quantum leap chat
last stream ya connelly want to see new
series to quantum leap remember Sam had
a daughter new series stars her
searching for Sam lost in time along the
way striving to put right what once went
wrong did say I'm done I'm trying to
remember I think he did well get a wife
he couldn't remember remember that was a
whole deal with him here amnesia oh yeah
that's true
karna belief ending left me blueballed
though the quantum leap ending left
everybody blue balled now he doesn't get
home yeah you know what he's never gonna
get home that's that's the end of
spoilers fuck his wife and daughter you
know fuck him right up the ass
I mean hadn't everyone forgotten about
them like I did I'll be honest I'm okay
with anything I'm okay with the ending
because being a fan of quantum leap
means that you like Sam going on his
adventures and so basically they're just
like okay he doesn't go home but he just
continues to go on adventures forever
they're gonna make to see if it's home
okay go you know what maybe maybe he's
perfected control over his leap know you
can go and come home at will whoo see
there you go there that's where you go
that's what we needed
how harden says good evening good
evening as kids did you ever read scary
stories to tell in the dark that book
scared me so bad when I was 8 I threw it
in my backyard
yomo del Toro is rumored to direct a
film version oh ok
I've never read that no I'm gonna guess
that book came out when I was 25 see you
yeah I don't know I don't know that one
what year are those books from another
good quick
I may actually have been 25 I'm not
familiar with the books though so yeah
it sounds like a Nickelodeon show came
out in the early 80s okay well then then
I would have been of the age I just I've
not read it yeah you know I never I
didn't get I wasn't really into reading
until until I was a little older we
weren't a book household like like
goosebumps is one I would have been a
little too old for probably yeah like
later 80 later 90s right for goosebumps
and I didn't have cable then at that
point so I don't think I'm known yeah I
guess Goosebumps books yeah we're like
late 80s Early 90s early nineties so
probably too old I don't know I got like
I said we were not we were not
necessarily a book household
unfortunately like I I love reading now
but I didn't really get into reading
until like the sixth grade so I I anyone
who's like hey you're over this classic
book from our childhood like probably
not mid to late 90s then I wish to old
was goosebumps yeah
yeah okay holy Brown Adam Sandler says
Jay got some shit on Twitter for saying
11:00 didn't have much to do in season 2
because people called it a spoiler well
this is obviously not what is the line
for you as to what is a spoiler and well
given my example previously that's
that's the tough part with spoilers is
it could just be anything because once
once you know any little bit of the
puzzle it makes it that much easier to
figure out the puzzle later you know I'm
I'm not even agreeing with the the tweet
that that 11 had nothing to do right I
you know and I don't know the tweet
she's kind of doing her own things but
she's doing things so far she's doing
things and I'm four episodes in people
might be upset to even know that she's
in season two because the season 1 left
it ambiguous well then they should the
shove her in the fucking trailer said
well that's what doesn't say but anyone
who's even been half paying attention
knows that she's in it so
all right if it's in the trailer it's
definitely not a spoiler I know some
people like to avoid trailers tough shit
right I haven't been able to watch
season two you I've and I'm only four
five episodes in so I'm not too deep in
so we're not getting too into it
tonight's I I'm liking what I've seen so
far
fucking Mario spider-man
whoa whoa that I'm not able to jump off
of that why is that there
oh hey go sometimes you just got to
throw your hat on it you know like
figure out what it does throw your hat
on it anonymous says I hate everything
that's actually great not like
cinemasins at all
also what's more disappointing the end
of Mass Effect 3 or the entirety of Mass
Effect Andromeda
I haven't played any of Mass Effect and
drama because Mass Effect is so bad it
ruined the entire Mass Effect universe
that's like three so bad right yeah so
your answer would be Mass Effect 3 I
suppose it is important to note I have
not laid a single finger on Andromeda
except to cut it into tiny pieces right
hey music I throw my head on you know
can I throw my hat nope well hit you
know oh shit then what's your purpose up
here dawg
what hell
what has you had dr. Luu watup says my
grandparents are nearly 90 years old 90
both are still farming and are fitter
and healthier than people 20 to 30 years
younger good for them
I'm proud of them think it's something
to strive for I mean anything as far as
I'm concerned anything past 70 you're
you've made it they're winning yeah oh
they are winning they did it flinging
ourselves over here figure out figure
out life here trying to figure out the
big city rich it's tough
life in the big city
a concrete jungle
mama says hey guys rich stream tonight I
anonymous I was wondering if you ever
saw the Netflix series about OJ Simpson
with Cuba Gooding jr. John Travolta
choose the scenery so much and it's
worth it just for him alone I've heard
the People vs OJ Simpson I live to that
OJ shit I need to revisit it you don't
need a you know this series dedicated to
it that's fair you know I think I think
I think I think Karen's mother has the
whole trial on my tape oh yeah TV just
recorded every damn day it was a big
deal it was a real big deal back in the
day that I remember what was it I was in
sixth or seventh grade and they they
like they they like we had a break from
school because they were reading the
verdict and like you guys need to see
this verdict this is gonna be important
for history and really what like you
know we were weird kids we're like who
is this Oh je veux it the oj important
for history I'm since I'm saying like
that's what that's what our teachers did
are oh your GG just want to watch the
trial ha ha ha that's probably what it
was yeah yes like the teacher wanted to
know so it's like that's a class
assignment and we're gonna watch it
you're gonna write a paper about it
that's assignment okay it's out for the
class but yeah it was a big deal like
and like I was like you mean the guy
from The Naked Gun movies you know like
I wasn't a sports guy so I didn't even
know who the fuck I didn't understand
why Oh Jay was like a big deal at all
like why what do you what is he fucking
Oh Jay
valiant bloodshot says how do you guys
feel about serialized television
narrative will came out from 109 that
discusses how it is very difficult to
sit back and just a joy enjoy an episode
of a show due to serialization well
people don't here's the thing people
don't watch TV shows like they used to
where I'm gonna sit down I'm not doing
anything tonight what's on the TV they
don't do that they they they open up a
web site and then you could start from
the beginning and watch as much as you
would like no I don't I don't think
there's anything wrong with with
serialized TV I don't think there's
anything wrong with non serialized TV
there's there's room for both but I can
I can understand why in the era of
Netflix that's something serialized
taking off yeah however I will say I
much prefer it when they have it planned
out on like a season per season basis
and not like where I'm going when and is
never in sight and then it fizzles out
will you get no satisfaction and see I
think you have to decide what kind of
show you're going to be beforehand like
yeah you know what we're gonna be we're
going to be non serialized every episode
is you say I will see what the fuck
happens maybe we'll have a small arc
throughout the season you know but you
know yeah we're just going free flow or
yes every season has a story and that's
our thing you have to choose the article
specifically was driven to point out
that serialization of Star Trek
discovery had damaged the way Trek would
work well yes but discovery never should
have been serialized I think it's the
issue I don't think that means the
concept of a surreal ice show was bad
then maybe thought they had to do Star
Trek that way because audiences really
liked them they didn't have to
Rick and Morty isn't serialized and
that's super popular
yeah yeah but does Rick and Morty have
like like season 1 had kind of it no I
guess not really because I've only seen
season 1 like in the later seasons do
they have kind of an overarching story
and we're out season Rick and Morty yeah
not really
ok I don't know what I'm doing I'm just
kind of running around seeing scene
where I end up Rick and Morty is 95%
standalone episodes ok
or maybe occasionally something that
happened will be referenced oh ok yeah
that's that's normal that's perfectly
crammed Yulin back over here again
excuse me building framerate issues
there's this the shit there's little I
can do about that framerate issues yeah
I don't know I don't know what that is
with our it's got to be something with
how the elgato is performing because I
don't think it's us you know I think
when when the elgato freezes we don't
freeze my guess is I just should have
done a computer research and I didn't so
I blame me I also blame it on the boogie
like that I there's a lot of blame to go
around you know
nope nope didn't make it
Madame says rich if you had participated
in them oh I already answered that in
the chat earlier but in case you weren't
here if I participated in however the
best of the works worst what would my
picks have been hmm Hackl entered to win
I would not vote for a destruction I do
not think that vampire assassin was so
horrible it needed to be destroyed we
had we actually got a fair amount of
entertainment out of vampire assassin I
would I would vote to spare it but hack
O'Lantern was the winner and you know I
had I been in a different dare I say
more sober mindset I would I might have
even agreed with you about vampire
Sasson because it is true we did get
some fine comedy out of that I it was
very bad look there's barrels rich
there's barrels in a new dog city
barrels
get over there
no don't mind me just jump it on your
shit this is why Pauline doesn't want me
around anymore
Mario can you just stop jumping on my
city just for five fucking seconds just
stop jumping on my city and talk to me
like a person boo-boo Mario series I
thought tonight would be an off night
for what the World Series
apparently it's tied up four to four oh
great I don't really care who wins
tonight because they're they're tied up
two and two
okay so whoever wins you know I just
want to see a Govi Game seven was what
I'm rooting for I want to see Game seven
so whoever wins is a relevant debate ha
ha ha sure
yes I agree Mike chase gaming one
Episode seven is so bad
asked you didn't finish comment right
you forgot the asked part episode seven
is badass
no fucking big new dunk city is oh yeah
I'm sure you can go to all of those
spots
oh you saying like yeah it is comically
large for any kind of thing for any kind
of city yeah and I understand that these
are these are basically matte paintings
but for Christ's sake man like we know
cities aren't that big they want you to
jump off the building
okay I'm gonna be heard what I do you
not clutch up during long Falls and
games we're gonna see like lunch up
why'd you jump up there because I wanted
to land on the hook after bed once you
take time off the street I wouldn't die
I died that was a far dive man you
ruined it nice tall you ruined it it's
still hard to hear if I'll fucking go
back it's fine
go back it's fine here's what I'll do
here's what I'll do I'll do even more
than they were asking I'll go back I'll
go back up here oh there's a moon over
there I'll get the moon and then jump
off I'm gonna go I'm gonna go to the
highest point new dog city and we'll
jump off of that onto the street how
about that well thank you that'll make
me happy Jack thank you thank you look
at that can do the handstand jump off of
there just for extra height
wait I got it nope
Maria tipped out a surprisingly well
yeah this guy's just moving them I think
I just chilled of building mmm those
whole Curie's know I want to get in
front like it like I guess I'll just
walk with him
hey mister mister you got any dollars
can I change change for the bus change
for the best new dog City hey lady
can I be you can I be you hey lady nope
can't be the lady cop lyric says
gobbledygook a pretty wife answered the
door for the moon let me read this first
for the milkman make sure I make sure I
could read this okay
a pretty wife answered the door for the
milkman then he followed her to the
bathroom she disrobed asking him to fill
up the tub with milk do you want that
pasteurized no just up to my boobs
read the beginning part of that joke
again
so how is that as dirty as you'd think
read over yeah a pretty wife answered
the door for the milkman then he
followed her to the bathroom she just
robed asking him to fill up the tub with
milk do you want that pasteurized no
just up to my boobs past your eyes
that's your eyes I get it yeah I get it
I get it rich don't worry as in nineteen
eighty forces hearing rich hearing
hearing rich saying they could suck
Wonder Woman's dick then changing a
torque lip is enough for this tip you
earned it rich almost spit tagged
monster energy onto my screen anyways
have you seen mind hunter
I have not there's another Netflix
original mind excuse me excuse me
I got to find all those musicians again
how hard it says Hagen Jack I recommend
the scary stories
scary stories books to you and your kids
the illustrations are pretty gnarly cool
an armor and honor of the sacred
Halloween that was your guy's best
favorite costume as a kid what was your
guys best favorite costume as a kid
Indiana Jones yeah some spooky books
might be nice I'm almost done with my my
ghost box collection my spooky short
stories I decided to save some for four
you know after trick-or-treat and you
know actual Halloween the 31st edge of
that city is that a city on top of a
building where turn room like what does
everything sitting on the edge of oh
yeah what is new dog city's foundation
is that just like water the nothing
maybe water okay there's water down
there yeah like it's just built hundreds
thousands of feet above water that's
weird that's actually weird weird what
is that like an Eggman robot robot Oh
apparently that gives me a moon this is
this is
this is a problem I have I think it's
too easy to get moons I just like push a
robot I'm sorry your life sucks
basically those moons I basically I'm
saying my life sucks see French it's
like you know me Bob parson he bowed
Blackpool or blurps Corp Corp dorp floor
P dark Dorp PA that sounds French to be
PA did you say Pierre someone PA and I
got to find there was that one dickhead
who was like on a roof playing the sex
in the phone and I get I got to get him
apakah deathtrap says alright my fiancé
and I binge stranger things all in one
day we loved all of it especially
episode 7 ha ha ha ha
did he really say especially episode on
an unrelated note we have been craving
KFC lately I don't lose any life for
that
it's almost like that was a reference to
my boyfriend's a vampire what the fuck
was that call again my boyfriend really
read the chicken the fried chicken for
dinner
the last vampire vampire on earth doing
a lesbian better day that almost felt
like a reference to the last vampire on
earth and I want to know if the duffer
brothers are fans of best of the worst
he probably filmed that before that came
out I would assume right I know what
episode you're talking about right
we know that a surprising number of
working professionals in the movie
industry our fans of red letter media
flower all right I think I found all
four musicians
congratulations so I think now we get it
we get a sweet-ass concert
dr. Liu it up oh wait are we doing
something super important right now
see look she doesn't know Mario I don't
suppose you're familiar with underground
work are you Pauline knowledge my
existence Pauline
damn you oh maybe it maybe mice here
hold on
check out this uh you see that Pauline
you remember that you remember that
walking away from you uh all right I
gotta find the underground power supply
so we can get the the new dog city
festival working
yes chap Mario hit that yeah yeah heck
yeah Mario hit that
Mario straight-up ignored Pauline since
the 80s
Mario could suck a dick not true we hung
out with her on the Gameboy Advance
where is it the D s which one would a
Mario vs. Donkey Kong games knows it is
yes he hung out with her on the DS so it
doesn't matter he saved her from fucking
Donkey Kong he saved her life and then
you know depending on who's what you
know what you think is canon he got
trapped in the Mushroom Kingdom did she
look for him did she did she do anything
to help Mario I don't know she's not
even acknowledging his existence at the
moment happens on the chata sing he hit
that so hard she got amnesia
now now you get it that's a good one
how's it go like that you remind me of
someone
oh my head hurts now for some reason
yeah
decorative it up says I consider a
spoiler to be something that ruins your
enjoyment of a story so for me what is
and isn't a spoiler can only be
determined after the fact
oh yeah yeah right that's the tough part
with spoilers I guess well
when hearing the ending of Mass Effect 3
early be considered a spoiler because I
still would have hated that regardless
Berber / / / like spoilers are tricky
territory I think no matter what and
that's that's why I always err on the
side of just not knowing anything I'll
look them up for things sometimes
because I typically I really don't care
I largely don't care about spoilers yeah
it's the execution of what they do
rather than more so than knowing what it
is sure and it can be it can be but you
know because I've been I've been spoiled
before there are exceptions to this like
it probably would have ruined the sixth
sense for me sure if I I heard the
endings of that ahead of time yeah of
course but in general I don't mind
knowing for the most part
I Do's II can mix you in 120 says hey
guys your favorite troll waiting for
Jack to give in and reinstall pub G once
they get a new map or to edit nope
anyways a random question what do you
think of seven and American Psycho
thanks any thoughts on seven American
Psycho
both are fine movies both a55 movies
haven't seen seventh you haven't since
that I haven't seen seven game
interesting movies you haven't seen no
have you seen American Psycho no you go
c7 or American I haven't seen either um
American Psycho is a really is an
example of a really good adaptation of a
book you know a lot of times people say
oh you know the book is love but our
American Psycho I think is is up there
for a movie adaptation that is better
than the book seven is fine movies I
have no super strong thoughts in seven I
enjoyed it but how'd you get down here
she's a hands on mayor a new donk lesson
girl all right
blood beats us rich if you were planning
a heist and could only bring one friend
what type of animal would you be
Gallagher says yeah yeah yeah good
that's good I got the gong yeah what are
you gonna get a gong show sound effects
right yeah we needed a gong we need it
where's our sound thing you said a sound
thing I just have a noise we need it
we could put oh you know we could
probably add a noise thing to the to the
stream deck the people don't get gong
show references anywhere it needs to be
the Whammy noise wow wow
we could add a we could pry out a thing
to the to the stream deck the whammy
noise yeah we wouldn't hear it where
they would grab the excess what do you
see when the Pillsbury Doughboy bends
over doughnuts
why doesn't a chicken wear pants because
it's Becker is on its head ever put fish
sticks in your mouth what are you a gay
fish who this who's this
thanks yes that's that's that's
Gallagher stop with the jokes man what's
going on in your world
they ain't telling so many jokes
sure I'll participate in the festival is
there is there an option to woo Pauline
back and forget about peach like peach
keeps getting kidnapped after a while so
you got it you got to wonder you know
how much she's fighting Bowser like she
just keeps getting kidnapped Pauline
she's uh she's got some power here she's
got a whole city cosmopolitan lady sin
maybe was time to it's time to upgrade
here look at this peaches so mousey it's
maybe said maybe it's about time we get
a you know I I yeah I fiber Mario I'm
probably just just I wouldn't
necessarily be Oliver but I would think
about it
oh look at this classic Donkey Kong
level
you know I think we need to question it
has it just we've been with peach for so
long that's all we know are we are we
saying that we have no more options
Mario you have options um I'm down with
Pauline yeah it's something we need to
we need to consider
I mean life with peach she gets
kidnapped every week peach is a hassle
peaches a hassle also peach lives with
toad and he's a weirdo look at these are
these seem like normal people and we
could get a job in the city you know
like the city has plumbing Pauline got
kidnapped once ever yeah well she might
have gotten kidnapped also in Mario a
few times a few times she doesn't have
the history yeah I'm not like peach
though words every damn week
and then you just gotta fight a monkey
when she does get kidnapped not out not
a lizard army also you don't even fight
fire-breathing lizard army this is like
not even fight a monkey just needs to
get to the top level you gotta jump you
know you know you got to dodge a few
barrels yeah then you hit an axe or
something he falls down it's great and
look she sings she's got a beautiful
singing voice shit I jumped into a fire
having no appearance by Donkey Kong and
this yeah I am I am disappoint I am so
disappointed maybe he's at the top I
expected to see a sequence with 3d
Donkey Kong in this he might be a pop of
yours it's bright I get that but oh with
3d done oh yeah so by the way is this
Pauline's way of saying I remember you
is this Pauline's way of saying like I
know who you are Mario and I still love
you this hope come back to new dog city
Mario
we miss you Mario I miss you Mario
I hear you Pauline I hear you
alright now get my dance of Pauline yeah
get up the tube give the tube oh yeah
here we go I'm a little bit disappointed
that there's no 3d - I was sure there'd
be a doggy Kong sequence in the game
more than that
that would have been nice I was all
waiting for the Donkey Kong boss fight
that wasn't very wasn't to be was not to
be that's too bad
you did it ah feels great Pauline hmm
all right well I guess we'll just stay
here and this city no no no need to find
Pete what does stay away yes fine a nice
what am I getting
is she getting married her juices where
all the ads are she's getting married to
Bowser but not here no not here we still
gotta find her if we feel like finding
her is what I'm saying
will you just stay here look look at
this vibrant city we could stay in just
fine different find a place ho no no
what say I was sick time looking like
was there up time looking like how we
doing how we doing guys I don't know
what's going on cuz someone uptime us
I'm gonna call him whenever I've had a
long day I know I know you have you
started a little early I don't think
we're quite at 4:00 yet but we might be
close 321 okay let's see what this next
world is I guess we'll leave I guess
we'll go find peach how about this how
about this yeah here's what's fair
because we have a history of rescuing
peach we'll rescue peach but then come
back to new dog city okay I say hey Pete
it's not a romantic thing that's just
saving someone in need right and it's
like peach I just need to let you know
that I won't be around again I've
rescued you I'm for the umpteenth time
now if you need anything just call Luigi
he's not going anywhere he can help
maybe spend some of your royal money on
a fucking army that isn't made of
mushroom that's been spent 30-years
you've given me a cake I think I think I
think I made some poor choices no this
has nothing to do with Pauline this has
nothing to do with Pauline I what I'm
saying is the city makes me happy and
she happens to be there also she did
throw me a party you ever thrown a party
oh my god he's falling asleep you invite
him into your castle and then you got
kidnapped
every fucking time you throw a party you
get kidnapped I'm starting to think
you're staging this because you want
attention peach does Daisy ever get
kidnapped that once rich I know I said
there's a bird there's a bird sleeping
on Mario that's adorable touches with
Hannah that is adorable
that's really great all right wake up
but I think we do owe it to peach to
save her here all right like you know we
started I'm starving
she's expecting us to say her like that
would be nice but you know no more after
this no more it's panic Mountain which
world you fall asleep a different bird
will land on you oh is it true that's
beautiful
that's beautiful I love it what's up
with that green screen why was it
popping in every once in a while again
journey around you there's some I mean
there's some schmutz right here there's
a wedding diverter is that way normally
on Oh sometimes that lights on see if I
fix it
sometimes that lights I don't know if
it's always on
we're brighter now yeah I think that fix
it oh yeah all right we can either go to
the seaside Kingdom or the snow Kingdom
and because I don't want to deal with
ice bullshit I'm gonna go to the seaside
Kingdom this is marios specifically not
a galaxy get one planet only one planet
just get the one planet yeah
something that's earth-like but not
really earth that's interesting we got a
moon this is interesting also where's
the Mushroom Kingdom
these are a lot of different kingdoms
here the last one you get - where's the
game start in the Hat in the cap kingdom
here the game starts in the cap Kingdom
not in the mushroom the game starts
you're already aboard Bowser's flying
ship really yeah
what and he's like he's like and like
he's in his tux and peaches in her
wedding dress already and like she's are
like they've gotten so tired with the
whole kidnapping thing they don't even
show the kidnapping anymore Wow yeah
she's already kidnapped and and we just
we just get what we fall down into the
Hat into the cat Kingdom huh why is it
all the kingdom where's my Republic's
technically the metropolis Kingdom had a
mayor and not a queen so that might be
some sort of democracy but but you know
this is a whole different planet
true blue review says hey guys super
late to the stream hi
she just wanted to say that the
Halloween special was amazing
who would you say was more drunk Jack or
Mike also your mother's a bitch are you
for real
hey mama's a bitch
mother's a bitch John ha ha ha that was
such a special moment in the screening
room that hard cut to him already
standing up Rosen he comes and he walks
around he looks like a proper old-school
man British guy had a handlebar no yes
he looks like it's going to talk like
this and I walked upstairs
you might as a bitch she said nothing
angry or violent before that moment and
I was the most drunk regrettably so I'm
going to do my very best not to get that
drunk again yeah once a year it's fine
yeah once ok they're not gonna think
you're a drunkard I is that whether they
think I'm a drunkard it's whether I am
bitch like I gotta get I gotta go I
gotta do a best doors hold on I gotta
get drunk first right you know we don't
want that to happen that's not happening
don't worry about it no why no newb
kemper 89 says love the space quest
stream yeah fun brought me so much
happiness which is kind of depressing
oh yeah that's not your problem
did you guys ever watch are you afraid
of the dark episode one from season 5
freaked me out
I was 35 when that show started coming
out no I know I don't know how old I
wasn't it started coming out but I don't
know that I did watch it so growing up I
did not have cable so so I didn't watch
many many cable programs
this might look weird to to you people
at home this game features Rumble
sections to find moons eat your battery
for no particularly good reason
I hate rumble and so you have to you
have to like find where there and it's
like localized Rumble and so like right
now that it's rumbling more on my right
side and as I move more to the right it
starts rumbling more on both of them
until it's like dead center under you
like right ah bad guys chat I I
graduated high school in 95 so if are
you afraid of the dark came out in 94 I
was either depending on when in 94 it
came out it was either a junior or a
senior Pokemon is a baby's thing to make
all right get him up got him um pokey
your pokémon's pokemons is even too
young for me didn't stop me from playing
it but then again I didn't see that
That moment when Rich graduates it's
cool before you were born
gun jack will never visit that room and
interact with that snail again that's
probably true yeah that's probably true
why would I know maybe something fun
happens yeah they'll never know I'm here
you know what I'm here for I'm here from
fucking moons that's all I care about is
moons so that's now gonna give me
anymore moons than I don't give a fuck
see these snails are gonna help me get
moons I don't know I'm here from moons
which at the only way I can I can stop
aging as if I died and I'd rather that
didn't happen so no you failure a big
fucking failure
you can't you can't even get in music
notes when they're in a straight fucking
line except I got him that time
come on
future society will only allow people to
live to 20 years of age then strangle
them to death live on stream says tofu
ace and I'm gonna say tofu ace are you
familiar with a little movie called
Logan's Run haha move it up ten years
and that's that's actually the plot of
Logan's Run I'm gonna turn it's a great
movie oh it's a great movie I do people
know about Logan's running they don't
they don't okay review it's a motive
some kind of post-apocalyptic society
but it's thriving post lock post my for
elliptic society they figured out
they've built this like civilization
underground and they're like this dome
and I guess one of the way they keep
people from using too many resources is
they've made it a thing that you are put
to death when you turn 30 but they make
it like a ceremony mailing a thing well
and not only that before then you live a
life of whatever you want
yes so like fun life before that like
Logan lives in a beautiful city he can
call up like like they they have they
have tinder they have fucking sex tinder
where he's looking through ladies and
then they get teleported to your room
for sex stuff there's a whole city
dedicated to being a violent psychopath
that's like an adjacent bubble and if
all you want to do is like be violent
and murder people you can live there and
you murder and be violent and do
whatever you want right but then as soon
as you turn 30 yeah except for away they
don't know that right because there is
so let's think it's got a reincarnation
thing right right got a carousel they do
the ceremony and they're all vaporized
that's what they find out later is that
you're vaporized yeah but oh
Logan's runs a great movie holds up
holds up surprisingly well for for an
older sci-fi movie starring um Oh who's
that guy from the 70s I don't know its
name
okay so do you remember Austin Powers
the guy who plays Basel exposition yeah
yeah back in the day when he was making
movies like that
Riz no sanctuary no sanctuary I've said
that a few times on stream and if you're
horribly confused that's referencing
something from Logan's Run
I love Logan's Run I love Logan's Run -
we're gonna do something about that
we're gonna do something about that cos
garnet
the earth looked okay though that's
because Logan and run is probably taking
place centuries after the apocalypse
actually happened yeah in fact like the
whole the the great thing about Logan's
Run is there is a whole bunch of movie
after the movie like the the entire
third act of that I like I don't want to
spoil Ike I don't want to spoil it I
don't want to tell you too much because
I mean even though it's a movie from the
70s and yeah okay so you should you
should definitely see it it can echo
some strange unexpected places no one
want to check just it's just the way
they live now right and and you know
again there's this lie that's told to
them they don't know anything about the
outside world
right like conceptually they don't
really understand it right right right
yeah that's great it's a beautiful this
is the wonderful moment when they do
find their way outside and I think trees
what the fuck's a tree what's all this
green shit right right oh it's beautiful
it's a beautiful movie also like the
basic survival kind of like they don't
know what like food is outside of their
city because they get it so readily it's
it's a great it's a it's a great little
monster as metaphor movie why would I go
outside when I'm living insects city
because they put you to death at 30 but
it's kind of working I bet some people
would be like I'm okay with this as
great
excuse you
oh my god the hat store is on the back
of a giant floating dinosaur I'm happy
oh look at that I could be oh that's a
great outfit do I haven't I can buy that
yeah
I'm buying it I'm wearing it now this is
high frauds love the return of drunk
jack and the new best of the worst rich
I've recently been playing XCOM - thanks
- and love it but the alien rulers are
pissing me off
what's your opinion / advice the alien
rulers ah the Covenant that's one of the
DLCs I i I've only ever played that that
recently with the new excuse idea I
didn't play any of the DLC until the
last expansion came out I figured I'd
wait till they're done and then I'll
just play up with all the ship sure so
my my solution would be just don't
activate the alien rulers until you get
better weaponry or if you don't like
them just just turn that option off when
you start a new game and it says DaVinci
is this dlc yeah dad just say just say
no
you can do that
my next time - yeah yeah you turn the
individual DLCs off if you don't wanna
play with them and the expansion oh I
don't know if that's normal it's
probably pretty normal probably looks
like they want to bring flood back rich
look if this is our second mmm no second
leg you know they got a soft spot for
flood it's like just give me flood this
is just a less when you call it a less
competent flood
a true-blue review says I've been saying
this ever since the game came out she
wears cool outfits she's not a damsel in
distress
she has actual political power and she
sings mayor Pauline is better than
Princess Peach you know I'm just I'm
gonna I'm gonna fill out agree with you
I don't think this is a controversial
statement I think this is actually
Nintendo floating by the idea of
ditching peach let's see how the fans
deal with this oh here we go that's why
there's a shooting more there we go
World Series is not tied at 77
it sounds like an exciting fucking game
a little bit sad I thought it was gonna
be an off night tonight no world series
for Ritchie oh sorry that's all right
it's all right
I'm very sorry rich Princess Peach and
needs Mario yeah but does Mario need her
exactly exactly there is something
called a codependent relationship where
one party is dependent on the other and
you know that doesn't work well cocoa
means they feed off each other Mario's
getting nothing out of us no peach is a
codependent peach needs I think we just
just dependent maybe I'm getting my
codependents like a bad feedback where
you both reinforce bad habits in the
other oh I thought codependency is when
one party is dependent on having another
party English is a fucking bad language
peach needs therapy I think so Oh whoo
hava man rich is right jack is wrong
okay it's two people to hang out they do
drugs but if they didn't hang out
together they probably wouldn't do the
drugs and something they do because
they're together they read they the bad
bed things reinforced okay that's
codependent I'm okay with that I'm okay
being wrong the water pressure was
stronger it could probably launch us all
right so does that mean I know what that
means but huh how do I do clear fish
up-up-up fish so yeah so basically peach
is dependent peach is dependent on Mario
and that's not fair for Mario he's just
like a parasite yeah and that's not fair
to Mario no it's not it's really not
that means Mario is doing all the heavy
lifting in the relationship and
eventually that's gonna burn you out so
Pete you know like that's that though
okay
why doesn't Mario at this point just
killed Bowser just murder him just mert
well murder Bowser hmm I mean he's a
stalker he won't stop it's dangerous
yeah you just have to kill Bowser that's
that's tough you know mark maybe maybe
Mario has a Batman ask no kill code well
you know get over a dude I mean I agree
with you but look quite frankly I enjoy
Batman but he should have killed the
Joker this is yeah you should have done
this yeah he keeps getting out and he's
gonna keep doing what he's doing you
know what needs to happen Batman some
sometimes Batman like there's just a bad
egg I wasn't that I was looking at I was
looking that we're done lady oh my I
can't believe that something didn't hit
me
but I don't want to be judge jury and
executioner
well alright does it make any sense that
Joker's in Arkham Asylum
he's a crazy person so was Jeffrey
Dahmer they didn't put him in asylum the
serial killers who are really dangerous
it seems like the court system kind of
turns a blind eye and ignores the whole
insanity things you're because these
people are too dangerous lock him up
somewhere more secure sure yeah I'm with
you because the cava cast a but well of
course that's the real reason but the
truly insane killers never seemed to be
innocent virtue of insanity they always
go to actual jail yeah so I'm gonna say
in the real world the Joker never would
have made a dark asylum
probably not
uh-oh group that I'm with you you guys
know all about Dahmer living in
Milwaukee
I was just that was national news for
one and secondly it was it was kind of
news at the time the fact that he didn't
get off on the insanity plea I remember
people on TV news saying well if
Dahmer's not insane who the hell is ha
which by the way is a fair question all
right yeah it was it was somewhat
controversial that he was not ruled
insane
sure and and then made even more so
controversial by him being killed in
prison what days after he got there
Sears I think well yeah he lasted a
while there's more than one interview
with him from prison oh yeah yeah he
found Jesus Jack now he did he did he
did what yeah he did oh geez Oh Dahmer
found Jesus in prison that made it all
okay of course well he's been a model
prisoner we're gonna let him out earlier
what yep nice been he's doing a really
great job here if we even found Jesus we
figure it was good behavior he'll be out
in a couple years well he really liked
the idea of the Eucharist you mean the
body of Christ I appreciated that
as terrible it was great
I only had peach
Simas lupa says hey guys next weekend
we're going to Florida for my cousin's
wedding
okay I've been looking forward to it but
the last time I went to Florida was the
election so if anything terrible happens
my bad sorry okay well good great I'll
branson's guys and I got nothing to say
about the election god dammit he that
Florida that's he's part talking mm he's
probably talking he's probably talking
now Bush versus Gore yeah - they must go
a bit further ahead out who's more of a
monster Dumber or Ed Gein's
I don't think gaines killed that many
people I think most of the body parts
they found in his place he dug up from
the local cemetery I think ed Gein's
only killed a handful of people oh yeah
yeah I'll be honest I don't know that
much about Ed Gein's whenever they say
it inspired by a true story for some got
a serial killer movie like Texas
Chainsaw Massacre they're referencing Ed
Gein's
sighs I am sorry about your story ed
games Tim Jackson is good it's bad about
your story ed Gein's great gangs net
gains or whatever I mean I'm sorry I
don't have I don't sorry I don't know
how to properly pronounce the serial
killers babe yeah get it together Dahmer
had a higher body count eight people and
Eve ezel he was trying to literally make
a sec Sambi he killed people because he
was drilling into their brains he was
trying to do some kind of lobotomy type
thing to them where they wouldn't they
wouldn't be dead but they wouldn't they
wouldn't be able to think or do anything
on their own either he was trying to
make a literal sex zombie that's a fact
yeah it was fucked up Dahmer is the
bigger monster yeah that's like super
fucked
like I don't want to pass judgment on
anyone but that's kind of fucked like
rich I'm not here to kink shame anyone
but I'm gonna go ahead and say that you
know making literal sex on bees might be
wrong come on man you wouldn't take sex
on B no no listen man have you had sex
you usually the other person has to do
something that's not it sounds horrible
does that horrible
it'd be like masturbating with a much
bigger hand come on come on man
get it together I'm moving away from
this that sounds like bragging I love
rain says guys I'm sorry but you're
leaving out the obvious reason why Mario
sticks with peach over Pauline okay she
must do everything in the bedroom anyway
keep up the good work I highly doubt it
peach she's about kisses and cake man
kisses a cake man she's like a six year
old she's got the mind of a child yeah I
bet that's what Mario thought going into
this but but she's a tiger behind closed
doors nope it's the mousy ones
it's the mousy ones that'll always do it
and then you know she she kept up with
his kisses and cake bangin Mario like oh
shit why do you think Daisy kept coming
on the trips like no no you know let's
bring Daisy on this trip let's go let's
go skiing with Daisy
that's saying that maybe peach is a
secret lesbian what's the proof there's
nothing that's just saying that's why
she's hanging out with Daisy all the
time oh oh she like it's her it's her
thought to hang out Daisy yeah yeah all
right Daisy I don't believe this peaches
sister they need this Daisy is just the
princess of an entirely different
Kingdom right Daisy is the princess from
Super Mario Land for the games
yes yeah also she showed up in Mike
Mario Golf and Mario Kart that's where I
think most people know her from right
I'm trying to get above his head damn
ass hat that alert says sorry guys for
all the South Park jokes but there's a
new South Park game out heaven body x2
the price hey did you know PS on the ps4
you can play DC Universe Online for free
but you fucks what no
rebel bases hey guys stranger things
made me go to get dragon's lair on my
veto haha just wondering if you had any
experience with the game and are you
looking forward to the movie being
animated by the original animators a
movie might be cool but as a game it was
always crap it was the animation gimmick
it's the original fucking awful
QuickTime fest that's true that's true I
think a lot of people look back on
Dragon's Lair with kinder eyes than it
deserves right i manly dragon they're
sucked camp yeah you know for the time
it was like yeah visually really
impressive but I'm with you I am with
you
it was good for its time know it most
games look like pac-man and Dig Dug and
then he have something with his dumb
Bluth animation and that was
mind-blowing but didn't really realize
it wasn't actually a game right and
that's the thing was people people are
forgetting that the game itself was not
much of a game
fiery dog poop says oh by the way I'm
gonna go back a second yeah talking
about there being dragon's lair movie in
the worst you don't know there's a TV
show right
no I doze in animated dragon star
cartoon show for one season really yeah
when eighties eighties of course
eighties alright I did not know that I
think I think they played up the gimmick
like commercial break what should Dirk
do next like in the game hahaha oh
that's a great idea
I might be remembering this wrong I
think they would show like the different
options like if you had chosen poorly so
it was kind of like the game Oh fun but
I could I could be misremembering that
part that's fun fiery dog poop says just
join the stream yeah please play longer
probably man stranger things episode 7
was amazing
Jack please graces with a drunk Jack
stream rich I really love the dull blade
joke Jay really killed it I just like
that bit know I listen when I solo
stream from home you guys know I
sometimes have a little beer and then I
when I'm not with other people it's just
me slowly talking slower and slurring my
speech that's not fun for anyone that's
why I usually stop streaming
so no we probably won't get a drunk jack
so long a stream or a drunk jack stream
because then you know the other option
if it's not a if it's not a drunk jack
solo stream then it's a drunk jack
regular stream with rich here and then
rich just has to deal with my drunk ass
come on that's not very fair to rich
Auto flood Jill later flagellated auto
fledge later since a rich three quick
trick question trick questions okay one
true or false Neelix is the Jar Jar
Binks of Trek - what is your take on
Reginald Barclay 3 what do you think is
responsible for the creative creative
stagnation post D ace ds9
true but nowhere near severe love me
some berkeley and probably Rick Berman
but I don't really know I wasn't behind
the scenes Neelix is the Jar Jar yeah
fecal dripping says what's your opinion
on Soylent Green and that's great -
sandwich I'll tell you what I'll just
need it right out of jar but you know I
mean I'm trying to cut carbs sell
was it was it wasn't served in a jar was
certainly Green was a guy I thought tile
not a paste right
I you know what here here's a little
cinema confession time I've never seen
Soylent Green I think a lot of people
haven't I I know that it is people it's
one of those things that was the the
twist was was greater than the movie
inside oh yeah I tracked Jex's hi
Richard Jack hello great stream Mario
honestly looks fun would you consider
playing the room on stream it's a short
fun puzzle game that looks great and
could be completed in one evening I
enjoyed him know the plans to not even
familiar with it I know the puzzle games
have necessarily made for the best
dreams but yeah that could just be the
eleventh guest fall wasn't the 7th guest
I don't
Oh
but my root key mede issue says first
tip okay I'm away to the theater to see
thor ragnarok in 25 minutes you guys
planning to see it hey maybe if Kyra
wants to
I'll go see it I plan it yeah if Karen
doesn't want to I won't really have
anyone to go with
you can go me I'll go watch it with you
I like that door it smells like a nag
mica J to go with on the and the viewing
they're probably going to have for an
episode that will likely happen right
right
now get a moon I gotta hit it 15 times
damn damn it damn it let's play what
fine I don't wanna I don't wanna
about that
sound of mousetrap says white an IDI
gaind turn the thermostat up so the
furniture wouldn't get goosebumps I get
it ah nothing like a little dark humor I
love dark humor that's fine joke it's
fine joke
absolutely
Chad didn't I say Ed Gein before and
then people corrected me somebody needs
to make up their mind and now they're
saying it's game yeah yeah you people
there's no pleasing you
excuse me excuse me fish true-blue
review and I'm caught up after this this
one what in general is your overall
opinion of the game so far would you say
this is a deciding factor game for the
switch and do you think the game is too
easy to get through a deciding game
factor for this way like breath of the
wild right yes you want more than one
this is does this tip it over
mmm it's another it's it's a game that
you can only get on the switch
right right so that that helps whereas
like breath of the wild for a lot of
people they still have their Wii U so it
doesn't matter here's my early review
and so we've been streaming this for
four hours so I have approximately six
hours into the game right right not a
whole lot so far my early review is yes
it's too easy okay
I'm not necessarily getting the
enjoyment that I got out of isn't that
every Mario game no like Super Mario
Sunshine I loved and I thought that
galaxy the challenge of galaxy was
amazing and oh yeah well like just the
whole like three-dimensionality of going
around on you're on the you know sure
like up is down everything is fine
gimmick oh sure
gotta find some water it was a fine
gimmick and the worlds were great and I
felt no I I felt that there was a decent
challenge in in in galaxy but again
Galaxy had a system that encouraged that
wasn't as open world II collectathon II
as this you know galaxy have its stages
its curated stages and it's our water
meter there's a water meter well there's
a bubble that I'm in you see it's
smaller bubble gets smaller and so I
fill up with water I see I see
which is what gets tricky over here cuz
I got to get it all the way through here
but I can't game is too easy dies in the
same spot right first of all yeah you
know they're assholes Jack you know this
I do
whoa what's down here what was I just
supposed to get down here
they're saying you think it's too easy
because you're only getting the easy
moons and you're skipping or missing the
hard ones yeah but really thinks reason
things and I'm very early in on it I'm
not this is my six hours in impression
you know very very early notices what
does Edie gain heaviness cookie jar
ladyfingers since no more of a Dahmer
joke that wouldn't be lady fingers so
that's not a Dahmer joke I think I don't
think jeans did the cannibalism thing he
had like furniture and whatnot yeah I
don't think he he liked playing with
body parts I don't know that he was
eating them oh shit oh shit I pressed
the wrong button
yeah I don't think eating people is his
thing and Dahmer wouldn't have lady
fingers right he would have handsome boy
pictures and fingers
try getting momentum and jumping while
in the enclosed canal using the last
straightaway
once it Ed Gein said the police when
they arrested him
have a heart yeah it works that works so
we ever given any thought to streaming
on the upcoming date I have a thought
you ever thought I have a thought I
don't want I might see about it but not
after we're done screaming okay we
should probably announce it that's what
I have a thought that's why I have a
farm unit
Oh hold on wait muted again Oh God hey
everybody
so episode 7 was the best episode you
see clearly I just watched it right now
and it is clearly the best episode I'm
stealing her I'm stealing that from
somebody in chat who said we were
probably talking about episode 7 and I
feel bad but it was too good I had to
use it
DJ Damon I stole your joke
I'm a dick DJ Damon okay so I need to
throw my hat and then dive on it maybe
let me see if I can practice this over
here
how do I throw my hat and then dive on
it I got to practice this manoeuvre can
you do like a secondary jump after you
throw your hat like a regular jump no I
don't believe self no it's gonna be one
of those emotion control things as an
edit you can dive on it when you exit a
possession so can you throw the hat then
do you jump up once you leave the
possession throw the Hat and then jump
out of the body and then dive you can't
throw the hat when you're possessed
because I can I can I can n exit
possession yeah see lookin if I dive on
it I didn't do anything
spin spinning that's a good trick
spinning I can dive spinning is always a
good trick I dive you gotta be lined up
with the hat exactly I feel bad for the
squid
yeah the squid is having a bad day right
now just getting repossessed over and
over again see look at that I just
thought I'd ov and then that watch what
happens look at this yeah
first of all that's weird oh come on
Mario get it together obviously this is
Mario's fault and not my own what thank
you
he's trickier than it looks
just ignore the gold rings down there
and stay high in the corridor so you
don't waste juice on vertical climb
that's probably true
still need a little vertical climb here
can't you land for a bit and walk before
you jump and do it again ah hmm got
another moon why can't you land on the
purple stuff down there and just walk a
bit no the purple stuff is an instant
instant death an instant death but I got
it that's all that matters I got it yeah
I just needed to ignore those coins but
you want those coins lunch lunch yeah
even for Mario like maybe if it maybe if
it like was more realistic graphing but
graphics but it's more you don't think
it matters that much yeah I did it you
know this is a children's game right
Jackie yeah as fine everything's fine
there we go
I did it isn't that all that matters yes
the answer is yes
playing this made me realize how much
did ring there is on the switch how much
did ring sure so worth buying a switch
for this in Zelda Zelda
if you've held out now this long already
well you can just wait for the price of
the switch to come down here okay
this if you don't have a Wii U the
switch is worth zelda okay is what I'm
gonna say okay Zelda is a fucking
amazing game I keep forgetting you can
get Zelda on the Wii U right
I keep forgetting that if you do not
have a Wii U it is worth getting us
which for fucking Zelda alone and there
is enough other games on the switch now
to justify your purchase this I don't
know I'm not I'm not there yet
well I love Rabbids X come but I assume
most people don't give a fuck about that
hmm yeah I don't know I don't know how
popular that game was outside of me it
hit that it hit that rich Evans market
and if you also don't own a wii-u that's
right you can get Mario Kart 8 which is
fantastic stardew valley on mobile but
you might have that already on PC or on
Xbox one or on ps4 because it's on
fucking everything
it's like when the shadows and objects
is weird cube looking pattern them oh
that might have just bent like in this
game if I go in front of something they
do that that's not dithering that's just
like seeing through them but dithering
does look like that is where they kind
of approximate colors in order to save
space but you might be talking about
this when something gets in between
Mario and the camera it like makes it
more invisible is that what you meant by
dithering
I'm done
Oh
ah my knees oh my knees my old man knees
rich they're bent too much and now my
old man knees hurting I'm sorry rich
rich I'm sorry my knees nothing I can do
about your fucking knees rich my knees
my everything Jack I'm a little bit
older than you that's true I have more
pain yeah it's probably true put my
knees okay now is the point of the
stream in which we thank and all of the
people who have subscribed to us during
this stream much like voodoo mama Ganza
and I last 1984 / s 429 fucking months
in a row
Amos L clay no one says thanks for
continuing to do this Jimmy Jam every
week whoop
Jimmy jams that's the thing was dead you
know what it's making a comeback it's
making a comeback future future J who
says happy two-month anniversary are we
going steady
you know what takes longer than a couple
months man bo bottom is dead for good
well there ever be a day when
bell-bottoms come back of course are you
sure about that of course they came back
once they'll come back again that was
the death gasp no it made a bay they
made a big comeback what are we now
we're like right now we're doing
eighties comeback right we're doing
high-waisted high-waisted tall butts
yeah well we moved on from the 70s yeah
on it's gone other things are going to
come back so what's its gonna take
another 20 30 years for bell-bottoms to
come back kids wearing flannel hoodies
will come back yeah before the bell
bottom does it's already happening rich
it's already funny they're already into
flannel what Jeany flannel and yoga
pants
Paisley Fontaine big fat man
873 for 19 months in a row Lucas Ducas
for 25 fucking months in a row
if visa says drunk jack during best of
the worst is best Jack glad I could
entertain I'm glad I could be your
drunken munkey Lucky Strikes
Gabe Lee Nicki hunter Crisis Core 14 I
think that's supposed to be Chris is
core crisis core 14 if you want you want
you want words to stand out not run
together into a mess you got to start
capitalizing some of them Creek odds
damn or score 12 10 who says best of the
worst was great again last week Jack
thanks for getting a drunk on screen
again keep up the great work
listen my liver can only handle that
every so often so I'm glad you enjoyed
it
I thought it you know what I thought it
was really funny episode no I was good I
was I was a little worried that the the
Weinstein jokes weren't gonna play they
played very well I was happy about that
yeah you're gonna be fine I knew it well
you know it's just you know it's one of
those like when we filmed it it was like
right as it was happening but then of
course took a couple weeks to edit so
like it had enough room to breathe for
me but now it's good the whole episode
episode was great jokes jokes can't get
too dark Jack it's no and it's my mind
it is my my always appropriate making
fun of assholes
captain tolerable the blue prism who
says yay
rusty Winchester budget Messiah for 17
months in a row who instructs us all to
do the Mario Hyuk nub purple drank brown
Adam Sandler says love you guys and
you're streaming goat
Nuuk I think that's go at nuke let's go
at newb Jack go at nuke you know
everything to crisis let's go add new go
at nuke Parliament Bab a tungee mono
plasma colossal nimble Universal
reckless 437 motherfucking months in a
row and wek list says I can't believe it
been over three years thank you for your
continuous entertainment out of
curiosity has there ever been a best of
the worst recording that got completely
thrown out in production or anything
similar I have a good one guys there's
one the notorious you know you don't say
this cuz I'm just gonna ask to sit if
they can never see it I know yeah
there's no other reason other vintage it
was just terrible like there was so bad
nothing was funny that was the problem
we want a we watch three movies and we
got nothing out of it we went through
and we knew it as soon as we were done
recalling the discussion we knew it
immediately liked this episode sucks
they tried editing something together
and it sucked so it's it's never seen
before you don't say anything don't say
anything
no Galax in the eye for 13 months in our
own
CAPITAL LETTERS guys Lucy did his nuts
to who see did s nuts right like there's
no way like there's no way this is a
word that makes these are words that
make sense
footage was destroyed in a fire chat
over there it's gone gone forever
Oh Tiberius cared for twenty six fuckin
months addresses Richard Jack I I know
it's too late to really discuss but what
would be your ideal new Star Trek series
within the realm of production
possibilities so no Nimoy alive again no
$100 mil a mil per app budgets that's
yeah that's not a good end of the street
question I mean just to answer as
quickly as possible
I am I am the the series I like the most
is next gen so something as close to
that optimism and exploration to next
gen as possible that's what I want
wasn't Voyager just kind of that only so
burnt-out it was awful yeah but
something well written I'm just I'm
saying though isn't that what went wrong
with Voyager because they were trying to
do the same thing but they just
overplayed it and I got burn out of
stale and know because Voyager was
promised v8 different things along with
that Voyager was trying to be TNG when
it should have been doing something a
little bit different a little bit
riskier wrong a little bit more daring
but see that was it it it trying to be
TNG wasn't the problem it was trying to
be TNG while also trying to be risky
while also trying to you know be a
survival thing but it's not really about
survival it was certainly a mistake if
you're just gonna go do ste ng style
stories it was a mistake does it have
your pilot B we're stranded on the other
side of the galaxy of course all these
crew they might not get along but then
they do and we're just gonna go on these
same adventures you've been watching for
eight years yeah that was a mistake -
right I'm not saying that I'm just
saying if you you're saying you want
more TNG but didn't they already burn
that formula no voy a Voyager could have
been a good adaptation they just they
just cocked it okay okay I want more I
want more exploration more wonder and
positivity where are we we are sir Deng
cthe of wail lady Denning for 23 months
in a row says happy Halloween everyone
hello Hoffy Halloween Halloween space
alien super cocaine for 18 months in a
row says speaking of spoilers changing
the film reactions because I didn't know
Peter Cushing was dead he looked like
they D aged him to me rather than
completely unbelievable
I just looked like completely
unbelievable to me and I guess I thought
it was a terrible effect even I'm even
sorry even if you thought they'd just D
aged him then wouldn't you go wow they
really made him look like a cartoon not
like a real person and that d aging
process that doesn't change any of my
feelings on Peter Cushing he looks like
a fucking cartoon true true enough no it
still looks bad yeah like even if it's
even if he's alive and just being the
off switch for 22 fucking months in a
row says the fact Richa is a normal guy
next to the cartoony jack is kind of
messing with my immersion in this stream
hahaha where is the internal logic with
rich and I are different people than we
are know the fat will of Mariano in this
comparison way do you wait no I'm
cartoony this is they're saying sure
maybe the cartoonish Mario one next to
you something you see they I think it's
the chat that gets confused because
sometimes I'm the normal one and you're
the cartoony one and sometimes you're
the kerreri you're the normal one and
I'm the cartooning okay so really the
chat needs to get it together busy we're
blaming the chat for everything that has
ever gone
wrong with any one of her stream it's
true that's true up to and including
being wrong about the stranger things
season 2 episode 7 which is quite
frankly amazing I mean cuz I watched it
during the little break there it's
really great I knew people hate that
episode it was a great episode
give me like give me like two days and
I'll be able to tell you Melek 47 my
chase gaming one says who has the best
lasagna in Milwaukee boys I know how I
know this you know yes I do I can tell
you okay give me one night you give me
one moment as I don't know the name of
it but I know where it is so I gotta
look it up on the maps okay there there
is legitimately a place in Milwaukee not
in the City of Milwaukee but in the
county area yeah in the Greater
Milwaukee area that has the best fucking
lasagna you will ever eat and if you
give me one moment I will be able to
find that for you where is it it's like
it's like here it's in West Allis I want
to say it's in West Allis search
that's it that's it right there Khepri
de novo oh this is it this is exactly
it's called Capri de novo CA PRI Capri
di n uo vo and it's on the corner of
Beloit and 84th they have the best
fucking lasagne I have ever eaten it
will ruin you
it is a lasagna that is like a brick of
cheese and sauce and meat and it's the
most delicious kept buried then wave oh
I love it is the best lasagna in
Milwaukee na ba ba ba ba ba la I'm a
more debatable Betty Boop be alright now
back to the thinking Cherie and mine
fecal drippings grandma turkin to says
for months okay hero Jen 6 for 14 months
in a row says the girlfriend and I loved
the way Jack says dickhead that is all
all right
zanko for 13 months in roses just had
the one chip challenge perky coralina
Reaper and my stomach and everything was
killing me you guys tried anything like
that I don't even know what the fuck
this is
it's a one chip challenge also just beat
Super Metroid Jack what's your favorite
Metroid and how the 3d one play the fan
one well that's like 18 questions they
managed to sneak in there and literally
the last four minutes the stream just
say yes yes no yes no yes mate okay
favourite Metro Super Metroid maybe
Metroid Fusion is pretty good 3d I
suppose it's alright I've been enjoying
it haven't finished it because it played
out the game's fan one no EMP corrupt
the vine says hi rich and Jack any plans
to see Justice League when it comes out
any interest at all I'll probably see it
for work my only interest in seeing the
movie is a purely academic interest
seeing what Joss Whedon has done with
the normal kind of dour blue depressing
Zack Snyder material there are two very
different pressures and it is it will be
fascinating to me to see if we can see
the difference so my only interest is
intellectual academic academic yes yeah
no I like that - that's funny let's see
here the blue review for 12 months in a
row got to keep that Mario up there got
a bird on his nose yeah he's got a burn
on his half who says a whole fucking
year I love this game and I'm glad to be
watching you hacks play on my 12 months
subbed keep up the amazing work and
here's to another year thank you thank
you and Jay Blake
Khanna kawase and how can we do this
wrong every time you've got this you've
got this rich what are we doing wrong
what do you mean what's the part we get
wrong where there's mispronunciation
that happens every time now for this one
this one's just know this oh this one's
El Pollo damn it by la diabla usually we
end up saying El Pollo but hello and I
guess I'm Paula once and it was still
supposedly wrong at Apollo maybe oh ho
ho yo that's what it is the Toyo Diablo
2 l's in Spanish is yes and boyo Diablo
Diablo 7 we remember it correctly just
13 months in row says hey guys thanks
for the good times did we remember it
and pull yeah pull yo boyo we did it
we got there eventually chat settle down
taco Fox for 13 months in a row
Smith e15 a horrible glories for 35
fucking months in a row and a horrible
glories says thank you and good night
Derek Lloyd as a slight buzzing capital
letters to differentiate different words
it's very important as light buzzes
English as light buzzing yes light
buzzing that's I'm saying your name now
you didn't capitalize shit I just looks
like a smear fucking letters I don't
know where one word begins in the next
ends as less light buzzing who says my
Leoben veggies 64 for 18 months in a row
and rectal wizardry
