Dawn of Zelda's Twilight (part 1)
May 3, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DfYSClMJOzw

well the problem I can't I can't do
everything no you can and I should have
you know the problem is if you don't
update chatty the email that it sends
out to everyone like says whatever game
we were playing last yeah yeah so right
now well I guess it just says well no
still says we're playing stirred in so
we are not playing stirred in anymore
though
no I assess people in the chat want X
come here still I've since breath of the
wild I've been playing some of the older
Zelda's mm-hmm that's that's where my
head is so I'm sorry viola is this
Twilight Princess or Twilight Princess
HD HD boom this is the ouya version the
world Wii U version the Wii U how is
this possible it's true we are we're on
time we --is-- we are on time ish rich
wanted to play some twilight princess a
fine video game that's full of
incredible bullshit moments you you have
the problem twilight princess I find as
I replay this you have to get through a
lot of shit a whole fucking metric ton
of shit before the game opens up yeah
and it's still linear yes I enjoy linear
isn't inherently bad linear that linear
is not inherently bad the clue the
question we were asking ourselves though
is can you come back for breath of the
wild what's you what do you want out of
a zelda game is the question yeah you
want to explore you want exploration of
course when they tell you you're a dog
and the tail you got to go to this area
and then tell you you have to find the
things you have to collect all 14 it's
just tedious and annoying and awful yes
the dog section suck dog sections suck
and you know what replaying it more
force dog sections than I remembered
oh god yeah and they're all right up
front yeah like before like you don't
enter a new area and overtake its wonder
as link you enter a new area in the
black greatness of a dog then eventually
you get past the dog areas though yeah
and this game gets a lot better the Ivan
I've been actually going back to a lot
of the handheld is elbow yeah I've been
replaying minish cap which is adorable
it's just an adorable game if you follow
the Zelda timeline no I don't it's it's
technically the first one in the Zelda
timeline before Skyward Sword oh well I
came out it came up before Skyward Sword
so I don't know how it's been updated
since but it's the one but it's the one
that establishes that the hero of time
has a green hat okay because before that
one he the hero did not have a green hat
and it's the minish cap that's the green
hat you see it's literally a backstory
for how they here why the hero has a
green cap and it's a little happen don't
have you doesn't have the Master Sword
oh yeah
well then it's after Skyward Sword well
it's not called the Master Sword no no
it's called the Minish sword because
then it's a different sword
maybe it's called the Minish blade yeah
and then it's a different sort
okay so Casteel could be before Skyward
so sure theoretically dish stir in the
chat thinks this is the ugly link this
is like visually like my favorite link
Wow yeah Oh what is wrong with this it's
it's a green tunic but there's details
I love the the chainmail underneath yeah
the the the fact that I'm saying
to visually my favorite language who's
above this tune oh okay Toon Link
skywards the wind wind waker minish cap
link spirit tracks though that link is
so perfect Skyward Sword links kind of
blah hero of Time link well in the
original Oh
baki bar firown' am i right in phone 3d
it's not bad looking mm-hmm get let me
see his face I that's my problem with
this link is his face his face is fine
you know what you know what I don't like
rich I don't like elves okay I'm not a
big fan of Elvis and so that's what he
leads these enough he's a fucking hell
you know so visuals aside yeah what is
your favorite link well they don't have
much of a personality they don't right
I've talked about them just being an
outfit still agreed I mean overall my
favorite is is wind wing I wouldn't
blame you because that that like is
super ultra expressive he's super
expressive like he has a he has a
journey like Rumba the his initial quest
is just to save his sister you know and
like I can totally get down with like
it's so easy to empathize let's see
that's why I like Twilight Princess link
hmm he's not interested saving
princesses it starts out with two little
villagers look he's looking for the
village kids from the village girl yeah
it kind of got a thing exactly this is
the most down-to-earth link hmm maybe he
hangs out with the common people he is a
common he is a common people yes what
isn't one of the first like mini
missions herding sheep yeah I remember
correctly yes yeah yeah here of Time
link completely unrelated yep
grew up in like some weird all kid
village he grew up in a village full of
fairies and then he pulls out a sword
now he's 17 so he's like a 17 year old
with the mind of a ten-year-old
absolutely he is the most unrelatable
link oh ya know and like going through
like I just got through the beginning
section of minish cap too and it's just
it's the same shit where like the
princess gets kidnapped and all of a
sudden they're like we need someone to
go and talk to the mystical link you're
a kid you go
I'm goddamnit I paid them to fix the
bridge SEP different bridge what bridge
they fix I thought it was this one
I paid them to paint the paint I gave
them money okay uh jack my rich up has a
very important question it sounds like
they're asking it sarcastically but I
would like us to answer it honestly
what does question is oh shit who gives
a shit how relatable Lincoln nobody and
this isn't this isn't this doesn't make
the game super good that alone and see
what I would say is how relatable your
hero's journey is matters a whole lot
like you you want to care why you're
going on the mission don't you think
there's fun characters that aren't
relatable like how well do you relate to
Wolverine how well do you relate to
Batman I feel angry sometimes I feel
like I want to call people but if you're
not relatable you have to be interested
right agree and as we've already
established link is not necessarily
interesting right right and so there
there's only so far that the basic
hero's journey can take you like yeah
you got to save the princess in the
kingdom like that that only lasts so
long and so for for Wind Waker link
giving you a personal connection to one
of the NPC's goes a long way this is the
ripple effects it's been a long long
time since I played this game god damn
it I paid them to fix that bridge feel
like I want to cuz sometimes right like
and you know keep in mind Wolverine was
never meant to be a leading character
and I still haven't seen Logan but you
know Wolverine was part of an us
ensemble cast you were supposed to
relates more to Cyclops and Jean Grey as
them straight narrow and Wolverine was
the bad boy and that's why he worked in
the team kind of waste a ferry so I can
carry around some spring water on that
blows
I'm sorry I am too where's the spring
all the way in Kakariko village oh oh
that guy man some water
cracker Ricky Kikuko cracker Rucker
Village you know and you know what I
like I remember liking Twilight Princess
fondly when I first played I fondled it
when I first played it I liked it but
the first third I'm not sure how much of
the game it is with wordy and almost
horse dog sections are terrible awful
yeah I'll admit to that right now the
section I'm at in the game I'm fine
you're running around I'm doing what I
want to the most part don't you know
what I even you know I played the the
Wii version I even really liked the the
motion combo
I enjoyed that so yeah I dug it wasn't
as bad as Skyward Sword that's why we
learned that one to one sword swimming
probably not the best idea despite what
everyone thought yeah was an old comic
Wolverine kind of crude unintelligible
Bruton modern Wolverine is a crude
unintelligible brew that's that's a
stick well like I said you know remember
he's part of an ensemble he represents
you know the it'd right he's a a giant
walking dick oh so uh
I do like yeah I like to look at home
look at that guy he looks cool
he looks neat clothes great great
where were we naira says got a
recommendation for you guys check out
the turbo button YouTube channel best
way to describe it would be the folding
ideas equivalent for video games very
in-depth and interesting that sounds
great I do I really like that uh I did
not need to let that cherry out of the
bottle apparently I know that's right
you have to you have to carry the barrel
I remember the side mission I remember
this
if I come that is rich playing with the
Wii U tablet correct yeah cuz I like the
motion aiming yeah but uh for anyone who
hasn't seen it go watch of folding ideas
he has a YouTube channel very good very
good movie B constructions he did this
amazing piece on Suicide Squad and just
all of the flaws and how obvious they
are he has an amazing video on Man of
Steel and and why it's just the worst
representation of even what it's trying
to be what it's trying to be is a
terrible representation of Superman and
it fails at that bad representation a
great he has a really fantastic channel
I'm very sorry
no you happy I found something that I
really don't want oh that was a good oh
my god that's a good thing oh that
reminds me rich I need a reminder I know
I know what game we're doing for the
next first four hours up yeah yes I'm
not gonna tell oh my god it's very
exciting I need to make a little like
schedule a little reminder for when
we're done playing for when we're done
playing
folding ideas is too damn Canadian for
its own good
yeah very Canadian very very Canadian
what are you gonna do about it nothing
great okay no it is not wandering souls
I will tell you that it is it's it's it
looks like a fascinating fascinating
game that we can we can get some mileage
out for our first four hours of no I've
seen a couple episodes of workaholics
and it wasn't necessarily my thing but
so I don't want to work out what is for
Oklahomans it's a tell it's a comedy
program it's a comedy program on Comedy
Central that involve it's it's centers
around three pot heads who work a very
basic nine-to-five office job that
sounds boring it
it relies pretty heavily on on pot humor
and now Karen your timing it's just
fantastic and I you know didn't didn't
much care for it but I'm not getting
good timing is amazing I did much care
for it Karen so that one rich yeah I'm
at work I can't we just started the
stream I can't talk I can't talk I'm
sorry okay your tongue I get tell
everyone you said hi
okay she says hi to everybody
hey hi Karen huh yeah yeah I'm all right
I love you fence a jeweler
okay sorry no hey she was gonna keep
calling if I didn't do anything I know
her I know she wouldn't she wouldn't she
wouldn't thank all riches at work right
well he can't talk oh why isn't he
answering the phone
Oh would you through it where's the
sitting down option you you were moving
when you press the set of time can I say
how much I enjoy Midna Shh I thought
everything in this game was terrible huh
I thought everything in this game was
terrible and boring that's not what I
said at all the wolf sections are boring
well yes they are no she's a great
character she's a great character I
really fell in love with Midna on my
first play effort yeah there's the
stuffed love bunny pilot Twilight
Princess so there's a lot of bad but I'm
saying there's some good - I just said I
really like to come back that's quick
cambia I'm talking more about people on
the channel
oh sure more than you well not like you
know if I remember correctly and it's
been a while since I've played this I
remember trying to replay it recently
like not recently within the past like a
year or so because like my kids were
just starting to get into games and they
saw they saw the cover and there was
like Oh a game with the wolf and I was
like oh yes as a wolf and they were
really interested in that and they got
so bored they like left the room and
then I got bored and I was like a
fucking dog section suck yes dog section
suck they were filler that this game
didn't need but if I remember correctly
it was this the game with the two hook
shots
yes shout that was great the two hook
shots were great but the was this also
the one with the gear spinner yep and
that sucked I was pointless needed more
spaces two more opportunities to use it
I don't know it was fun to use sure but
you only use it in that dungeon
basically like it shouldn't better an
item it should you two spend something
in that dungeon right right that
would've made it okay but I made a less
disappointing
it's the game with the war you know what
what maybe it doesn't need a little slot
that it has to rotate in maybe you can
just use it like a like a skateboard
just anywhere like on any wall sure but
you know what that's too much like
breath of the wild they weren't ready
for it yet right they weren't ready for
you oh fucking hell speaking of is
everyone's super is everyone super hyped
for the breath of the wild DLC
I think it's a bad I don't I get it all
the people that have been clamoring for
it I'm a climber and for rich it's gonna
break the game it's going to make the
game what I want it's gonna be sword
spam yep
I'm gonna love it okay so if you haven't
heard they announced what the new what
the DLC for breath of the wild is going
to be a ton of new outfits like new
treasures scattered around I love it
that they were just like there's going
to be a treasure box somewhere it's like
new fun but they have a trial of the
heroes presumably in where you find the
Master Sword I can only assume but they
have a trial of the heroes which is
basically like a combat gauntlet and if
you can get all the way through the
gauntlet which is about 45 waves of
enemies you can get an unbreakable
Master Sword if you can go through all
the way through the trial to your Master
Sword will no longer lose its magic and
that is worth it for me to get the deal
no don't throw well it's very finicky
about when you're stopped yeah god
tingle deal yes and the tingle outfit
I'm totally getting it I'm gonna get the
DLC I am going to take on the challenge
of the hero and that is what is going to
allow me to explore the rest of it I
hope it is so fucking comically hard
that you can't define her out I can't no
I don't think it'll make me shave harder
then what's the point of anything
breaking anymore yeah exactly to use the
Master Sword all the time what's the
point of having other weapons nuts the
point of exploring to find other what I
was do this it's gonna it's gonna ruin
the game because of the whiners not the
whiners Jack but here's the thing rich
it's your choice whether you want to use
it for me
it will mean no more bullshit weapon
breaking I no longer have to worry about
that I can still find neat weapons I
just won't use them I just want the
durability upped that's all that's all
they needed to do just up the durability
and you fix the problem you don't need
to break your the game that you uh it's
not confirmed that the master sword
becomes unbreakable it said specifically
the master sword won't lose its magic
the master sword is already unbreakable
but it loses its it loses its magic
which basically just says break so I'm
assuming that means the master sword
would be unbreakable oh if it's not I'm
writing an angry letter I am writing an
angry letter to Nintendo of America you
fucks anyway
that's what I'm looking for in the game
because there's been there's large areas
that I have not explored because I just
don't feel like why would you bother
exploring them anymore what are you
gonna find but you can still find you
got your master sword what the fuck you
gonna find you can find some neat stuff
that's not a weapon not everything is a
weapon who shot him right in the back
rich fucking me is running away I mean
he was running away that's true well Sam
I gonna shoot him
do you not have to do this at night are
they on me tonight is a equal amount of
enemies sure I'm gonna try this three
more times okay just being on is it's
gonna be three yeah I have not seen last
night's flash I'm not not caught up on
flash or I'm mostly caught up on agents
of shield now but I haven't seen last
night's flash and I know they finally
revealed who's Savitt are is and I also
have a new theory and hoose avatar is I
no longer think it's Kid Flash because
we saw we saw a little bit of them and I
think I know who Safdar is now I won't
say I won't spoil it for anyone who
hasn't seen you like me and I had one
like I haven't seen it yet but I have a
theory yeah I have a theory who it is
this dream has been up for like 20
minutes yeah we're here that's what
we're here for
we've been up for 20 minutes we're here
um I have a good idea who staff Atari is
now which we're gonna try just not
stopping I'm gonna get hit by that thing
of course
well he's circles you got it you got it
you got two oh my god he circles but he
doesn't hit oh well that'll make it a
lot easier well fuck fuck I also saw
that Oh bother the new the the DLC for
breath of the wild also will track your
movement for the past 200 hours so you
can see a little squiggly line of
exhalation been oh well that guy can't
hit for shit
oh you gotta dodge it move dodging move
so the other ones donut the other one
didn't hit me but that one done I don't
yeah I don't remember this terrible task
I remember this it's a sidequest I think
so I remember this I don't have to do
this right walk along the edge I will
try walking along the edge hmm not bad
idea
oh yeah and a new hard mode that's true
good for DLC right and outfits and all
sorts of fun unlike a lot of the others
oldest I don't have that many issues
with breadth of the wilds difficulty no
no I'm fine hard mode hard mode can't
take away the fact that you can carry
with you 200 healing items hard modes
not gonna erase that right so yeah yeah
I'm with you
what that game needs is more enemy types
that's the major thing I would change uh
yeah hey I'm with you I want our
knuckles I want dark nuts want fun
things to fight in my large expansive
game yeah yeah that'd be nice
ah let's see here air in two six one
eight says hey guys just Christ if
you've ever played this war is mine and
if so what do you think thanks big can
do you play this wars money no no you
there right sorry
I'm sorry
I have not pressed the work best of
Becca breath of the wild is too easy
it's not fun how do you feel about any
of the other Zelda games then since
since the 3d era began compared to every
other 3d Zelda game breath of the wild
is incredibly challenging like Wind
Waker oh god did you ever die and
winwaker can you die on waker ha ha ha
ha can you I have no idea this seems
like a good plan rich there's that bird
over there and that guy
those birds might be an issue but we'll
see we'll see how they feel about our
arrow in the face right
I know Aaron 261 and I figured out what
you were saying after a while but good
get away from it smart schmuck
Majora's Mask I've heard is pretty tough
maybe that's why like I don't remember
having fond memories of Majora's Mask is
a rich you've got this stayed close to
the edge
can't hear audio cues of the support
behind me I'm not gonna know until it's
like too late yeah don't press the throw
button I want to do that why would I why
would I have to throw it on him should I
should I try throwing it on him so I was
at what I should do I would not bridge I
would not
majora's mask is first and foremost
eight time management game right that's
probably why I don't
all right don't I don't remember liking
it Becky got played said rich did you
get my the case for Stargate email no
rich does not check the prereq email
account and by the way like I don't know
if this was a prompted by something but
you gave us a goddamn thesis on Stargate
I haven't showed this to rich it is a
ridiculous email making the case for why
Stargate is a good series to watch okay
here's what album gonna be real real
with you I skimmed it but that was too
much man that was just too much unless
that's something you wanted did you want
someone to send you an email has never
come up it okay and that's that's what I
figured that's why I did not send it on
to you but I'll be real with you Becky
got pipe did plate that was just no that
was just way too much of an email that
was a job I mean I appreciate your
enthusiasm for a science-fiction series
I want that email and you know what like
I remember really liking the Stargate
movie the what he gone
no you son of a bitch with a James
Spader Kurt Russell I thought rich would
appreciate the detail it is well
organized that's true Becky got piped
it's very well organized it's just a lot
it's just a lot and for someone who like
doesn't necessarily care about something
the more you write about it does not
equal the more will care about um so you
know I just kind of glanced Stargate
movies a fucking mess I just remember
enjoying it when I was little I remember
really liking it we didn't have a ton
you know of sci-fi back in the day so
like that I was fun little portal that
goes to you know the Egypt dimension
it's fine it's fine it was fine movie
yeah have that bone oh oh did you hug a
puppy yeah I didn't know you could hug a
pony I had puppies in this game yeah
yeah Oh his end is that a Nintendogs he
follows you now you get a little puppy
friend hey I remember like in Stargate
nothing wrong with our plate is target
gobbledygook have you guys seen Kimiko
on the switch it's a Japanese import
that's sort of like the original Zelda
pixelated twin stick sword and Sworcery
cute them up rave reviews in Japan only
on the switch hey yeah hey I've seen it
I haven't been terribly interested Ivan
see I've been really thinking about
getting um oh what's the what's the it
looks like hotline Miami but you're like
a teleporter have you seen this on the
suite what what it's cut it's called um
chats going to tell me in two seconds it
looks like hotline Miami but your
character teleports mr. shifty Thank You
Cameron Mitchell
mr. shifty have you seen that on the
Nintendo store it's like a top down I
haven't I haven't touched the switch
since I stopped playing breath of the
wild oh okay so fair enough fair enough
so it looks like hotline Miami it's top
down within your kind of in a building
and it's all about your character has
the ability that teleport and so it's
like a little twin sticky and and it's
supposed to be very interesting I'm
really thinking about it I'll tell you
I'm really thinking about it Becky got
played says I'm kind of shocked Jack
didn't forward rich that email and let
him decide whether or not to read it I
probably wouldn't have read it rich does
have access to the previously recorded
email he chooses not to I wouldn't know
how to I don't even check my own damn
email which is by the way the other
thing I've sent like rich important
emails text me well she's fickle to send
me in tags this is just for Becky got
plates okay I'm telling you I send
Richie important emails and like weeks
later hey Rick what about what about
like that important tax documentation
which is like what are you talking about
I emailed you that important times
information so even if I would have
forwarded to him he would detect it he
might have glanced at it I had to I made
an executive decision as a as the keeper
of the email next time you should send
your Stargate thesis to contact at red
letter media comm I'm making jokes about
me like you know like old old-school
rich get rich beeper
you don't realize I'm talking about
texting which is more recent than email
that's true that's true right hmm Jesus
Jesus you people you awful awful people
it's like you know and I
IIIi don't check my email like like I no
longer get a notification when I get an
email I've turned all that off I usually
only check my email like two three times
a day
I'm not I'm not a compulsive like you
know oh I got a new email I got to see
what it is now version but I got you I
check it people use it it's not like a
fax machine but uh oh yeah I'm looking
into that mr. shifty looks very
interesting looks like it looks like a
neat title let me tell you rich yeah I'm
I'm uh I'm not I'm not uh what he called
I'm not double backing on my criticisms
of the switch yeah with Mario Kart 8
okay but I very recently had an
incredibly positive experience with it
oh my god what happened if you remember
yeah very last dream I was like fuck the
switch and everything it has to be
because because one of the selling
points of the switch is bring it to your
friend's house and you automatically
have two controllers so you can play
Mario Kart right even though those tiny
ass controllers give you carpal tunnel
syndrome
yes that was my big complaint so I was
recently in a situation in which I had
my two boys yes we were out and I needed
to do some work for like a half an hour
I brought the switch with me set it down
on a table with the little kickstand
gave them each a controller they played
Mario Kart for that half hour silent as
the dead because Mario Kart also has
like you know Drive assist and
acceleration assist so I didn't even
have to help the little one yeah they
could do it all and it was gorgeous as a
distraction device for my children it
was
gorgeous they could both play at once I
didn't like he need to bring like a
million little electronic devices I'll
yeah you get the DES and you can have
the iPad I'll make sure I have the phone
up if you need the phone once it was one
to babysitter that's exactly what it was
chat and it worked like gangbusters so
it was just one of those situations like
oh that is really nice that it has two
controllers and it has multiplayer games
if only those controllers felt good to
use yeah so is one of those like I'm not
double backing on my criticism I'm
saying I get why they made this decision
and I think it's a good decision except
for the hardware you know like they made
a good decision in one aspect but they
didn't follow through with that decision
so there's just an option to have two
controllers without paying for a second
one I don't get the problem really well
the problem is the controllers feel
really bad is especially like playing
Mario Kart you know where there's a you
have to use the shoulder buttons a lot
you have to you know the the joystick is
so close to the buttons playing an
entire Grand Prix playing four races of
Mario Kart 8 hurts it feels terrible so
this is what I'm saying is the this idea
of always having two controllers with
you is a really good idea the problem is
those two controllers aren't functional
so then you have to bring more
controllers with you if you want to have
a decent gaming session not even a
decent gaming session what four races is
not a decent gaming section session
that's a great that's a that's a
distraction
well you could release a larger version
of the switch yeah
but then you know it's even less
portable really yep what do you do how
do you fix that
this is I'm saying I don't have the
answer okay
I am commenting on the thing that is
available to me now cuz they you know
they release updated versions of their
handhelds that's true that's true they
are they are always redesigned that shit
yeah
sometimes those redesigns are really
fucking nice which is a glorified hand
hill they might they might they might
redesign that shove it back out the
market that's true as possible well on
you know with the joy cons it's not even
like they need to redesign the whole
switch even if they just like had like
different joi con options right yeah
like they could just redesign the joy
cons slide them into the old ones and
boom problem solved now they feel good
you could make it fold like a DS how do
you handle that with a screen though and
then what do you doing on that other
section like if it's just one screen on
top what's down here that's wasted space
yeah unless you make a dual screen
theory some kind of flexible screen in
theory there are the flexible screen
technologies way sure sure yeah
Nintendo's not just trying to get the
last juice out of the new 3ds that they
can because they just announced the new
2d s their handheld market is strong the
the 2d s XL a giant 3d s without the 3d
capabilities that'll have amazing
battery life and an amazing back catalog
yeah the the switch is not a replacement
for the 3ds which is very strange that
now they have two handhelds on the
market then they also say that the Wii U
would have games on it I think I
remember yeah okay
can't can't trust everything they say
right the this game that rich is playing
right now is up he's playing on the wii
u this is Twilight Princess do you mean
with the lanyard thing attached is too
small yeah even with the little the
extenders for the for the R and L button
the the joy comes you know using one joy
con as a full controller if you have to
go and kiss and you know when you're
sliding because you know you got a power
slide in Mario Kart 8 that's the that's
the right trigger and then you have to
hold that down and you know you hold the
left one down is it's a it's a mess
it's a goddamn mess rich fladam ear the
Zelda that everyone hates is Skyward
Sword yes because it's boring yeah and
safe and it uses the the fucking Motion
Plus gimmick and so the combat sucks cuz
the sword-swinging sucks yeah
yeah do-do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do some
blue guy in chat says hey since you
brought up your favorite link who is
your favorite Zelda I'm not sure if Wind
Waker or ocarina counts since once it's
revealed that tetra slash Sheik are the
princess she loses all personality yes
but she's still the princess before I
don't know she goes back to being tetra
at the end I guess like Ted tetra is a
fun character and like you were
surprised she was the princess come on
I thought I was give me the sister oh
really yeah oh no like she can't be the
sister oh I thought I was gonna be the
sister oh why can't it be because
because you know generally Lincoln the
princess generally really rarely rarely
the last two were the only ones that
have done it always implies the Latin
always implied no it's not
well no it's not a little bit of this
always breath of the wild Zelda yeah
that way that was a departure and you
know it's boring a Skyward Sword is this
a game yeah I don't mind that Zelda okay
I don't know if I got that far yeah yeah
hmm my favorite Zelda aren't you
supposed to break what am I supposed to
do something to help him with this or
justly so I come back later you probably
have to come back later um you know what
I didn't play much of what is the one
more link is flat link between worlds
link between worlds I'd never got very
far on that fried for no particularly
love the hell out of that huh I thought
you were loving the hell out of that
that was fun but and that's why I'm
saying for like for no particular reason
I just haven't gotten very far
I have no proper explanation for why I
did not continue to play it
besides you know we were playing other
games at the time but
what lunch this is a big treasure yeah I
can't oh I can't get out he can't climb
over the little fence so I'll kick it
over there oh no this is breath of the
wild is uh is breathing down your neck
right now huh oh oh there's chest let me
just let me just climb what what oh oh
no
rich can you even climb over those
flower beds like look link that is a
step up you cannot take one goddamn step
up health wing Dannan is capturing the
princess oh no let me get over there oh
no oh no I'm trapped
oh wait wait turn around like look at
the those flower beds are no taller than
those stairs not by much not by much
seem to be able to go up the stairs just
fun just barely go over his knees right
like no is he gonna you can hop up
pretty easily
Jesus this is this is what we like about
breath of the wild yep artificial
barriers I'm gonna turn around and see
that thing is open
oh let's see here you know what I have
no proper answer for favorite Zelda I
might choose ocarina Zelda only because
I kind of figured cheek was Zelda and I
just like that I like that Zelda did
something is my that I'm not saying this
is a good answer I'm just saying she
fucking did something she became a ninja
great well it happens like before the
game started why'd he like breath of the
wild she does stuff yeah she's alright
brother the wild yeah yeah you didn't
play Skyward Sword she she does stuff
okay she's a victim of her own planning
in a past life but she did stuff okay
I'm not done yet
you might have to wait like a day or
night say maybe I didn't I didn't catch
what he had to say so sure I'll just
fuck now this is the word flower girl
what do you want out here or the bug
girl does she like bugs yeah she's like
bugs
she leaves a schlager for domain yes hey
that's great you know what she's doing
she's looking for bugs yeah that makes
sense yeah yeah oh that was just done I
mean yeah
Twilight Princess Zelda is born yeah
twelve princes Elvis Superboy well she's
she's kind of an on character because
the attentions old window right mid nose
midday yep if we're counting Midna as a
Zelda replacement then Midna all the way
I love me well that'd have been a better
reveal with Minda if she were Zelda if
she were the trooper she inherited the
power of Zelda and she filled Zelda's
role in the game i I mean that ending
was pretty strong for me where she's the
one shooting out the light arrows again
and at the end and not Zelda maybe
that's probably what they should have
done probably like and then you can
still have your bittersweet ending at
the end yeah cuz I do I do genuinely
love how this game and his story why's
that that broke my goddamn heart
my first time she reveals her true fog
just Midna later my I loved Midna oh I
can't go that way I can go this way so
if we're talking sell de analogs and be
mini Zelda's Michael a carry net or Kuro
knee
I might go or Corona fuck a little
closer
Manas need to I guess ya had the double
claw shot I can't get down there
gracefully ah yeah well we Zelda goes
crazy in spirit tracks yeah yeah like
she goes insane what do you mean what do
you mean by that now I'm curious I've
not played Spirit Tracks
well no it's it's Petra again get very
tracks no that's that's not tetra it's
the same art style but that's not the
same character that's like hundreds of
years later the one you're thinking of
is phantom I work that is the one thing
about you're right you're right that's
the one that takes places literally
seconds after windwaker yep yeah yeah
okay you're right I I apologize then and
I'm not maybe I don't remember that one
I place fear tracks
I played spirit tracks of course I think
that's gonna be that's gonna be a fun
thing for me is going back to all these
handhelds and just like because because
all of the handouts are very linear but
there are also very different games
they're not necessarily combat focused
you know it's more puzzle focused and so
there's a link between worlds linear I
thought they were going back to like I
guess link to the past somewhat linear
well and it's it's linear but they just
the the big difference in link between
worlds and remember I haven't gotten
very far
yeah is you get to choose which item
like items are no longer withheld from
you so you can take any item on any
but you kind of know what item is on
photo machine why are we playing this
game Krieger rich felt like it what
what's wrong with playing this game no
no they they were just wondering if
there was a specific purpose
oh no no just sense breath laughter
brother after I finished breath with a
while yeah you know what let me play
some of the other Zelda's that's my yeah
after this I plan on playing Wind Waker
oh yeah me too or or maybe link to the
past
oh go old school absolutely absolutely
I'm making my way through minish cap now
god damn it's an adorable game good
puzzles some good puzzles uh humberto
cabbage branches have either of you
watched anything from first we feast
highly recommended YouTube channel no
I've never even heard of first we feast
what's the spiciest food you've ever ate
wait you notice a jalapeno popper
because I hate spicy food
I enjoy mild jalapeno poppers okay mild
yeah I dig all sorts of spicy food but
like I don't have a specific dish just
like I'll put spicy shit on anything I
love it I have a very low tolerance for
spice sure sure sure
hey do you want you have you seen
binging with babish at all no it's a
it's another cooking YouTube channel and
he specializes in recreating dishes in
movies and television and so he'll take
you know for example he just recently
did a Homer's famous moon waffles if you
remember that episode of The Simpsons
where he made his waffles with liquid
smoke and wrapped it around a stick of
butter okay so you know he'll make
exactly how they made it on the show or
movie and then he'll try to improve upon
it so normal people can eat it so you
know you don't have to eat an entire
stick of butter that kind of thing
he made this amazing one from Archer
eggs
house and it looked to be the most
decadent to food of all time
eggs Milhouse eggs Milhouse I just got
disappointing yeah they're just kind of
runny scrambled eggs
oh it's not even done oh don't don't you
don't oh wait
it's a goddamn Oh put her in a bottle
where she belongs
how the hell is smoked a liquid smoke is
a different thing but God like you
almost got a traumatic brain injury
no huh that would be big more careful
about where you dive Oh rich uh Adam a
galley has a really important question
which is why hasn't your sword broken it
down oh because this game you just swing
the sword until things die you don't
have to think about combat that hard
that's why Wow think they could up the
MA the enemies in just about any Zelda
game they could be a bit more
challenging because they could be a bit
more challenge like you know I'm not I'm
not saying that the Wind Waker enemies
were challenging but I loved the combat
that old it got old that always made me
feel good felt like a gimme always made
felt like I'm good fuckin gimme as you
do that little roll around hit him in
the back Oh felt good that you know the
problem I think is the shield you could
play to defensively just never take any
fucking damage like I never gotta have a
shield I never used you I was rolled a
windbreaker had amazing dodging oh god
just the stick and move oh look at that
gay hey I like him
captain jerk blood-borne weapons do
break but they have so much health that
they last a very long time and of course
the big important factor is blood-borne
weapons have a number so you know
exactly how close to breaking it is
before it breaks so before you head out
on a mission you get to check your
numbers if your numbers are too low you
can fix it but the last a good while the
last say more than five six enemies
whoo-hoooo they had a question about
blood-borne weapon break oh yeah the old
gun
I've never even come close to having a
weapon break in blood-borne and they're
so cheap to repair exactly yeah and
there's a there's a there's a metric
like with blood-borne I'm not even sure
why they bother right right why bother
yeah I'm um with him
I'm with you hey guys
says RC MC me 84 for me Majora's Mask is
the best zelda ocarina is Fondamenta
motion controls ruined Skyward Sword and
Twilight is what ocarina should have
been and still don't have breath of the
lava
oh man like it's it's really hard to for
me going back to older Zelda games even
ones that I enjoyed it like I enjoyed
ocarina I tried playing that and I got
to this bullshit dungeon and I put it
down and I don't want to play it anymore
am I am I wrong for just simply hey the
only reason I haven't played majora is
cuz I just flat-out don't like a hero of
time kid link I know that it's that's a
weird complaint to me because of the
hardware limitations that there were its
supposed to be a very good game it's
supposed to be very good I never made it
past the first dungeon before I didn't
understand what was happening in the
moon crash wait I died but I put it away
they're fairly superficial reasons it's
a very superficial race yeah I know I
admit that I admit that oh okay well
there you go oh you can be a Gore on I
fucking hate the gore and they're so
lame and stupid the Goron's they're my
least favorite characters in zelda race
character whatever tribe fine nib dull
dull dull and stupid fine just that's
what they are they're big they're
Klingons they're big dumb instead
Klingons are dumb and stupid yeah but
yes but it's balanced its its tokine
right there they're the dwarfs and the
Zoras are the elves and like they're
fine and the quarks are the hobbitses
and the Zoras are interesting the Rideau
are interesting the Goron's
yeah now none of that interesting yeah
none of them are interesting they're
fine it's sure they're not well this is
all the guy they don't wash them out
that much
but no like that I know that that's the
stick later in Majora's Mask as you wear
different masks that turn you into
different people to give you different
powers for the different areas but
Amanda will juice
the best zelda race is that big electric
dragon in Skyward Sword shit game but
was sound
no I know like the Hillians are elves
but in my Tolkien parallel the Zora are
Alice and the elves of humans and the
fairies are the hobbits the Hillians
which is what they call them yeah until
you are saying are more analogous to
humans yes as compared to the Zora
with their with their wispy wispy way
and their fancy Zoras domain
architecture yeah sure and very that's
very uh their high quality super
craftsmanship and here's a Zora amethyst
yeah they're very much like elves I get
it I get a told they're very much like
tokine esq Elms yeah omid now adorable
all right Adam egg Elly says no message
Melek 47 says hey you rich hey Jack any
feelings on star trek discovery worried
it will finally kill the franchise
indifferent looking forward to it do you
have to have any more feelings on uh-oh
I don't because I don't know much about
it yeah I knows a lot of anxiety going
on about it I know this turmoil behind
the scenes oh no is there oh I'm sorry
yeah look I can't kill Star Trek because
I can still go back and watch old
episodes of the next generation right
and even if the series tanked
even if the series tanks Star Trek has
already had series that have tanked I'm
looking at you Bakula the probe is there
hasn't been a hit in a while that's the
problem
yeah the problem even though even the
good movie now apparently did not do
terribly well at the boxes maybe maybe
they've just maybe they've just mined it
all hmm you know maybe maybe maybe it's
not a terrible thing if you don't see it
again you know I don't know give it like
I don't know give it like a ten twenty
year break just give it a breather
it's kind of its kind of had that now
what was enterprise
oh yeah yeah shit well but they haven't
had a breather
because after enterprise they had deep
space after deep space they had voyage
or after voyage of an enterprise how
long's it been since enterprise and
after enterprise the headed Abrams it's
been at least 10 years at least not
discounting the Abrams movies because
it's not the same that's not the same as
a TV show sure it was successful though
so there has been not the latest one
well ok the first one Star Trek
Enterprise 2001 to 2005 ok so it's been
you know over a decade it's been over a
decade since had a series yeah yeah JJ's
verse doesn't count alright hey that's
fair that's fair
oh is that what I said that's what
okay sorry Ness is neset aid I I
misspoke because I said after Enterprise
they had ds9 after Deus nine eight
enterprise what I meant was after
next-gen the NTS 9 after that they had
Voyager after that date Enterprise I
misspoke and many apologies Jack have
your kids played Zelda no no actually
they have not played Zelda I mean you
know they they kind of farted around a
little bit in breath of the wild while I
was playing it recently while I was
flying the minish cap they walked around
and swung the sword and they thought it
was cute but they haven't had any real
time playing playing Zelda they're still
going through the Pokemon games super
hard just crushing Pokemon games left
and right so alright we'll move on we'll
move on to Zelda after that they play
Mario Kart but not breath of the well
yeah mark because Mario Kart is simple
and they like that and you know for
short bursts of time and that's
something that we can all do together
like the three of us can play Mario Kart
at the same time whereas if one person
is playing Zelda or one person is
playing Pokemon the other one
wait their turn and then it turns into a
thing no I'm not going to start my
children of doing so awakening how did
you start with Link's Awakening Ryan I
would probably like if I had to if I had
to start him somewhere why is this a
super difficult question what just pick
one
well I'm Trina I'm trying to figure the
right one like the balance of fun and
difficulty and also time where it's like
reading kids like they can't handle any
difficulty which is that's why they made
games that are too easy no I'm not
treating it what what I'm saying is like
I know how long I allow my children to
play video games which is not a very
long amount of time but I'm doing a ton
of TV time so something a game that I
know they can accomplish something
within 20-30 minutes you know so I
probably won't like give them breath of
the wild first maybe five windwaker good
wakers nice they get they can play the
same games that you play when you work
it that's what they kept like oh they
could sure but what if I wanted to play
better games they have the ability to
play the same game but they also have
more options right that's what's
important you probably right now run
blood-borne is a great place for them
soon they love watching me play
blood-borne
and I'd let him play too a little bit
they they had a great time they giggled
a lot let me to died but they loved
watching me play that game complete doom
hahaha they might like you yeah they
like they like playing overwatch I let
him play overwatch sometimes they think
it's funny take it they would probably
love doom all the monsters let them play
do yeah my kids like them you know the
problem I don't have two minutes what I
played it on the Xbox oh that was a
foolish mistake yeah I don't I don't
feel the need to play it anymore I'll be
honest with him and if I do I'll just
get it up easy is that before you built
your PC yeah okay that explains it that
explains it
it was it was like how are you right
before how did you stomach that I am
okay with shooters with controllers rich
cuz remember I didn't switch over until
I got my PC that's when I started
switching over to mouse controls but I
am okay with first-person shooters on
control I beat the whole game using a
controller it's not that bad once you
get used to it and I know you're not
used to it and I know this is a whole
big thing I don't know whatever I'm just
just to me it's like wow wow wow wow wow
yeah oh wow really around what age did
your kids want to start playing video
games for themselves um a few years ago
but you know like the the question is
not when they wanted to play them by
themselves the question is when they
could without asking for help because
you know like they would get they would
get frustrated a lot and then just want
to not play which is also fine so I find
them don't play but then they'd want to
play again and get frustrated and like
really not until we got minecraft for
Wii U that's when it really exploded for
them because that was a game that they
could handle really easily uh and so
that was a couple years ago I'm gonna
say I don't expect you to remember but
is there a way to change between day and
night in this game things that only show
up at night um yes there is is it a how
old that you learn but you don't learn
house you can only do them like in
certain spots oh that's right that was a
Wind Waker
yeah the songs
I want to say there is rich I don't
necessarily know the answer but I bet I
bet I think I think that's stupid I do
what that is not a way to switch back
and forth oh you got to stand around and
wait like an idiot the chat is saying
there is not a way to do it you have to
stay here you the chat is saying you
have to stand around like an idiot
well damn yeah damn chicken flavored
chicken you write controllers trigger
flavor fragrances controllers are all
about preference there is no right or
wrong just what's right for you and
that's true you know like a lot of you
know the argument for Mouse versus
controller is just precision and there
is no there's no preference there a
mouse is definitely more precise it's
faster and it's more precise but if you
are more comfortable playing with your
controller as I was there is nothing
wrong knock your socks off there's
nothing wrong with it right right
OOP
this isn't related to the current
conversation but last room you guys
spoke about pros and cons of PC versus
console
well now you can play PS now the
PlayStation streaming service on PC so
now you can play a good load of PS games
on PC legally without a console that's
true
Wow true Wow PS now though like I
haven't it's it's wonky because they're
basically like streaming the game to you
as as like Netflix and so you're kind of
playing the game off site that streams
it to you and so I've heard that it's
not always super lagless it's not always
precise
well that's true you know and I you know
what I still I still have my my
playstation 4 and still play it every
now and again yeah I've heard it too
lucky and has some issues but as
Internet gets faster that becomes less
efficient
Tartans head says have you guys seen
Conan's clueless gamer VR segment no I
have not seen the VR segment i did i did
i spends just eight minutes completely
bashing VR it's it's wonderful god bless
you Conan O'Brien he's great
god bless you Conan's great he don't
give no fucks
some blue guy in chat says also to
complete the Triforce what's your
favorite Ganon Twilight Princess Ganon I
think has the most personality and
backstory but Wind Waker Ganon is one of
my favorite villain deaths in the game
favorite Ganon the three best I'm not
gonna give you an order just yet I don't
know if I can okay uh ocarina oka
ocarina is that the actual proper way no
I can't even remember what said it right
first and then went back to Okada
ocarina its ocarina okay ochre enough
times Ganon yeah is really neat
went with the reveal when he comes up
and he's monster Ganon for the first
time he's swings his big swords they got
the lighting and he's got the glowing
eyes yeah that's pretty cool he's out
like he also has like an interesting you
know the the only mail from the Gerudo
village like yeah yeah yeah I I would
not mind seeing that version of Ganon
again in a game okay uh this game here I
like the duel with Ganondorf but I'm
fond of boss fights that are just
straight-up duels yeah yeah so I love
the way this game ends I like I'm with
you but Wind Waker does better with the
right with the the rain with the with
the fucking ocean crashing down on top
of you and then the music and the way he
dies Wind Waker all you know what all
three of those are fine choices right
yeah I can't I can't disagree with any
of them breath the whale god man kind of
weak man okay come on kind of weak come
on so one thing the entire fucking games
build it up to come on it kind of it
kind of makes you feel not so bad
fucking around all this time you get the
fight you get to fight a Cronenberg
monster that is not Ganon yeah and you
get to fight a giant pig that literally
does nothing oh god I just stands there
and it lets you shoot its weak spots
what a joke so fucking weak the ending
of that game what a joke all all of
those Ganon boss fights were a complete
disgrace um with you
so my favorite might be the water duel
in Wind Waker that's pretty good yeah
yeah it's it's tough because like I just
keep picking Wind Waker is my favorite
everything it's great it's a great
fucking really fucking great
right right mmm how can they have they
ever done like classic Pig Ganon in 3d
why haven't they done that why can't I
fight classic Pig Ganon I don't know
because it's not really scary I don't
know I don't know um would you guys say
that uh oh wait were you disappointed
with the lack of bosses and breath of
the wild no but the the the issue was
well both and I'm disappointed with the
lack of them yeah
but at the same time the ones we got
were horrible but it's like there were I
was expecting no bosses because the
bosses were there of your own choosing
the the the cyclopses yeah right the the
height or what do you call those the
Lionel's the line elves the rock
monsters the giant or whatever there was
calling up a big skeleton those were the
bosses yammer those could have been the
bosses because those were all optional
and I loved that I loved that you could
just run away or you could face face
your fears and you know then we get
those awful Ganon bosses in all of the
machines and it just it felt gross my
opinion is there could have been more
yes but the ones we had also could have
been good it's got the worst boss fights
in any of the Zelda's breath of the wild
yeah yeah it and it's the one area where
it falls a flatter than any other new
Zelda game and it's still probably the
bezel though because this is how
important exploration is to the series
exactly exactly
exactly all those bosses
don't run away I want to get on the
board profession candy for Krause is
Jack did you ever get my DC Universe
email if so did what did you think if
not looking over all so rich I think
you'd like the video series what the
fuck is wrong with you
it's very cynical okay
we're cheers yeah you know the master I
don't know I've never played it Richard
you ever play the Darksiders games no
you know they're supposed to be very
Zelda like yeah very 3ds oh really
I know I know next to nothing about them
okay that's and that's all I know about
them is that they're supposed to be very
much like the 3d Zelda's just set in the
different universe oh there was a game
that I kick-started I have the
kick-start a while back that's that's
supposed to be very much like Wind Waker
supposed to be very much like a Wind
Waker clone and of course like
everything kick-started is now like
pushed back the release dates and in
development hell and it's it's very much
emulating Link to the Past not the 3d
Zelda's but 3d Dot Heroes on the
PlayStation 3 by from software is very
much a Zelda game I remember yeah I
remember
you know I've always wanted to look into
Okami I never got around to playing that
when that was out I don't want to be a
dog that looks dangerous why don't like
the early part of Twilight Princess oh
we don't go out you know dog
well you kos sniffing fuck you I want to
hear it sniff my ass oh yeah yeah Oh dog
yep hear about this game is that I
kick-started and I'm just curious
I'm just curious over anything oh you
know what I don't care that much I don't
care that much Okami is directed by the
guy who did Bayonetta Devil May Cry and
beautiful Joe Oh beautiful Joe
my fifth hidden skill world R all right
nice to it rich do it mortal draw
murderer oh and candy for crows I don't
know if I got your DC I mean I probably
got your DC Universe email
I might have skimmed it like I do
sometimes when people send me emails uh
I tried that's that is a great line by
the way there is no defense for this
mortal draw there is no defense for this
oh okay the mortal draw deals death
that's a great line
alright combat this could have been
better it just nope no Daniel there you
go give me better give me better enemies
to fight I have all these moves and all
this health and I fight a little goblin
who dies in one hit and it takes half a
quarter yeah heart of health this game
needs more of the dark nuts that you do
get it to eventually it needs more dudes
you need more to do more interesting
things to fight yeah let's see here
Aaron two six one eight says either of
you two or any Arlen people looking
forward to alien covenant no why would I
be yeah for one I'm not you know I
recognize that the original alien is a
good movie but I'm not a horror guy
right my favorite one is aliens with the
one that's that action adventure venture
movie right right I mean again I prefer
alien because I do like oldies but
they're so far nothing that I've seen
has gotten me excited about alien
covenant so far it just kind of looks
like alien why would you be excited
about something that looks like a
straight-up fucking remake of alien
exactly I'm not calling it a remake it's
exact like so is it's a remake of alien
with
Oh with none of the atmosphere or
surprise because alien was a surprise to
everyone you know
yeah it just I I'm not saying that I
refuse to see it I'm just not
necessarily excited any other summer
films you excited about anything coming
out guy used to that's Friday I know
just cut and this week I'm right it's
coming out two days do we both think of
us coming out early I I think I said it
you just agreed with me last week
Wednesday I was like hey I'm going to
see Guardian no I was like looking for
something to do with Karen my guy Karen
you're out it's a weekend you know wish
you Guardians and we went to look at the
time oh that's that's next week oh so
then yeah it was both of us apparently
it came out like in Europe last week but
I'm really excited to see it seeing it
on Friday got my tickets already gonna
go go see you Friday afternoon it's
gonna be great uh boss is coming out
this summer
spider-man homecoming I'm in which I'm
not super excited about but I'm curious
to go see it I'm really curious about it
like aren't you it's it's the potential
of a good spider-man movie which we
haven't had in quite some time
I'd say ever I'm not that big I'm total
McGuire spider-man 2 is really good
spider oh yeah but she's I don't know
miss Peter Parker just feels like
something out of a 50 sitcom exactly
that's not Peter Parker to meet with it
it's the Peter Parker that they were
going for sure yeah obviously it was a
Peter Parker we're going they they were
trying to make a spider-man that closely
emulated the original Peter Parker and
spider-man which I think they did a very
good job of
yeah look at this spin around is great
the John will meet a senior heir of
spider-man maybe that was good no they
were going for classic dick oh no
classic dick oh isn't a g-g-golly
schmuck the the the first
yeah no the first the first few uh the
first couple of years that's what he was
he was a jig a leash MUC when dingo
stick owes Peter Parker was like a kid
on the verge of a nervous fucking
breakdown also a schmuck also well more
importantly also like a dumb kid oh you
pricks
Oh Sigourney wouldn't receive first
billing on a lien she wasn't that she
wasn't the name yet nobody knew who she
was first billing is about selling
tickets motherfucker let's see here what
I'm what a sleaze coming out this summer
something I'm excited about I'm sure but
I you know if they always came at me in
great numbers yeah this combat system
would be a lot better this isn't that
bad yeah this looks like a fun fight
spider-man threes underrated says the
Zaius it had its moments like when oh I
don't I don't despise it like looker
became an a-hole and starts dancing it
in the appropriate moment but I'm not
super attached to the Sam Remy tobey
maguire spider-man so spider-man 3 had a
lot of problems it would be harder for
that movie to really annoy me uh they
didn't get it right ha ha the the issue
is you can just clearly see where the
problems come from in spider-man 3 and
yes I know everyone likes to make fun of
emo spider-man but I think we've talked
about this before is that's exactly what
do feed Peter Parker would think is cool
that version of Peter Parker yes yes and
so like thematically emo that emo Peter
Parker emo symbiote Peter Parker makes a
lot of sense Peter Parker would think
that like jazz dancing and having an emo
haircut is the coolest the problem is
there's a lot there's the right there's
a lot wrong with it
there's too many enemies too many
convenient storylines weak resolutions
Sandman could have been a really neat
villain I also hate that they that they
retconned Uncle Ben's death and this guy
was involved too you know
yeah that's that's that was dumb that
was a dumb choice but like Sandman as a
villain is is an interesting villain
they own oh yeah it is I agreed it is a
mess beyond email Peter Parker there's a
lot wrong with spider-man 3 I I will do
what did I have to do I had to defend
spider-man 3 versus like versus
something else where it's like
spider-man 3 is a mess but it's not a
complete mess there are some aspects of
the film that are competent oh oh you
know what I was comparing it to the
Amazing Spider like if you compare
spider-man 3 to the amazing spider-man
spider-man 3 makes a lot more sense so
you know it's not the worst it's not
worse than amazing either the amazing
spider-man
anyway I don't know if I'm looking
forward to anyway yeah oh you know what
I'll tell you what I am looking forward
to defenders I made rich watch the
trailer before we start because I knew
we'd probably come up it I love that guy
look at it
super hyped about defenders that's not
until August
that's come on August vitamin defenders
of sweets hopefully they don't
concentrate too much on Iron Fist as
he's incredibly boring and hopefully
they don't let Jessica Jones into too
many action sequences because already in
one of the action sequences you can kind
of see her not doing well as her own
stunt double but uh oh that could be fun
it's a how bad is good man oh it's gonna
be fine yeah so Daredevil and Jessica
Jones I do believe outshine the other
two netflix heroes and so hopefully they
will be doing the heavy lifting acting
and story-wise and then we have Luke and
Iron Fist you know they're they can
handle some action stuff and then
that fight was terrible yeah what fight
laughs I yeah this game could have some
better fights move master I agree Luke
Cage sucked the the Luke Cage television
show was really bad the character of
Luke Cage was not terrible in Jessica
Jones and so I think as a supporting
character in the defenders he will be
fine left to his own devices his own
show was terrible
yeah the season provocation was
undoubtedly unquestionably
the worst the show really sucked
but like I said I I actually liked his
whole character thing in Jessica Jones
so the fact that he's gonna be able to
work off some other people again
including Jessica I'm looking forward to
that iron fist as far as I'm concerned
that actor who played him is a charisma
vacuum so he's gonna need all the help
you can get hopefully they just don't
let him talk that much oh oh it's not a
it's what how you feel I guess I've seen
it don't you don't have to yeah I know I
don't don't have to everyone tells me
it's awful why would I exactly like I
don't think that iron fist was as bad as
Luke Cage the the show in its entirety I
think his character was definitely worse
and hit the actor is
yeah wait Punisher is coming out in 2017
already know Jesus Christ not some look
forward to issue L unless the way we got
a lot we got a lot of 2017 ahead of us
that's not that's actually not shocking
I don't like that was a show they didn't
know existed that when season two was
happening right when season two a
daredevil yeah no you knew that they
knew that was happening no I thought I
thought that was a decision after season
two and after daredevil became pops
somebody was fuckin planning on that
happening yeah possibly when people are
talking about before the show comes out
Punisher gonna get a solo show it was
gonna happen I suppose yeah I know the
the defenders showrunner is the same
person who does daredevil so we know at
least there is some quality there is a
quality producer at the helm
yeah there's a lot of good in season 2
of daredevil I don't
the and I'd like this is going to be the
big issues for the defender is I thought
the weakest part of daredevil season 2
was was Elektra and the hand and of
course that's all Iron Fist is about is
the hand and now that's the big
defenders thing except we don't
necessarily know who Sigourney Weaver is
yet oh ok so you know we don't know if
she's an actress who's been in a lot of
movies that are staples of our childhood
you ask dumb questions Aang what you
expect we don't know that character
Sigourney Weaver is playing in the
defenders yet rich oh I've heard
murmurings word on the web is that she
is going to be Mephisto who who is the
devil and no finer choice no finer
choice the defenders fighting the devil
I don't know about that I don't know
about that man you got a lot of
street-level heroes you got a lot of
street-level heroes and they've they
might not be fighting you know they're
fighting the hand they're hot they're
fighting the hand and so there's just
saying that maybe she's in charge of the
hand we got a lot of street level the
devil just bored yeah you know I'm gonna
work these ninjas yeah a fucking devil
Mephisto is everywhere in the Marvel
Universe
it sounds like a Sherlock movie now
welcome to comic books oh look at lady's
cottage a bowman that was adorable
oh I'm gonna get you yeah I'm gonna get
you
look at this little good hey can we link
give me I'm gonna stab you in the shins
isn't that old Chinese woman in charge
of the handi sure but we don't know
who's in charge her one clever game so
and like I said that's just a rumor I
don't even know if that's true she could
just be some evil business lady
some random evil business lady but but
she probably has a some sort of cameo
you would assume right like some sort of
character from the Marvel Universe
what about cameo well I guess you don't
call that a cameo but I would assume
that she is she's probably somebody
she's some we have heard of in some
comic yeah why are people saying
Mephisto I'm not saying the connection
there say oh that Mephisto was the low
right had to deal with these swords Ben
buggy's Mephisto was was a was rumored a
long time ago from and some leaked or
some like script leaked or something
like that I forget what it was and then
it was announced that Sigourney Weaver
was cast who's you know a fairly big
name so I just think it was one of those
like oh yeah she's a big name she could
play it she could play a major villain
ah they don't like the light it's been a
bit a long time since I had played this
game and so I think the other the other
aspect to that is if they did ever want
to use Mephisto in the MCU in general
Sigourney Weaver would be able to do
that as well you know if she is
Mephisto and she's not necessarily
adorable skeleton why are they tiny I
don't as they leaning I looks hilarious
though coming don't they I don't
remember I don't remember so much about
this game that it's funny Thanks fuck
oh let's see here um Anonymous's hey
guys I'll have a degree in mechanical
engineering by this time next week Oh
aren't you mr. fancy-pants I was gonna
say congratulations but fucking coming
down here to brag hi son of a bitch that
sounds like a really difficult thing to
do I guess I'm okay with them bragging
about that I'm thinking of taking copies
of my diploma cap and gown to a shooting
range is there a funnier way to deface
them why would you want to do that this
sounds like a really big accomplishment
something you should be proud of you
could face their cap and gown if they
want I'm saying that's a plumber frame
it man let's let's see diploma that's
what you want to shoot you earned it I
I'd say if you could take it to a skeet
shooting range because like if you hit
some if you hit a your diploma with you
know some shotgun pellets then it's
gonna burst I'm just gonna move it use
any shooting range Lance Lance L Anna
ster says hey from Marinette Wisconsin
hello moog master 34 has a very
important question write tests yeah what
do you want favorite all-time ctrl key
word Mouse
that's not the question all time can be
answered controller range what
controller feels the best when you put
it in your fucking hands I'm not that
finicky about this long as it's well
constructed okay remind the PlayStation
DualShock I don't I don't mind the Xbox
pro controller that's a well-built fine
controller that controls fucking I'll
take a decent mouse over either now I
really I'm not that Finnish okay alright
I got I got 2 faves that that Xbox pro
like whatever called the elite
controller that whatever that
ridiculously expensive Xbox controller
that I have is one of the greatest
controllers I've ever put in my hands
yeah ever ever number two real easily is
the GameCube controller
I loved the shape of it the button
layout like the I didn't like that you
didn't the shoulder buttons oh no I
don't mind the groove but just that
that's separate Z button I am but you've
never used it it didn't matter you want
I want those four buttons on top just
for just you want you want to standard
you plug it in anywhere and use it for
any game the the thumb layout with the
one big button the smaller button and
then the two curvy buttons you never
liked it was so natural
everything about the GameCube controller
was so natural I loved it like I was I
was playing breath of the wild with the
the switch pro controller I wasn't I
really wish I could use my xbox one
instead it was fine I just okay
it's a controller yeah the switcher pro
controller has got an appropriate number
of buttons and sticks and I am fine with
it it known it is I'm and that's what I
was like in general like the Xbox
controller you know Xbox 360 Xbox one
controller would be my go-to those
things are great
the this that specific pro controller
though the the material it's made out of
the weights the the way you can
customize the triggers the bumper panels
everything about that pro controller is
fucking phenomenal I love it
but that GameCube controller especially
for those thumb button the thumb button
mapping of the GameCube controller is
where it's at and man back in the day
when we got when we got our hands on the
wave birds
remember those wave birds like the first
really nice wireless controller did not
have them it was it was not next level
gaming rich at the time I stuck here
yeah you're probably supposed to how I
don't know grip over I see that now
I didn't see that till I already started
jumping over just a little bit too late
Neal we and nunchuck was not a bad was
not a bad setup for most games like I
said that's how I played this game was
the was the nunchuck and man in the
window and I thought I worked out just
fine sheiva x51 says Sigourney Weaver in
defenders is most assuredly white tiger
going by her outfit and it also make
more sense
oh dude today oh god get out of there
get out of Linc you dickhead you seen
this to yourself Linc
okay I don't know I guess I don't know
too much about white tiger
I don't either yeah
Muldoon oh yeah we already talked about
alien covenant our radar our feelings
range from indifference to stronger
indifference I my feel my major feeling
is just sad it's come to this Ridley
Scott it's come to this
what what what pushed me from
indifference to almost not wanting to
see it is when Ridley Scott says I got
five more ready to go oh god right and
you go seam deep mud to see like really
poor with handling his finances that's
not a joke no legitimate question I
don't think it was that I just think
he's he's um he's going through like a
late career crisis where he's 80 it's
he's about to die yes he's going through
a late career crisis and and he's maybe
like he's thinking back he's remembering
the nostalgia creating these movies that
have shaped a generation and he hasn't
made anything that has done that
recently I want to get back there on a
get back to the way I used to make films
and uh you know what he just doesn't get
is we don't want that we just want to
watch alien just let us watch alien let
us watch Blade Runner you don't need to
make new ones
got it yeah I think that's what it is
mall right go like I just gotta I wanna
a little take a little taste of those
glory days you know I'm saying and seven
tricky we don't know the answer to that
question anonymous says hi Jack hi rich
hijack hi rich hijack hi rich hijack hi
rich hijack hi rich hijack hi rich
hijack hi rich hijack hi rich hijack
hi rich hijack hi rich hijack hi rich
hello
great
great ah oh fuck that up
rich no I didn't know looking out with
how much affordable damage that did oh
no I lost 3/4 of a heart Jesus Christ
game what are you even giving me heart
containers if I don't need more than one
I could play it without picking them up
and then you cut out a large chunk of
the exploration yeah the fuck should
have started in Hero Mode oh you know I
just quick play through the games what I
was thinking right right I should have
started in Hero Mode my goods a double
damage from how easy this is that's true
for private magician the game true the
GameCube controller if you remember do
you remember how their shoulder buttons
worked with a soft press and a hard
press yeah that was great yeah that was
great that was before we had that you
can do that in a lot of different
controllers well now but at the time you
could the questions which is our
favorite now right which would you want
to which would you want to use for a
game is how I take that till the
motherfucking GameCube controllers a
great controller and if it's anything
where I may make a gun the answer is a
keyboard mouse right of course of course
rich
hey tired sad wants to know how
super-pumped we are that today is the
first official day that the Aquaman
movie is in production here in some
crickets great ah
when does Wonder Woman come out is that
August 2 you know Jim oh wait no it's
June 2nd
oh is it June June 2nd specifically and
I know for a reason I'm not going to
talk about oh ok
Internet I'm very curious about Wonder
Woman the you know the first DC movie
without Zack Snyder helming at least you
know he's behind the scenes but he's not
helming so curious very curious every
one second oh ok well yeah so that's
something like again let a much like
spider-man it's I'm not like excited to
see it but I'm very curious like what
are they gonna do what are you gonna do
Jack I'm sure we are all curious about
wonder one aren't you like like I said
if if Wonder Woman is even a halfway
decent movie even if it's just mediocre
and it still does well at the box office
that can start giving Warner Brothers
excuses to remove Zack Snyder from their
properties which you know for anyone who
doesn't like him it's very exciting
morbid curate morbidly curious
absolutely that's exactly
uh-huh farted hey guys I was thinking
about past video game systems and forgot
that Guitar Hero used to be a thing
besides the current VR what do you think
is the next gimmick ie Virtual Boy
love the stream of Vinh VR other than VR
what's the next gimmick I'm not sure I'm
not sure if I knew what the next gimmick
was I'd be making it in cashing in on it
true dad
true dad well I'm trying to think of
like a trend that we're seeing or that
we're starting to see now and I can't
even I hope the next trend is gameplay
that would be nice
that would be how fun is this game gonna
be rather than we hired 50 voice actors
and the 78 cutscenes you know what but
we got we got doom
we got breath of the wild we hired a
team of Academy award-winning
screenwriters your game what game the
wet oh shit
a platformer here's what I'll say about
that
Guitar Hero guitar hero is without
question one of the most immersive games
ever played like I know you're not a big
liked music game fan or rhythm game fan
but I will hold guitar hero up as one of
the greatest games as far as immersion
is involved because you like of course
you know you're just hitting the buttons
that correspond with the colors to time
you are following the rhythm but
eventually you get into a good enough
flow where because of the guitar because
of how you're playing because of your
standing it actually feels like you are
causing the notes to be played that
would be why these games were highly
popular I fucking love Guitar Hero I
love it and it feels so good I would
love to do an entire episode on guitar
hero but we never cook because like the
footage we would you like all the
footage would have to be silent I have
no rhythm
I'm a terrible and rich has no rhythm so
there wouldn't be anyone good to to talk
to but I I really really have a great
deal of fond memories for Guitar Hero
it's that we can't I don't even know if
we can stream guitar hero could we
stream that with all the songs I I don't
know I don't know that would be a
terrible question does anybody stream
guitar hero if nobody does then you know
you can't well and the other thing is we
probably shouldn't because like there's
no way we could even like there's no way
you could talk while playing guitar here
the hard guitar here
if I can't die I can't tell you that
get a copy of guitar freaks arcade game
not a real song okay
a guitar here a stream without the audio
would make a good joke dream that's true
I could like put headphones on we could
mute the game audio and like I'll just
put the guitar right up next to the
microphone so all you hear is the click
that'd be great that'd be great
but I you know and I I played a little
bit of a rock band after you know after
Guitar Hero they made rock band which
was you know the whole band you could
play the bass the drums you could sing
and that didn't that that felt like you
could start to feel the bloat but but
those original like though I want to say
those first two guitar heroes oh those
were something special those are
something goddamn special that was one
of those things you know like we talked
about we talked about like VR and how
Best Buy was removing like hundreds of
VR tester areas because it wasn't
helping sell any VR units
I mean people who tried it didn't want
it people who try to go okay oh this is
neat but what's the point what can I do
with this right here I remember back in
the day there was a line to test out
Guitar Hero at Best Buy
it was so popular people just would wait
in line inside Best Buy to play guitar
hero we're gonna push VR VR because they
want the new gimmick but they're just
not there right well they don't there's
no there's no app you don't have the
thing that makes it necessary yet you
don't you don't have what you need to
make it worth it you don't touch touch
and movement yeah yeah I can put a thing
on my head and look around can I
actually feel something in my hand no
right if I push will well if I push a
wall where my hands stop do I want to
pay $700 to be a ghost in a virtual
world who cannot feel anything and and I
and I can only move on rails and yeah
yeah
so so but I guess that was my point like
a lot of pic16f877a CH the moment you
realize the next generation data is one
side lore is the other representing the
science versus myth data versus lore to
get it hey hey cool cool
that's neat yeah you know what that is
neat do you believe data or do you
believe more oh that's fun you know what
I would never put that together Lloyd
beats congratulations I believe Dana
over myth yet well yes of course but I
think that was just them hammering home
the point yeah I ate it you know fact
versus story data versus lore that's
that's clever that's clever too clever
for me to get it but damn clever Laura
there's a character they did a lot of
good things with
mmm and they got that one episode you
know what else do you need descent
descent which one was that that was the
lame Borg one where he took over the
Borg and yeah oh it really drove home
how inherently creepy data is when one
just just they give emotion and and and
he turns into a homicidal may
who's gonna kill his best friends yeah
that's dateable emotion
yay TV shows used to be clever know
there's still clever TV shows are great
there's great TV shows the Fargo there's
Fargo man what it's talking about
apparently the handmaiden tales really
good I haven't seen it but Mike Mike
tweeted something recently there's like
a list of rotten tomato tomato scores of
like the movies that were in the
theaters now vs. Rotten Tomatoes scores
over shows that were on TV right now
Oh a whole lot of rotten vs. a whole lot
of fresh I would absolutely believe yeah
there's a lot there's a lot of fine TV
out right now fine TV I know I'm gonna
lose a quarter heart 3/4 of a heart huh
oh no yeah you do I don't have to I
don't have to be afraid at all of these
things
handmade stamina and whatever whatever
it is I hear really great things that
lady from madmen is it
