Skyway to Hell!!!(Part 1)
August 27, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T2IbzpwipZA

to the stream what went wrong this time
Jack what keeps going wrong everything
everything keeps killing them's the
breaks jack
son of a bitch rich we we are playing
sky rogue we were hoping to play diddy
kong racing which is a game that we have
tried to play now I want to say for the
past four streams hey everybody
yeah what's wrong with the lights in
there we got our cam bling set up and
you're seeing the the TV reflects back
on us
things aren't I could actually probably
turn the camera to auto white balance
but then I wonder if it would like
constantly changing what do you want to
try turning up
I'll try turning up the frame lines we
have try turning up the lights so so as
you guys know you know we constantly
have we constantly have problems with
our webcam with our webcam rich I'm
talking about the constant technical
problems we have with our webcam so oh
that oh that looks nicer
hold on now what now I'm gonna adjust
the camera
what's wrong with the camera well that
was good right
he looks I think it looks dark now they
look fine before yeah yeah whatever it's
fine oh it's pretty good just gonna say
it's great that looks pretty good
Jack stop dicking with it nope constant
dickory that's how it works here I split
the difference
so hopefully fuck just fucking
everything just fucking fucking
everything rich I want to play fucking
sky rogue alright hopefully this is a
fun game oh similar controls you
probably like arcade controls yeah okay
okay so classic steering kind of curious
about simulator stirring steer the
aircraft all directions roll to the left
to turn are you just holding left and
right yeah just left right to turn and
then pitch up and down whoa shit and
that's the camera but I'm not like n64
well this isn't blurry and grainy and
there's a decent resolution so this
looks nothing like n64 it really wants
me to use mouse controls button
I feel like this kind of game was meant
for a controller well it looks like it's
giving you mouse or left I'm the thing
right use the lipstick I'm using the
left stick okay and hit a button uh-huh
hit a button oh there we go I needed it
okay look around okay so now I'm looking
around whoa look if I if I start playing
XCOM yeah that's all I'm gonna do for
like months yeah I'm kind of in a happy
little stardew valley place right now
okay we're gonna XCOM we'll be there
when I'm ready for it I'm not I'm not
old you're freaking worried about it
whoa do you not get machine guns it's
just all missiles I think I get to
change okay we gotta go to the target
here
you can't go butter butter butter butter
butter butter butter butter I want to
I got a I got a target taco oh you get
like a like a ball awareness in in
rocket League you can yeah you know have
it lock on to a target choose why now or
like an excellent alliance when it
focused on your target
ah neat pressing down on the stick while
turning
as primary target now okay
hey I said we're probably gonna have to
switch off on this I want to try this
this is need I'll tell you this is need
shit where my god try not crashing into
the ground I'm not I'm what are you what
are you doing I'm trying to fault they
see that arrow that says command I'm
trying to follow that arrow
I think that arrow is just behind you go
back to the green thing in the sky what
do you know look that white arrow tells
me to go there alone let me get it
further away from the carrier after
destroying the objective oh well up that
thing on the ground that's I did shoot
fire - firing great I'm just gonna go to
the carry that seems like a glitch I'm
just gonna go to the carrier okay so you
know what happened rich let's let's get
back to the story that we were telling
the important story that we were telling
of why we are not playing Diddy Kong
race
yeah because that is the important story
is it because I remember the guy got I I
had to buy controllers like and the only
way to get them to me fast enough was to
buy third-party controllers oh do you
have bombs huh bombs do you have bombs
not missiles but bombs I have this eye
flare or micro and rocket what's the
other thing
what's a flare you only have two yeah so
let's see if these did not this seems
like a glitch
I'm unconvinced I'm thinking that I blew
it up too fast like I blew it up before
it told me to blow it up because yeah
like it tells me there's something there
but there's nothing there oh oh you
can't why can't they follow the simple
direction on the top I land I can
explain the simple direction on the top
it says land at the carrier after
destroying the objective to proceed to
the next Island yes you can also land to
repair and rearm here's but if you guys
notice there is a giant white arrow that
says that shows me worthy image acts
head-up display there's a white arrow
that says command and it's pointing to
the honest pointing to the island and
then when I went to the carrier it said
I stalled or something no you stalled
the probably because you want straight
up in the air in your engine stalled oh
I don't want them trying to carry it
yeah yeah we'll try the carrier again
okay so I had to buy third party
Nintendo 64 controllers to make sure
they got here in time for the stream
today yeah I got that taken care of a
major had all my cables we have Diddy
Kong Racing we got here and we hooked it
up to the elgato like we've done so many
times before with a with different RGB
cables right then we weren't getting a
signal and it was weird you know we did
a bunch of restarting and I just kind of
let it I don't know how you landed this
but I knew that was gonna happen
alright let's try that again by the way
the chat is saying you know that the
last target you destroy the the I know X
you did it's still stays another marker
for the command that arrow it's a glitch
okay so that is it so that was a glitch
yeah yeah there we go so that was a
question that's fine okay I landed so we
got it all good to go and it wasn't
turning on so then we hooked up the n64
directly to the TV no Elgato and we were
not getting a signal and you know we
tried to Jimmy
shake it and do all that fun stuff and
for some reason we were not getting mad
well because I actually went landing to
be more difficult I'm not horrible just
got close and hit a button and where's
the button for like landing gear and
then you got slowed down you gotta get
the angle right that's what I want on a
flight simulator check that's fine rich
this is more arcadey I feel sure
incoming this game looks low fight you
ever see the earliest flight simulators
that shit was all just blocks man
triangles and blocks triangles and
blocks there we go now we got a machine
gun what button is that I just got it
this time
yay fuck was that I died I died rich
okay so working because we're in the
middle of telling a story and I keep
getting distracted by the game I really
should have waited and till and finish
the story and then played so we hooked
up the n64 directly to the TV and we
weren't getting any signals really weird
because we've used this n64 before these
have a range of them these have a range
on them these have a range of 500 weapon
they're real
you know I just need to get into range
or flares but you normally use to stop a
missile that's got a lock on you yeah
I'm not on killers you're firing it at
other people don't know I'm not on
players you were before
no I'm not obviously no no you can see
the weapon I'm on is light blue we
that's funny
are you Amy lock flares huh flares I
don't know how to use them
whoa you slow down your speed yeah oh
yeah I had him rich oh I stalled speed
up everything's fine everything's fine
I I'm gonna have to give this job this
is really neat I am I'm actually really
enjoying it oh please you should be blow
it up okay yeah fucking hit by a missile
jack it's fine everything's fine it's
not fine look fine about that
shake these missiles
this looks fun this is fun as fuck kind
of into it there you go that's one way
to take him down
just smash into him I got it done rich
so the in support wasn't working and so
I started to remember that oh they're
the mission not the missus so I started
to remember that back when you and I
were on half in the bag as part of that
storyline yeah that Mike and J like we
brought a bunch of our nerd stuff yeah
to the to the studio so Mike and Jacob
use it and included in that was my n64
this game looks so bad since the chat
are you kidding oh no I'm kind of in
this game looks great I am kind of into
it
but I'm gonna die so I did my mission it
was a bad shape huh fuel yeah it's
looking fab your fuel yeah I'm going
back I'm going back going back to my
carrier turning is harder than you would
think
or doing that doing the barrel roll is
harder than you think
and so I'm remembering that we brought
mine in 64 there and I and I remember
somewhere in my mind Mike doing
something with the n64 and we asked the
chat do you guys remember Mike doing
anything with the n64 on one of the half
in the bags and they they believed he
was so I think I think Mike broke the
n64 it's possible stylee possible it's
entirely possible and so we had of
course of course it's some stupid video
game thing that I brought in too you
know
decorate the set so basically Mike
ruined it blame Mike and I'll be I'll be
adding that too to the list of things
Mike owes me and I'll need a new and 64
lookout you check the n64 out of TV at
all before or after you probably even
know about the have in the bag no I
don't watch all the half in the bags
like I said it like it's jet it's just
here for a while we brought when we will
for the storyline where the half of the
bag repair shop we we me and Jack were
running it as a video game right repair
shop right right we brought a bunch of
our own shit in to decorate the set
right our own nerd stuff including all
of my video game consoles so you know to
get rid of the VCRs you have old video
game consoles that storyline was ongoing
so our junk was just on the set for a
while oh sure well it's not like I was
using the n64 but I had it and if I know
it worked before cuz that's this is the
n64 that we used years ago when we did
like Mario Kart yeah yeah all those
other games on streams so I did know it
works before and now it doesn't so
like lat oh right and I haven't used it
since law we dig out the n64 so often
right for a library of mediocrity
there's a few except you major
exceptions Mario Kart is a fun game I
don't actually hate okarin oh oh okay
now uh of time this fine game Mario 64
is good nothing else of note in my
opinion you know as far as I give a shit
came out about it cuz I don't give a
fuck about Smash Brothers right I don't
give a flying fuck about Smash Brothers
I do
I like Smash Brothers alright I rebound
control so now rolling are the shoulder
buttons as they should be
Goldeneye oh yeah first-person shooter
with a wonky controlled stick and and
movement with those goddamn yellow
camera buttons so sign me up
it's what we had man it's what we had
and we loved it it's what we had and we
fucking loved it
it's garbage to me first-person shooter
with a controller ah oh wait I broke
something Turek dinosaur hunter
first-person shooter with a controller
whoo doom 64 first-person shooter with a
control we can go on doom 64 I think the
sprites and it look ugly as hell yeah
yeah I played it a little bit I'm like
oh it's just like regular doom but ugly
I suppose that's a way to look at it oh
shit Wow yeah you've they're serious
about that whole stalling thing you have
unlimited ammo for that machine gun I
believe there's a cool-down period oh
this is rich like a first-person shooter
with a controller any of them like any
closest I've come to liking like men
even that first person I don't think
there's any first-person shooter I like
with a controller I do love vanquish
sure and before that was out of PC I can
only play that with a controller so you
dealt with it much to vanquish is credit
I think it played fine but I did abuse
the time slowdown powers haha like
constantly and that's probably why oh
and I'm sure that's why the time
slowdown powers over there right no in
general I think of controllers I'm
assuming anyone who's asking about this
is new to our streams that could be I
think a controller is just an awful way
to play a shooter
mouths for life you know and that's
that's how that's all I had for a while
and so I I foolishly
I here's here's what I will always say
about controllers I will always defend
controllers as being more comfortable
yeah then mouse and keyboard but if you
want to be at all precise you need a
mouse I can understand why you would
think there mark you know just were used
to her more comfortable but as somebody
who pretty much sense sense like up and
down became a thing in video games I
forced myself to learn how to use a
mouse yeah video games and it is
perfectly comfortable for me it's really
you know the keyboard I've never and you
know it's it's been years now and I can
never be comfortable with the keyboard
I can I can get it I can get it I mean
just speaking for me yeah
it's comfortable Wow yeah I could never
understand the keyboard
yeah do so do you see like that little
gun recharge thing you see like how it's
like oh this is a recharge yeah like you
know you get right all right look at
recharges bullet by bullet that's fine
that's fine compromise between depth and
action yeah
although I need to go back into the
controls again because for some reason
my I tried to change barrel roll to to
my shoulder buttons and it didn't take
pops on halo I've never played it
I understand at some point there was a
PC release but for the most part the
Halo games are our console things uh
yeah that's a fair statement and I avoid
first-person shooters where you're using
a controller like the plague this is
super fun rich halo halo to me when I
look at halo now keep in mind I haven't
played it so this isn't an official
review or critique yeah it looks like
nothing new it looks like quake 2 only
like years later that that's a suit like
I I have I've played halo and I don't
understand the love for it it's it's
just a shooter like it's just a pretty
generic shooter cuz it was it was
consulars first sure sure and you know
when I came out to me it just looked old
hat mm-hmm
like then I play this 10 years ago that
was my thought on Halo in this 10 years
old
wait I've done this
it's nothing like quick that's right
it's got rechargeable health
that's right quick quick you know you
have to earn your yet to earn your
health halo you can just hang around
whoo I gotta get out of here I am rather
enjoying this I'll tell you what how
many engines do I need to get rid of on
this carrier
whoo gotcha motherfucker a person in
chat wouldn't want an autistic ban you
for 30 minutes burn banned shit did you
shoot me down hello
I'm trying to pull up what happened I
was almost very disappointed oh that's
fun
great tail-mounted gun Thanks
I don't know what any of this tech means
I'm just fun I'm just just doing stuff
Oliver just points are do this everyone
I know that plays halo doesn't with
their friends to be social what the fuck
is can be about it and that's true you
know what a halo back in the day you
know like with land parties and then you
know with the later halos they it was a
big multiplayer game because that was
another thing and you know again in the
early days of the internet you know and
if you're a console player multiplayer
games are from my point of you just look
like the console is catching up right
oh shit yeah this thing
Chad I've never said anything about what
your three I haven't plated you people
are trying to be you've been what trying
to ruin my good mood today
apparently why the dickheads I'm looking
at this game I'm thinking this looks fun
it is you know what rich it is fun real
games
no dice or honor I'm sorry but did you
just go forward at dice order I say
there's there's a what there's a turkey
alone let's try the cluster bomb oh oh
oh oh fun look at this rich oh you can
choose your color oh fuck yes I'm gonna
be this one do they have different stats
yeah or not the colors but like you can
choose like different okay I just
unlocked this one the light bomber yeah
so that's what we're going out as
obviously yeah I already did that let's
go launch let's do it I'm gonna start
banning anyone in the chat just everyone
who just irritates me and you know I was
I I got it Witcher I got it I understood
why it was why people loved it I get it
and then everyone was like crazy
afterwards because like I was playing it
wrong even though I was having a great
time playing it excuse me there we go
I was trying to ride it I was trying to
ride it and I didn't and we're just
gonna try again we'll just go again
which is fine we're just gonna go again
but you know what the combat was really
nice I love the open world I could just
kind of walk around and do what I want
as far as Witcher 3 is concerned I
thought yeah I mean you know me and
cutscenes and the game starts with about
an hour and a half long cutscene a 30
minute timeout it's not it's not the
worst thing that could happen to
you bag oh no I'm not permabanning
anyone just a timeout just a small
reminder like hey let's be cool to each
other
ah I feel about the season of Rick and
Morty so far I'm enjoying it yeah I'm
waiting for it to run out of steam it
hasn't yet that's good that's good if
you're if you're you know
wait are you expecting it to run out of
steam yeah because it's you can't be
that good forever huh sure okay I get it
I get it
yeah what I mean by that is it's too
good for me to believe they can keep it
up right right and that's you know what
that's an okay problem to have gotcha
it's too good that's fine
this game is giving me Rogue Squadron
flashbacks if any of you played that you
have right you always sure sure the old
Star Wars start yeah you know what it's
a little bit like that except for I
think the idea with this is that it's a
it's it's a roguelike flights in yeah
that was I was when those came out I was
a big fan of the the x-wing games and
Rogue Squadron in comparison was just so
shallow yeah I could see that I could
absolutely see that right so I I didn't
care for it much but uh yeah this is
this is you know a little Arkady little
bolita Stritch look I didn't see you
can't enjoy Rogue Squadron I'm gonna
find you god damn it said that alright
alright there you go there you go 10
minutes 10 minutes Wow
you fucked up man look at this big
fucking bomb I don't think I'm using it
right yet still figuring out how to use
it
but I got this big fucker riches nope
show riches riches in a great mood I
know what you're talking about
well riches and riches in a great
okay ready
so the mods of the night I'm not gonna
catch everything I'm gonna be too busy
talking to Jack
can we please play destiny - just for
fun nope nope
once again I'm not a fan of shooters
with controllers yep and you know
destiny like I I've heard enough people
like describe destiny to me where I
totally understand why people like it
world of warcraft that's and that's just
kind of grandi shit it's like World of
Warcraft but with shooting yeah right
and so but like I understand why people
like world of warcraft you know destiny
is this city - one pc i know the first
one that was ps4 exclusive right second
one might be coming out on PC I don't
know and I don't I don't really care
yeah with you
blow the ship up Oh all right that's all
I want to do I want to blow that ship up
the more things you blow up the more
money you get and then you can spend
that money for a buying new shit so I'm
just having a little fun but I need to
go back and I need to reconfigure these
controls yes to is on PC no controllers
at all and it's properly optimized oh
okay so it's still an MMO it's like you
know it's because you also know Rich's
feelings about like massively
multiplayer online games which is
generally speaking you know not the best
yeah quit to the main menu yo I need to
figure out a better way to do roll right
stick X whatever I don't give a shit
none of the ads for destiny ever made me
go wow this looks like something I
really need to try right
oh I get it all right
Titus 84 says rich this is likely
already been asked any thoughts on the
new XCOM expansion set for a September
release tits um
I'm sure it'll be it might be fine I I
know it's coming I'm I'm not gonna rush
shit I broke something I broke something
I broke something god damn it
restore defaults totally broke something
all right
there we go
yeah I totally broke it which is fine I
just have to get used to the dodging the
dodging is weird because you have to
click down on the left stick and then
flip and that's weird but no I'm not
you're not what Oh
the response to the thing that got the
person bad okay yeah ten minutes
come on relax
yeah
I mean I'm I'm you know I'm I'm down for
just we're gonna expand XCOM to because
I love XCOM - right I know nothing I
really saw or heard about when they
talked about it at e3 had my my tongue
hate it like a gonna go oh boy oh boy
you know nothing nothing wowed my socks
off
okay it all sounds like fine additions
but nothing I don't know how well the
factions things gonna work I don't know
know willing to give it a shot
that's cool that's all that really
matters
how far did says hey Richie jack in my
younger years I mistakenly got a Sega
because I wanted the blood in Mortal
Kombat sure sure stupid kid
no that's the stuff that was the selling
point for a lot of us any console you've
ever regret getting last I had a Virtual
Boy so dumb
yeah when I was a kid I got the Sega
Saturn instead of a Playstation one
that's ringing whoo there you go that's
a good one yeah good one yeah Sega
Saturn
young man what year was that
well use the PlayStation 1 and Saturn
it's a good question 90s right good
ladies early nineties is what I want to
say is like 91 a little bit later 91 91
was like Super Nintendo but I'm like 95
I think are we that I don't understand
space or is a young kid I was a young
man basically a kid though but not quite
not a child right
you dink
let me wanna one says love you guys been
a huge fan for years he played my game
it crashed I was sad what games did we
play which game was that you might not
want to say because it crash remember
when we tried to play
I was the zombie one this is not be
survival 100 Project Zomboid yeah I know
what are the devs was sad that we we had
issues with it cuz they've just done
some big update
let me husband how's Project Zomboid
doing is that is that done if that was
you say to this okay Project Zomboid
holy shit you played dead space because
of that oh wow is that that stream right
about that stream obviously
whoa getting out of here
eternal early excess but we're getting
there right good mark eternal earlier I
think it sounds interesting I'll tell
you what when it's done
here's your incentive what it's done
yeah absolutely
email us prereq at red letter media
dot-com get on that shit
absolutely but in you know early access
just doesn't mean anything anymore
fucking fucking battlegrounds this
bothers you far more than a bother is is
the number is the number one there has
been the number one played game they
just had they just had a tournament rich
they just had a battleground tournament
where prize money was given out and it's
still an early access
dude tens of thousands of people enjoy
playing at the condition it's absolutely
Neverland who gives a fuck if it's got a
label on it that says early access
because now the label early access
doesn't mean anything anymore it's
craziness whatever crazy town all right
the label means nothing all right
I'm okay so the label means nothing so
the label means nothing anymore this
bothers me why because we're not we're
no longer know and like I like I said I
understand why it's important to devs
like getting that financial boon pay to
beta test this game here's the thing
though if you're an indie dev that's
invaluable they need that yes super
important are there gonna be some like
hacks out there more you know jerks and
don't you know put any effort into it
and slap it together and just want to
get your money out but them's the risks
you take as an adult making purchases
yeah
beta testing should be free and you've
run out of funds you can't afford to
complete your game and it never gets me
yeah that's your other option is just
yeah I guess the game won't get made it
says early access if you're too dumb to
realize what that means of them you know
buyer beware I don't I don't have much
for Moore's for you
maybe a spark and silver and you know do
a little bit of research look at that
look at the track record of like the
person who's made they've got like
they've done something shady shit like
this before then just think the the devs
yeah yeah by the where like let me
correct me if I'm wrong but Project
Zomboid that dev team is just like like
you would water to other people maybe
can you afford beta testing
shit they're coming reinforcements no I
and like I said I completely understand
the the benefit of of early access but
yeah I think it's it's creating a world
where a lot of people there's gonna be a
lot of scammers who's gonna be a lot of
I'll take that over the only games that
could made our call of duty because
that's popular and the triple-a city is
just want to make money sure sure yeah I
can see that
rich you ever play any Double Fine games
I'm one of the few people that that
likes brutal legend but I do feel like
it's missing a last act huh yeah you
talk about brutal legend a lot every
time I see you you every every single
time every single time I see you you
find a new excuse to bring up Ruta
legend
when when did you what when did you stop
believing in Santa Claus oh there's no
way I can remember that I gave it lip
service for a long time I thought a
mammogram but they're happy that I
believe sure sure
well I don't remember specifically when
was it yeah yeah yeah Santa Claus sure
yeah yeah yeah he's gonna you know you
don't want those right you don't want
those presents to stop you know yeah oh
Santa Claus right why don't I give my
list to you grandma we don't need to
mail it to Santa Claus anymore you can
get it to him right so I don't remember
when I stopped waving but I'd probably
said I believed far longer than I
actually believed sure
gobbledygook says jack jack
do you like community taking 21 units at
the JC this fall including beginning
guitar assembly game programming human
sexuality an introduction to commercial
art and keeping up with prereq nice you
know I watched a little bit of the first
season of community and decided that I
very much did not care for it I have
heard from multiple people that it's
just one of those games that gets good
at like season one it doesn't it doesn't
hit its mark you know like no once once
you get to the later seasons then like
once Dan Harmon gets to do his own thing
it gets so good but I like I never cared
to get there and also I hear like it has
a lot of up and downs you know like Oh
Dan Harmon got fired for a season yeah
so that's really crappy season but then
it came back and it's a really good
season so I never got into it I never
got into it I I have seen things from it
that I believe I would like but and I've
just never got around to it
before but let's deal with your kids in
Santa Claus you know at first I was on
the boat of not telling them about Santa
Claus yeah I told I told my wife I was
like let's not do Santa Claus it isn't
all strange that you know you're not a
religious person right and you have not
taught your kids about God or cheese
well no no I've taught them about God in
Jesus I've told I've taught them that
they're fictional right wouldn't it be
like usually hypocritical then like but
there's this fat man who lives in the
South Pole and he's immortal and he
brings presents to all the children
literally all Santa is is Jesus light
like you you know that you have to be
well-behaved and you can get the reward
instead of heaven you get presents
absolutely and that's that's what was my
feeling I was like let's not do Santa
let's just call
this you know a Christmas international
gift-giving day and let's just make it
about like buying gifts for other people
you know like all the same messaging
just without the branding of Christmas
that's what that's what I said at first
and my wife talked me out of it
mostly because every other kid they know
would be doing something like that would
be doing Christmas with Santa Claus and
then you don't want to have like the one
weirdo kid who's like Santa Claus
that's fake then you got the one kid in
school who's like an outcast because
they're not into Santa Claus
yeah yeah which is a very compelling
argument to me right I don't I don't
want to make my kids the weird one any
more than they already are can you make
an argument that the weird ones for not
believing in Jesus because I guarantee
you 90% of the 95 98 percent of those
kids in school or taught about Jesus and
believe in Jesus so your kids are the
one out there yeah but they don't go to
a religious school okay and really it
just does not come up that often like
yeah I I think your numbers might be a
little off there kids probably don't sit
around talking about Jesus right of
course of course of course so Santa
Claus big news and so like I got talked
down from that though and but I the way
I've played it and the way I've totally
so I'm gonna play I was like if they ask
me I'm not gonna confirm that he's real
like like last year they asked like I
got asked point-blank yeah he's Santa
Claus real and I said what do you think
the Neil deGrasse Tyson approach exactly
I kind of like you know what I like that
what do you what do you think and then
any and then he was like well you know I
don't think the guy at the mall is
really Santa and I was like all right
why is that and he's like yeah because
they're like everywhere they're at like
every mall and I was like yeah ok and
he's like so I think that those are just
helpers but there's probably a Santa I
mean we get presents and I was like why
do you why do you turn into a critical
thinking exercising how would you prove
whether or not there's
oh I like that like if you're if your
kid wants to set up like a camera by the
Christmas tree on Christmas Eve why
don't you just let them do it
now you're talking rich now you're
talking
I like it yeah and I think eventually
yeah then they get you know you know
heartbroken when they found out find out
Santa Claus isn't real but it was also a
fun game well no I'm not like like I
said I think I've hopefully I've done my
job teaching them to be critical
thinkers enough where when it comes time
for them to find out that Santa Claus
isn't real they'll be like oh okay yeah
but like yeah we just did that cuz it's
fun you know it was a fun thing to do
you know so hopefully they'll understand
hopefully they won't feel any sort of
you know hostility towards me
is it necessary to mention God at all to
kids instead of outright telling them
that he's real or fake because they're
gonna hear from someone else that he is
real yeah yeah you know the first the
first time that that I had mentioned God
to to Parker my oldest was when he saw a
billboard yeah and the billboard said
you know do you believe in God
will you go to heaven or it was way it
was like a Christian billboard and he
was just like who's God and I was like
oh right so yeah like they're just gonna
they're gonna hear about it yeah
and so yeah for me it was it was a
reaction to him but it's okay for
Christian parents to teach their kids
Christian values I think it's okay for a
non-believer to teach their kids that no
this some of the stuff isn't real
absolutely abso-freakin'-lutely rich if
no parents anywhere ever said anything
to their kids about God
uh-huh and just well we'll let the kids
decide every one would be an atheist
within two generations I kind of agree
with you
well no not everyone rich there's
there's some people out there you know
there's just some people out there
they've just you know nobody could do it
or wouldn't you know you can ensure that
ya can't teach your kids of our God what
happens you know we don't say anything
love the kids kids will find out on
their own let them investigate it
no you know I don't disagree with you
no I think they would make New Gods rich
you know what that would be pretty
industrious oh we have the ability to
explain a lot of the previously
mysterious things in the universe right
there's there's less need of how do I
explain this and I God it is that all
the time right when when when you know
someone you know gets gets gets analyst
and dies it's not well I guess the
forces just decided us know it was like
well they they had this disease they had
cancer they have this they had that we
know we know things now right we know
why the Sun Goes Down at night yeah we
no longer need to pray to the Sun gonna
know why the tides come in go out right
I'm with you I'm with you and yeah you
know like I've gotten some some harsh
criticisms mostly from you know my
parents who are religious about my
dealings with my children and religion
but you know you got a you got a do you
I made some parenting calls and I stick
by them I stick by
would win in a fight rich Evans or God
it's kind of me by default because God
would not show up at the appointed place
of time damn damn rich Evans bringing it
shit gotta get out of here now
Tim Mick seein 1:20 says hey Jack and
Rich your favorite troll here don't let
those haters get you down the ones of us
that helps love you very much that count
also what are your most anticipated
games thanks guys let's play more at
this point is just did I got so much old
ship to catch up on to be worrying about
what's what's new over the horizon
honestly yeah that's I am NOT looking
forward to anything I just I I'm I'm
right now going through old games just
because just to feel something again
like I played rocket League and man
rocket league is great I played rocket
League today and felt great about it
there's so much crap there's so much
grinding of crap I mean that in a
positive sense there's so much crap out
there and I love it
yeah Mario Odyssey looks fun why does he
looks like it would be fun nunim says
I'm watching the stream on my new 4k TV
and it looks great
boom or maybe you guys just spent the
last week at a tanning salon I'm a
little tan huh it's fine it's fine for
now it's fine for now it's really fine
for now Jack I don't know gobbledygook
says give destiny to on the PC a try
rich I mean why the fuck not you trendy
game hating fuck or my trendy game just
not being interested in can't it just be
not interested and as opposed to hating
and what's the deal what Mario playing
XCOM with rabbits play that dick and bio
bio mutant talk oh my god yeah so you
can tell him that tankers look how white
my leg is I've just been outside a lot
so alright umm I'm fine with the Mario
Rabbids game what's that coming up I
don't know no it's coming out this week
week this week we had to look into that
because because we're gonna do that
probably don't go bald rich it's out of
my hands
yeah you don't you do you think we get
to choose because we don't man whoa we
don't get to choose
yeah
I feel like both a/c atheists are just
agnostics I just yeah yes well what's
the no there's there's a bit of a
difference in that and I but there is
some crossover this is a matter of just
how you define words but right basically
yes most atheists are of the position I
don't know but but since there's no
clear evidence of a God there's no
reason just to believe in one just
because until you see a reason to
believe right like I said that doesn't
that doesn't mean that the existence of
a God is absolutely impossible right
that would be dishonest like I said
there's some crossover but yeah they're
they're different ish different ish
I can who's the lock Anatomy what would
be a good reason for rich to believe I
have no idea I would know it when I saw
it
haha yeah that's a that's a tricky
question right there who did who didn't
oh here you are
yeah you're come here why is the chat
obsessed with religion it's just the
thing they want to talk about right now
is the Chad people people take religion
pretty seriously
I suppose that's true that's what they
want to talk about at the moment we'll
talk about it with them it's fine it's
fine you know what it's fine
no I do not believe in ghosts in this
age of Photoshop I'm not sure you could
get me to believe in ghosts
I mean I have to be honest if I if I
thought like a ghost flew through the
wall and started talking to me yeah I
would be more inclined to believe I were
having some kind of mental breakdown
sure that I was actually talking to a
spirit my reaction would be oh great now
I need to go to the emergency room I'm
having some pretty intensive loosin
ations here because that's far more
likely thing right oh great I need to go
to the emergency room
do I believe in aliens extraterrestrials
III think it's highly likely that there
is life out there elsewhere in the
universe there's just too many fucking
planets uh-huh I do not necessarily
believe that we have been visited by
them though there you go
there you go nice rich nice
like like movies that have aliens like
invading to steal resources yeah these
things are plentiful in the universe
they don't they don't need to go down to
a planet that's got some primitives on
it and blow them all up and take their
shit they could just they could mined
the asteroid field right and you know or
get some water out by Pluto and it would
be far easier you wouldn't even have to
like land on a planet and you know we
have to worry about gravity and lifting
off and or an atmosphere that might not
that might not support your particular
species use mine from the asteroid
that's just fucking sitting there and
it's loaded with gold and all the shit's
got all the shit right look at all of
this fucking water on this comet you
know and there's no microbes floating
around in this shit so you have to worry
about contamination by some bizarre
alien disease just take it directly off
of this fucking comet
oil we put this big fucking solar panel
in front of the Sun yeah solar panel in
space which is I don't know a ridiculous
amount of times more efficient than a
solar panel on the earth but they don't
have to worry about tilting it to face
the Sun and clouds and it's dark half
the time yeah I can't imagine too many
spaceships run on oil you park some
fucking solar panels around the Sun
there you go
I'm not gonna consider myself an expert
on this but yes that's that's what a
Dyson Sphere is the theoretical Dyson
Sphere is it's basically a giant solar
panel built around a star that's what a
Dyson Sphere is so there's there's no
good reason for an alien to come here
pretty much except for you know to be
the villain in a movie right
aliens show up just to watch our shitty
old movies they don't need to weigh em
to do that right they can watch all of
our TV shows all of our movies all they
want from the atmosphere without having
to deal with us dickheads
the only the only the only reason an
alien would have the land and earth and
we just harass some kind of hick just
find some redneck shove something up his
butt and then just drop a bag off on
earth and and laughs just for fun just
for fun he's gonna go display this to
his friends you're gonna think he's
crazy we're gonna we're gonna tell him
it's for medical reasons oh yeah what
hello what do you got
see a trattoria it's just sticking up
his blackness yes
crazy right recent alien would have to
visit the earth stay you're right up his
butt it's gonna be crazy man you don't
even know yes what rich is saying is
that predator is the most realistic
fictional alien no and alien and these I
think the xenomorph is pretty believable
animal being an animal yeah
really interested in this Cartoon
Network question that you asked it over
and over you guys have her fans of
anything uncut to network I lose track
of what cartoon came from what channel
to tell you the honest truth oh sure
Hummer get me do you consider Adult Swim
part of the Cartoon Network
well I suppose yeah technically because
if that's the case there's a ton of them
Metalocalypse Rick and Morty the Venture
Brothers
oh sure I'll I mean you know Tim and
Eric
there's Selma there's so much fun stuff
that came out of Cartoon Network if
we're gonna include adults one which I
think we should and I think adults one
should be included but if you if you
don't I honestly don't remember what
cart term came from what this point I
don't I haven't I haven't had cable in
ages all everything everything I watch
TV show wise i watch it online and I
don't pay attention to cut to network
presents or whoever whoever did what
it's I don't whatever oh sure sure Oh
have you Micro missiles whoa look at
that guy
it's the most supernatural experience
you have had in your life the most
supernatural we got Jack the most
supernatural we we moved around a lot
when I was a kid because my mom was was
a house flipper
yeah for a long time and so what she
would do is buy a house and then to save
money all of us would live in it and
anytime we weren't in school we would
all do the repairs yeah and and then as
soon as it was you know beautiful and
livable we would go move into another
garbage house yeah but there was one
house in particular it was a very old
house like it had it had like the the
front pillars off of the front door was
on a Main Street it looked like an old
plantation house you know very old very
cool and it had a lot of noises and
often times we would wake up and all the
cabinets would be open and this isn't
this is a real thing I don't believe in
ghosts yeah but all of the cabinets were
open and the candy pantry door and so
that like we just attributed it to like
a drafty house and tilted a lot but I
want to say for like a month straight
every morning we would wake up every
single cabinet would be open in the
kitchen kind of weird unexplained not
ghosts it was an old drafty house that
I'm sure tilted a lot but very weird
don't you think
it's also very likely that it was one of
my older siblings waking up in the
middle of the night doing that on
purpose just to fuck with me absolutely
I'm sure when I was a kid there was
something or other like a door that
creaked open was the wind blew and I
convinced myself it was a ghost like
probably but
note that I can remember so not not
really okay the closest I have to
anything like this and this this might
tell you a lot about me when I was
fairly young I remember looking up in
the sky and I saw what looked like a
metallic ball just floating hovering in
the sky and this will tell you something
about me I thought process was up we
need it that was a UFO it's probably a
weather balloon or maybe a hot air
balloon that sounds exactly like you
that sounds really neat if that were in
Louisville that'd be cool it's probably
not
oh I get it
oh I get it
it's a UFO if you don't know what that I
know it's you don't know if I feel yeah
we got we all get it people kind of at
this point when they hear UFO they thank
flying saucer men little men from oh
that's what they write that's how I used
it I'm sorry yes technically it was
still UFO how by the clinical definition
first of all very anal of how dare you
how dare you use UFO in a universally
recognized manner to describe an alien
spacecraft
Simon mousetrap says I don't know how
old I was but I remember what had
happened we had homemade cookies and mom
wanted to save them for guests
so she said Santa wouldn't mind crackers
and water oh really
yeah that's good that's kind of mean
come on mom
come on mom leave the cookies out for
Santa and then when the kids go to bed
put them away and then when you give
them your guests the next day said I
made more right right get your shit
together well you just come clean that
there's no Santa Claus and then it's not
healthy to believe in this crazy shit
crunky says thanks jack for doing the
golurk yourself podcast hey crunky let's
get rich on next time question mark I
don't know anything about this I did a
podcast yeah I did it I did a podcast
and and it was a fun time
we had a great time actually we played a
little pub G beforehand and you know I
just talked about general stuff about
streaming and whatnot actually during
the crunky podcast I came I came to the
realization of why it is that I I was
having a hard time recommending pub G
even though I myself enjoyed it yeah and
I think that part of the reason why is
because it is a good streaming game and
so for me part of the reason why I like
it is because I think that my audience
likes it you know yeah she will enjoy
the entertaining others aspect of the
game and that's where I get a lot of my
enjoyment from it and I don't think the
average person will get that enjoyment
oh this gun sucks sure wants to know if
that's how my parents handled Santa
Claus with me no no no not at all
actually when it comes to God religion
or whatnot my family believers their
believers
I I had a three-day long argument with
my mother and my grandmother over
getting my confirmation in the Catholic
Church oh it was a three-day long
argument I absolutely did not want to do
it right tried putting my foot down
but it got to the point where I
literally thought my grandmother was
going to have a heart attack if I didn't
go through sure sure so I had to I had
fucking lie in front of a whole church
people and an act that you know what's
the point of having a confirmation if
it's all bullshit yeah and I was I was
forced to be a fucking lying hypocrite
I'm sorry because I thought my
grandmother was literally going to have
a heart attack and die if you weren't
confirming yeah
yeah yeah that's right and you know I
think and I've had a lot of discussions
with people and that's why a lot of
people who I know who are in practice
atheists still get their kids baptized
or you know go to church every once in a
while is because their parents or
grandparents or you know whoever is
still alive here's here's here's the
weirdest thing yeah like I remember one
of the things that came up during this
argument like I I do not think my
grandmother can even comprehend that I
didn't believe at all uh-huh she was
like just kids just go through with it
and afterwards she could be whatever
religion you want right so even if she
was arguing for the confirmation she
understood that the confirmation itself
is still gonna be bullshit but she
wanted oh that's that's really funny
it's like maybe grandma that's not how
confirmation works there's a part in
confirmation where they say I have to be
a good Christian and teach Christian
ideals that's not that's literally the
whole thing grandma that's great that's
great
a pet
I'll and here no I can we have a ground
bass - nice nice I just don't get
involved in religious conversations with
my family yeah you know that's that's a
good way to do it - if you don't if you
don't want to push buttons that's that's
a bit you know I'm not gonna say
anything as long as you don't say
anything then everybody's gonna be happy
still never talked to my sister about it
but she seems to be mellowing out as an
adult she was very mad if she was shot
like I thought that having her on the
stream was possibly the dumbest idea
you've ever had because I knew she was a
Mormon
yeah and she was a shockingly chill and
by the way like I think I've said this
before a really great performer she was
on it she was on top of it she has
changed a lot from when just some
several years ago she was in high school
yeah that's great like I don't even know
that she would freak out now and that's
that takes all the fun out of it you
know yeah come on you gotta freak out a
little bit I haven't like avoided
telling her because because I try it cuz
I'm not trying to make a scene or
anything it's just I don't go around
like anti proselytizing it's not a big
deal to me I just don't believe oh it's
just never come up and tie proselytizing
yeah I like it I'm liking your verbage
no man this is all bullshit I've never
done that just walk right up to it just
be like God's not real also happy
birthday it's literally just never come
up right
that's right Ridge tell those Muslims
their religion is bullshit well it is
they're all bullshit every one of them
yeah
it's a good thing there's no video proof
of which is C I'm not hiding it either
it's just it's literally just never come
up I've never liked just for ever to be
an asshole wanted to go up to my sister
and just be like you know your religion
to a bullshit right also thanks for
helping me move my mother my
grandmother's cuz they wanted me oh this
confirmation I didn't I did not want to
stand in front of a large group of
people yeah and be a huge fucking
hypocritical liar
absolutely I just wanted nothing to do
with it no you know I've had people who
have asked me to to be godparents yeah
like from in their church and they're
just like listen I know I know this
isn't your thing but you know you just
go and you say that you're gonna teach
them the thing and then you know then
you get to be the godparent and I have
flat-out refused them because I was like
I'm not gonna go up there and lie I'm
sorry because I'm not I'm not gonna go
up there in lyin
that would be that would be disingenuous
I feel how did my sister become a Mormon
when I come from a Catholic family come
from a partially yes my sister has a
different mother than me and her mother
wasn't a Mormon either just that's
that's just the route you took yeah
interesting
do do do you think Batman is an atheist
yes Batman is totally an atheist whose
hopes and dreams were crushed when he
was young and very likely you know
Batman Batman the skeptical detective
it's very like very likely very likely I
think spider-man's a believer but
probably nondenominational probably more
of just a deist I like it would be so
for anyone involved in those universes
how like how could you be like you've
met you know once you meet Thor right
it's like how can you how can you
believe in anything anymore remember
do you remember Marvel 2099 that line of
books I never read it no you never read
those books yeah yeah Thor's of religion
in the future there are Thoris I believe
in Thor but yeah they actually saw Thor
there are forests for worshippers no in
the Marvel 2099 line of stars and it
makes perfect sense yeah
forests I love it I love it
I think forests nowadays like still
people that believe in so we come on
yeah and I worked with one I couldn't he
was passing my sarcasm detection he
seemed serious about it it's crazy
yep that's grimy yep you know whatever
you know yeah it is what it is but all
right Captain America Captain America
what do you think oh of course he's
Catholic based off of the neighborhood
he grew up in in New Jersey like that
right old school Catholic boy
I think I'm of two schools of five think
he's talks about confession before which
is a Catholic thing right as as the
embodiment of 1940s America yeah I I
would imagine that he was just a
Protestant
that's only Mueller I sure another part
of me though as a world war ii figure
who fought nazis wants to believe he was
jewish because all the more appropriate
that a jewish superhero was a punching
hitler in the face
I can't imagine there's any solid
argument for him being Jewish craters
were both Jewish I want to say he's
Tommy and and Simon I want to say he's
talked about going to confession as
originally written not love that Latin
modern Marvel continuity okay as
originally originally written I mean I
agree that yes that would be that would
be wonderful schadenfreude out it's just
too appropriate yes probably probably in
Marvel's current Canon a a Protestant
but it's so poetic if he's Jewish
agreed I agree
that's right in the in the Avengers if
you remember he has a line in the
Avengers where where Cobie Smulders is
trying to talk him out of fighting
Thorin and she go he goes she says Steve
you can't fight him he's basically a god
and he goes there's only one god ma'am
and I don't think he dresses like that
so check and see spider-man being a
lapsed Catholic but the whole guilt
thing yeah yeah that would make a fair
amount of make that would make a
shocking amount of daredevil full-on
Catholic I see lapsed Catholic yeah yeah
I like it kind of believes in a higher
power but his background is definitely
that's right the new tick has as a
Christian soldier that's great
new tick is fun by the way it's very
different I'm not through with it yet
it's very different than cartoon tick
and very different from old sitcom II
tick but it's good Peter Serafinowicz
does a really good job is tick and this
time they're focusing more of the story
on Arthur you know instead of just being
like superhero fun it's all about the
real person Arthur who you know is
dealing with some issues and runs into
tick and it's good it's fun it's really
fun I got to start watching I didn't
know it was out until I saw you watching
it last night when I went over to your
place with Karen that's right that's
right for game that well and we we made
the mistake we watched the first episode
with the kids yeah a lot of cussin and a
lot of violence that's fine I got I got
the Robocop as a kid I just loved it Oh
eggs no and the boys loved it too
because it's funny and you know they
think the superheroes are funny but like
there's blood and there's cussin and so
but it's like eh I guess this is what
we're watching
let's try this guy wait I'm on the chat
saying they see spider-man as being a
lapsed Jew well here's the thing though
spider-man's got this whole guilt thing
right guilt about letting Uncle Ben die
guilt about Gwen's days guilt guilt
guilt guilt guilt a lot of guilt on them
and that goes hand-in-hand with
Catholicism Gil Gil Gil Gil Gil
confession guilt confession your dirty
guilt it fits
you're dirty you're guilty you must be
punished for not being guilty enough
absolutely absolutely
like I would I would advocate say I'm
I'm putting thought behind I would
advocate a Jewish Captain America just
just for the poetic nature of it right
the Superman believed in God Superman's
from a different planet yeah but he was
raised by a kindly rural farming couple
he probably does mom and apple pie
Superman totally believes in a higher
power the question is what No
yes yes yes there's no way always always
as soon as soon as Superman you know it
takes it takes his first you know Bible
study class back in Kansas and they talk
about God and you know creating man and
whatnot
Superman's Superman in his head is just
gonna go well that's not true cuz I'm
from a whole different planet no no he's
he's good because he's good he could be
good because he's good that's fine but
that doesn't mean he doesn't also
believe in a higher power and just
because of his background raised in rule
of middle America mm-hmm he's totally a
believer in something I don't think so
what I don't think so he goes because
there's no there's no there's no way
anything would drive with him because of
his background he's a farm boy notice
what I'm another planet
if okay how about this if there's a
religion that makes a case from aliens
you've been raised on the other planet
no okay but he knows he's from another
pleasure to find out that's see that's
different guys okay you have different
cannons yes
so in some cannons he knows from the
start that he's from another planet no
Superman another character you know
created by Jewish creators yes there's a
lot of like I don't remember what they
all are there's a lot of Moses parallels
when Superman putting putting the last
son adrift the last son adrift yeah
saving the chosen people sure sure I
could see that
wait how do I do that raised by this
other culture but it's his true heritage
is something else yeah all right that
makes sense that makes perfect sense
rich
how about the Joker Joker what religion
is the Joker he's a Scientologist just
cuz he thinks it's funny I don't know
he's a he's a he's a he's a hooter right
well Joker believe in just a god and
that he created the universe as a joke
haha believes oh I like it I like it
wasted those what
a lot of people saying it entered kisum
like it's a religion yeah yeah that
would be stupid
yep
whoa shit that's a great missile alright
I think that led to some interesting
discussion yeah I'm okay with that I'm
okay with all that woman totally
believes in Zeus 100% she believes in
Zeus I mean she kind of has through yeah
that's it you know that's another one of
those things where you're just like
because of her circumstances that's the
only thing she can believe I think it
wasn't that something you said right
after Wonder Woman is isn't it great
that the DC Cinematic Universe confirmed
that there's no god which is just very
funny at least there's no Catholic or
Christian guy exactly it's only Zeus
yeah it's only Zeus it's all we got
all right I don't if I read this one I'm
gonna reread it reread it one possibly
read it for the first time I don't
really remember got me access speaking
of Santa UFOs astral projections mental
telepathy ESP clairvoyance spirit
photography telekinetic movement full
trance mediums the Loch Ness monster and
the theory of Atlantis okay Wow Buster's
Winston's interview do you believe in
believe anything you want for a page
source absolutely Winston the heart of
that movie
good old Winston agonize candles says I
watched Jacob's Ladder when I was only
11 ever since then I've been terrified
of the bottom going to hell even though
I've never been religious rich what do
you think of Pascal's wager well if you
didn't believe you don't believe lying
about it I don't think it's going to
change anything
what's Pascal's wager if you you should
believe in God because okay if you don't
believe in God
okay and you're right then there's just
nothing if you don't believe in God and
you're wrong
yeah it'll burn in hell for eternity so
it makes sense to believe in God just in
case there is one Oh
switch my responses that's not actual
belief and if there were an actual God I
think he would know the difference you'd
probably see through that really well
that that's lip-service you didn't
actually believe right yeah there's
actually a lot more to like getting into
heaven than just saying I believe in God
like there's other shit you got to do
you can't force yourself to believe in
something right and and it's it's about
more than just saying you believe in
something like it's there's there's
steps you gotta take if you're uh if you
believe in that kind of stuff anonymous
jerk bag in the chat saying it
if there is a God would he be that much
of a prick different
it's a fuck you for not believing in him
read a chick tract that's that's like
every chick tract that's that's his
whole deal man
chick tracts are a little Christian
comics yeah made by a guy called Jack T
chick to convert people he's so well
he's dead now but I think they still
make them which is not him anymore oh
and people would buy these little tiny
Christian comic pamphlets and they're
always stories about somebody burning at
home because they didn't believe or
something along those lines right and
you buy them and you like leave them in
gas stations or you hand them out as
Halloween treats yeah it's supposed to
convert non-believers yeah that's the
that's really the whole deal
yes that's that's that's what a lot of
people believe though that God would be
that much of a jerk yeah yeah yeah I
mean that's that's his deal man that's
this whole deal
Oh the more I play this game the more
that I could play this game all fucking
day by the way and I haven't even gotten
to the roguelike elements of it yet I've
just been like flying around doing the
bullshit missions and I love it I could
be I could be getting the details wrong
but there's a chick tract okay they
stopped making it about child
molestation where there was child
molester and I forgot what happened I
think the child died because the child
died not believing this molested child
burns in hell but the molester later on
in jail finds Christ and gets to go to
heaven chick tracts are just ugly and
they're what people actually believe
that's the problem yeah there's there's
a lot of problems geez rich don't look
at me I ain't write this shit shit right
you need a new load album these missiles
are awesome these missiles work this one
I'm not too happy with
I can't have that vara r-77 says hey you
guys yep nothing to say your requests
just registering my continued approval
of your entertaining the masses keep it
up thank you we do what we can we do
what we can man need to figure out what
Pascal's wager doesn't tell you which
God to believe well that's another thing
yeah it's like okay makes sense to
believe then which one do you believe in
cuz only one of them's right yeah how
many can you do it at how many can how
many can you do it one time and get your
bases covered like there's a lot of
Christianity all right I guess the same
guy you know like Lutheranism Chris
Christian Catholicism like yeah that's
all basically the same guy right but
then but you believed in Jesus it was
really Muhammad that you had to write
and so then like can you ride that line
to be like well maybe Jesus and Muhammad
hung out I don't know you know there are
friends Jesus is a prophet could we uh
maybe we could find a white line that I
could I think that's a moot point
because that's making yourself believe
because if you're wrong it's still not
actual belief it's a moot point agreed
you know on rich that's the that's the
real thing
in stick to reference do we can I don't
know what that means game child you
cases thoughts and prayers to those
affected by the hurricane absolutely uh
man have you been seen the pictures of
the flooding yeah cool man they are
getting pummeled it's a heart oh yeah
they're getting they're getting wrecked
absolutely you know and speaking of the
director of Texas Chainsaw Massacre
yeah passed away yeah and people are
they're doing a thing where they're
letting you donate in his name to the
Red Cross and and donating it in his
name to the Red Cross goes to relief
that's for for hurricane victims so yeah
they're they're making some good out of
it um give Chad you can't also went on
this a rich great review of blind fury
well give it a watch ever see Rutger
Hauer in hobo with a shotgun good be
film going to stream XCOM to expansion
up front probably sooner or later I'm
not gonna rush I know where it is well I
think nothing either I solved the
expansion seemed like like must-play
material to me it's not to say I won't
eventually play it
nice hike as I was for like enemy within
oh yeah yeah mech suits that's pretty
awesome everybody loves a Mexican mech
suits this whole thing with different
fractions I mean it could end up being a
clusterfuck I don't really know or it
could be great yeah it could be great
start Eve alley playthrough no oh but
you know what I'll be honest with you
you know I wasn't the biggest fan of
stardew valley yeah but now that I know
that you apparently I'm one of the
updates they added coffee beans and now
that I know that like I could just have
a coffee bean farm I kind of want to
pick it up and just do it a straight up
like I'm gonna make the biggest most
badass coffee bean farm you've ever seen
I don't know easy they are to get your
one right it would be worth it okay it'd
be worth it just to have a badass coffee
bean like I got mine early because that
travelin shopkeeper who shows up twice a
week was selling them once earlier than
I should have
gotcha
rich fucking love this game
I'm sure it's Brad what do you want that
well I guess what I'm saying is if you
want to play it let me know or else I'm
just gonna keep playing it I will let
you know what I am already considering a
love of blind fury any interest in
Sandy's set to Ichi film series yes
somebody somebody sent us one once I
forgot why for the damn tape
oh it's mixed in on these shelves
somewhere probably oh no you're never
gonna find it I know I know but yes I am
I think I saw one of those that to ichi
movies a while ago i thought rich didn't
like games that don't have gameplay
alright what the fuck are you referring
to does this look like one long cutscene
that asked you to hit x every now and
then are you actually flying around and
shooting at things are you talking about
something else that we talked about like
80 minutes ago oh they talk about
stardew valley
oh yeah starter Valley's all gameplay
what are you talking about it's I think
it's a little boring tedious gameplay
but that's all gameplay that's all
starter valley is it's a farm simulator
then what do you want
come here you what planting crops and
watering crops and structuring your I
might not be the kind of game play that
you like yeah
but nonetheless I say this game play oh
it's a hundred percent game play I just
want about one more building one more
building the stardew valley have a
failed state no but did I did I say that
a game needs a failed state ah that
might have been me actually that might
have been you okay that might have been
me who's talking about fail States no
but starting values a different started
values different beast man I could see
myself bringing something like that up
and just how pointless some of those you
know hit X during the cutscene when the
cutscene just pauses and there's there's
no failed state yeah yeah like SimCity
yeah that doesn't have a true fail state
those I guess yeah we really bad you can
fail but you can lose your city yeah
just by the seat of my pants like the
fail state in oh so close
drop one more run now or should I take
over no you can take over you can take
over um I got a but I'm gonna I'm gonna
buy some new shit can i redo that
tutorial section so i know what does
what maybe okay how about that javelin
that looks great look at that airplane
basically I don't know that I would
compare what are you talking about fail
States yeah yeah but I don't know that I
would press star to valley to the
cutscene in the order 1886 where you
just sit there forever if you don't hit
the X button when the guys trying to
drown you I don't know that's quite
comparable yeah like you know obviously
like a game not having a fail state the
the the problem with a game like the
order 1886 was you expect there to be a
fail state because it's a shooter and so
like your failure is you done right with
stardew valley there's no expectation of
a failed state so let's see if we can
get you back to the
I mean from a star to Valley the point
is this zen-like building farm thing
right turning this patch of nothing into
a functioning vibrant thing and building
the run this is this is raisin
meditative relaxing just all right I
can't um you can't redo the tutorial all
right but it's pretty simple won't see
it once you get it so right triggers go
okay left triggers slow down if you slow
down too much you fall
yeah like the default plane how do I
change planes hit back no that's just
skin yeah I get back there you go
now if you can change nope oh yeah so
that's the default one this is the start
one that's the start one yep
and to find and delete the save file for
this so I can see it from the beginning
yep I just made it purple because I
thought purple cool but I just want
different colors you probably change
that to some sort of missile yeah so it
tells you like like a lot of these are
autocannon okay well that yeah that so
that's just another gun autocannon
actually no you don't want auto cam it's
really I don't quite understand it it's
almost like a missile but you fire a
bullet and so it's like a missile that's
harder to aim
you probably want just like an unguided
missile are like a micro each of the
guided ones
well so it's the ones that say
fire-and-forget
are the guided ones so that's unguided
but it's too heavy
let's bomb that's yeah yeah like see if
it you can get like an air-to-ground and
and you might need to remove some stuff
I kind of want them the default stuff oh
sure well not if you want I'll just give
you the defaults up like that's a
default one that's default one micro
missiles is default and this is I think
this is the default yeah okay how do you
change the weapons with d-pad with the
d-pad yep okay how do you use the
special B so if missiles are incoming
you can hit be to launch flares how do
you slow down left trigger how do you
fire x-x-x to fire a to change lock-on
okay okay and that's basically it love
to redo the tutorial shame you'll get it
you'll get it in no time
all right so mission pops up some point
well options menu to change the what you
do
sir are you just in free flight is that
yeah okay so yeah yeah oh that's right I
said it today I did that yeah so so you
know right now if you see your weapons
so yeah
you see how you change him yep and then
everything has a little like cooldown
period
oh yeah that's right he pressed down on
the stick and in a direction to barrel
roll you got it man
aren't you on free yeah he's on he's
he's just practicing
I forgot I said for that before he's
doing a mission which is that's good
that's a good thing I want to change the
control style now let me there's no
option menu in a pause by the way you
have to go out of the thing completely
oh so yeah if you hit pause that's not a
barrel right now his back oh yeah now I
got options there you go rebind controls
might be way I want to rebind I want
okay oh do you want to uninvite the why
I want to take that's a flight simulator
so invert it's fine okay arcade controls
off I think it's what I want okay see
how this works
my parents are Jehovah's Witnesses and
those mofos go to church four times a
week for a while
my family was that Jehovah's Witnesses
oh I do want to invert that I guess
inverted and this is not the norm all
right all right
normally flight controls are normal and
naturally inverted yeah oh yeah you're
doing cooler things you can go sideways
now is that that's that's because I have
our cake controls off oh oh that's what
I want well you turned out our cake
controls I don't know what our cave
controls means that sky rogas discount
afterburner yeah well and we know we
haven't even gotten into like the full
game yet which is its roguelike you know
it's it's you know unlimited like we've
just been playing like the regular
missions but you can go to endless play
and just play over and over and over
again
the pause screen changes the light in
the room yes yes it does how you hit the
lock on you have to be close enough so
like your yeah these missiles have a 500
range there you go and then a to change
which one you're locking on to
nice
fuck yeah whoa oh yeah they see this is
look as if I was hoping for that upside
down fly and that's the fun stuff our
cave controls were screwing me rich
for flight shooters aka shmups you want
a real challenge tribe Pulstar amazing
graphics outstanding music and hard as
balls I don't know if I want hardest
balls I'd like I was just hoping for it
like fly around and shoot shit in a
cool-looking world and I like the art
style of this I like the art style of
this
let's see here Gately oh wait no I think
we talked about that the burden of proof
being placed on atheists that God
doesn't exist
that's not how burden of proof works if
you say something's true the burden of
proof is on you and then you get who's
that guys what's his toaster remember
that you can't you can't prove a
negative
right I don't believe in a god prove it
it's literally a mess literally
impossible oh sure and the the burden of
proof is on the person who makes the
accusation there is a man in the sky who
looks after everything you do claim
perfect no no there's there's a famous
some there's a famous like when you
accidentally came home there's a there's
a famous oh is that his his teapot his
teapot in the asteroid field have you
ever heard of this this guy was like
who's it called Russell's teapot yeah
thank you poke Alex in the eye Russell's
teapot did that yeah on the other side
of the Sun there's there's a teapot and
it's been out there you know for so long
prove me wrong you know so uh anonymous
let's see Russell's teapot thank you
everybody's yeah names are hard to
remember names are hard to remember gay
please as my parents made my siblings
and myself go to church for a few years
I was the only one not to get baptized
then just stop going all together my
family eventually stopped going to I
guess I won you know it's just it's one
of those things where I was um you know
I think I've talked about this before
but yeah just cuz we're talking religion
tonight when my firstborn was born I was
all ready to get him baptized even
though like I hadn't been to church in
years and I was you know like I was an
atheist but I wasn't necessarily like
telling people that I was an atheist yet
you know
and it was actually Lisa who was like
listen we're not gonna go to church if
we're not gonna go to church then isn't
it
disingenuous to get him baptized and I
was like oh yeah you're super right and
I know it's a tough call for people to
make so yeah now you can just go back to
your base or you can blow up more shit
for more for more money points where
worship where anything anything blow up
anything that's not your base there's
stuff on the ground to blow up other
stuff of that thing in the sky you could
have blown up one thing in the sky this
was my base no that wasn't your base
that was a different air base like that
that that thing you can blow up
so yeah your base is the green one
anything that the white arrows are
pointing to you can go and blow up
sometimes submarines show up it's crazy
boom jack and a chance to revisit salt
and sanctuary I know you hate the
artstyle but it's solid gameplay I agree
it's all gay play I picked it back up
when it came out for the Vita and
enjoyed it still I still think it's a
very quality game yeah you have to pay
attention to how close you are to things
or else your missiles won't hit them I
think it's a quality game I still
haven't beat it because yeah the art
style gets old and the gameplay gets a
little repetitive but I think it's a
solid game salt and sanctuary solid
solid game I'm excited for new what I
don't know what the open mike eagle
project is I'm sorry I don't know four
sticks for you and me are the only two
people who own a Vita so and you know
since the switch came out it's been
collecting dust slightly more dust than
my switches collecting at the moment my
Vita so unfortunately it's a I loved my
Vita for it for the for all the years I
had it I thought it was a quality
machine some good games but now now
there's too many other things to play
Evita is greater than the switch at the
moment because it has the games I think
as soon as the switch gets some more
games to its title it will have the
honor of being better than the Vita only
because you can plug it into a TV and
that's what we were promised with the
Vita we were promised start on the Vita
finish on the PlayStation 4 at your
leisure and we never that promise was
never really reached and that's what we
get with the switch really the switch is
the Vita version too as far as I'm
concerned
did you go to any church youth group no
but I went to church I went to church
all the time growing up baptized
Catholic went to Catholic grade schools
so you know not only am I going to
church on Sunday but during the week as
part of schools as part of classes we'd
have to go to church you know so no like
we never did any youth groups or
anything like that but yeah all Katla
like all grade school was Catholic grade
school and we do at church every Sunday
what is good on the Vita there's a lot
of things good on the Vita that also
exists on other things like I said salt
and sanctuary spelunky all of my
spelunky time is on the Vita and it's a
perfect little spelunky machine binding
of issac of course
hotline Miami is great on the Vita Oh
where's your damage huh to your left
there that that's not your fuel that's
your damage Oh
so once you've run out of that red bar
you're dead Vita yeah Vita is really
good toilet gaming system you know the
the only problem with it which is
similar to the switch which is it's hard
to take it any place like it's not like
it's not a system you can just throw in
a backpack like a DS because it has the
open screen so but Vita has a ton of
really great games those games are also
on other things but that's beautiful the
flip yeah you're upside down barrel flip
I just really like the aesthetics of the
game it's really easy to tell you know
where where you are in location
everything because that gradient in the
sky so
you know what you're right usually these
games do have a bit of a radar system
this doesn't I mean it has the arrows
that kind of points you to your enemies
but no radar system interesting let's
see here
tm-2 megatron says hey guys have either
of you two had a chance to watch the new
tic series that went live on Friday and
if so what are your thoughts on it I
talked about that a little bit earlier
Peter Serafinowicz a fantastic tick and
I was really worried because I'm a huge
fan of the tick cartoon and the comics
no no I was just worried about the tone
of the show in general you know I was I
was worried that they were gonna take it
a little too seriously and it's still
very like the way I'm gonna describe it
is like you know how Nolan went for like
dark realism with superheroes Ben Edlund
is going for slacker realism where it's
it's a little more realistic but
everyone's a slacker and that's where a
lot of the comedy comes in is the heroes
and the villains just have normal
conversations even though they have
superpowers I think it's a really good
show so far I'm only I'm only five
episodes in but I think it's really good
so far not not necessarily
laugh-out-loud funny but enjoyable
really enjoyable and I love that they're
spending time on Arthur and his I mean
his story Arthur actually has a story
this time which is great but I'm really
enjoying it
