Ye of Little Fate (part 1)
November 8, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Tf66ueqE1k

I had to fight why isn't it working
oh you know what I'm gonna try turning
it off and turning it back on you you do
that you do that that works most of the
time in my opinion see this has a green
button I know this does not have a green
button once you close the whole program
it's a great idea just hitting the X
don't know what is probably still
running in task manager that you
probably got yeah hey everybody
yo what up that's a different task
manager than I'm used to oh there it is
in the background process these n tasks
get out of here all right that should
fix any problems hey everybody how we
doing tonight today this evening this
morning last week last week next Tuesday
how are we feelin right yes yeah it's a
fun night
hello you fucks evening hello
it just started are you guys ready to
get your hands on some fate two two
hands to fate Oh too fast to fade yes
this does have a character creator I've
played exactly two minutes of this game
yeah and I created a character but
Richards gonna start a new game and
create his own character so it was a
woman surprised
hey I don't expect many options but it's
nice that there are options so it's one
of my gripes with the original is the
man was so ugly oh that was so ugly it
connotes a game that could've used a
character creator yeah I agree to form
the soul
we play oh these mesas on you as are the
stakes life death and vengeance we must
ride for time is short
do you have much to learn
make your first choice and let us set
these weeds what do you want rich I mean
she's a dude yeah it's great to hear the
dealer again yeah I remember that was
one of my favorite parts of handrail on
your history and our game we know where
they end for you a card game kinda so
towns must guide you to my side now
you'll figure it out to see what the J
Thank You Christopher short the it's a
bit of a card game and a bit of a what
is this way you must step into the void
you are a blank slate and together did
you not get this far no no I clicked the
girl button and then I I couldn't play
anymore because the work came in so like
that's as far as I've gotten like that's
literally as much as you've done
interesting I forgot there'd be like the
few options like skin tone and whatnot I
maybe there is later hair I think
there's later but no I like that was the
lady that I got and so and then I
started playing my first one and then
emails came in from for work stuff and I
couldn't play anymore and you finally
catch sight of the thieves hacking a
large tree arguing amongst themselves
move closer to eavesdrop or keep your
distance
azimuth closer every elements of the
game has been improved even those that
seem at first glance familiar do not
worry
Hey as you will soon understand the
nuances okay you might be able to select
a better face for your character this
time yes which is very exciting for us
little louder I'm gonna loud I'm shy I
feel like I'm shouting I don't want to
shout shout let it all out these are
things I saw the Ragnarok I don't think
rich side yet problem right now you see
the Ragnarok did watch the thing did you
watch you almost do a spit-take that
would've been great if you Dennis Pitt
you know I would have spit it all over
the place that would have been horrible
and what did you think of the thing it's
good yeah good it's good movie i-i've
been hurrying hearing a lot of hype for
a very long time right so I probably
honestly I probably blunted it a bit but
it's very good film yeah
it's kind of Chantel faith what was the
original story oh yeah yeah I don't know
their Java story I think the thing yeah
you know they they don't have a
Norwegian team they just find the thing
themselves I believe I remember right oh
okay I'm gonna have the dog they just
they they thaw the thing out directly
from the ice yeah
whoa Foley acts the best Kurt Russell
film ever is probably overboard so just
settle down he was very good in the
thing it's Big Trouble in Little China
but all right how do i do do i leap to
huh
ed to the farmers defense sir or do I
offer to help the farmers worrying them
it won't come for free how do you want
to play or do I help the thieves with
their extortion Oh what kind of play are
you gonna be rich
yeah we'll try we'll try leap into the
defense we'll see what happens
yeah draw your weapon with practice
skill
well you hear the leaders voice you lads
handle this I'll meet you when get done
great
I totally forgotten he was in overboard
come on him
goldie hawn some other people I'm sure
that that like big fat guy that was in
every 80s movie as the big fat guy he
was an overboard oh wow I'm fighting
with some farmers that's interesting now
do you remember how to play that's a
fine question
no not John Candy I forget what the big
fat guys name yes you know what so far
it's not even necessarily better-looking
hand okay this looks pretty similar
right
it's Friday really it's probably just
like more hand of fate that's what it
should have been called there's enough
kind of a boardgame element in this one
too right
am I wrong about that well that was kind
of a card game of last time
I look up with that big back and he's
not a big fat guy he's just you know
gained seven food
you gained seven food congratulations
he's a lot of food
while enjoying a moment beside the fire
I spy a strange figure approaching our
camp Mike your camp it's a goblin
dressed in what must pass for goblin
finery rule from beneath filthy fox
pelts serving as an ill-fitting wig the
Goblin winks at you with wild red eyes
aha aha I've been roaming for hours
trying to thank you like a goblin I
think I was a good guys find Goblin we
must get this over with quickly we have
any hope of getting to all the people on
my list before sunrise it lowers a sack
from its shoulder
ow from within my sack I can ganja
whatever your heart desires Oh goblins
voice trails off as he examines his sack
well I could there wasn't a bloomin
great big hole in it this head
disappears entirely into the bag and his
bulbous nose protrudes from the breach I
know plain man the Goblin pulls out his
last trinkets I'm just gonna flat out
let me pick huh
so what would you like an access order
what are we got critical strength by the
way Mike Haggerty was the name of the
actor in overboard Mike Haggerty yes
star Horrible's you are correct he was
in several an 80s film strength armor
breaker
cannot repost repost say
we post the air how do you pronounce
that
rich rep posted a a riposte is just
repost I think it's just proposed to but
I don't know X I'm not much of an axe
guy I'm taking this sword things afford
taking the Thord sword it up
this card has it too Hoss can you find
it the bris is pronounced de bris that's
right repost repost that's what I'm
gonna call Ari as enriched post as in
frost so it's called it's pronounced
riposte
their journey through a forest is
interrupted by an inquisitive child ooh
child I should be you are you searching
for the forest folk my uncle says they
used to walk these woods
given how gifts I want a fine phone and
as for lemon cake I do it's a child lady
got any more lemon cake
uh sir some buttons too so as they dash
off to peer under a nearby log the child
shouts back remember if you meet the
full wrist so give me a lemon cake in
the other direction an eerie song hangs
in the air you attempt to find its
origin so I got a child like Michael
Caine is what you're doing because this
is a British it's old fogey it's been 12
winters since I had a visitor her voice
is a whisper you get a thunders in your
ears you may visit me when you are in
need adventurer this is yours now even
if you lose the challenge you have
earned this token there nothing could be
more fitting is the gimmick the car is
changing every time you play yes yes so
the more you play the more cards you get
the more things to unlock in it it has
um or if it's anything like the first
hand of fate it will have certain
almost like ft Elish events to it where
like one card you will need to do a
certain thing in order to get the
treasure of the card and that treasure
could mean a weapon you can add to your
inventory more cards more things armor
just more things all the things rings
that do things this is a things things
like a sword that's got a bow magic
attacks your shield that has an arrow
sticking out of it yes it's like a
little roguelike e-card little deck
building and this this is pure Batman
brawler
hit the counter button when you see the
counter thing oh wait how am i this bad
at this well it's been how long has it
been since you played a game like this
though you've been playing channel
Warren
yeah what's right what is wrong with you
then well timing sniffling yeah like if
I remember we had we both had a lot of
fun with the first end of it yeah and of
course the the voice actor who does the
dealer is fantastic you could just
listen to him talk all day
he's great I'm really glad that they got
him back
oh of course did the graphics get worse
between the first game in a second yeah
they look about the same choose your
father's amulet sure why not an evil yes
that's it and befriended a trickster
Jack you have befriended a trickster you
know that's good or bad honestly yeah
fighting fantasy books that I didn't
know I don't know what the fighting
fantasy books are sorry oh there's some
yep okay so hey look at this looks like
wait can you be a bald guy this is
important yes are you Jack I'm not
saying you have to be I just wanted to
know it was possible oh you can change
your handle it if you want
does that Oh different regions alright
alright so they do have that yeah
slightly different choices nothing
nothing in deaf I wasn't expecting that
they're smaller yeah no no that's fine
oh you can change the colors that's fun
well you can teach you outfits now I'm
into it you can change your outfit you
can change your outfits and the other
one could you play your armors that's
the same thing no that's the same
fucking thing a base outfit that's this
is purely cosmetic yep
X to finish X to finish
from the eastern belt a you don't say
good sorts from the eastern belt very
trusting all right this is the trickster
very interesting whoo-hoo yes mm-hmm
oh by the way I mean we friend uh we we
owe money to bigness of the Thieves
Guild and he's quite angry with us just
to let you know we should journey into
Meyer bridge together to appease him
some gold might help maybe you could
find some I don't I'll try to find some
too but since we're traveling together I
thought maybe we could both try to find
some actually you know what come to
think of it I'm rather busy
Malaka lip-lock Malaka lips Malacca lips
eyes a pretty trader hiking up the road
so you know I I'd be bet it'd be best if
you could get the goal I'm each of it so
you meet a trickster and he tells you to
go get gold to pay off his debts what a
dickhead is a trickster use it I use it
trick don't befriend tricksters
why is there a competition of stratum
set out there which you've got old prize
is available to the round in the first
round of the competition your opponent
is the diminutive robot a halfling from
a traveling troupe of acrobats oh nice
these dice are another small game
embedded in our game
I shake the diape and
hey did it victory you are learning
yeah a little it was a little Jersey
trickster like I know we going roll up a
little nebbish Rowan is no match for
your strength he gives a disappointed
back flip off the table and collects his
meager winnings cartwheels out the door
ten gold take your award from the purser
on the way up the tavern when you return
you will compete in the next round for a
larger prize now I get to pick which way
I'm going next rich have you ever read
the secret skull scroll invasion no
separating comics over a decade ago I
didn't I think that was a that's a
wasn't that a fantastic universe wide
crossover I don't think I read that one
at your mind let it fall into the waters
beneath little Woody Allen is she a
little Woody Allen nebbish that's Woody
Allen right yeah never ship neurotic
nebbish yeah is there skill involved in
the fighting yeah it's so if you've ever
played any of the Arkham games any of
the shadow of mordor shadow of war games
it's all the same attack and then any
time the little green thing shows up
over someone had someone's head you need
to press the parry button there's
rolling away you can use your shield to
guard
I need a tutorial head of a post
my guess is usually it's like a shield
bash at the right time how Hey the
shield bash
know what you do i I don't know I really
I accidently cancel it before it could
happen do it when they have the thing on
their head
well yeah but I wouldn't does he what
the shield bash over post imply some
kind of staggering or counter-attack
yeah
what's the difference between the
hobgoblin and the Green Goblin the
Hobgoblin was actually a much better
villain the Hobgoblin stole the Green
Goblin stuff and he was still alright
the hope the whole deal with the Green
Goblin originally what made the Green
Goblin interesting yeah was the Green
Goblin also had a secret identity that
the readers didn't know and it was his
running mystery okay and back in the old
days like the the Norman Osborn reveal
kind of underwhelming mmm
okay asked me sure uh Hobgoblin in the
80s Roger stern decided I liked that
Green Goblin sorry Green Goblin is dead
well you know what I'm gonna do with the
Green Goblin story but better okay just
a better mystery around who the
Hobgoblin was okay but a weaker payoff
because Roger stern left the book and it
got muddled very quickly
okay Roger Stern had a idea in his head
for who the the Hobgoblin was going to
be but then he left the book time to
Falcone took over yeah and time to fall
good decided it was gonna be Ned Leeds
okay outside of that being just way too
cut up obviously weak somebody else in a
different book killed Ned leads off
completely fuckin time to follow over so
they had to do like a reveal after the
fact after Ned Leeds was dead that Ned
Leeds was the Hobgoblin and it was very
unsatisfying
you know the Hobgoblin was he's already
dead though Oh so ultimately it ended
worse sure than the original Green
Goblin revealed but okay great actually
Rogers turn came back like 15 years late
like I'm in mid 90s and he did a whole
mini-series the Hobgoblin lives where he
brought combat and it was this original
guy all along oh good yeah good no how
come when faked his death
Roderick Kingsley Roderick Kingsley
honors Roderick Kingsley it was just
some kind of fashion designer mobile
okay was wealthy and decided to be the
object yeah John Romita Jr loved him one
of my favorite artists he my favorite
comic book artist of all time he did a
fine job on spider-man he did he
butchered x-men he did
yeah he's even draws a fine spider-man
John Romita can you do better give him
time but uh but he he made some ugly
x-men characters jrjr is doing amazing
these days like amazing spider-man or
you mean he's just doing really good art
these days John were made of seniors
great yeah
John readers seniors great where do I
get to my inventory in this particular
sequel the button to the left of the X
button stupid Xbox picture like squares
squares squares start and select rows
remastered she's like I want to hit the
squares button
there we go I don't think I was using
the riposte shield I don't pose sword so
oh that would make sense that yeah
celebrations in aid of WOD you see how
quickly the actions of the you sir are
returned two distinct and chilled stuff
did you hear did you hear the big the
big comic book news no Brian Michael
Bendis a man who writes too many comic
books for his own good
he's not writing more comic books no I
switched sides going over to DC that's
pretty big news just big news it's real
big news
he has been well you know and he's been
writing for Marvel and for image for a
long time but yes switch switch sides
moving over to DC huh yeah yeah Bendis
has done some great work bend it Brian
Michael Bendis is the PlayStation 2 of
comic book writers this is my this is my
labored metaphor if you're ready for
okay he's done some I had some really
great stuff but also just had so much
stuff that there was gonna be some good
stuff and there's some garbage in there
too better better comparison okay
he's the Stephen King of comic books
overly long-winded mm-hmm and eventually
his stories turned to shit I've got some
great premises good ideas
adding in the ball Dinko blue disney is
not in the process of buying Fox's movie
division if we can you read any of the
articles you would have read that all
talks have stalled which means that
Disney thinks they can get it for much
cheaper later on apparently there were
talks Disney was in talks of buying
Fox's entertainment division yeah which
you know for for the the geeks in the
room means them getting x-men that's too
much it's too much the MCU would get
unwieldly if they had to start doing
like an equal number of x-men movies
it's gonna get crazy the the x-men
movies are working fine as their own
separate thing I mean except for they're
not good well okay I don't care but they
would ruin it would water down and ruin
the MCU
that's possible very possible but all
all talks have have stalled because
Disney I'm sure thinks they can get it
for a much cheaper later on
plus there's been absolutely no mention
whatsoever of any kind of mutants in the
MCU and doesn't that kind of rely on
them being a pre-existing ethnic group
the whole exponentials it's kind of
their stick yeah yeah and what and less
like that's gonna be the big the big
reveal you know like all the heroes are
killed off I mean III would imagine that
if Disney did have access to the X then
they had the extra film rights they
would be smart enough to keep her to
stuff there's a separate universe I
imagine that maybe but it's still this
too much superhero shit as it is there's
a lot yeah I was a lot out there
yeah they'll do it they'll do a big
event and universes will get merged we
know something I mean something big
universe wide has to happen with
infinity war anyway right they need to
start thinking about their next move
because they're running their actors are
getting old there no matter how good
Robert Downey jr. is he cannot be Iron
Man forever yep so they got to start
thinking long term anyway
you have a glowy sword and whatever that
means
oh is that okay that's cool that's cool
ah ah you're getting the flow of it a
little bit getting the flow getting the
feel
let's see what we got here
whiskers cuddles says I'm back to work
next we lead the fight all my coworkers
are calm how does it feel working with
your best friends every day I know all
you guys have worked hard for our LM
especially Mike but it must be great
it's awful
every fucking every fucking moment I
want to die that's great that's all you
can ask for welcome to my challenges so
this is we will oh yeah you got a little
one to two pi got a cool little boxes
there I'm despair in the hope of
awakening unless this is just a
glorified level select might be it's
cool-looking why I got a companion
cool
you're sailing when I got some trouble
staying
maybe these are my children this one
however I would rather do seven earn I
get to pick the counters in coverage
cool go grab a water I'll be right back
now I guess it's just all of them right
now I want to start the damn Oh
a casual call to heroism how many
adventures Star Plus
for 100 years I have thought about
nothing but the game I was defeated it
is true I became complacent long before
then I thought I knew everything about
the game and what it could be now you
see before you the extent of my research
I have crafted this game anew
okay
right how's it going that's going
everybody totally who do I want to
escort to the place we need to go weapon
food stonemason the hell would a
stonemason even do we're going with that
sure
stage tester sue she has done rather
better than I
okay niya shady forest you encounter a
frail old maiden she stops to greeting
half a century I have helped the mortals
who find themselves lost in my forest is
there anything that may help you with
your journey was she called the young
maiden in the first game there was a
young maiden I think it's the same
supplies longer life for gold the same
selections that's a nice touch yep yeah
gold and no amount of gold will satisfy
immortal but if that is what you wish
her ancient voice falters on the words
as if long unused
just ten I'm sorry she magically
conjures gold for you and that's all you
got is just ten come on
fight the free fight to free them or
paid to free them yeah we're gonna fight
because of no fighting it anymore fight
things
yeah one-handed weapons are recommended
against northerners okay let us see if
the mange can help you here
is that the bar a bar yeah us oh wait
this is my traveling companion Oh quel
eclipses a magician a jester and a
vagabond ooh an activated metal clips
casts a protective spell on you that can
block a single hit okay
there's twitch integration what someone
is telling us to set up twitch
integration stop second we'll look into
that as soon as rich stops suffering
wait why may you oh god I have a stupid
axe that's awful oh yeah and they said
one handed weapons are better against
northerners which I was thinking of my
old setup is still intact I don't know
why did you pick up an axe somewhere I
don't know
I don't recall picking up an axe how do
you beat them
and you got a son I sorry you got a nice
one yeah nice store
activate your twitch integration so we
can ruin the game for you no thanks
nope let's see here how Umberto's
Cabbage Patch said I've watched most of
big little lies holy shit what a great
show
Reese Witherspoon and lord laura dern
our amazing ever seen it they place
themselves III saw a couple episodes my
wife was watching make a hero to come
rescue them when things become too much
make sure you change your English - yeah
yeah I saw a couple episodes looked good
looked interesting Reese Witherspoon
Laura Dern and Nicole Kidman good good
talent Zomboid rich they're zombies
thank God zombies
yep your magic friend fireball fireball
we may do a prereq episode on this game
tomorrow there will be a new our Mario
episode will go up it's uploaded right
now
but I ran out of time to make the
thumbnail before I had to come here for
the stream so I just put it up tomorrow
I just have to make the thumbnail but it
is uploaded both ready to go on Twitch
end on YouTube so you'll get our
official Mario episode tomorrow the
bastion of purification rich this might
be our next episode we'll see how we go
we'll see how we feel about it tonight
more ways than one I think it's a good
episode it's a it's it's longer than the
than the cuphead episode it's it's over
20 minutes and there's thrive even the
still took me approximately two days to
edit with our new format and you'll see
some new illustrations by by our friend
Juan who made the original illustrations
pretty pretty excited pretty excited for
you guys to see the new illustrations
and I think it's a good episode I'm
pretty excited for it
thank you kriste for short christ for
short I know um I know a lot of people
were voicing their disapproval with the
new format but it honestly saves so much
time we recorded that yesterday Sunday
we reported on Sunday a little bit
before the streaming a little laughs of
a stream and it will be up theoretically
I could have had it up to this so like
that's a 2-day edit and upload that's
nothing see
but it literally didn't save you any
time editing check to date a normal
episode like a normal episode takes me
about 20 30 hours to edit like it's like
a four day edit if I'm really pushing it
and that doesn't include import time
render time export I'm this is the the
audio is in right away and it's a easy
to day edit takes me 15 hours at most
it's added an audio-only episode and
this means we can potentially get more
episodes absolutely
defending a decision because it makes it
easier on the creator isn't an argument
see the prequels load them you are
correct but production logistics is
something that rich and I need to be
concerned with and how fast it takes us
to produce the episodes means how many
episodes you guys get so
like a compass it indicates the truth of
all directions
the new format is high-energy I think
you know it definitely it makes me
really his own story to tell
we must wonder if it makes me work a
little bit harder as an editor because I
can't rely on just like you know looking
at one of our dumb faces where I
actually need to make sure what we're
saying is important and it means I do
cut out a lot of fluff the roads
whereas before it's like I was heating
an argument but it's fine
maybe we make a funny look or something
here's of the opposite Oh choose which
dice to re-roll
yeah for snapping you just need one more
you just need a four or greater and you
and you got it it's like 50/50 right
excellent rule which is worse than 50/50
because before wouldn't be enough yeah I
got lucky
no four would have been enough I got
lucky that one dude I had a four to
begin with oh no wait it was three all
right three device is still 50/50 yeah
so a little bit lucky yeah
now your chance presents itself unit 603
in it we had a guy that did our the
little the little cartoons of us I
actually commissioned him to make some
more high-quality illustrations of us in
different emotional states so you know
there's like he made us some new neutral
ones and laughing ones and angry ones
some sad ones and Confused ones and so
there there's more little rich and Jack
cartoons which you'll see you'll see
tomorrow it's great gal wog this oh look
at that guy this game is really neat
it's a mix between a deck building game
a roguelike
and a Batman style brawl
so it's it's neat it's an interesting
little game this is a handle thing - oh
I know I love that the dick the birthday
boy riding on the Showbiz Pizza boat
there what a great picture that was I
love it should love it
jackford of course I have never made
anything with stop motion
Oh your sword is glowing again nope nope
oh is it like is it like a combo meter
I'm not sure oh you knocked off his arm
good how he drew up that Oh Colonel
which mustard rich received a is that
the original that you received mr.
Prince a really rich receives the
original hand drawing of the dick the
birthday boy riding the show of his
beauty bear he's here when he got it the
mail it's gorgeous
you gotta get that phone yeah
like you want to take it to a nice
framing place
if we can get a mouthful maybe maybe
make it look like a nice rich that's a
business expense as long as we hang it
in here you want to take it home by 7:00
go 5050 does it satisfy you this
bloodshed knowing those who destroy but
one simple peasants going about their
day now you have learned Weaver serious
very we just will go on deck each
challenge will provide it is that
showing a trial offer so here are some
more tools to keep you in good stead
as you play you will find more options
open to you should you find yourself
blocked or overly challenged to explore
the ball shoes you're done looking cars
they give you options you have not
considered let's see here gobbledygook
says have you guys heard of the Hasbro
reconstruction Hasbro recently bought
the rights to ROM and micronauts from
Marvel and now IDW is building a shared
universe with GI Joe transformers and
mask that sounds stupid
between who know GI Joe transformers and
that's not stupid mask was dumb to begin
with which was mass cars that turn into
like battle cars but they look like
normal cars I mean that's like a
transformer but you didn't really give a
shit and it's it's it's a Jeep I like a
gun comes out of the Jeep like that's it
though it's a Jeep now it's like bigger
Jeep is that yeah yeah that was it yeah
that turd comes out of the back of the
van and the going doors open on the car
means it can fly that's all it was
there's a mask Wes oh that sounds super
stupid super stupid yeah you know I
remember seeing the the original GI Joe
the not the cartoon sorry the movie of
GI Joe and I thought it wasn't so bad
they mean the original movie yeah
what original movie we're not a result
of the movie that they made of GI Joe
the live-action one yeah I was awful
that wasn't that bad shock he was act it
was awful it was fine and then that
indicative of GI Joe no it was not
indicative of GI Joe at all that was
fine I despise it well that's fair I
have no strong feelings towards GI Joe
though so that was just mean
it's fine
mr. blinken now let's lay off stranger
things spoilers we just did it so just
in case anyone in chat still hasn't seen
it we won't do any stranger things
spoilers today am i ok I I you know what
I remember seeing that I was a I mean I
was in I was in another city on a shoot
I was on like a commercial shoots before
and I was in another city and I knew
that was the movie that Lisa would never
want to watch I was like ah finally get
to watch that GI Joe movie so I probably
like went into his feeling all right
Dorian knows probably drink a Emperor's
mailee the face on the throne behind him
the u shud dragon scribe says the GI Joe
movie was literally literally like a
photo real brain tab of what I imagined
I was doing when I was playing with the
toys as I kid which is stupid I think
that's good though like I put my guys
fly around you know there was a there
was a pretty good only lasted one season
cartoon show mm-hmm GI Joe renegades ok
which is basically like if you take GI
Joe and you crossed it with the aid team
okay alright
handful of Joe's on the run from a lot
from the wall framed ya framed for a
crime they didn't commit
yeah but helping out the everyday man
trying to expose the Cobra which nobody
knew about it was super secret
underground and they were the only ones
that knew I liked it that's good yeah
that's good shit oh that sounds fun I'm
ok with that
are they saying that like they're gonna
do a new GI Joe
I don't know
like is this a card it's a bit of a card
game say it's event - the cards are
random events basically they're just
avatars for random events and as you
play the more cards you unlocked and
then you can choose what random events
go in just use every tool at your desire
you can kind of choose what goes in the
random encounters whoa whoa that's our
first hill you find yourself hunting
relics do you not wonder why or what
they may do look at all those cards look
at all those account
oh I'll set of the move wait a minute
you'll just turned into a whole thing
this is different choices carefully
even peace I'd steal within right stick
Lord's foot so I puts it in a good way
with where they say it's sort of a
node-based adventure game similar to FTL
instead of waypoints you have the cards
the difference between this and FTL
though is you can kind of form the the
encounter deck where as FTL everything's
just dice roll this you can you can
somewhat shape your yeah some of what
goes into the deck yeah I finally
watched FS Tabriz history of comics
because of you thanks o breena's god
wasn't that a fun walk I almost feel
like re watching it all is it because I
think it's really good
oh you know what I have not played
frozen wines that there's new ADIZ DLC
for for horizon zero dawn and I have not
had a chance to play it yet because I've
been editing and then we like this came
out okay we kind of want to play this
maybe on Sunday I'll bring in the ps4
you know I'll do a little frozen wives
play that could be nice just off the ps4
I don't know I cannot tell you the last
time I turned on the PlayStation I don't
remember either
it's it went last time I played
blood-borne right ps4 it's just a
blood-borne machine you can do it rich
I'm done terrible oh yeah frozen wilds
came out what on a 7 came out yesterday
or maybe today yeah it's out now I
haven't played it yet but looks good and
for those of you like me who really
loved how did he get knocked down for
those of you like me who really loved
the noclip documentaries those uh the
the guys that made the the rocket League
the doom they just got done with their
big witcher series the their next
documentary they just announced is
guerrilla games and horizon zero dawn so
I'm really looking forward to that that
Danny O'Dwyer does some fine work
so I'm fairly excited to see what they
have to say I still need to finish their
Witcher theory I started playing the
game and I still like I still haven't
watch the 2 episode is left of there
which we now that I've actually know
what they're talking about so you are
diving now every fresh encounter will
cause you damage tread carefully
the story of horizons are done really
really mess with my head and my fields I
I was really satisfied with that ending
I tell you what
I was very no spoilers for those who
have not played it but that's one of the
few the dice story games where I
actually just heard about what happened
at the end I wanted to finish that game
just to know what happened with the
story and I felt very satisfied
no spoilers no spoilers but I I just
that I was satisfied that's a neat
animation yep
after start helping people is that
that's what he would say right he's yeah
that's great I died you want a shop sure
sure I'll take his job go back to my
game I was the last one you read the
Hasbro one maybe the GI Joe transformers
mask one that could be yeah that could
be the last one alright
Breanna's God says when you guys
consider doing a Space Quest 3 stream
around the holidays it would make them
oh so much jolly
I'm them down for Space Quest 3 pretty
much whatever right Gallagher says have
you heard that the Nickelodeon TMNT
cartoon is ending and next year a new 2d
cartoon called rise of the TMNT is
rebooting the franchise from Samurai
Jack character designer Andy Soriana
whose neat that could be great really
enjoyed the first season of TMNT yeah
they had a lot of fun realm yeah they
had a lot of fun welcome to my
challenges together we will traverse 22
pounds of wisdom do you guys have a copy
of the recent Freddie Williams
Illustrated he-man and the Thundercats
behold the combined abomination of
Skeletor and mumm-rana Nonna's Mahmut
are not my children and he sent a copy
to Karen actually I didn't know he had
he was he was showing us some of his
sketches whoa skirt it's fine I don't
give any fucks about the Thundercats no
right I enter lame I also don't care
about he-man but man he's that that dude
can draw he was working on some of that
when he was here last I was a kid and I
realized that those heroes were just the
lamest heroes the Thundercats when you
look when you are cats Thundercats ho ho
why you know such a nobody such an on
character
it's a problem when you're when you're
seven and rooting for the villains
erosion sixes sure at least a few of the
actors are looking to leave the MCU
after all these years
perhaps a big comic style reboot is in
order
none of the actors are looking to leave
they have really great paychecks right
now yeah-oh allowing a recast slash the
introduction of mutants and the
Fantastic Four God just go away nope
it's never going away rich never ever
going over to you I don't care about the
x-men I'm not excited about the Avengers
and the x-men loss I'm not excited about
that at all you never read the xmin now
aren't an x-men reader as as someone who
was an x-men reader there are good
stories in there somewhere I think but
the problem is we it's true they've
already fallen into the trap of the
Wolverine show then I thought on UFO
Vareen is not the hero of the movie he's
not the hero of the books he's the Han
Solo he's the person there to be badass
when you need a badass you need a you
need a a regular character to be your
hero and I do and they're just gonna
they're just gonna I don't mind them
make you standalone Wolverine movies but
yeah the actual x-men team movies did
put a little too much focus they were
the Wolverine show of course and he's a
fun character I understand why they went
that direction but Jesus Christ you
can't find out more about the west wind
what do you want to know what makes the
west wind special
I traveled far to escape the oppression
of the Empire Westwind gave me my
freedom and I attend to return the favor
Marvel Cinematic Universe is fine but
the introduction of the x-men to it
would only just make it a clusterfuck
the x-men on their own are a clusterfuck
you know what as someone who likes the
x-men I will agree with that the x-men
may make the Marvel Universe super
unrelatable this is whole fucking ethnic
group of super-powered people that's
that's too weird it's too weird yeah and
and it's the problem of exponential
growth the x-men need their own universe
that's just built around the x-men it
was only weird that they existed in the
same universe as spider-man the
Fantastic Four and the Avengers did not
fit comfortably well you know we always
got some fun interactions with that like
with them and spider-man it was always
fun you know like spider-man was
wondering if he was a mutant
obviously not because he wasn't born
with his power right right but you know
there could be some fun he's obviously
not but always treat those who feed you
with respect even ISTAT the same
universe that loves Captain America of a
few that can't be the same universe that
hates mutants the the public at large
would lump all of these things together
yeah but it all depends on you could you
could tie that in because they weren't
too thrilled on Captain America last
time they saw me alright alright Nick it
could work
now you wait you for more than mere
success no they wouldn't rich you're
overestimating the public's elves
okay there are people that hate all
Muslims for the actions of a few leaves
people get lumped together that's the
way human beings unfortunately it's true
but I'm on the same coin those same
people who would lump them together
would be like oh but not not uh Habib at
the liquor store he's a good one you
know you know it's the same people that
I know I know him he's a good one so I
think they're I think there's a world in
which it would work all right we're not
going down this road you are the one I
don't started trying out on the road put
the brakes on Sean says I love the new
format the little rich and Jack are
adorable I hope a little pusheen style
biscuit shows up one day Oh little bits
kids all I could have an ax I want an ax
oh then I can't have a shield
let us see if the mange can help you the
next time the next time we we want more
little characters wait till you see the
new ones wait till you see the new
characters I'm really excited for you
guys to see the new ones which you'll
see tomorrow tomorrow morning when I
post the video one Belmont says haven't
been here in a long time how goes it hi
wondering if you've played Wolfenstein 2
yet and if you are interested in it I'm
interested in it I haven't played it yet
haven't we were we were finishing up
Mario Odyssey and now we're moving on I
don't it's this is probably just say I
didn't play the first one right away
either I started playing the old blood
yeah which is the DLC for Wolfenstein
the new order but it's here and I
elaborated my problems with Wolfenstein
on stream because we played it on stream
and I have I had problems with
Wolfenstein mainly while the combat is
really fun it gets repetitive real fast
and just way too many cutscenes oh how
come doom doesn't get repetitive no fast
that's a great question that's a great
question red shit I I'm constantly
compass it indicates its doom is
constantly reinforcing violent behavior
uh-huh
you know you you get stuff you pop open
a demon and treasures pop out of it oh
now I just want to pop open more demons
right
I could I could play Doom all day but
Wolfenstein at least the new blood are
the old dill blood I started to feel
like I've seen this enemy 20,000 times I
don't doom isn't repetitive because it's
fun okay well yeah I mean that's a
simple way to put your hoping it going
but my sense of duty
turn to you I'm sure we could have
handled it but thanks for stepping in I
guess we have to get back to escorting
his Highness dice the old blood is
nothing compared to the new order ffs
well the old blood is dlc of the new
order so from which I presume there
would be similarities bring a touch wait
I just got I got recruits
what the empire reaches too far the
north has gone from a loose collection
of tribes to something to truly fear
was there ever a story in a video game
that you thought was great I think the
story and doom is great yeah you're a
super fuckin badass that all the demons
are afraid of easy-peasy and you know
what we were just talking about horizon
zero dawn I I was super into the story
of horizon zero dawn I really liked
parts of Batman mhm the Osher of the
arkham knight arkham knight thank you
the batman arkham knight that that had a
neat little story along with its the
batman slowly going crazy and not being
able to trust his own thoughts i like to
fire watch i like the story and fire
watch I'm not against games that have
story as long as as long as the gameplay
equation isn't just an afterthought my
problem with Naughty Dog is it feels
like they don't give a shit about
gameplay and it's just it's there
because it has to be there I don't care
about it they want to do a set piece and
they want to do I don't walk into the
hardware store having a long
conversation while walk into the
hardware store but it's still game play
because you're holding forward yeah
there's lot there's lots of stories in
games that I enjoy
Raider from the frozen darkness of the
far north
northerners can perform a combo attack
oh by the way that's um grammatically
incorrect sentence rich
I'm sorry northerners can perform a
combo attacks use it on it posts with
single-handed weapons to deal extra
damage immediately after you defend oh
shit
I'm hitting my button rich would you
like to see it MCU fantastic for Kirby
style cosmic movie here's the thing I
don't know if if it needs to be MC
related I don't know the Fantastic Four
could work in the MCU specifically I
think in order to make the Fantastic
Four work you would need to do something
just to stylize them and crazy and
borderline silly and 60s
what okay how about this here here's the
here's the gift yep
Disney ends up buying Fox right they
incorporate them into technically the
MCU but they take place in the 60s so
they don't interact with anyone I could
possibly see that yeah I can see that
they still go on their wacky adventures
but they never interact with anyone I
could possibly see that okay yeah
a shield in more ways than one
that could be okay I'm gaining recruits
and I don't necessarily know what that
means rich you could alter them to fit
into Marvel modernize them like they do
with their other they tried that with
the Fantastic Four and other movies
swell and it didn't quite work out well
those movies also sucked
did it help that they tried to modernize
the Fantastic Four and give them a
gritty edge I don't know if that was
necessarily the fault okay you know I
you you need Doctor Doom to be this
over-the-top man who talks about himself
in the third person that wears armor and
and as the ruler of his own country and
as his country looks like it's straight
out of the 1700s the way the peasants
there look and speak you need you need
someone who's comfortable with a little
bit of silly absolutely absolutely
Thomas thrives in even the most unusual
of locations
I can sell equipment I love dr. doom I'm
not sure you could make dr. doom work in
the MCU
hmm interesting here's here's what I
will say and this will this is no
spoilers for Thor Ragnarok
no spoilers at all the way in which
Chris Hemsworth portrays Thor in this
movie is a little different than his
portrayal of Thor in the other two
movies it reminds me a lot of almost in
a good way of how Aquaman is patrolled
and Batman braving the bold okay he's
boisterous and a little over-the-top and
ready for a fight and he's not
necessarily like no he was always like
you know like in the other movies I
thought he was more like scowling no no
no no watch the first movie again it's
been a while since watch the first movie
again in the dark world that's what he
is where is Jane Foster he walks in for
his coronation Amy is it's all full of
himself
oh it's been a while since I've seen the
hearse right yeah but I do like yeah
he's like Zapp Branigan in Thor Ragnarok
and and so like they're embracing some
of the silliness which I like here's
another thing to say with a Fantastic
Four even if they did it right in a
stylized mere 60s flavors Fantastic Four
movie you don't do Doctor Doom in there
you've got enough to you've got enough
to introduce those cons you hold off on
dr. dizzle not 100% yeah 100% that's
that's the failing of every single
Fantastic Four they try to introduce
four characters with four weirdo powers
and a villain with weirdo powers right
too much too much
they never did doom right no because
doom done right is too silly and they do
something that was serious for modern
audiences and it fucking failed every
time yeah
shall try it he's got a nice guy he has
to refer to himself in the third person
yep and they have to do it where his
scars are minor but he's so vain that he
has to wear the mask I do like that
interpretation that is the best take I'm
doing yeah where he's just that vain
it's one little scar as a scar down his
cheek it's not that bad but he wears the
mask to cover it because he's that vein
right
yeah yeah
skip the origin like they did with the
new spider-man problem fix also possible
people no longer need an origin store we
understand like superheroes are a thing
well then the Fantastic Four's origin
it's not even that interesting they go
to space thing if I space race yeah yeah
yeah just skipping hmm
I'm okay with that by the way I'm just
like I have people fighting on my side
now I have a whole bunch of soldiers
rich just described Varon bond under
bite from The Venture Brothers who you
think who do you think is a blatant like
parody of Doctor Doom in your life you
will have wondered endless intersections
yet this one stick why what is it in
your memory that catches here
age turns us all she has done rather
better than I in the time that has
passed
your companion has his own story to tell
we must lock ellipsis problem a love a
hero or a villain
anonymous I just I don't want to bring
this into any kind of politics at all
it's nothing terrible it's nothing
terrible
we we didn't have anything to vote for
in our districts yesterday there were
there were no our our midterms are next
to era in 2018 so we didn't have
anything to vote for I there's a lot to
talk about about voting stuff but yeah
we won't get terribly into politics
every time I've tried and it's been a
horrible disaster usually you people in
chat go a little crazy now you know you
go a little nuts but we didn't have
anything to vote for here in our section
of Wisconsin so I've got people on or
coming on the YouTube videos yeah this
day hate my guts it's because of mild
criticisms I've had of Canada's they've
liked yep no look there's a lot of gray
area people you know like there's a lot
of bud go for rich talk politics as mega
Paul gets his popcorn ready he like talk
politics do it who's gonna go nuts in
chat first but yeah we didn't have
anything we didn't have anything here to
vote on some but if we did voting would
have happened of course cuz midterm
elections are important every election
is important Adam Sandler's is Jack
Brown out of salmon Jack started
American vandal yesterday on your
recommendation finished American vandal
by yesterday night now I'm behind in all
my work fuck you jack but seriously the
show was great it really is I'm it's
Netflix is kind of killing it kinda
killing it with their new stuff they're
gonna have to I the grand scheme of
things if they if they can't keep it up
if they don't have a fucking hit that
Netflix produce show every fucking year
no any year look every month they need a
new show every month too many of these
big companies are starting their own yep
streaming services and they've got the
backlog of the movies the franchise's no
and as soon as Disney starts their own
because you know Disney starting their
own all those Disney properties are
leaving and Netflix knows it because
like button they've been
investing hard and original Pro Fox has
been pulling their stuff from Netflix
they use them they're going to shortly
lose what does it sunny in philadelphia
they're going to losing that yeah
they're gonna have there's gonna be a
day in the not too far future where they
only have their own shit to stand on
that's true it's very true and you know
what I think it's gonna be ok they've
been they have been producing some great
content yep and I can tell you from from
talking to people who have made stuff
before for Netflix I have some friends
who have actually been you know
directing and producing stuff for
Netflix Netflix treats their creators
very well they give them a ton of space
a ton of leeway to do their own thing
rich I have a they have to eat a flower
yeah I got a daisy a forget-me-not or a
luminous purple flower I can only assume
the forget-me-nots what's the greater
scheme of things here what's what led to
this melaka lips is talking to a little
goblin yeah and i first we had to pay
the goblin ten gold which I gave them
yeah you're welcome Malacca lips and and
now he says we need more we need your
warrior to eat a flower well I'm reading
what the chat is saying okay fortunately
because I have my own suggestion but
it's not what every one of the chat is
saying and they probably know things we
don't okay so do you want me to spoil
what is your suggestion well you'll know
that's not what they're saying what I
was thinking of eating is the luminous
purple flower because it's the weirdest
okay what what is your suggestion I was
gonna say maybe you'll remember some
long-lost thing you lost if you eat the
forget-me-nots
you remembered where you stored some
ancient armor that's not what everybody
is saying what is everyone saying do you
want to know yeah they're saying eat the
purple flower I'm gonna do it the flower
has a crispy burnt texture yeah sure or
forget everything it's called a
forget-me-not chat shit gonna happen
it's not gonna happen
the dice are fair and thus you have lost
this round damn it
you feel an intense wave of heat emanate
from your stomach to your neck and you
collapse to the floor you wake to
Malacca lips splashing it with water the
murk has left and you see him attempting
to steal a seed bun from the Baker stall
we'll come back later and try again oh I
failed because of my dice roll I didn't
get the little token I'm sorry
I'm sorry she tried to forget me now who
will make you have ads even if you pay
them there's two tiers the the cheaper
tier has ads the more expensive tier has
no ads at the point where there are
seven streaming services that I'll have
good things that's but just before a
pirate foot and pirate everything fuck
them in this ship it didn't it seems
silly
cut the cord so I get into paying more
than I was just for cable right it
doesn't seem silly that you pay for Hulu
that also has ads like like the CW
streaming service that is a free cert
like that's just an app that you have
they have ads but you can watch all
their shit they just have ads that's the
smart way to do it though to be honest I
watch that so much I would pay to have
there as removed because they have the
same ads over and over again so I would
give CW money if I could not watch those
stupid ads let's hear top west wind town
hall is a large bell tower it used to
signal the day's end for the workers in
the mines and surrounding fields but now
it will summon west winds defenders oh
you make a brand is do you wish some of
the soldiers you have recruited I have
eight soldiers recruited yes let's ring
the bell as night clothes as night
cloaks west wind who can sense the
corruption rising from the shadows all
around you you survey any soldier you've
managed to recruit
yes you have gathered a large group
someone needs to go through this with a
little with a little edit button you
have gathered a large group soldiers
yeah yeah just a little little
grammatical editing to defend the town
here's hoping you won't need any more
yeah I'll be fine
you must survive till morning when
Imperial reinforcements will arrive I'm
about to give a rousing speech rich oh
shit oh shit oh sure the soldiers appear
unmoved by your words oh it could be
worse yeah
chatez Netflix Canada gets star trek
discovery I think all of Netflix except
for us
so Canada wasn't gonna be this Oh Canada
no so all of North America doesn't get
it yeah that's too bad
dice comes yeah but to be fair CBS all
access is the greatest thing ever
everyone watches stranger things and
talks about a few weeks left look steps
on my own spoiled ungrateful shits
I'm not saying Netflix sucks I'm saying
they're in trouble because so many
people want to run streaming things yeah
I think the good thing I mean I mean
they're going to lose content over time
Netflix is smart Netflix has been
planning losing yeah other people's
content for a while now
yeah and so that's why they started this
big original programming push and so
Netflix is ahead of the curve and that's
actually going to be a problem like for
CBS all access what do they got besides
Star Trek you know might see creature of
chaos felled by your power does it
satisfy you this bloodshed knowing those
you destroy but one simply presents my
problem isn't the problem is that twenty
different people are gonna want to be
Netflix right if you want to watch all
this shit you know that comes out it's
gonna cost you $200 a month right well
that's horseshit no plus another $60 a
month for decent internet service so you
can watch it all right right feet magic
do not think I'm satisfied with this but
at least we have a place to begin
CBS is rebooting The Twilight Zone as if
it can be done they've tried so many
times it's a reboot that's rising yep
keep it simple don't be afraid to be a
bitch easily right you will find a
Grimlock this is both on Gog and steam
and I think it's change Xbox as well to
explore the blood I don't have an Xbox
so I don't know it is currently like 10%
offs on both steam and GOG so and I was
thinking it did I told rich this earlier
I was I was debating which platform to
buy it on and both had it on sale and I
knew I was gonna buy it and I know rich
does prefer GOG because you can get a
drm-free copy but more importantly after
watching the the The Witcher documentary
and learning a little bit about the
history of set of projects I I liked
them so much and I know that they are
behind GOG now I wanted to support them
so I I gave my money to GOG alright
remember that Twilight Zone episode with
burgess Meredith and the library and the
broken glasses of course classic see see
you know what the mistake that they
would make in rebooting the twilight
zone that's such a simple story and
effective they would waste millions of
dollars on apocalypse CGI rather than
just telling that simple story in the
simple way that the twilight zone did it
in the 60s they would put zombies in any
time that's not yes they would put
zombies in there of course they would
yeah they would be unable just to tell a
simple story they would say they would
turn the the simple quiet man who didn't
really like people into like an action
hero yeah I guess this glass is broken
fighting the zombies rather than just
them simply falling off exactly his face
yeah
yeah yeah put respect on their name I am
that's why I'm calling them said to
proyects I heard Jordan Peele is going
to be showrunner for new Twilight Zone
that's that's encouraging he knows he
knows how to make stuff he would eat you
know what Jordan Peele would have
respect for the source material no
matter what you do you're also missing
out a roster right no offense to Jordan
Peele he's no rod sir he's a fine
filmmaker but yeah how blasphemous what
a bait just to hire an actor to play Rod
Serling well you know don't hire an
actor to play Rod Serling hire an actor
like Ross that's what I mean that's kind
of what I mean yeah yeah you need you
don't call him rod serling but he's
quite clearly Brad swell
you know like the the fun part is Rod
Serling was also like what didn't he
wasn't he like the writer yeah like so
like he was also involved with not
necessarily every I was he wasn't writer
but he kind of did spearhead the show
right produced it and so you would need
someone of his vocal quality uh-huh not
necessarily who's involved in the show
yeah but it like just his his cadence
his tone and cadence were enough just to
get you into any episode of toilet zone
I loved his voice Forest Whitaker I know
they didn't have a Forest Whitaker is he
is he possibly too dramatic who Forest
Whitaker is it not the same it's just
this guy in a suit she's seeing here
today a tale of a man yeah Forest
Whitaker is he's he's - yeah
- dramatic would be good you know I'm
thinking you know if I'm thinking of
only because I saw him in a commercial
recently and I just like him in general
yeah you know who do good Clive Owen
yeah British accent deep voice some of
the Clive Owen what could be the voice
of Twilight Zone and I'd be okay with it
dr melaka loves this problem again like
their winters bain dan aykroyd wait a
little bit these poor to old now it's
anything like that is he old is he he's
not his he falling apart old or she just
old he's just old he's not follow your
plan falling apart old but i also don't
think he has the voice for he didn't
look that bad this cameo on ghostbusters
yeah yeah told but he doesn't have the
right voice for it you need you need
someone with a little timbre in their
voice this you know Tim Reber Aykroyd
wouldn't know it's fiction don't just
help him sell it all the better right
shed I know you're bringing up Patrick
Warburton a lot he did he did the
narration fine in series of unfortunate
events but a little too comedic yeah
he's got a whole different stick and
then you know he does he has his like
squinty eyes thing mm-hmm
and I like just picturing him as the as
the the the spearhead as the face of a
Twilight Zone up wouldn't work he has
the voice of course but no you need you
need something you need someone who's a
little bit of an everyman and just
slightly weird but not super weird just
just like it's like a tent like before
Tim Curry unfortunately is is falling
apart old he might have a disease well I
don't I don't know if it's aged as much
as it is stroke with him you hit a
stroke right he had a pretty big stroke
yeah which just might make it all the
more entertaining
shut up story
forget ice
ohso Frank gesture has it gesture three
to eight eight has it Jon Hamm Jon Hamm
is your Rod Serling he might actually be
to Rod Serling for Rod Serling Jon Hamm
would be perfect though
yes you find yourself once again in the
company of Prayer of religion
now it begins negotiations on behalf of
the Empire yeah Jon Hamm is radiance
I'm sick of what post-stroke Tim Curry
melaka lip says somehow roped into
traveling deep into the far north on a
diplomatic mission well I usually
refrain from working in the Empire since
this one takes me further away from it
I've made an exception I'll square my
debt with general brand storm and help
open many tolls what do you say if you
want to go with an actor with a deep
voice why not try Keith David Keith
David is fantastic but I'm trying to
avoid the deep dramatic voice and just
just a normal guy introducing thing it's
not slightly weird who's Keith Davis
keep David Keef just watch the thing he
was the oh god I can't wherever the
character's name the black one thing
he's been a bunch of things he was a
Goliath he voiced Goliath in gargoyles
sure really deep bless that voice yeah
that's two months childs from the thing
Thank You Chad too much too much
yes I know I did voice work in Mass
Effect but jag has not played Mass
Effect so that would be no help Keith
David or David Keith yeah
David Keith yeah I know I know you're
talking about nice he has a good
fantastic voice but yeah there is a
Keith David now I'm getting them
confused which is which is it Keith
David David Keith no I'm all turned
around oh fuck me alright crumbled into
the dust
more's the pity David Carradine that's
something entirely different chat wait a
minute did you know that David Carradine
died via auto-erotic asphyxiation you
mean like he was choking himself all
choking ed really that's how he died
yeah I had no idea why would someone
choke themselves while jerking off
that's just his thing supposedly you get
a little bit extra out of it
I'm not daring enough to try beggar's
job
sounds great
it's also the president and Rick and
Morty keep David would you haven't seen
brick and Morty but he voices the
president be mine I know it now like you
said gargoyles and now I think of it
yeah I can I know exactly I really deep
voice I can't picture his face at all
but I know exactly fantastic voice
absolutely absolutely
oh fuck so like that's the big thing
with the game if you notice that card
had a little gem on it and you know the
little choose your own choose the
correct card thing yeah and if I would
have chosen the correct card I would
have gotten the jam and that's that's
how you complete the event unfortunately
I am up so I did not completely be
careful where one takes right couple of
people on shed and bringing up that
Keith David voiced spawn in the spawn
animated series and HBO and oh is that
really that memorable the spawn animated
series from HP Oh what I was gonna say
his own spawn had an animated series on
HBO
that's I like I tragedy of spawns it's
not the worst premise it's just a todd
mcfarlane is just such a shit not just a
shit writer but just a shit in general
but most but most importantly a shit
writer I mean he's all sorts of a shitty
person but just a shit writer talking
about making a new spawn movie you know
spawns just a man with a melted face and
a mask there's no reason you couldn't
have keep David voice um and live-action
shoes bond yeah oh yeah well it's a full
fuckin face mask that save you a ton of
production time to if the actor doesn't
give a good take who the fuck cares you
put on the mask and you stand here and
he pointed a thing we'll have someone
acted later if okay if I did a live
action spawn movie I would totally just
have Keith David voices gone dump it in
a TR it yeah I'm with you
you have no lives to worry about really
I'm with you anytime he's got the mask
of it's gonna be CGI anyway
here's a token for you if you can earn
it
oh yeah so here's here's the one I
failed earlier and we're gonna try to
get that gym now my luck ellipsis
problem oh yeah Michael ups my luck old
man
all right last movie that made you go
Wow uh um possibly spider in homecoming
I felt like a kid watching that that was
a fun movie I've heard some people say
that like that's not their favorite
spider-man moving it's like you then
you've read this wrong spider-man whoa
that's a great spider-man movie and I
have nothing but respect for at least
spider-man 1 & 2 that's the one and to
Sam Raimi spider-man movies but that's a
great that's a great smile I was pretty
down with guardians too but before that
a fury road I think everyone knows this
imamate fury road is one of the best
movies ever made but that's just true
possibly my favorite movie that's truly
wild nature will not tolerate fury in
its domain unless it is its own no I
have absolutely zero plans on playing
the new son again I don't give a shit
via a sniper in the chat says fury road
was awful a long-ass car chase boring
that why is it some like Trump tweeted
us to erode very long car chase boring I
mean it's nothing but a car chase fury
road was awful
boring
if you'd like any indication on how
wrong you are your assessment of fury
road rich put it very nicely no I'm not
going there
I'm not going oh that's a it's a good
thing not to go in there go on there but
that's a fine Jo you guys might have
heard that I don't know we're not going
there
a win here sets the tone for your
challenge gobbledygook says I believe
you can download for free RPG Maker FES
for the 3ds to play games users uploaded
and would you be willing to play a
randomly selected amateur creation they
are their JRPGs rich you love them no
the red epic says my wife picked up
frozen and while the Templars and that
religion for heaven to drop it this
morning to go to work she stretched and
exclaimed all I want to do is sit here
all day and play this game so it's good
you guys Rock I'm looking forward to it
I like I said oh I'll get that I'll
download that and I'll bring in my ps4
on Sunday which one is oh that's a
horizon and that'll be our that'll be
our game plan for Sunday we got is a
little horizon zero dawn
Hausa effaces the mountains against my
better judgment I just recently saw
death list ah whatever happened to the
guys that made that did they ever
comment on rlm stuff you know what I
have never seen death list don't just
just don't affair that's fair and I have
no idea what those people are up to in
this day and age which is I'm probably
normal people working odd jobs if you
saw and enjoyed deathlist definitely do
not look up old man oh that's the same
people yeah oh I've seen old man that's
their second effort made in deathlist
first man is an embarrassment of a movie
what is deathlist?
that most deathlist is a bad movie
that we've referenced many times I
don't recommend watching it it's really bad
Oh old man is super bad and it's not
funny bad old man
mm-hmm
it's embarrassing and bad bad.
I think I think people know that Mike and I had
met Jay through a web site community
hangout for people who made movies for
fun like a DIY filmmaker message board
thing deathlist was made by somebody
else who hung out there okay and Mike
made the mistake of giving an honest
review you know maybe you can get some
some feedback that would help you in the
future as everyone's as far as I know a
little more backstory is people who made
movies would like mail them to each
other yeah and I just back before
YouTube was right and then you could
talk you could like yeah I'll mail you
my movie tell me what you think about it
yeah yeah and and everyone lost their
shit that it wasn't just you know we
weren't just secondary each other's dick
for funds and somebody said something
honest and oh you evil evil man sure
yeah sure
it's fine
sacrifice your companion to discard a
monster card sure
I don't need my companion no at least
not in battle I hope I didn't like just
kill him I hate cute little animations
when you get a new weapon neat looking
weapon yeah winters bane fuck
fiery dog poops is fun fact Balaam is
the only Disney princess who is not a
princess either born or married into
which which Disney princess is which
Disney princess is best Disney Princess
- mereta Effie brave though Megara from
Hercules is hottest first of all what do
you what are you talking you cannot rank
Disney princesses by hotness most of
them are children
this is true this is not a thing this is
not a conversation we can have as adults
well we didn't say by hotness
necessarily is how you have to rank them
no but they mentioned one who's hot okay
best Disney Princess I'm gonna they're
gonna find some reason for ray to have
royal blood so she could be the Disney
Princess oh she's already quasi indecent
princess I'm a fan of beauty of Belle
I'm a fan of Belle just cuz I like that
movie I like I like Anna from frozen
have they made the attempt to put
Princess Leia and their Disney Princess
line of just stuff I think yeah I think
they have that I don't
I have two boys so we don't outright you
know much about the Disney Princesses we
don't get too much into the Disney
Princesses
campfires will always offer warmth and
heat but they also change with each
challenge be prepared
Varane Adam Sandler says hey guys
building on the Netflix convo yeah have
you guys seen mind hunter I think it was
brilliant - a couple of very minor flaws
I think rich might really love this one
I've heard about this a couple of times
what is mine hunter I don't know you
don't know I haven't seen ok sell me at
it I know very I know very little about
it
just cooking food here because I'm way
low on life
I ain't misbehavin as a huge fan of no
Breen wants to know if we'll ever do
another Neal Breen film happen cause
I'll have them sooner or later I am sure
of course we will yeah when it happens
that's that's the real question
well the guck says do you feel
Metacritic has any value for example the
recently released sonic forces has a 57
and Marya Odyssey has a 97 how can that
be
Sonic is so much better genesis does
what nintendome obviously they're doing
something right so I'm fine with
Metacritic I think people get confused
about things like Rotten Tomatoes and
Metacritic it's it's an it's a it's a an
aggregator does Metacritic work same way
I don't know what Metacritic does I
assume they met at Metacritic is someone
who takes all the critics and lumps them
together right I thought they did it
there does they calculated the same way
rotten tomatoes - I thought they did is
the way Rotten Tomatoes does it a lot of
middling scores that are just over just
high enough just enough of a rating to
get above fresh yeah we'll give like a
film a 99 and the thermometer or even
though the average review it gets us
like a 60% okay I think Metacritic might
be the average of all of these things
combined oh okay which is different sure
so but I mean it's the same idea but
just different calculations is why
you're saying the way it's calculated
though I believe I could be wrong is
very different oh okay I guess I always
assumed Rotten Tomatoes was also just an
average run Tomatoes is just that the
tebah better score is the number of
positive reviews it's gotten it doesn't
necessarily reflect the average score
oh okay Omega but I get both our
aggregators right both you should trust
neither the the whole point of like
criticism and finding a critic is
finding someone who shares your
sensibilities right like if you were
thinking about seeing a movie I wouldn't
go to rotten tomatoes to know if I
should if I would like that movie
because Rotten Tomatoes is just an
aggregator I would go to a critic who I
know shares my sensibilities and I have
a few I have like oh you know like I'll
see if this person likes it I'll see if
this person likes it and that's where
I'll make my decision on whether or not
I would go see a movie and but people
just assume that like oh well it gets a
high score and Rotten Tomatoes I must
like this movie then it's like that
doesn't it doesn't mean anything the
least of notice the very lands they care
more about the things that people are
saying about it more so than what their
story is surprise okay sure
the problem is that publishers for both
industries to take them seriously well
right it's not it's a nice thing like to
put on your box 99% fresh and rotten
tomatoes like if I if I wrote a review
for for doom
yeah the doom reboot and and what they
had to say about it was oh there's so
much action the game never stops to tell
a decent story there's almost no
cinematic elements I give this game a 2
out of 10 I would read that review and
be like ah shit that sounds right up my
alley
right so I don't much care what you
finally score somebody gives something
else I care what they have to say about
it that's a really good point
one day
fuck you
Oh another one you're caught in an
endless loop stop throwing shit at me
goddamn trappers
I'm up for 20 our assess long time
watcher first-time super love watching
the stream you guys are very
entertaining and I enjoy the
conversation more than the games you put
I think that's a lot of people I think
it's pretty common I think may the force
be with yous Thanks you want them hey
thank you for watching we appreciate it
you ever consider featuring Mortal
Kombat on the best of the worst can have
any be movies they're just kind of big
big but a fairly big budget big releases
right after the first one probably yeah
I don't you know like like there was
that one there was the Street Fighter
movie I don't know if there's anything
so bad it's good about them is that is
the we've typically avoided things that
were just mainstream big releases like
somebody somebody sent us the other day
serial mom like that's it's not that's
not in our wheelhouse man also that's
John Waters that's a whole different
thing
like that's not a so bad it's good movie
that is a John Waters movie which is in
a whole different level right
you know like serial mom is fuckin great
but somebody saw the car were they
didn't know much about it they thought
it looked silly and they just said it it
sure Jane loves to real mom well maybe
they said it because Jay likes it then
and I'm I'm misinterpreting their motive
I don't know
they just sent it to give it to Jay I
mean that's that's possible but every
now and then people send us things that
were you know fairly big releases at the
time yeah I'm like we're never gonna do
anything with this I don't know what to
do with this
there's I have a we have a Fame I don't
know what that congratulations and a
Fame meter
I'll get a blessing from them so we're
good we push on despite nature itself
attempting to thwart you strange things
still exist and eating do not see the
beauty this poor yeah two wonders still
remain how hard it is see good evening
I've lived in the eastern zone my whole
life
is there anything annoying about being
an hour behind or is it comforting that
if the world ends at midnight you get an
extra hour but I'm okay I'll tell you
what's annoying daylight savings
retaining it gets dark now at five
o'clock yeah that's just that's the most
depressing thing in the world you know
what fuck the fucking farmers it gets
dark at dinnertime old-school farmers
don't even exist anymore it's all
fucking factory farms exactly they have
they have big old they have stadium
lighting in their fields yeah we don't
we don't need to worry about it anymore
though though we are and we're in
standard time now this is what this is
standard yeah maybe the the put yeah
it's it's crazy it is now it is nice to
still wake up with some light you know
in a month we're not gonna wake up with
any light so well you don't but because
you know you wake up at five I've waited
100 years for my revenge if you throw
something you may be able to distract
the savage mouth thus allowing you to
steal some fruit I think I have some
equipment
Oh Oh I have to throw nice equipment
fuck that fuck oh fuck I can't go back
you have to get rid of one of these I
thought I could throw him like my my
dumbass shield I'll throw my shield I'd
rather have mice what does it do yeah
your swords where's your sword do good
stuff and I don't and I don't think I
have another one that's a good sort I'm
gonna throw my shield yeah let's throw
the equipment at the plan oh that's
pretty
oh that's pretty good that's pretty good
I got magic fruit there you know magic
fruit what does the magic fruit do it
gave me 15 extra to my max life fine
world is becoming less dream no Misha
James is out lion killman's i voice
comes out as a dozen small creatures
leaped from the trees around you it
takes a moment to realize they're gnomes
dirty poorly armed gnomes a few hold
Spears but most have only a rock or
sharpened sticks we see calm synth
finesse elves a gnome declares loudly
hand over some of your equipment and
we'll release you we can even pay
something I'll give them some food for a
helmet one of the small folk says no
give me some armor and I'll give you a
health potion oh I don't think I gave
him something like a fuse I don't want
to know cuz I wasn't gonna tell me to
give him my sword I don't want to give
my sword
but I can't fight off the fucking nose I
wanted to really fight the little bit
yeah darn it what you get for exploring
I only have three blessings and I need
six blessing the fudge in order to meet
with the High Priestess that's the whole
point of this mission is to meet with
the High Priestess I have a phone make
you fight or something instead if you
don't have they would know trust you
lose a bunch of just shit that's nice
grab McGuirk says have you read the
latest copy of Walmart's game center
magazine why would I ever read the any
copy of Walmart's game center magazine
that seems like a really weird question
to ask it's the new freeway to hear game
release opinions scores stay up to date
and all the radical topics and video
play culture ShopSmart
you're losing a gobble tea you're losing
it does gobbledygook snout work for
Walmart gaming magazine possibly and
he's like I got it listed this is part
of my job I've run PR lost his job with
DC Universe now I tried I I was doing
viral marketing with streamers and they
weren't biting
they still make gaming magazines and who
buys these things I think they're all
online now right like they still make
any print ones I don't read them I oh no
you know what I get the GameStop one
because I have a Gamestop rewards oh
sure sure
I still get that one and it goes
directly into my recycling bin every
single time that comes of course I trade
in news did all the time I trade in all
the games that have we use for the show
I'm such a gaming packrat oh yeah I
don't throw anything out I mean if I
like a game and I think I may play it
again at some point but a lot of it like
Mario Rabbids out of here I've only
traded a game in when I like absolutely
despised it yeah
I have no know necessarily I don't need
to hold on to stuff like that Oh
besides when you be so much better just
selling them at eBay that's a lot more
work yeah it is my time is worth a lot
to me
you can change your Game Informer
magazine to digital / email Jack yeah
probably yeah
dammit are you doing poorly sacrifice a
companion to discard in Moscow
yeah sorry companion yeah yeah I still
don't have fighting down to a science
and now I gotta get I got rid of my nice
shield and now I gotta fight some Frost
berserkers I don't even know what that
is that's these guys look at these fucks
yeah I didn't I didn't trade in the Mass
Effect 3 I destroyed it even if I wanted
to I couldn't trade that end of his on
EA's origin which like steams DRM you
can't
can't trade in games on GOG either no
what do we say I have them drm-free you
can do what I pretty much want with them
you said I rarely I rarely ever trade in
games anyway no I'll probably never do a
video discussing my spectrum death what
other people have other people have done
it I don't know that I could add much
more that's new well yeah and I mean
that game was so old by this point right
who would you be talking to fuck you
what you can hit me while I'm doing that
yeah oh damn it oh oh I was rolling I
was rolling rich I was rolling
Chad I I never owned Ghostbusters on the
NES but every NES game that I do own did
own is in storage somewhere yeah yeah
never traded him never sold
