Ziggurat - A different FPS Rogue-Like (Part 1)
May 21, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PY_hcSkJ8GI

sorry if if you're utterly utterly
confused about if we've showed up for a
second they don't know that we did I
have not seen anybody say anything about
us showing up for a second oh ma man
there you go now we're just confusing
them yeah great
um fresh yep hey every everybody we were
having some issues because I got one of
those fancy Elgato stream deck dealies
so we could do wonderful things with the
stream and we were having some hot key
issues hockey streaming in the city hot
key streaming in the city and back of my
neck getting rather better half
soup top give it a dupe dump flub adapt
up dooba dooba to dupe dub now we're
here now we can't hear our desktop audio
that's weird right there we go it's all
fine it's all fine how's everyone doing
this fine day I think it is a fine day
rich okay you should be able to hear
game audio now yep rich I should this
should I'm just sayin theoretically they
should be able to hear game audio hi
welcome everybody
where's Jay he's probably preparing to
watch Twin Peaks in like 45 minutes er
in four minutes I think twin peak starts
in four minutes
anybody say Jay was gonna be around
every confused like but I'm saying even
if Jay was thinking about coming tonight
the answer would be no twin peak starts
today right hi they're doing that slowly
- you can't bench that can you nope oh
and which is why which is by what I'm
not going to watch it right away I'm
gonna wait - the whole season is done or
close to being done then start paying
for show time so I could watch it all
and then immediately stop paying for
Showtime I don't you can do that yeah
the whole doll baby back we're at Twin
Peaks guy we're gonna get ass non-stop
Twin Peaks questions that's true that's
true
that's true of the you know what the
problem is I have too much stuff to
watch tonight you know they just
released season three of Kimmy Schmidt
oh this out now it's it's out as of
yesterday I think okay so they just
released that new sense eight is out
which is fabulous Fargo is happening
right now there's too many good things
to watch at the moment the handmaidens
tail just started mmm and you have to
buy everything you have to buy all the
things if you want to watch the thing
Neil Gaiman is American Gods started and
so you need stars you need Hulu you need
Showtime you need some sort of basic
cable subscription so you can watch FX
and you need Netflix in order to just
keep up with all the amazing shows
what's on FX twin P nebula no not Twin
Peaks Fargo okay
Fargo the Fargo's on FX Legion was on FX
Fargo's amazing too many fucking streams
to a fucking things you got to subscribe
to it's insane
yeah what's what Star Trek Discovery on
it what is Star Trek discovery I think
the CBS streaming network that nobody
wants to buy because it's CBS right
no one by the way I have seen the Star
Trek Discovery trailer it did almost
nothing for me right absolutely nothing
oh it showed me how ugly those Klingons
were how about that focus a lot on these
two characters who seem kind of bland
we got we got the gun we got that yep
so I just taking a moment to rebind
where's the diverse crew yeah it's
where's the weird alien science officer
you know where's the holographic doctor
is it pre-cool where's the robot Butler
there's a robot Butler no there should
be though shit in there yes there
absolutely should be a robot Butler just
not as far as data you can't handle that
kind of stuff yeah he wants to help
Starfleet so he's glad to clean up the
floors oh that would be great look
everything looks ugly the Klingons what
the fuck are they doing rich what are
they thinking I don't know what they're
thinking what are they thinking like the
Klingons and make them look like generic
shit
honestly they look like a rounded pieces
of shit and I know that in the in Star
Trek v original series the Klingons were
basically dudes in brown face yeah they
didn't have the fun little spiky horns
and so I think they're thinking is let's
try to find a bridge between brown face
and spiky whoa but the answer is no in
any case they would have hair I believe
everyone it bulb that's a great question
it's a great question rich okay hey guys
before we get too deep into Star Trek
that's all to talk about well we're done
oh oh yeah I suppose uh we could talk
about I'm not just the Klingons about
how everything in that series looks ugly
it does that one shot of the bridge I
would fucking kill myself if I worked on
that bridge
seeing that shit every fucking day that
cold industrial bridge
yeah it just looks kind of bland it's
going to if this is a CW now app show or
whatever it's not gonna have the budget
of a big show right and so they're gonna
but like the shit on the flash looks
halfway decent you know no start tricks
about discovery where every episode when
they find some new weird paying it's a
different adventure yeah this looks like
it's like one long boring Klingon MIDI
series with ugly Klingons yeah yeah
you're especially gonna be a special guy
no give a shit go fine though explore
the wormhole tell me what's in the
fucking wormhole hey hey hey nebula go
find a nebula maybe it does weird shit
there weird science mystery what are
what he's hallucinating about bats I
don't know maybe you find a robot Butler
you're special and you're gonna go on
your Klingon adventure I don't give a
fuck I do big for Star Trek I tuned in
for Star Trek that's right that's right
there we go okay so rich after we
started a streaming strife strife we're
doing for our next episode yeah my next
previously recorded so we've been
playing a lot of strife someone tweeted
at me and said hey strife wasn't the
first first-person-shooter roguelike on
the scene yeah zigu rot okay and I like
play this this shit's way better and it
was on a humble bundle okay pay what you
want with this steam world hice and some
fucking ship game right yes so plopped
down five buckareenies because you know
I could have paid a buck but I like
paying for games plopped down five
buckareenies and I got this and
immediately I said this is a fucking
wizard game there is no way that a wand
is gonna feel as good as a shotgun you
lied to me you son of a bitch okay I
can't wait but then I played it a little
bit yeah and it's actually not that bad
right as long as you can mentally take
that wand out of
had to get a mild so like hey you know
it's need yeah and so then you get four
different weapons you get your you get
your wand
you got a bolts I got I got snow bolts
and it's a first person shooter
roguelike and it's really decent
something I'm I'm actually always really
excited about is the amount of enemy
variation uh-huh very nice very nice the
enemy variety throughout the millennia
many apprentices have witnessed with
delight the mystic and unexpected
vegetable rain however their smiles have
been quickly erased from their pale
faces when they discover that those
adorable carrots are actually Mandrake's
trying to pop their eyes out oh my god
oh there's killer carrots in this I
don't like that's one of the enemies
I'll see if we can see one oh yeah if
there's a look at Isaac a carrot oh that
looks neat yeah he's adorable
Mac get out here look at those guys
wonderful so basically it's a first
person shooter roguelike with really
interesting enemies and fun upgrades and
also it has a system of you can even
shoot their greens yeah yeah you can
shoot the bolts it also has a system of
unlocks as you progress so like as you
go through and dying
yeah it'll you can do stuff it unlocks
like new cards for you again okay Steve
okay so anyway anyway I'm how old is
this old dish old dish yes this is more
this is definitely more 3d Binding of
Isaac
you can only use your wand and increase
one am talking well that doesn't matter
now look at these look at these adorable
Skellington love them I need to check
this up you by the way really need to
check this out it's not bad it's not bad
and if the Humble Bundle still going on
you can get it for a song with
steamworld heist which I know you don't
care about but other people might was
still going on I might be chat is the
Humble Bundle still going on for this
and steamworld heist and the ship game
up fuck you I thought I killed you
harpies 7 2 4 9 says hey guys read my
tip first hubba hubba hubba hubba hubba
hubba
ok what Jack why why does the Seth
MacFarlane Show look better than Star
Trek discovery well because he got more
of a budget I'd like to I'd like to be
snarky and whatnot but he he that man
has made a lot of money and so his show
actually has a budget and they can they
can afford to spend okay so I hate to be
a downer
but you know a parrot here's here's my
problem with the seth macfarlane show i
think a parody Star Trek would be great
mm-hmm
as we've talked about like Space Quest
is a fine movie uh and I would love to
see that I just hate him I hate looking
at Seth MacFarlane I don't necessarily
hate him I look I think he's funny I
don't like looking at him I've had some
fun watching family guy I don't like
looking at him yeah
that's my only problem yes he's doing
he's doing a live action Star Trek
parody show yes for anyone who doesn't
know do you know what that's called
Orvil or something really weird like
that like a name yeah I see I saw I saw
someone go go off and say like it has
nothing to do with budget he actually
cares about it but he is also someone
who can get a budget for the things he
cares about I think it's a bit of it's a
little bit of potato potato there why
wouldn't you give a new Star Trek
shuttle budget though especially when
you want people to buy your shitty
streaming service right listen look at
this up I don't know if it's to me I
know that it looks like it has a low
budget Star Trek Discovery just looks
like it's got some really fuckin shitty
production design
velociraptors oh and I don't care about
captain Beck captain who's special and
she's gonna save do the Klingon story I
don't wanna I don't want a season-long
Klingons story up I want I want a Star
Trek you kill you damn it
here it
Star Trek might just be done it just
probably dying it would merit they had a
really good run had a really good run
really a quality capital run
uh yeah
nice least beyond those decent Star Trek
beyond was very decent was that the fan
made one no that was the third JJ movie
that didn't have JJ oh yeah P on was
good beyond was a good movie
I enjoyed that only they let the Alien
franchise die with some dignity
oh they missed their chance in that 15
years ago I was gonna say as far too
late for that
do you remember alien vs. predator at
this point the Alien franchise is far
more undignified than dignified yes yes
shit that shit started when they when
they cloned Sigourney Weaver alien 4 was
a gosh-darn mess and I know Jay has a
soft spot for alien 3 but that's where I
checked out and then you know I still
watched alien 4 because you know why not
purple key great
great so have you seen I haven't seen it
if you're saying alien covenant
she even planned do no no I have no I
have no plans to I know no and you know
I'm I'm not an apologist for Prometheus
yeah but I'm in the boat where it was
like oh it was a decent movie that just
fell apart in the third act yeah still
has one of the greatest horror scenes
ever in Prometheus the the birthing
scene but you know I like I didn't think
it was that bad I know Prometheus got a
lot of hate from a lot of people and you
know I didn't think it was the gosh-darn
worst
so so but you know it definitely didn't
like get me super amped up for the new
alien Yoona Cinematic Universe and I
don't much care for Danny McBride who's
in the movie so I have no I have no
strong Inklings to watch it
I will almost certainly not watch alien
covenant yeah yeah yeah you're more of
an alien's person yeah and this is
supposed to take cues from alien right
even if it were more like aliens event
been there done that
I'm sick of the alien I think I'm just
sick of the alien mm-hmm that's fair
you know rich totally fair you want to
be all done with the alien yes I do I
really do
that's fine how much is Nina morphe do
we need in our life I mean it's it's an
animal it's just it's just not that
interesting it's not it's not 8 movies
interesting ha ha ha
you laugh that's my where they're at
that's what I laugh sometimes rich I
just laugh when you make so much sense
that it's hard for me to believe that no
one else has had that thought before yes
alien aliens
Oh alien 3 the Sigourney Weaver clone 1
yep alien for resurrection resurrection
yeah um was next one alien vs. predator
was a the very next one yes alien vs.
predator alien vs. predator 2
yep Prometheus yep and yeah Covenant 8 8
shit fucking 8 Alien movies shit rich
nice
eight alien movies can you believe just
the most original monster and creature
design in 30 years
totally not interesting haha come on
rich don't jump that sharp we've seen it
eight times it's not new and original
anymore it's old and played out and and
by the way rich is also not counting the
slew of comic books video games other
material with the alien and it's true by
the way the alien has a great design
right fucking great and iconic design
yeah well it's a great design but but
this would be like doing an entire
series dedicated to the backstory of the
shark from Jaws right like we it's just
shit we don't need
you know you know a serious downside of
ziggurat is no strafe jumping I get I
got really used to that sideways speed
up strafe jump in strife so I started
playing this and there's no strafe
jumping I don't really use strafe
jumping that much I never like hopping
around like an idiot nephew I know a lot
of people love that as a skill yeah we
know I'm not a fucking rabbit they want
to be a fucking rabbit it just felt good
like we know here it is
alright here's that here's the being
boss and boss not as old and worn out as
Star Trek look I'm okay if Star Trek is
dead if they finally run out of ways to
retell Star Trek
yeah I'm fine if they just leave it be
I'm not gonna I'm not gonna cry
a crime they keep releasing shit that's
what will make me upset but I think you
can do more with Star Trek as a concept
than you can with LEM which is just a
neat monster design doesn't mean
creature that's not that's not an eighth
movie series to be son got you I'm with
you so levels in this procedurally
generated yes yep
and yes we are we are planning on going
to we are planning on reviewing strife
we are planning on it will probably film
sometime this week yeah yeah so I
thought like playing this playing a
different version of a FPS roguelike
would be good and I kind of dug it so
that's what I felt like playing maybe
like if if we get sick of this we'll
play a little strafe later but there's
this one frozen soul hellish Ember well
you got to have hellish Ember right hmm
I mean come on
hellish em bah see we got here
that's not an enemy or is it an enemy
laughs then rearrange these slightly
these tips just so I can dig enough
switch topics and then switch topics
back okay j.r.r Lovecraft says if an
alien facehugger impregnated the
three-toed sloth but the alien sloth
actually hunt anything or would have
just burst out and hang around with the
other indigenous laws these are the
important questions I think what was it
taking on a different shape based on
what kind of animal was that was that
invented with the Prometheus uh well
actually covenant did that right or was
a no wait three had like the dog alien
oh yeah I guess it's been around for a
while the dog alien no we'll probably
run around murder everything no matter
what it is where it comes out of yeah we
just looked at a slightly sloth like
maybe it would move slowly but oh wait
how great available
Namah so hey rich have you seen the Rick
and Morty
alien spoof season 3 is gonna be great
jack I will be getting on a nine-hour
flight a few weeks
besides packing rich what 3ds games do
you suggest for a nine-hour flight ooh
first off I've seen the alien spoof that
wrecking ball ready did oh yeah yes
sorry that's not sick I am of alien Wow
all right and you like your kid Morty
yeah yeah yeah oh I'm sorry
fine so with any with any sort of with
any sort of long flights like playing
video games for a long period of time is
actually pretty difficult because you
know you're in your seat and you sell
out it's a lot like this I thought that
was the selling point of the switch you
can take your big Zelda game and bring
it anywhere with by the way with the
switch you can because you don't have to
hold on to it you put it on so dog okay
and I'd switch but he's got a 3d so he's
got to be like this the whole time
right ah that's you know so basically
you you want something that you can you
know have the ability to put down at any
time something that you're not going to
get super investigate check out that
steam world heist if you haven't played
that yet you know really fun missions
engaging world easy to play through but
also you know you can just play one
mission
that'll lasted like 20 minutes and then
you can put it down for a little bit
look around stretch your legs okay
that's the port of gansta
just a monster
or you know I don't look into how well
Isaac The Binding of Isaac plays on the
3ds I think I heard somewhere that Isaac
is pretty broken on the 3ds yeah I'm
sorry I don't have I don't have it on
the frame so fucking sorry
you should be rich seven of Borgnine
says hey guys just watch escape from New
York and they live for the first time
this weekend oh wow how would you rank
the John Carpenter movies you've seen I
absolutely adore Big Trouble in Little
China yeah yeah I mean that's kind of a
no-contest situation right damage
I'd love to disagree with you on this
just for the sake of argument that is
number one yeah um what are we are we
guys I got the same thing I'm gonna
Halloween oh yeah you know what I'm not
huge on Halloween yeah I'm not huge on
Halloween but the thing I'm not a horror
guy but I can recognize that Halloween
is a quality oh sure sure not saying
it's not quality but like just compared
to all of his other stuff I probably I
would definitely take they live and or
escape from New York over that yeah um
you know what about vampires
I never I've never seen hampire I think
I saw part of it where's Jay when you
need him
watching Twin Peaks we already answered
that question what about what about oh
yes when he did Christine - I was admire
the effects work he did on Christine
well I guess it wasn't him personally
but just the effects Burke in general
the car the car repairing itself that
effect is just so so simple right
because they just found a way to smoosh
it from the inside
right they didn't need to like do a
weird CGI art thing they just they just
ruined the car and filmed it you know
played the film in Reverse yeah you know
that's great and it looks like it's it
looks like it's preparing itself
I totally forgot he did Christine 30
hell nope huh nope yeah I don't have
like a ranking in my head
definitely though Big Trouble in Little
China man masterpiece gosh-dang
masterpiece big trouble little Justine
is worth worth seeing I know I need to
see the thing you do I know I do I've
had this conversation many many times
I'm not gonna go over him and and you
doing you know you do how do you get out
here talking Karen oh that's right John
Carper also did star men which oh yeah
Jeff Bridges you haven't seen that
oh you haven't it's it's you know what
you might not like it but it's adorable
why wouldn't I like it it's a little
mushy it's a little it's a little SH
multi let Sara Lee hate mushy okay it's
it's it's slightly schmaltzy and if
you're okay with schmaltz I think it's
adorable
okay okay Starman starring Jeff Bridges
and some bitty who's in that what what
biddies in that who knows
that wasn't that wasn't Lois Lane wasn't
Margaret Kidder no marker critter was
wasn't in many things right I know I'm
thinking of the lady from Karen Ellen
that's right Karen Allen Indiana Jones
Marion that and that's who I was
thinking of I was thinking of Karen
Allen who was only in that and Scrooged
right but her three movies yeah for now
with the other Indiana Jones well she's
right poor Toki
like how do you feel about they live I
love they live I think they live as a
fantastic premise yeah
and it's it's an amazing scene I know
that seems they live of course it's
really fucking amazing yeah
they don't really know what to do with
it though it they live is an X is a is
brilliance in padding
I don't know that it's brilliance it is
it's absolutely brilliant like it
manages to be somewhat engaging even
during the padding but it is very padded
it is it's such an amazing premise that
fight scene is great rowdy rowdy is
great they live as a fantastic 20-minute
short film
yeah it's a fantastic 20-minute short
film but edit the fucking living shit
out of that yeah put it on the remake
list um you know what I'd be done with
that right I'd be done with that put it
on put it on the list of things that we
need remain what's Apple is oh right
right so just just for that reason I
they live is not nearby my top of John
Carpenter films yeah it's not it's and
it is for me just because I think I I
think it's so I think it's something
that people need to see you know it
would be if it were 20 minutes short I
got love I got love for for they live
that tells you what come on get there
get there get there dick
can't you jump yeah jump over the fire
bounce fireballs to hit you still not
okay is John carbon we're still alive
yes yes shockingly he's a very old man
well he's he's gonna the thing with John
Carpenter is uh he's looked like an old
man
for the last 30 years that is very true
that that that man looked looked 80 when
he was 45 maybe that's it then maybe
he's not at all he is an old man but
he's just not much old Regan's he's
finally his actual age is finally
catching up on face hahaha second I can
understand if you saw a picture of John
Carpenter for like twenty years ago and
you thought there's no way he could be
alive now right but he was only 50 then
so how true rich how true riches spittin
truth here
I'd go on it
Jack how do you feel about people who
get anal about the name roguelikes
because not enough like the game rogue
um do you think they did you just shut
the fuck up I do I know you used to get
really a Mel about roguelike no I didn't
oh yeah we had that conversation I got
annoyed with the people who were being
anal oh it really means it's like Gatsby
just likes game Roget if it's that
nearly identical around no no not a
rogue or say in some of the early
episodes you were you were complaining
about because I've know cuz I have no
attachment to rogue I almost certainly
would not have complained about that but
yeah I think they're being dick is like
this is the thing that has stuck and the
definition of roguelike is not
necessarily games like rogue anymore the
definitions can change over time people
I might have pointed out that people
were saying that was the thing okay I
did not share that opinion
oh well then then you're fine okay then
you're fine man yeah I think I think
they're just being a little too a little
much you know like go with the flow you
you I think the problem is they lost
that battle and they're not willing to
admit that they lost it yet
yeah but you lost man
bad gamer Koreans say wrench I recently
watched big trouble of new China hey
should but didn't get what the big deal
was
fuck you know sorry that was me but it
sure wasn't bad but not sure why people
love it so much
what makes it so special either either
get what they're doing or you don't
you're either either buy into Kurt
Russell being this boob who thinks he's
the protagonist when he isn't oh you're
like why is our hero so stupid those are
the two ways you react to big trouble a
little China I know what I guess I could
see that yeah someone's just not
understanding just like but but the hero
so stupid it's a joke of course he
spends half the final battle like with a
a soldier on top of him and he can't get
out he's just stuck down there I know
that's exactly the point the whole fight
everyone's jumping around and doing kung
fu' but he's got this guy this thick
heavy armor trapped on top in the entire
confrontation with that oh god what's he
what's his name low pain the Lightning
guy the the no the big guy the bad guy
low paying right oh yeah I did that
entire fight confrontation he's got Kim
controls lipstick smeared all over his
face just looks like an idiot I know oh
god I love Big Trouble in Little China
David lo pan Thank You Chad hello Pam
that's great movie great movie
nope
there be treasure there be treasure at
the end of this jumping trial it might
be worth it and it might not be worth it
epic chase the X 9000 everybody who seen
Big Trouble in Little China damn well
knows that it inspired Raiden in in
Mortal Kombat right the lightning guy oh
yeah basically revved wholesale from Big
Trouble in Little China the Lightning
guy with the straw hat yeah he was great
yeah
yes worth it never mind totally worth it
totally worth it yes I think with Big
Trouble in Little China you either get
and love the joke or you don't
hmm if the fact that Kurt Russell's
gonna be a boob the whole movie doesn't
do it for you then you're not gonna like
the movie yeah cuz that's what makes the
movie so great it's just great
I know I've been in here before but now
I'm looking for barrels I just got the
upgrade where I can regenerate health by
destroying things and so I'm looking for
things to destroy because my health is
very low it's typical typical pyc says i
tried to watch Big Trouble in Little
China I fell asleep all right all right
shame shame now okay that's fine you
like what you like it's all fun yeah
yeah
destroy you know you guys seen prey I
don't have time to get into prey I just
don't have the time I'm sorry you can
keep talking about it for the next
thirty streams and you know what it
looks pretty good I've the reviews are
coming back they're pretty good we
really like Dishonored - I'm sure we
would like it there's there's just
things man there's so many things don't
have the time to sync myself into an
epic 40 hour game or however the fuck
long it is I just don't yeah I
understand there's all sorts of things
that's not even a knock against it I got
I got shit going on yep
yeah that's the thing rich that's the
thing who got shit going on today jack
yeah I had to go to the zoo you uh I had
to go to the you that you did by the way
I know there's actually storm obligated
that was that was the thing you had to
go to the zoo Karen Karen had a thing
going on
zoo with the zoo yeah and I was
obligated to go with her yep oh yeah you
want to say no to Cara's were a couple
you want it you want to call up Karen
and be like rich can't do that cuz he
has to play a video game uh-uh I'm not
doing that she had some kind of work
work good together yeah at the zoo zoo
zoo work good together that's a common
occurrence yep like a shit poison I'm
sorry jack it's alright that's alright
there's barrels in here and barrels help
me right now well while we were while we
were there at the zoo at the zoo looking
at the animals and shit chat chat sing
remove skeleton yeah
well that's ironic because body world's
now has an animal exhibit cause I
fucking love body world's if you if you
don't know what body world's is be
prepared there is a creepy German man
gunther von hoof and for something
that's it and he takes dead people
actual dead people actual dead people
and he shoves a bunch of plastic into
their veins and he turns their corpses
presumably after they're dead and then
he poses them and dissect them like they
were fucking sculptures yes and so you
can go to museums and other places and
see human beings with their muscles
perfectly intact with all of their skin
ripped off these are not statues these
are these are these are louvers that
have been saturated in plastic yeah it's
the most disturbing fucking shit and if
it wasn't for this plastic corpse
Tess yeah I am fully convinced he would
be a serial killer sure sure
and now he's doing with that with
animals and this is what they had going
on at the zoo
today I got a you know what I gotta go
to the zoo cuz I love that shit by works
is the weirdest shit I saw half giraffe
half skeleton yeah today an actual half
giraffe half skeleton nose man that was
not artificial apparently his the the
people who he he does this to have
signed waivers and kind of like donating
your body to science they have donated
their bodies to art I saw horses
intestine post next to the horse that
the intestine came from isn't it
gorgeous
I remember saying a fucking nightmare to
hell they had one at the Milwaukee
Public Museum a while back yeah and they
had like it was a cross-section of a
normal person and then this morbidly
obese person and it just showed like
like how much their insides were being
uh crashed and it was like it was like a
it was like one of those cross sections
that an artist would do is so cool ah
the bodies are weird and I love it our
bodies are so fucking weird so it's neat
it's neat you do if you want to see this
what's the Milwaukee zoo calls it's
called the Milwaukee's just got the
magazine it's I think that's going on
Dalls sometime in September oh yeah yeah
man this is neat it's there now did you
ticket go to the zoo go to the zoo do
you have to pay anything extra for that
alright ten bucks extra
yeah yeah yeah they usually have a pay
extra bullshit thing get out of here I
can't shoot those things
which one's the main lady that I'm gonna
die nope that's not the main lady I'm
gonna die
let's say things like that's like you
know I couldn't spend all day today
playing pray right I had to go to the
zoo I had to go to the zoo
do you understand that shit I had to go
to the zoo pay 10 bucks to see inside
dead things yeah and it's gorgeous it is
just gorgeous on one hand it's need on
the other hand it just makes me think of
the horrible inevitability of death and
the indignity of dying and then you've
just somebody's fucking statue yeah but
you you're dead you won't care knew him
I'm looking at this corpse because they
had they had some actual people there it
wasn't all animals say it's taking this
guy taking his face off then his brain
is coming out sick that was somebody's
fucking aunt uh-huh and now they can
still see auntie Magoo pin ripping her
face off rip their goddamn face her
brain is falling out of her head yeah
you're welcome
that'll be $10 to see auntie McMurphy
her you can get to see your aunt actual
brain oh that's as a fucking nightmare
oh this is a neat gun their guns not
wands to me by the way tell us a scary
story previously the court of life uh
Body Worlds has an exhibit at the
Milwaukee zoo called inside out mm-hmm
there you go there's your scary story
your scary story is one one day you're
gonna die and if you sign the right
piece of paper we can see your insides
afterwards that scares the good Jeepers
out of rich why if I donate my body to
science I want somebody to fucking learn
how to do open-heart surgery I don't
want to be an art installation okay well
here's the thing rich here's here's
here's my here's my counter argument for
that yeah someone sees this art
installation and it's all these weird
body parts and they become
fascinated with the human body end up
becoming a doctor and becoming a heart
surgeon because they got to see what our
insides were like and that's science
motherfucker they became fascinated by
it okay so I I think it's neat I think
it's neat how our body is a big jumble
of blood and shit and it works how do
they work sure it is but staring at some
of these actual veins is just unsettling
no enough ow I like it I think it's neat
I think it's neat because it's so weird
digs it ah digs it all right where we
are it's a meat machine that's a gene Oh
suave that we we live our consciousness
resides inside a meat machine and yet
it's fascinating
yep a meat machine that is run off of
consuming other meat that's how why look
looking at anatomical illustrations
that's interesting looking at an actual
corpse though that's posed and prepping
its flesh off that's just sad it just
makes me sad um I mean I'm into it I dig
it I dig it when I thought when I saw
Body Works when they were at the
Milwaukee Public Museum they had like
the they had the fetal room yeah and it
was actually like cordoned off like it
was one of those be warned this is some
serious shit it was like behind a
curtain and you had to like sign an
extra waiver to go in because it had
fetuses you know from from a week old to
a couple months old all the way up until
you know nine months yeah and it was so
cool to see that but you know I can see
a lot of people being really disturbed
because obviously these were real
fetuses at one point right but uh man
it's so neat you guys are all gonna
think I'm a psychopath now but I just
think our bodies are fascinating
nonsense the bag says hi both hello jack
yeah I'm Jack did you ever get a chance
to listen to or read sleeping giants oh
no I said I have it I have it on it's on
my my to read lists and unfortunately I
have not gotten around to it yet you
mentioned you done with it a while ago
I've since listened in not bad
oh no they they enjoyed it oh good yeah
it's supposed to be very good I did not
want to be here yet I did not want to be
here yet rich go home I can't I can't
leave I don't think I can leave actually
in mom I could this is procedurally
generated two other levels the same
it's procedurally generated okay I mean
the red background before the bat room
whatever that's flying flame bats
whatever the fucker was your shoot man
well some enemies are the same but I
remember that I thought that broom is
the same but I could be wrong you know
I'm sure the rooms look similar but
they're in different orders is there is
there some if what I'm getting at is
there a significant amount of variety uh
you know what there's a significant
amount of variety with the enemies and
that's what's really important also a
lot of the rooms are like trapped rooms
or puzzle rooms yeah but like look at
this guy
look at him I got fucker he's great yeah
yes yeah I'll agree to that harpy's get
out of my shit get out of my shit
harpies
Admiral poopy pants soupy pants hey guys
I should befriend space cop they loved
it yeah my gay friend found Mike super
cute Oh No
okay I'm glad somebody enjoyed that
movie
somebody somebody not rich Evans it's
fine
as Karen seen it yet she wants to it I
don't want to watch it with her I can't
stand watching myself on camera I'm
gonna have to eventually just like throw
a copy of a movie in the room where she
said there's got to go somewhere else
yeah oh man I'm gonna die on the first
fucking level and I have a cool weapon -
I didn't want to be here yet I didn't
want to be here yet Huff Hardin says hey
guys
rich impressive recognition of Frank
West from the best of the worst episode
yeah you were way up on that have you
all seen the documentary I know that
voice about voice-over artist I've heard
it I am nuts I've heard of it I have not
seen it have you seen I know that voice
no no I'm sure I have none we have not
we have not sorry rebel bases did you
guys catch pixel Titans straight stream
where they gave advice on helping people
have better rooms there's hidden health
packs and you can shoot the door to open
it faster opening the door has never
been a problem open yeah I got that
fucking room cleared before I go to that
door you want to find all the things
you know and I'll tell you what I an
issue I was having with strafe you know
I beat strafe yeah overall like I'm
alright with it I still have not
mustered down whether or not I will
recommend it at the end of the review I
need I need I need some serious thinking
time I'll tell you what but here's my
problem
well what everybody real rush what to do
it well oh no I just I I basically I
just need to sit down and like hey yeah
I I literally just have not given it
much thought
yeah um here's my problem with it as a
roguelike the secrets were they are very
obtuse I finally found one unlike
accident the hidden weapon rooms I know
I was a bunch of shields in there I
didn't find any hidden weapon rooms oh
you didn't know
they have mega weapon room how do you
find these things you know ever
something it's not just shooting the
wall I probably would have found more
they okay so they have rooms in in the
first area yeah Icarus in Icarus where
if you throw a barrel at the right wall
it will break the wall open and it has a
mega weapon in there yeah you're
supposed to see them by when you rush
into a room there's a little orange bug
that will skitter around and then crawl
under and area never seen this I have
never seen one of those bugs ever okay I
have accidentally thrown a barrel at the
wall and opened the right door
I have never seen a bug never ever and I
am at 40 plus hours a spawn every run
yeah
what is the mega weapon different
they're different weapons they're like I
had one that was uh like temporary
weapons are like this is a permanent
upgrade it's a temporary weapon and so
once you run out of bullets they're gone
but like I've had some really fun weapon
yeah some really great weapons not like
some of the weapons you get later on oh
no like I had a and I had a cannon a
literal cannon it shot a cannonball that
rolled down the floor and crushed people
it was really neat huh yeah
um but but that that's what I was saying
so like so I started doing several runs
where I would I wouldn't even I wasn't
even trying to beat the game I would
just try to run into every room as fast
as I could
jump around and look for these damn bugs
and I could not find a bug I have never
seen a bug and I looked it up online and
other people see the bugs and I don't
know
I found the dogs that poop shields did
you find those guys no okay I found the
dogs that poop shield yeah the dogs it
where are they okay you know the room
that's like you shaped that has the
bridge on top okay and the two elevators
unlike the corners of the yeah yeah so
in that room everywhere that you is at
the bottom there's always that jump gap
right yeah if you shoot the wall you can
actually jump through the wall there and
there's two Dalmatians that you can pet
and they poop shields alright I found
that one by accident I was talking about
blood-borne um no we're talking about
strafe but I was trying to basically I
spent some time and I was like I'm going
to figure out how to find the the hidden
weapon rooms yeah and I couldn't do it
and like a thinking back to all the
other games I had tried like shooting
and like robbing on walls
sure but did you know you didn't think
throw barrels at them you knew about
hitting the panels though that give you
this special rooms with either health or
shield although right and then I don't
know how to find them I found one on
accident yeah but you know what they
look like yeah they get red inside yeah
oh you found the room you don't know how
to activate it I heard you I don't know
how it was activated I didn't know how
about oh yeah that's actually pretty
easy yeah yeah there's there these uh
these very distinct square panels and
they're usually up high okay and right
below them is like the panel cover with
a yellow warning signal saved on those
are on the floor and then if you look up
they're a very distinct looking panel if
you shoot though it opens the door huh
I think strafe is just obtuse I think
that's the real problem it might be a
problem the problem where it's like suck
you on the
it's like you in the do blips there was
no markings really where they're back
back on that early version yeah well
there's still no markings on them like
this slightly different texture John oh
sure sure
but thinking about other roguelikes
thinking about like binding of issac you
can eventually figure out something to
give you like a better clue of where the
secrets are yeah right like something
and some of the clues are easy like oh
the rock with the x on them are the
special rock right or like oh you know
secret rooms are always connected to
rooms with nothing blocking the entrance
you know you figure out all these little
things and we strafe I was never I'm not
I'm not able to and for some of the
secrets later on it was just like how
the fuck am I even supposed to I found a
frog I found a frog that I could pick up
on the last level and I'm carrying
around this frog and you can like you
carry on the Frog and like you hold it
in place of your gun right and I could
pet the Frog and I didn't know what to
do with the Frog luckily I had the boots
the stomping boots uh-huh so I could
kill enemies with my stomping boots
while holding on to the frogs so I
killed all the enemies in the area and I
was looking for the special thing to do
with this frog I found most of the
upgrades a special boots I found most of
them not really worth it ah the boots
were fun you could stomp on enemies the
double jump boots are fun the the the
make all the items come to you is if I
oh you know what the the only item that
really matters is the rain slicker where
you don't take damage from poison most
most of the major gun upgrades felt like
downgrades
ah no they were everything with a good
one oh now my machine gun is completely
inaccurate I can't hit anything at a
distance right the three shot one was
really good
the three shot of the machine gun Oh for
me I was all about the nail gun yeah the
exploding bullets oh I've never even run
across that oh man it's the fucking best
it's the best die die die die die thank
you
which to those do what we should what
are the nail guns do how are they
different than the normal bullets so you
if you hold down the trigger it shoots
all the nails yeah and then when you let
go they all explode okay okay and it's
the best fucking gun in the game that's
that's where I won my first time is I
had that the triple shot I had like
triple the firepower I was killing with
that the triple shot yeah that's a good
one too I can't finding clip upgrades
though so I had like a ton of bullets oh
nice yeah yeah nice yeah that's a good
one
you know the shotgun has that great like
mortar upgrade where you basically just
shoot three grenades that's a great
upgrade I was I was on a really good run
actually the last run I play it a couple
days ago I had that upgrade
I had great health and shield and I get
to the last shopkeeper in world - yeah
and I'm like fuck it I'm gonna kill the
shopkeeper I'm gonna go behind his
little door I'm gonna see if there's any
little CTS back Yeah right because like
eventually in an area 3 you've run into
that that place with the game boy and I
keep looking for the battery for it and
so I kill the shopkeeper I kill all of
his drones right yeah and then I can't
get his door to open so I can't get back
to it no fucker so I take all the items
yeah
and inside the dual drone area there's
the release exit button so I go press
that and I go to the exit and it doesn't
open oh and it glitched and I got stuck
in there sorry game it has a lot of bugs
yeah yeah that's the other part of
strafe has a lot of bugs a lot of
potential a lot of bugs oh shit that's
right
that's not what I want I wanna you know
you renegade Kira says Wonder Woman can
deflect anything has super strength
flight and is an expert in hand-to-hand
combat yes and we know she will live to
be in more movies yes where is the
tension in the action scenes that's the
basic Superman complex man even even if
you're not an even if your character
isn't invulnerable like Wonder Woman
that's that's most every superhero movie
you know they're not gonna kill that
character true like either not gonna
kill Captain America yeah in a Captain
America movie this point in might hahaha
sure but not in the first one right not
when they have a whole cinematic
universe to attend to in Iron Man 2
you're you're pretty sure Tony Stark was
safe I don't know yeah of course of
course okay so but a Wonder Woman is
basically Superman all right yeah and as
we've said before there there's no
inherent tension in Superman that's
actually a big flaw in my eyes of
Superman and so the tension has to come
the tension for the Wonder Woman movie
has to come in the stakes of the plot
it's not necessarily because by the way
we already know she lives because she
makes it into Batman vs Superman but
like is is uh
is her friend is Captain Kirk gonna die
maybe we care about him right yes yeah
mortal are the bad guys gonna do the
thing that the bad guys want to do like
the it's so it's the stakes around
Wonder Woman that will hopefully make us
care hopefully
treasure whore I think that's enough you
know like this takes place in the past
you know so-and-so is gonna survive you
know I think I think that problem was
overstated what do you mean so you watch
Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the
Lost Ark yeah you're pretty sure
Hitler's not gonna get the ark and take
over the world
you're pretty sure this is not gonna
happen and yet you still enjoy the film
yeah you know you're right you're right
by the way that's an excellent point of
it Ted 20 points for your excellent
point that's kudos my friend kudos
sure sure but so sorry but it's a guess
so using your Indiana Jones example
right like we care about we care about
his ladyfriend we care about just the
stakes in this one specific arena yeah
and so with Wonder Woman it will likely
be the same reviews are coming back
pretty solidly by the way all right I'm
not I'm not getting any hype up bud
reviews are coming back pretty nicely
done great left left
but oh and I also don't think Wonder
Woman can fly in these movies I don't
know but I don't believe Wonder Woman
has the ability to fly don't know how
much that matters
oh yeah oh I'm just being nitpicky about
their common wonder we know yeah okay
great none of a sense hi Paige
hi I know you and I want to be together
right Paige we are bright we are both
equally great at Bayonet Oh
don't let them tiny ginger bat teach you
big combo I'm not reading that part
let's play hods together soon oh I'm
just curious where right here okay I'm
not written that oh don't I never in
that read then don't I don't blame you
a little green grenades yeah
Ultraman 2m hi rich and some olive
videos you guys joke about you having
diabetes that is just wondering if you
really had this condition you were just
joking about it either way
wish you could help that's all Mike
there's 100% Mike you say like rlm
doesn't joke about it Mike jokes about
it and you know what what Jay has never
been to a place called the man hole and
his name is also not Susan that's true
that's true that's true rich like Mike
pretty much does what he wants uh yeah
yeah
Wendell was taken since Jack Jack I'm a
death investigator at a medical
examiner's office so half my job is
autopsies what if you're ever in the
Atlanta area
you're welcome to a tour shut up real
dead bodies oh I don't want to I'm just
never in Atlanta I'll be honest with you
but oh well I don't know I don't know
I'm gonna take you up on that I don't
know if I could do handle real like you
know dead bodies coated in plastic
there's there's that there's the wall
there's a mental wall right he's pushing
out on you no I'm not I'm debating the
pros and cons like I couldn't see you
not could I see an autopsy that would be
so fucking gross don't you kind of want
to know I could go my entire life
without seeing an autopsy I mean just to
compare just to compare it to what
happens in the movies I would love to
see you know that maybe now I don't know
oh yeah I might be I might be I don't
know well my speed is increased okay and
not getting too close to you distr says
hey guys seeing this game makes me want
to play borderlands have you ever played
borderlands one or two buts
they got some flaws but the pretty fun I
played Borderlands 1 yep and yeah it was
fun until so you know it's it's a
shooter it's first-person shooter but
you know it's also like RPG ish where
you find new weapons and you replace
your weapons and actually like you know
really fun characters interesting world
good job system a lot of that but the
entire game starts revolving around math
like you don't care you stop paying
attention to the enemies that you're
shooting and you just look you just look
at their guns like what's theirs gun
this gun has two numbers higher than the
gun I have I will take that gun like you
stop paying attention to the world
because math the gun becomes
more important that was my problem I
know that I stopped paying attention the
world that's Mass Effect one oh yeah
there was just too many different
fucking guns there's like 9,000
different guns it's incremental stat in
decrease yeah yeah oh yeah yeah okay
this gun has I don't want to throw them
all out because this one maybe has like
a better cooling rate than that one but
I would just hired it yeah yeah well
that one does higher damage of fire but
you know like maybe you're gonna have an
enemy who's weak against ice so you want
that one with the ice gun yeah yeah that
game is a fucking inventory nightmare
yeah you guys what a grade you can just
throw into the cluster I do I do and I
did and you're damaging yourself
important you know it's a Manafort late
awesome scatter gun wand nice nice you
know it's wizards and I'm using wands
yep
but I still I still like it still I got
a lot all right so I'm saying I just
like the Hexen do you remember the hexan
I don't remember accent oh that's back
in the dude days well you weren't to be
what a PC was I didn't have a good
fucking console peasant I didn't have a
computer on the farm rich it was the the
medieval answer to doom okay alright
what I said made by Raven Software I
think once again you're a console
peasant you don't know who the fuck
Raven Software help a brother out rich
throw me a bone Jedi Knight - okay
Hey look at this this gun is awesome
just like scatters the bullets all over
the place and they did the Voyager game
oh of course I was at a leap what was I
called was it called I remember when
that game was called I don't know
there's a fucking Voyager first-person
sure Voyager
because the fucking Voyager of course
hey dick come here
elite force elite whores does it there
you go nice we're doing great doing
great here hun redjac hunchback
Jackson's hey rich and Jack hi Amazon
have a bunch of Marvel omnibus omnibus
ebooks on sale today and also have a buy
one get one free promotion on some
titles people should check it out under
their Kindle daily deals yeah somebody's
a Marvel shill fine Michelle from our
ones finally shilling
here carrot rich rich do you like hockey
um casually you casually like hockey
I've watched like Blackhawks games when
they've been in the playoffs but not
really during the regular season okay
I'll admit to being fair-weathered uh
sure
apparently speaking of hockey yeah
here's the thing I know about hockey
because the other day I took an uber and
my uber driver was super into hockey
yeah the milwaukee Admirals that is our
local hockey team they are a minor
league hockey team I have not been to
again I've been to some Chicago wolves
game and I think they play in the same
league
okay but apparently a bunch of former
admirals players are now playing in a
team that is in like the finals of the
pros yeah whoever our sister team is
where all of our minor players go so a
bunch of people who used to be Admirals
are now right doing very well in the
pros if anyone knows anything about that
I know my uber driver told me all about
it and I really tried to feign interest
because you know he's driving you right
you want to listen to him here we go
here we go Milwaukee animals God they
they must have one of the best fucking
logo in sports
oh yeah the head that that fucking
pirate skull head oh god I wanna I've
never been to an Admiral's game but I
need to go to one just so I could buy
one of their fucking hats yeah yeah
those those are that's a great logo I
agree I've been to some Chicago wolves
game is back way back and fun to go fun
fun sport to see in person yeah I
remember just watching some guy just
just get smashed against the fucking
glass like ten feet away from me and you
see his fucking face to form all this
fantastic but you know but you know I
don't want to watch the body works
that's fair that's fair hey the guy you
know his head hit the glass but it
didn't explode alright Touche
nurse killing it
boom ski boot II bad game recurrences
yeah I had old streams from way back in
2014 playing in the background for some
white noise earlier mic playing co-op
shittier sound quality and Jack ad meant
about never having face cams oh I'm sure
I'm sure I'm sure you know at the time
at the time we're like we didn't we
didn't even watch live streams back then
sir like that no we're never gonna have
a face cam we didn't know we didn't know
what we're talking about rich do you
enjoy Batman the Animated Series fucky I
do fuck you man fuck you man
will you Ben we've been done cease if
you're new here fuck yeah man this rich
a White Sox fan no I wore the Heights
White Sox hat all the time for
absolutely no fucking reason well if I
had to be fair you just said that you're
not an Admiral's fan but you want an app
that's true so that's true 10 10 10
degrees have settle the fuck down
oh look at him fucking rock monster
you missed the what the fuck tip sounds
we still have there just the volume is
like ridiculously low now right was up
the issue know what the what the fuck
have replaced by thank you okay we
should we should Google other fuck back
that's done okay I think it son anything
you want to do man you wanted to do the
fart sound so we did the fart sound I
don't think that was gonna be for long
okay
oh sherry I didn't I didn't intend that
as a permanent replacement I just
problems I just gotta forgot about it
sure sure whatever you want rich we can
do whatever you need you came from are
you coming from where you come from
yeah we can do it
Dream Theater 1310 my second tip I don't
know if you guys have talked about this
but have you played hitman season 1
season 1 minimal story focus on gameplay
multiple ways to kill your target
overall great game I've heard good
things
season 1 yeah that's it's like a new
like that's how they're doing the new
hitman series that's weird
yeah that's weird I've heard good things
I've heard very good things but no I
have not gotten around to playing it I
was I think I've tried playing one of
the early hitman games and was kind of
soured on it never really went back
soured on it
I don't remember which one it was it was
you know probably a bad console port or
something yeah you know I remember
liking it quite a bit my problem was at
the time my computer was shit it took
literally half an hour for the level the
load every time you fucking died or
ready to restart
that's another fucking half an hour sure
sure see look at this
look at this room I gotta jump across
these these things and there's spy Keys
I'm sorry I'm very fucking sorry no I'm
saying it's cool like we got to do some
interesting shit here oh fuck fuck
you're doing great job first of all I'm
fucking you're fucking killing it first
of all I'm doing great but second of all
like is this is a neat room to come
across motherfucker
fuck fuck oh fuck that really killed me
so you're you're a witch done a warlock
or can you pick I've unlocked three so
far oh you have different characters
yeah I'll show ya I'll show you after I
continue yeah and see you unlock powers
that you can randomly get okay at you
know by just by playing like okay oh now
you get these are like things when you
upgrade you can hit these now neat you
know that's that's a standard in rogue
like this whole like easing out the
difficulty curve by giving you tiny
little rewards as you as you die
so here we'll play a new game so you can
either be agro who's kind of a main
apprentice normal Corina who is female
main apprentice and I just recently
unlocked crass look at this guy he's
awesome very powerful wand smaller mana
pool for the other magic disciplines and
then you know as you do things you
unlock more characters look up we won't
give crash a try very powerful wand
skills plink eddo coming back I almost
certainly at some point there's no rush
GOG it's cool man
hey I got this off of Humble Bundle
there's an on GOG oh could be could be
uh-oh no and you know this came actually
like you can get this off of if the
Humble Bundle is still going and I don't
remember if we saw if this was still
going well you can just download the
game like it doesn't need to even be
gone you can just download it from
Humble I took the steam key because
that's how I prefer playing games but do
you collect anything fat Oh doctor
uh two used to cut comics wait wait I
thought you're back in you out
are you ryote I don't collect them
anymore I just I just read them and I do
digital now okay I love fucking digital
comics I get back out oh no man it's
it's getting good I'm in it I'm super in
it miss Martin is Marvel's doing some
fun stuff man it's not it's not your
normal type of collecting but my god I
have a minor wig hats you do that's less
I go out to acquire them it's more I'm
at a stadium i buy that team's hat yeah
I don't I like to get to different
stadiums but like you've never taken a
road trip specifically to get not just
to get the half night but to see a team
sure like is that part of the plan like
hey let's let's do a road trip to
fucking Kentucky well go will visit some
minor league teams in fucking Kentucky
and get some hats first of all that just
sounds like an awesome idea I've been
near near the bottom and near near
Kentucky okay I go to a game all right
thing the eddy otters are somewhere
south of India has gotta be near
Kentucky that's near Kentucky the
Evansville honors okay a historic bossy
field where they shot part of a league
of their own the country's second oldest
ballpark and all of the advertisements
just talk about the field they don't
give a shit about the actual team that
plays there's come see you start bossy
field Geena Davis was here having
slaughters our playing it's a stark
bossy field the second oldest ball back
of the country and you can see the
Evansville mothers beautiful ballpark
fucking beautiful it's weird to see a
ballpark made entirely out of fucking
wood oh sure this is just fucking wooden
beams everywhere at a fucking Cathedral
it's worth going if you are a baseball
fan or or an architecture fan I suppose
yep
I got goo guy wait wait wait wait
okay well great great honey's I have to
go see them I believe there's some kind
of wood bad League team in that Racine
or Kenosha now like it's Kenosha I gotta
get out to see them did I tell you I
found out the name of the of the
old-timey oh what's that
it's they're just called the cream
cities where they were I know they're
they're a are a Milwaukee old-timey
baseball group and they're just called
the Milwaukee Cream City they're
probably playing about nothing right
probably Louis yeah that's obviously a
secret again obviously just a big old
crack in the wall that's great great
Michael Cody C aces hey Jack and rich hi
I had a dream a week ago where rich was
a manager in my office building I had no
idea if this was secretly a nightmare
great to see lunch on best of the worst
you had a great week you too thank you
very much that episode turned out just
fine I'll tell you one great episode
it's a great episode I enjoyed it I
enjoyed it a lot
all that heckling we game Jacqueline
that fucking roasting we gave that man
mm-hmm and he comes back and he walks
away we say something about his hair
that's what did it
he's great you know that's how you
handle criticism what Len oh yeah
no he takes it all in stride and you
know he accepted constructive Chris he
really did I'll say this weird we
watched angel of reckoning we did
recently I'm not gonna get a full review
I will say this he's improved a lot
technically oh my god that meant like
technically that man has come so far oh
his shot composition was off the chain
it was great like it looked like he was
actually trying to shoot stuff it was
great
it was great I mean it was still one
movie but it was great it's because
instead of getting pissy and upset he
took in this really harsh criticism yeah
and you know like someone easily could
have just been like listen you don't
understand how I like I got to make
movies and I got to make him on a budget
instead of making excuses he looked
inside and said you know what maybe I
could do a little better maybe I will
good old Len he's the greatest he's the
greatest cuz he could he and like Len
could also very easily kick our asses
just all the time up and down right and
he doesn't good guy what happened to
your resolution I if you see up at the
top there uh-huh it says nostalgia big
hug pixels some rooms have
gimmicks area I have a danger gimmicks
okay
okay and now that I have beaten the
enemy my danger gimmick is gone
should I watch a league of their own
it's pretty good film how do you feel
about schmaltz if you are ok with
schmaltz then heck yeah watch it it's
not Big Trouble in Little China ah
that's it no upgrade available
I am Chester sis
hello I was recently skimming the
YouTube statistics website social blade
and looked up our elem according to
their projections in four years rlm will
have 1 million subscribers so how about
that meat need thanks a lot
lack of regular content oh-whee quality
cut here here's what here's here says
here's how this breaks down jack here's
how this breaks down this gist I no no
no no I mean I do want to make a point
yeah oh yeah I got huh how long is a
frickin best of the worst episode oh
yeah I mean how long is a half-hour the
bag episode we don't we don't release
like 10-minute videos like three times a
day right you know once a day right
right well you you but you get about as
much video it's just in longer oh sure
beautiful chunks
no there's there are back story there
there are those like there there are
YouTube rules that say hey like you want
to grow your channel you follow the
YouTube rules and Ireland doesn't follow
any uh for example uh cross what do you
call that cross promotion
yeah like rlm goes to then does this
show and then that should this show
appears on an are LM show a and they
then they can cross over fanbases that's
how you grow an audience but but uh
I can say that Mike and J just don't
necessarily care about that and that's
an okay thing they could do whatever
they want
oh look I love the length of best of the
worst I'm just saying if you look at how
much content you get per month it's is
the same as you know if we had released
a two-minute video every day of the
month
oh yeah easily no and it's it is quality
and it's a small team you know there
there might be some ways to like squeak
out some more content but would it be
worth it in the long run man probably
not you know it's also not our call oh
fuck look at that see that my finger
feel like white spot yeah I burnt myself
today how'd you burn yourself I was I
was making I was making some goddamn
chicken nuggets for the little bastards
there's one of the few things that leads
and I couldn't find out my normal hot
pad to take them out of the oven and so
like I have this tiny little hot pad
that I like I never use because it
doesn't cover all of your hand you know
like it's an inefficient hot pad but I
got to get the chicken nuggets out of
the goddamn oven or else those little
jerks will flip the fuck out so I grab
the little hot pad that doesn't cover
all my hand and I burn my fucking finger
so they get chicken nuggets because the
one won't eat anything except for
chicken nuggets and bread is that fair
to the other one no I'll make other for
like today was just chicken nugget day
because like that's what I felt like
make him no no like very often I'll just
make like we we just what if he wants a
fucking hot dog with cheese who though I
I don't remember which one is the picky
eater oh uh no I like well like I make
hot dogs all the time like hot dogs for
dinner cuz the other one will eat hot
dogs oh he will yeah okay and but you
know then just the other one was that so
no it's just whatever I feel like maybe
I'm a cheese not like a cheese man I
want a cheeseburger nope
one eats hamburgers
yeah like we do all sorts of different
food there's no I just know what a super
picky yeah it's true and that's probably
not fair to the one who's not super
picky if he wants other things he wants
cheese no we don't we don't cater the
meals okay mm to eater is if that's the
question we do not cater the meals
okay picky eaters we just kind of make
what we know what we want a lot of times
we'll just add something that we know
the picky eater will eat you know what
pretzels like okay yeah well you know
like today today dinner was chicken
nuggets pretzels and apple slices like
woof holy holy shit right and I burnt my
goddamn finger where am I going
burnt my goddamn finger on the oven
obviously I'm also trying to be a little
hyperbolic and comedic when I call my
children bastards and assholes
I love the parents fine just just for
anyone who's new to the streamer doesn't
like his game how is this guy again oh
you know speaking of kids yeah and the
fact that I was at the zoo today oh yeah
what the fuck is up with strollers
when did strollers have to become so
huge oh yeah I was walking around with
these fucking triple wide strollers and
they don't even have a fucking kid in it
kids doing lord knows what they're
taking up space you can't get around
them the some woman there was some woman
standing in the fucking doorway we
couldn't get around her she had a
fucking stroller with a fucking like a
back trailer full like toys attached to
it takes her kids to the zoo and their
stroller has an attachment filled with
toys that is blocking the goddamn exit
to the building you know what else I'm
sure he's on that stroller like a solar
panel so they can also charge all their
tablets like a tiny little TV screen
with a DVD player but the kids not
watching that he's playing on the iPhone
I wanted to kick that fucking thing over
I would not I would not recommend that
by the way
if it wouldn't have bear embarrass Karen
I may have kicked that thing over oh my
um yeah strollers are nuts strollers are
absolutely nuts and you know what that I
mean were they new parents did you see
what their kids how old their kids were
didn't pay that much attention to that
I'm just like why is this thing in my
way
why is that why is that stroller so huge
oh okay so it's like by the way this is
part of the learning curve of parenting
you have your first kid you get the
biggest role you can cuz you're like oh
I'm gonna need so much shit oh I got a
hit pack my diapers I gotta pack this
thing of it because you just don't know
any better right huh you don't know that
that kids not gonna want to sit in the
stroller and you just have to carry
around this giant ass clunky stroller
once you start having like you're once
you get to your second kid you're like
the smallest lightest stroller I can I
can come across so there are probably
new parents they were probably very new
parents who just didn't know any better
which is a very common thing every every
set of new parents I've ever come across
gets the most luxurious stroller on the
market and then their kid doesn't use it
hates it
poops all over it pukes all over it and
everyone regrets it and then and then
they buy like the ten dollar foldable
umbrella stroller that you can get at
Walmart and and you use it all the time
so new parents fucking yeah fucking
casual parents fucking noobs Oh pay for
the gun upgrade I get it noob that's
just so it's a learning curve it's a
learning curve
this side of its lupus is when I was in
high school in Northern Illinois I took
a class field trip to be Canaveral and
the National University of Health
Sciences so we saw a shit-ton of dead
bodies it was awesome
hahaha and that cadaver laboratories the
thing to do apparently those corpse
farms or body farms heard of those so
they can teach like cops and detectives
how to do forensic stuff well they like
you know you find a dead body in the
woods yeah they have a section of the
woods that they will like seed with
bodies just lovely you know people could
study how they decomposed body farms
that's good that's nice yeah sure Bonnie
it's been buried for two weeks under
here so here's how we continue can tell
this letter for two weeks
oh I mean the smart yeah super hard kind
of creepy you don't want anyone to
accidentally walk into those woods hey
honey I found a great picnic spot I'm
sure they're fenced off oh right
okay skeletons
rewind shocks is rich have you played
stellar interface the side-scrolling 2d
space sure - roguelike with tons of
upgrades as bosses like binding Jack
have you ever watched dead mall videos f
my TL dead mall dead mall videos for one
the space thing I have not played them
for the mall thing yes I have
you've seen dead mall videos yeah I was
a dead mall video maybe I had it you
find it you find a closed mall it's been
closed for years you break in with a
camera and you film your little
adventure walking around the dead ball I
had a really surreal experience where I
saw one lately it was basically my mom
when I was a kid
this mall I grew up around I saw Santa
Claus every year there and now I'm
watching some jackass walk around with a
camera it's just really sad was recently
closed - so it wasn't it wasn't like all
covered in graffiti use it's like you
know I was like they shut down for the
night but parts of it had fallen apart
Oh weird like they left the plants let's
take a whole bunch of dead trees in
there Oh double weird yeah yeah
should I say what moment ah that's up to
you man
no no what's the potential downside of
that people knowing where you grew up at
a young one okay so no I'm gonna say
don't say them all about that already
someone's looking into all the dead mall
videos to cross-reference with rich
Evans there's a number of them worth it
worth it worth it what look chat I
haven't really talked about this much I
had one very creepy experience with a
fan and so yes I am reluctant to talk
about stuff like that as you should be
yeah it was creepy enough that I haven't
talked about it ha ha ha
so there you go
yeah that should tell you something
I should tell you something right there
yes it was creepier than being punched
in the face sorry I forgot about that I
forgot about that and that made me laugh
I don't mean to laugh at your misfortune
but I just did so you know what are you
gonna do stick move stick and move stick
and move stick and move
take down the harpy bitch boom-boom oh
why do you can kill that guy that's
awesome not kill that guy button you
know take down his thing - dentist thing
great great great dead Mull videos I
have never seen a dead mall video nor
have I heard of a dead mall video and
now I'm very curious no in fact I'm not
curious in dead mail videos I want to go
break into a dead mall that just sounds
like a lot of fun add somebody do a
series of video so I was like this dead
mole John wrong with Kmart but they went
there first like when they were closing
like the first week of their
going-out-of-business sale and then they
went near the end of their
going-out-of-business sale and then they
went like a week or two after they had
fully shut down they broke a beautiful
yeah oh it's the most depressing thing
ever people are it's so depressing no
they're making art man they're making
art out of death that's body works
Richard's body works they're making art
out of death
look someday I will talk about my bad
experience but it's going to take time
and distance yeah
this time it's lupus says rich as a
fellow White Sox fan I have to say I'm
excited for the future
they got Luis Robert a Cuban phenomenon
with a ton of talent and their trades
this offseason have been stellar your
thoughts ah my thoughts are you don't
actually hear much white sox news up in
wisconsin so i i don't know much about
what they've done the last couple years
I've heard they've made some moves I
know I know they're not doing terrible
this year but that doesn't mean much
baseball the baseball season is a
marathon not a sprint
teams that are doing okay early can be
at the bottom of the fucking division by
the end of the season right and vice
versa
by day
NSF wiki says did you guys play quake
back in the days wondering if you guys
be checking out quake champions I'm not
much of a multiplayer game room so I'm
not that looking forward to quake
champions I did love me some quake 2
though the single-player experience
I didn't play quake 1 that much because
when that actually came out my computer
wasn't capable of running quake 1 oh
that's sad that's sad rich yeah and I
didn't play much of the quakes because I
didn't have a computer when they came up
I would have played the shit out of
quake 1 yeah yeah with all of your doom
1 what I nosy would have
boom boom if I ever been to the Mall of
America no I have been to gurney mills
though which is also a big fucking mall
I've here it's not I heard Green those
not doing that good
I hear it's turning into like a lot of
dollar stores girls oh I mean I believe
it yeah yeah I believe it I don't I
don't weep for the mall I don't I don't
think it means the death of American
commerce just means American commerce
changing yeah you're buying you're
buying shit online now are you you're
going to Walmart where everything isn't
overpriced right right you're gonna you
go to Walmart where they they they get
to bilk Chinese slave laborers
everything's not overpriced okay Oh
minimum wage is 720 you kind of need to
go to Walmart oh no I'm not saying I
don't go to Walmart I do go to Walmart I
just I try not to go to Walmart mostly
because it's Walmart but uh uh gurney
Mills is it different that's oh that's
like a like a mall complex that's not
even a mall that's like a strip mall
isn't it wasn't bush is it yeah I just
know it's the place they're really close
to Six Flags Great America
like I know what's that what's that kind
of like hunting nature sporting goods
store they got that's that's got it like
a just a giant artificial lake in it
with these huge fish swimming around oh
do they yeah me wonder what they're the
call
Gander Mountain Bass Pro Shop it could
have been it I don't really remember
Chett if I give you any details on the
creepy fan encounter that that kind of
defeats the purpose of my avoiding
talking about it
because it was kind of scary right right
get it together chat you know better get
it together all right
doing good that's what I'm missing
that's what I'm missing
