SuperBowl Punday... there will be no puns (Part 3)
February 5, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cd0QKRD6q4I

else for like an hour or so or are we
done or what's it going on how do you
feel yeah you want to I mean we have a
lot more tips we can chat for a little
bit yeah yeah sure sure
probably like here's my problem with
darkest dungeon yeah there's a fucking
lot to that game there's a lot of little
things and
you could play poorly while we chat III
think there's too much going on I think
I'll just do some Isaac all right that's
what I'm thinking all right I'm just
gonna do some Isaac which should be here
I was absolutely flabbergasted Marvel's
stole Barry Allen I think it's beautiful
nice memory New York oh yeah and my
games and and I'm enjoying darkest
dungeon the the part that I'm actually
not enjoying is the amount of upgrades
that you can do and you know like every
character has these like massive
upgrades and you know you have so many
characters and you can only take four
with you and so like party management is
a huge part of darkest dungeon and I'm
amazing to it but Christian broadcast it
takes so long just to get your party
ready for the mission that sometimes
that's all I can do is instead of
instead of like okay hey I'm just gonna
jump in go on a mission and and and come
back it's like I'll say okay what I can
do is jump in get my party ready for the
mission and I guess I'll pit I'll do the
mission later because it took an hour
just to get my party fuckin ready for
the mission something was getting better
at a time impossible no I think that's
just part of the game yeah it's just
actually hold on people
let me add change
the game here
and there
oh yeah
all right
yeah just Bo i voi : rebirth I don't
think this is at first but it might be I
don't know I forget hello nerds hello
corpse a lot welcome to the superb owl
stream
okay here you take that I'll take this
Oh can you get the game up on OBS
why isn't that nice probably still set
the XCOM oh you're right you're right oh
no no wait I'm here
yep I guess this is after birth
oh it's also a rebirth hey there we go
there we go I think I said the daily
challenge was pretty fun press X for
daily chant well you know what let's
let's just do a regular run first to get
mind get my Isaac legs warmed up here
how's the volume for everyone maybe down
a little bit so where'd you leave off at
the tips was the man that I counsel wise
when we did new yeah sure ma'am yeah
sure why not
Chris Cowan says Jack you were talking
hip hop hip hop every listener ever
listened to Ugly Duckling here's a taste
which I'm not gonna click on no because
we're streaming and put on great live
shows oh okay well I will I will check
that out another time Thank You Santa
gak says the cane run to start it off
with speaking of fanboy I liked abstract
Oh Tron plots it reminded me of earlier
prereq episodes like sonic most
overrated ever and Mario is better than
Call of Duty I would have called it why
sequels to I kind of games rape comedy
oh you know like that was one of the big
things of the episode is like how do you
handle a sequel in general which I like
I said I I don't know the problem is
necessarily being a sequel as much as is
you can't recreate that gimmick yeah
gimmick the gimmick the nature of that
particular gimmick is sequel poof yeah
especially with frog fractions yeah and
to be fair I don't think the beginners
guide was trying to be funny in any way
shape or form no it wasn't it was there
was that's that's why I kept giving it
such high praise is because he just
tried something really different
it was the creator of the
Stanley parable whining about how people
like the Stanley parable he wasn't
waiting and and he was jealous that they
tried to take the thing that he's so low
and profited from away from him oh no
it's so horrible to be successful you
know it's like Manistee in my art I got
Game of the Year awards do you know what
that's Mike uh I could never do anything
again no I don't think you I don't think
he was doing that I think I think he was
doing his best to explain where his head
was at I know that's how you saw it
did you read if you read into that game
did what you know what's going on yes I
could see you people like my game I
could see you coming to that conclusion
I don't necessarily agree with that
interpretation but you are free to have
your own thoughts and ideas
no I already posted a link to it in like
the comments a comic he drew after the
Stanley parable was big it was this
whole angsty thing about how he was
successful oh yeah yeah well is he
that's a different thing that's a
different thing Graham it's funny
snake in the garden says hi rich hi jack
hi thanks for you stream yeah would you
guys ever stream one of the old bullfrog
games bullfrog never heard them there
I'm GOG like themed Hospital or dungeon
keeper or a spiritual successor war for
the overworld I think I've heard of
themed hospital before Oh bulldog a
developer maybe some time shit we're
rocking this I would I wouldn't say
never
no immediate plans if you guys agreed on
everything prereq wouldn't be as fun I
agree I and you know what I I think that
was another thing that I really liked
about this particular episode was it was
another one where rich and I disagreed
and then then we can have a real
conversation instead of instead of just
like yeah yeah I'll say the same thing
you said but differently because we
agree oh bullfrog not bulldog yeah
whatever I haven't heard of it in any
case what hold on well frog what ooh
Molyneux whose company before he made
lionhead studios okay ooh Mullen you you
wacky Brit family strange the chat
saying enter the gungeon
took Isaac and removed all of the fun
parts and charm I agree I agree they who
wasn't someone in chat was saying like I
wouldn't say they removed all the charm
there is some charm to gun Jim but if
you're comparing Isaac charm to guns and
charm it's very different here's here's
where gungeon fails Isaac your your
power-ups I'll stack and mix in weird
and neat ways in Dungeon you replace one
gun for another yeah and they have
limited ammo yes it is not as fun well I
remember someone in chat was mentioning
like well since gungeon has replaced
Isaac as this kind of game and it's just
like wow are you wrong
Wow are you wrong well I guess I wanted
to do you know what replaced Isaac is
this kind of game fucking Isaac again
the blue blazes he didn't he didn't he
didn't clear his throat I just did that
the blue blaze says my last tip for
today has there ever been a game or a
game series with the biggest problem
with it wasn't fan base also would you
say Metal Gear you know is a word that's
lost all meaning from overuse edgy lost
most of its meaning yes as far as game
with the fanbase is the problem Metal
Gear Metal Gear probably Metal Gear the
others the the Dark Souls fanbase were
there from software fanbase need to dial
it down a notch you are the reason that
these games aren't as huge as they
should because and I'm part of that like
I love those games or blood-borne at
least very much so and I get the Dark
Soul series now but the fanbase is a
little over-the-top little over-the-top
hold on I want to see what this guy does
he's cheating not cheating I'm looking
at old me that the joy of these kind of
roguelike games and seeing little icon
not doing knowing what they do with the
joys the discovery of what they do yeah
sometimes I remember that I distinctly
remember having that conversation risk
of rain
yeah but risk of rain that's the point
yeah but risk brain tells you what it
does in the in the menu hold on
when used the d7 will restart the
current room and bring back all enemies
once again enabling you to farm rewards
that spawn at the end after beating the
room can be used to generate infinite
consumable company okay alright I'll go
to shot
here's yet Call of Duty fanbase
I know don't they just kind of play call
of duty well that's the problem right
they keep playing call of duty like and
that's their right they don't like
anything else it's not my business it's
like the Transformers movies fanbase are
why we still have Transformers movies so
yeah that could be a problem we have a
problem with any fanbase I'm just we're
just answering the question yeah like I
don't have any specific problems with
any favors except for maybe the from
software fans cuz like sometimes they're
just a little obnoxious fans of games
are only annoying when they won't stop
proselytizing to you why don't you play
the thing I like and like it as much as
I do which most people don't have a
problem don't have that experience but I
do yeah the show and some people want us
to play the games a baby play right
that's the only time it's really
annoying right otherwise I don't give a
shit what you like if you're hanging out
in the undertale forums and you won't
shut up a lot undertale that's what the
undertale forums are for you know yeah
jack is there a reason you're puttin all
the fires out yeah every sometimes the
fires will have random drops treasure
drops like coins or hearts and there's
no and there's no real reason to keep
them around except for sometimes enemies
can hurt themselves but you can also
hurt yourselves on fire on fire so it's
usually good to put out the fires and I
see these piles of poop right here also
good to check the piles of poop because
sometimes they drop a random items not
often but sometimes and you can get
certain items that
make them drop random items more
frequently the petrified poop being one
of them yeah I guess my coins let's see
what's in here
what a sad shop that's right this save I
don't have any money in the shop
I'm very sorry wait you can save money
in the shop between villas you can't say
huh you know what I'll just show you
okay so over here is the donation
machine you can put money in here yeah
like that and it doesn't save between
the only way to get money out of this is
by using a bomb yeah but then it could
also break it but the more money you put
in here the more items are available in
the shop so like once you hit a hundred
items in the donation bin instead of
just two items in the shop there's like
four okay and so on and so forth so
there's the money in the donation bin
carries over yes that carries over from
game to game okay but it will only
accept so many donations at a time does
that result when you blow it up no just
taking you know like it'll take out a
random number of coins like five okay
and then you won't have those five coins
next anybody in the Dornish machine
if I get one of these fires to drop
something so I can show you that thing
it really does do something nope nope
I'm just gonna be a weirdo is talking
about fires I wanna see if as d7 works
on boss rooms cuz then I could get you
mind your criticisms of undertale
because I enjoyed watching two people
discover the game and laugh at the
lowbrow humor yeah never having that
many criticisms of it it's not that I
remember
what I don't think you criticize it Anu
I was just like not super into it yeah I
did like doing the voices you know I'm
like that was fun then you know the
humor was fun it I just wasn't super
into it like like people are people are
super into it yep yep yep doing it doing
it blah great wait
say say transubstantiation
transubstantiation there you go there
you go great that's a great job rich you
did a really good job saying that word
talking about me not being able to say
bravado what did you keep calling it
bravado whatever whatever you kept
calling it it's just it's it's pavada
bravado rich it's bravado why is
vanquish the perfect game rich
fast-paced yet lots of movement lots of
action I like I like running and gunning
and and vanish wants you to move all
over the fucking place and that's it
behind cover it's it's it's got fun
weapons to shoot ok that's important
it's got some novel weapons shoot
gimmicky things that could be fun sure
the saw blade that can decapitate
enemies so it keeps it varied up it
keeps it interesting the lots of very
very enemies maybe not as much as you
getting like doom but you're not just
shooting at guys in grey outfits
important very important fun boss
battles vanquish has the most fun boss
battle I've ever had and shooter oh
really yeah
that's pretty high praise and arguably
my favorite shotgun in videogames really
yeah that's very high praise it's not
one of the week like poof shotguns then
you need to be standing like Point Blank
for it to do any kind of noticeable
damage no no uh vanquishes shotgun will
decimate a weak enemy from mid range
mm-hmm and the very least that's what
you want out of a shotgun yeah and it
has a great stagger on larger opponents
and if you blind fire it you don't quite
get a centered shot it still has a great
knock back unlike the weak opponents
it's like one of the little robots is
jumping at you in the air and yeah you
can just hit the blind fire on the
shotgun it'll go flying back and it's
very fun but logical flying back alright
that's fair these are all great reasons
to like a game good weapons varied
enemies varied weapons enough where you
can feel like the game is doing
something different yeah yes doom is a
very iconic shotgun there's up that is
up there in the discussion better perish
yes but both the stagger and the knocked
back you get out of the Vanquish shotgun
are very very satisfying these also seem
like great reasons to play vanquish if
only someone would bring it to pc god
damn it glorious day for me let's hope
let's hope that a Nier automata as well
right cuz that's the vanquish people but
vanquish has a stupid story well I'm
glad you've got your priorities straight
maybe you've never heard rich talk about
the difference between gameplay and
story before vague wishes story you know
it's perfectly adequate for an action
game ok
but rich in case in case someone like
that person is not very clear unless
they were being funny they're probably
being funny which do you think is more
important in a game probably probably
the game yeah I'm not anti story right a
good story or at least an you know a
story I can only help a game but you
need you need the game for it to help
yeah I'll bring up yours it's not
necessarily like the plot but like the
characters in the acting like John
DiMaggio yeah as Marcus Fenix yeah makes
you like Marcus Fenix absolutely yeah
colorful characters that you can kind of
like meatsack yeah carmen is always fun
so you got some fun characters mm-hmm
and it is noticeable how much they add
to Gears of War when you play Gears of
War 4 and you're stuck with Nathan flake
and his is politically correct yet no
personality crew of friends the rainbow
coalition of friends the rainbow
coalition of mannequins of American
Eagle models yes your gears for I think
is is a textbook example of what some
kind of storytelling elements can add to
your game that already works
is when you compact just comparing the
earlier here's games to four oh man
gameplays pretty much the same robot
enemies up the robot enemies suck Oh
once you get to the locust it's still
less exciting I think that's because I
don't give a shit about any other
characters
the gameplay is similar I I feel like
and you know going back and playing the
first years for the review there is a
huge difficulty difference in in Gears
for only the original years you left a
pill in the large room we'll check that
out what is that do I want that
let's randomize it I want that I will
see what that is HP up I'll take HP up
I'm okay with HP almost never do
anything sensible someday it probably
won't be any day soon but someday they
will successfully emulate the ps3 and on
that day vanquish will be on the PC or
like we said what we can hope is that a
game by this developer does really well
and then they're looking for a cheap
cash in while they're making the next
game and hey we got this we got this
vanquish game maybe we could release
that for the PC is because we're popular
right now we can hope emulated it might
not have the most support you would like
but it might be a way to hack it in
there
please mute game music I turn it down
I'm not gonna mute it if everything it's
too loud I'm not gonna mute it like the
game music part of the fun of playing
the game man you really like vanquish
huh yeah it's one of my favorite
shooters and that's despite the fact
that you have to play it with a
controller which coming from me that
speaks volumes yeah
I'll typically I'll typically refuse to
play a shooter if I have to use a
controller typically
the only reason I gave vague was your
shot was because the videos look so fun
hmm I'm down with that
I'm down with that the tech that goes
into the steam controlers Mouse like
joystick is pretty good and could easily
translate better emulations with most
controls
the state look steam controller ain't
got nothing on the mouse ain't got
nothing
the problem is the thumb we we did a
whole episode on this obviously they did
not watch it I'm saying so many muscles
arm wrist fingers goes into using the
mouse so much fine control and yet you
can do the big broad strokes the even
with the steams controller you just got
the thumb yep the the you need you need
to be able to do the turn and flick how
fast can you look around and then oh no
I'm saying that's why you need them out
you mean so you cuz you need to do the
Turner flick what you can't do with your
thumb I just talked about fucking for
quick on your hands oh no it just
doesn't work the same like how the the
question is how fast can you can you
look around and get back to where you
are looking went using anything but a
mouse and it's just not same just not
the same move a jump just not the same
yeah rich rich had a really good part in
that steam controller or like talking
about the fine motor control large
movements fine movements and then you
got you got this which you know evolves
so we could grab a stick essentially a
clamp
it's a clamp exactly we're horrible
monkeys apt Harlequins this make which
is so good it could have a dedicated
button for smoking and that has gameplay
implications it's true it's what there's
a button when your your mask will come
up and you'll pull out a cigarette
what and then it has game playing
implications because once you throw the
cigarette away uh-huh the heat sensors
in the enemy robots they target the
cigarette and not you oh that's funny
that's great yeah yeah
that's great so if you're behind cover
not that you're behind cover often in
vanquish like you have locking boots use
them right but if you warp behind cover
and pinned down by a lot of fire you'd
light up a cigarette toss it away get
out of them
don't do oh shit oh shit her tree
fucker says what I have I had to leave
for a bit so sorry if you already read
my earlier tip but I wanted to recommend
soon 5 complete addition to rich I think
it would enjoy also hello fuck my cock I
know I keep hearing about the serve like
I said 9,000 games games and you haven't
played any of the same games right hey I
haven't I didn't I don't know because I
love XCOM everyone thinks I'm like a
lifelong turn-based strategy guru yeah
it's like I didn't really get into that
kind of thing until in the last seven
years or so I you know what in case
people haven't heard your story of how
you got into X comma is a great story
yeah III got into X come very late in
the game I don't never what year was
about seven years ago like the last
ex-con would come out in like 93 and
then the fans the classic a classic XF a
they've been there was a 90s they hadn't
made a new XCOM in a long long ass time
and the ex come fans which I wasn't one
gap where you know we're hoping for a
new ex-con someday yeah and then one a
three they announced a new ex-con game
and they they'd turn it into a
first-person shooter and there was a lot
of outrage amongst XCOM fans mmm-hmm
and I remember watching that and it's
sympathizing with them I can't cuz that
kind of sucks I was like you know what
maybe I should give X kind of shot
everyone seems really upset that they've
ruined X comma what's all what's all
this fuss about it's all this fuss about
yeah I tracked down a copy of X calm and
I'm like oh this is really fucking
caught of classic exit yeah yeah alright
then like two or three years after that
possibly because of the backlash against
the first-person shooter one they came
up out with
XCOM enemy unknown which is what you've
seen be playing like constantly yeah
yeah that's I think that's a fantastic
story fan outraged caught caused you to
turn into a convert yep into it into an
acolyte proselytizing for XCOM look I
can I can sympathize I know if they
announce the new tie fire or in a plate
like Rogue Squadron I'd be pissed
they almost turned thief into a third
person game with thief three once
Looking Glass Studios one under mm-hmm
which will be telling that story to his
grandchildren I was asked to tell it I
think it's a great story it's it's it's
interesting just because let you know
for as long as I've known you you've
you've been an ex kamar you know and so
it's like just to know that you came
into X comma late in the game because of
the outrage over this this game yeah I
think I think it's I think it's neat and
I think it's interesting how you come to
to the things you love isn't is
interesting to me ya know if I ever
watch the Dead Rising video I need a
link to it I need a link to it
messages or something and it's like you
probably tweeted it to me but that that
doesn't mean oh good we get a lot of
tweets and then they they go then they
go away so email prereq at red letter
media dot come that's the best way if
you want like rich to see something okay
because if you tweet it it'll get lost
in the Twitter feed and then you know
does then it does rich no good
I knew did i play / like explain
alliance yes that the ending sucks the
endings are not ending the ending wanted
DLC to be added to it no the ending
explained Alliance wanted an expansion
pack that was never made
oh yeah that was the impression I got
Donna barn
but rich fix the ceiling sprinkler on
cam for one I was just an apprentice I'd
only been doing like two years okay
before the economy tanked yeah I
anybody who's confused right now I used
to very briefly I was a fire or
sprinkler ah installations and repairs
on fire sprinkler systems before the
economy tanked yep yep and there's so
much water pressure
oh yeah I believe it so pounds of
pressure it's a lot and you would have
to like shut off the water to the entire
system and drain it which would take a
while and you'd have to just remember
how to do it yeah I mean it's been you
know decade at this point I yeah that is
complete and utter bullshit one it's
completely under bullshit really yeah
what happens that's mechanical oh
there's a little glass thing in there
yeah solder the fluid and then when that
fluid gets heated up the water expands
and the glass breaks and then the water
and come out yeah but it's just that
individual sprinkler oh I didn't know
it's not like there's an electrical
thing and they all go off injure all
mechanical oh I like that like knowing
that
I like knowing that that's great ever
since I had that job I can't watch a
movie worth all of the spec was go off
oh no it's not how it works at home
because you could have a small fire and
you can fuck up like so much water
damage in your entire building if they
did that oh yeah yeah for like a garbage
fire and plus the area you know you'd
probably lose so much water so fast at
the area that actually needs it's not a
little bit of water like it's well it
has to yeah that's the idea yeah but
like you know when you see in the movie
they were just like a hold was coming on
no I think this is important for people
to know right you're doing important
work here
you actually might see one more
everything goes off the same building
but you will only see a system like that
I'll be installed and like a highly
flammable paper Factory you're not gonna
see that ever in an office building sure
sure for somebody in the chances but
they believe
oh no and it's like there's probably
some systems where like you can set off
all the sprinklers from one location but
it won't you're saying it won't be just
like the the lighter on the thing like a
control panel where you can tell the
sprinklers go off either it's mechanical
there's not like a do you think that
there are completely different
I like electrical systems there will be
no reason to install one in like an
office building yeah like I said if you
if you're if you're running like a paper
mill where the whole thing can go up in
like a minute sure then maybe then yes I
never worked on something like that but
it's like I suppose you you you could
pay for an expensive system where
there's an entirely different type of
sprinkler head they don't normally use
electronic way to do it and it would
cost a million dollars would be
completely pointless yeah that's what I
get that's what I'm wondering can you do
it I don't care if it's practical I
don't I don't I don't know that you
would okay that's fair like I said
there's no wiring to it it's just um
it's a sprinkler head with a glass bulb
right right that's the efficient way to
do it and a little wider
probably not gonna be enough for me you
don't think well not not not we're it's
only up there for like a second sure
sure I'm with you I'm with here that
edited fir edited for time I never I
never did that experiment but I don't
imagine that would work that he's you
know what you don't you only one do know
this is mechanical like instead of doing
the lighter and maybe you wait like 50
minutes for it to get hot enough yeah
just take a fucking hammer and
that would do it he's gotta break the
glass sure sure
you could you could throw something at a
fire sprinkler and you would risk
setting it off could you get in and then
the alarm is gonna go off once the water
pressure starts dropping as an
experiment can you just buy the
sprinkler head with the with the with
the tip like I just I wonder how long it
would take with a lighter I'm not sure
how much they cost you probably probably
good I would I would be interested in
knowing if like you know one of those uh
two myth bust how long it would take to
heat that up with a lighter well there's
different sensitivities oh this is
fascinating range and I'm not joking
yeah yeah there's like different
temperatures they go off at sure okay so
then we need to find what the average
off yeah or you know I think I think
this is most seen in like high school
you know boner comedies right when you
want to get all the girls t-shirts wet
well yeah in one room but you're not
gonna be able to do it the whole
building but I'm saying yeah
and then the fire department's gonna
show up never mad right and then I'll
put all the girls t-shirts away and you
did it or you got out of test or
whatever right so like this is this is
what we need to do is what what do it
what the what's the sensitivity that the
average high school has I think I think
the major lesson though is if you're
ever in an action movie yeah and you
need to set off a fire alarm to alert
the authorities
yeah to the terrorists that have
infiltrated your building okay don't use
a lighter hit it with something I like
it
I like it because hitting it with a
hammer will do the same thing quicker
much quicker yeah
Porky's yeah I'm sure that I'm sure that
happened in Porky's the the use the use
the sprinkler hose to get all the get
all the girls shirts wet yeah
that's classic Porky's okay
mokey be 85 hi wreckers hey mokey
now that mokey died and reset the time
loom like an edge of tomorrow you can
turn him into a mech trooper when you
reach that point in the game thanks
kosher for gory that's you know what
that that would be very edge if you
still haven't seen edge of tomorrow and
that's what I want to see yeah here's
the thing mokey
the thing with mech troopers is you're
best off using them on a soldier who's
leveled a little bit rather than on a
lower rank recruit the mechs don't get
as many stat increases like they're
aiming goes up very little okay okay
okay like let's I'm gonna pull the
numbers out of my ass great your support
gets like plus 2 or 3 aim every time
they level up connect troopers gonna get
like +1 oh ok ok so you want you want
your whoever you're gonna choose to be
my trooper you want already to be big
mokey you know what just just to be nice
to mokey I'll do it but do you want me
to do you want me to try and level you
up a bit first or do you want to just be
made straight away into a mech room as
soon as possible I think he was saying
III assumed the the spirit of with that
was when I'm leveled up turned me into a
a metroburg well if your way to a
colonel it could be a long way that
could be a very long way I'm with you
I'm with you
colonel snipers make the best mechs they
do their fucking walking death is that
true it's like having a sniper with
mobility ooh
and a fucking giant Gauss cannon with
high aim it's a fucking great that's
that's it sounds great I don't
understand exactly what that means but
it sounds great so you don't snipers in
games good aim nice fast kind of weak
yeah usually hang hang in the back give
him they turn a sniper into a fucking
cyborg man and you get that great aim
but you have a character that is fast
run around the map that optionally has
like a giant fish that would punch
things through walls all right I'm with
you I understand what's happening here
after they hear my thoughts and the XCOM
2 DLC I even I'm gonna get I'm know I'm
gonna get around to it eventually but I
was kind of holding off playing XCOM 2
until all the DLC was out and it is out
now oh okay great
so I actually haven't seen any of the
deal see yet well I know you were you
were working on your no deathrun 4x come
one and now you have this ex-con one
save which you know was all about
streaming one whole game of ex-con which
you've never done itself yeah so you had
some you've had some hurdles it's a pass
ball playing I've come on the stream
that's not gonna be a hurdle at home
I was the notice the deathless classic
run which I pulled off but I got a minor
hankering for some deus ex human
revolution now oh okay
sure sure but that who's calling you
we're working what's going on what's
going on
whose car is he oh yeah I'm live on
stream what's going on yeah yeah we says
that's fine we're streaming early his
Super Bowl what's going on news
huh yeah I'll probably will probably be
done relatively shortly and I'm very
hungry I've not eaten yet
let me call you when we're done I'm not
sure yet oh yeah you head in here
oh yo you're still in grenade
it's walking away from the cameras he
was I think that phone conversation
lasted a little longer than he was
expecting so anyway what's going on with
you guys I don't know if you've noticed
but uh my playthrough of Isaac is going
great I got the the the brimstone and
the cat head which means I'm basically
an unstoppable murder machine which you
know which is great no more bumps why
they have more bumps so you know I'm
pretty happy with being an unstoppable
murder machine and we're obably gonna
beat Satan because you know I don't see
why I wouldn't I guess we'll find out
soon because here Satan got good health
got good damage unstoppable murder
machine one thing about that is I do
want to I want to save my cat head
explosion for when Satan actually comes
down to do some real damage
yeah I've made it to Satan first you
fight the little guy here Satan version
1 yeah so now here comes Satan number 2
now I can use this and just boom
insta-kill
boom and I did it that's a great run
that's a great that's a great run
alright let's check out this daily
challenge I here with daily challenge is
good and then we'll be done I do the
data challenging then we're gonna be
done 5 o'clock
almost almost super bowel time oh also
uh red comet rising maybe we should end
it now best of the worst is up we're
about to I think we're about to lose 95%
of our audience think we're done hey
guys go watch the new best of the worst
I'm gonna you know what I'm gonna go
home and watch the new best of the horse
yeah that it was a really weird that was
a really weird one to be in I'll tell
you what new bets are the worst is up go
wrap it up wrap it up we're wrapping it
let's uh I'm going I'm sorry I unlocked
a bunch of stuff and then we're gonna
thank subscribers that you get best the
worst be over just in time for the Super
Bowl
perfect perfect oh my god this is great
this groove a great night let's head
let's thank all the people who subscribe
to us during oh also we should catch up
on the chip some chips
we need the chips you got the bleep so
you got the sweeps and you got the
creep
come on boom boom boom even though I
know the behind the scenes even though I
know the behind the scenes reason for
the scene I've seen the movie 400 times
Indiana Jones shooting the swordsman
elicits a hearty belly laugh to me every
time lol great my whip yeah it's a great
scene you know what that's a classic I
know moment from Harrison Ford where he
like as an actor he made a decision and
I know it was a more of a joke with the
Indiana Jones gun scene but character
wise it works so great so great pulling
pragma brains is dec finally watch
episode 10 of West Ward my spoiler free
comment is dr. Ford's
the old modem can eat my ass love the
series overall but that was crap your
take keep up the great work guys to try
to be spoiler free I get it I guess I
saw it coming I saw it coming
well as kind of the obvious he'll turn
but I don't know so I I'm liking where
it's going still think it's a good show
Kenzie says I had some young Simon more
cyborg named ace food woman at every
base but once ladies glanced at his
special enhancement they vanished with
nary a trace why you need to play Alpha
Centauri okay okay Nana says been
thinking about what you said about video
game documentaries since your episode
wouldn't it be great to play through a
Deb's documentary getting to play games
and their various iterations yes
imagine a doc on Eid where you play
through the various iterations of doom
seeing their thought processes firsthand
and experiencing the things that led
them to making the decisions they did
exactly wouldn't that be amazing like
playing playing through a game with like
oh here's like the temp art we put on it
just to get an idea for the gameplay is
like oh I would love to do that here
oh god I'm drawing a blank on his name
one of the guys there before he left
like when when they thought Doom was
gonna be a bit more narrative like he
made some layouts that were supposed to
be like realistic military he made like
a whole bunch of shit they didn't use
yeah let's play through that wouldn't it
be great yeah Interactive documentaries
make it happen world and it goes on to
say anyone listening don't you steal my
damn idea I think maybe I shouldn't have
tipped anonymous anonymously to hundreds
of yours oh well make that doc yes we
know with the new plink arrow episode is
up we're getting through this so we can
all go watch best to the worst this time
is Loomis's hey rich and Jack oh boy
penny party gets good this is why you
play more than four hours rich looking
forward to you setting the plink ghetto
board on fire and the new best source
LOL come on baby light my fire come on
baby laughs that's it caught up okay now
is the point in which we thank all the
subscribe to a stirring the stream thank
us again everyone for coming out during
our early euro friendly stream yes we
know the new best of the worse is up
we're gonna get through this I think
they're watching it they're watching it
in stream already my god
settle down everyone o'clock work Stalin
has subscribed to us for 27 fucking
months in a row thank you a clockwork
Stalin solo 56 7 13 months in a row this
subscription is now a teenager it's
going to start getting pimples and
having a mattress opinions it's fish bus
for 25 fucking months in a row fuck
Umberto cabbage patch 25 fucking months
and roses happy Superbowl Sunday
everyone ah pair of paradigms captain
Captain James Bay says six months as a
subscriber and I get to watch you play
panty party
what a wonderful early birthday present
8 of 10 thank you for all the laps spend
pet game maniac double o1 the real they
on for 15 months in a row says oh god
we're playing this I assume you're
talking about panty party and yeah we
did thanks for joining us
clone 27 27 says still waiting for Jesus
Christ shut up already Knights of the
Old Republic know the real neck boy says
check out the money path podcast ok my
stupid plug is over snake in the garden
18 months in a row says can't wait to
hear the story when jack submits his tax
returns to his accountant and he has to
explain penny party as a business
expense thanks guys for the ustream love
from Ireland that might be the point
where my accountant goes ok wait what do
you do for a living again and then I'll
have to show him the stream and and and
it's it'll be that look I always get
when I tell people what I do in just
like fine you know whatever I'm am mr.
Alex Reynolds says I subscribed to share
this panty based pain
it hurts it hurts bad crooked spiral
says oh the shame so much in what we do
to entertain y'all
that's for fraud tastic months leftover
beefcake 27 fucking months neurosis I
want to thank prereq for broadening my
horizons and making me a more cultured
person than I was yesterday also panties
move party time
thanks beefcake the real Kramer tip the
real camera type says prerecrich Paulo
juice
FUS phu SI did did us Lucy did his nuts
Suzie dudes nuts Lucy Diddy's nuts I'm
saying Lucy dudes nuts di des dydz nuts
sure Lucy dad's nuts whoo she died yeah
we gotta watch the work great it's my
thing van Duren heliosphere 1969 says
thanks for all the streams lol fuck my
cock and it's just like Helldivers mix
argh
comrade question hens brush 16 months in
a row says probably won't make it at the
end of the stream today but I trust you
to say something nice
Thank You Kim's approach sucess dee dee
our storm
huggy snuggle 19 months in a row Oh
bother
21 fucking months in a row says I'm
feeling fat and sassy Jay kiddo eight
seventeen months a neurosis thanks for a
good 17 months enjoy another five
dollars to go to your crippling XCOM
addiction Steve the ghost says hijack
and rich I finally made it to another
live stream Wilkins the clown twenty
four fucking months in a row duh the kid
I'm very sorry the kill shirt
mark 3 6 1 1 thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it it's true
we really do best of the worst is on so
bye
