FTL - Missiles only Run
March 21, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9O7D15E-zfc

after yeah I'm sure FTL is installed but
let's just make sure FTL is installed
I'm probably going to uninstall Boozer
I'll be based on what I know about you
and your superhero tastes spectacular
spider-man yeah it's the bomb okay
you know what I'll believe you I di like
spider-man in general so I believe you
all right I just logged out you log in
it got canceled but I got canceled for
dumb reason reasons involving Disney and
Sony and networks not because it was a
bad show it's a great show story German
cartoons are ones with off one-off
stories I think both can be fine both
can be fine you know like if you think
about the tick those were basically
one-off cartoons about every episode was
fantastic
there was no there was just the smallest
semblance of an overarching story but
also stories were great too spectacular
spider-man has like a bunch of different
mini arcs sure for it there's like four
episode arcs mmm three or four season
for the two seasons it was on I liked
ultimate spider-man I thought there was
some good in there ultimate spider-man
this spectacular was a lot better
all right on let me change the game and
in this and then I don't forget to
change what we are playing in herbs give
us to go fullscreen get it to go
fullscreen rich berserk tl people boo
boom no reverb because you're not
fullscreen it all right fuck it I'll
just deal with window if you feel like
you can reg I feel like not fucking
around with settings for an hour and
figure out why fullscreen hasn't zoomed
into the middle of the screen
sure yeah I saw static shock static
shock came out kind of as I was getting
a little too old for Saturday morning
cartoons so I didn't catch a ton of it
but I know that was like their attempt
at a at a new superhero franchise I
think Stan Lee was involved with that
was static shock do you remember uh no
it was a DC thing
static shock yeah well originally it was
what I think what do they call
themselves there was a company that got
absorbed by DC at some point really yeah
I thought that was a Stan Lee impact
I thought I thought I thought but
apparently not I thought I thought all
right missiles and and I don't unlock
tit in the past but I don't think we
currently have any rock ships oh sure
yeah so we're going hardcore missile run
missile only what has what do I have
that has missiles
do you want the advanced edition content
enabled or disabled it is enabled all
right guys we're sticking with the
kestrel because that's got the Artemis
and that's decent missile we'll start
with if we could do a missile run yeah
missile missile only run is our is our
hope would you call a ship that can only
fire missiles
you call it you call it king missile I'm
based off of the old punk rock band the
the SS out of ammo yes that works as
well all right give me a name oh I can I
can do one better than that shatter
lottery yeah I know you can that's one
that's why I'm asking you to do it boom
boom boom and pick a random chatter we
get Mick nubbins
one eight two McMuffins Nick nubbins yep
last we got okay let's pick another
random chatter how about mochi b85 mochi
the twitch chat watcher hacked he hacked
my XCOM to be alive still
mokey mokey Mokey's a hacker and one
more chatter we have Hakan h o KO n
underscore CA z z AL et ça ZZ ZZ yeah
al et ho con caz let's castle want all
right ho con cancel it there you go
thank you oh yeah we'll go normal it's
fine
you better hope it do well because
that'll be the end of the stream so wait
are you allowed to use your burst laser
if you have it or we are doing missile
only run missile only that was the deal
I feel alright missile only run boom
boom boom
oh wait you forgot to change it in OBS
hold on I need to get this out so I can
see what's going on okay um what do I
change this in oh man so it works
oh the text thing the text rich what are
your thoughts on Arkham origins I
actually enjoy it quite a bit okay
very wise I think it's I believe that
one of the best in us it's a shame it's
a shame they just blatantly reused the
Baab from was the second one Arkham City
it's a it's blatantly the same areas
from Arkham City I think if they
released Arkham origins as a DLC
expansion sure the stigma would be gone
and everyone would love it okay it would
be the it's it's a bad sequel because
it's so blatantly rips off content from
the other games without changing much
yeah but it is like the best DLC
expansion pack ever made it's a night
it's not it's not Kevin Conroy Conroy
and Mark Hamill it's still good oh wow
that's that is high praise except when
the guy who's doing Batman every now and
then he starts to break into them
that's awful he goes into Scooby Batman
yeah yeah and the Joker doesn't quite
have a laugh but it's otherwise decent
Mark Hamill impression okay
good game on the hole oh cool cool cool
cool let's see here 97th Jackie says
fuck my ass Suicide Squad won an Oscar
for fucking makeup god is dead Trump is
president and I'm mad as hell
you completely hated the story how did
you feel about the story in arkham city
which just kind of meandered off and
forgot that there was supposed to be
like a main thread running through the
game the master I didn't get bored with
berserk everyone else did I I could have
played that for much much longer that's
a perfect I'm really glad I bought that
for my account because I might install
that on my computer and just play it
whenever I feel like being mindless
bezerk alright this is our missiles only
run this is crazy this is gonna be nuts
so suicides well all right we already
missed you and our shields but not done
there's gonna be a short stream rich Oh
God so Suicide Squad won for best makeup
I didn't see Suicide Squad but I don't
know it's good let's see here is there
anything more depressing says rib mo
mark then Suicide Squad winning an Oscar
you know beside like I'm just thinking
we're already down to three missiles and
you haven't defeated this ship yet can
you defeat one ship in a missile no no
missiles are the worst two missiles to
Muslims two missiles that's great oh god
you want to trade your two missiles oh
is that what they want dawg no I was
thinking normally I'd take that it like
right even thinking reactor upgrade just
missiles yeah I don't this is why would
I want to use missiles oh because I'm
stupid you know
yeah we're trying some so like but they
had Killer Croc for makeup
they had Harley and makeup they had
Joker and makeup I don't like I wouldn't
consider that movies spectacular Lee
makeup heavy we have to run you only
have two missiles
I'm unless you can hit him with two
missiles and then they surrender
unlikely
very unlikely
my I guess my question is for for makeup
what were they going up against what
what was their count what was suicide
squads competition because maybe just no
one else was that maybe they were the
best and that's not very good but just
the best this year you know auto-fire of
the not surrender their not surrender
and you don't have any messes left so
you just have to run absolutely
Titanic won an Oscar for best makeup
makeup Oscars are always bullshit yeah
Oh Star Trek beyond was there well the
fuck that should have won then
yeah good makeup so far our missiles
only run is not not is not you don't
have any missiles
fury road one make up last year I
believe that renegade hero says Jack
after you watch spectacular spider-man
seriously do it vulture is voiced by
Robert Englund and go check out I didn't
even know that Robert Englund is the
voice for vulture it's got a great go
check out Voltron on Netflix a seriously
great action cartoon with giant robot
muster fight so yeah I've been meeting
to watch that the new Voltron yeah
Netflix Voltron see here anonymous says
hey guys I wanted to ask you what you
think of so missiles for scrap Jack of
the Ted V Michaels first sector we have
39 scrap on mark of the Astros embiez
you know what mark of the Astros mb says
no no we don't know that I'm sorry hey
Jack
remember Kubo in the two strings well it
just lost to Zootopia another Disney
film for best animated feature film you
know what Zootopia is not a bad movie no
but I'll like also Kubo's story is so
predictable it really hurts how good the
animation is right and so like when
you're talking about Best Animated
Feature you need a good story don't they
the island II kind of tribal one no
that's Malanda that's more that's my one
kupo and the two strings is the
is the stop-motion animated setting like
feudal Japan oh okay and it's gorgeous
it's absolutely gorgeous and imaginative
it's it's really great kupo and the two
strings unfortunately its story is so
simple that you know what's gonna happen
in the first five minutes and I feel
like that really hurts it I don't think
it should have lost to Zootopia tells
you what I'm doing great great
everything's great yeah Horacio it's 10
out of 10 art with 4 out of 10 story
that's exactly it and unfortunately like
that's probably why a lot of people
didn't vote for it as far as Oscars are
concerned but Zootopia like and now
right story and it looked alright so
yeah it average is not better go see
Kubo if you haven't Kubo and the two
strings gorgeous some they have some
sequences in there that are just
mind-blowing and then to think about it
as stop-motion animation it's great
great
Kujo Kubo you're making it pretty far
without you know having fought any
battles so that's good let's see here Oh
with our armament what look what the
fight me with huh just a just a scion
stunner oh that's a strange dice roll
they would never tell apart like that
whole crew over here would they like
that that would never be an option right
here's a question I fight a teleporter
am I love to use that yes yeah
missiles only run is only as far as I
like okay well but it doesn't know what
the spirit of the challenge here's
here's what I will say what about
something like hacking sure sure if you
can if you can do teleporting that means
you can also do hacking so maybe not
actually then maybe now he'll torture
without without some other weapon when I
can get you nothing anyway hacking is
more valid than teleporting teleporting
you could win just teleport with a
decent crew the only offensive weapon
you can use is missiles I don't know but
I can't hacking as an offensive weapon
okay okay if that's a defensive way I
don't know I don't know what the combo
gets you other than I guess you could
take down their engine see you more more
likely to hit sure but you're not doing
any damage with having you can't defeat
a ship just with happing okay all right
well then that's allowed the only
offensive weapon though you are allowed
is missiles okay they haven't tried to
be them anybody also ever have that no
no
it would have been nice nor the slavery
first fucking store near the end of the
second fucking zone of fucking Haji
Bluntman Zootopia for Best Animated uh
who cares I'm a frequent patron of the
historic Colonial Theatre in
Phoenixville where there are there any
cool old-school theaters you guys
frequent in Milwaukee zoo my top well I
could buy ammo or I get buy a crew
teleporter shit chat no because I only
get five ammo you could say well you
could also sell your laser that's true I
just did oh great
what's that what's the rule here on
teleporting what's the rule on
teleporting remember we are doing a
missiles only run so what's the what's
the technicality here they want you to
buy the teleporter teleporter yeah all
of them wanted want you to buy the
teleporter I just think they want the
stream to last a little longer
teleporter only there's no way I'm gonna
win so no there's no way that's great
it's great
any old school theaters yeah we have a
couple here in Milwaukee I don't go to
them very often because I don't really
care about the theater I don't and I
don't even know what they're called I do
know we have some in the historic Third
Ward some like older theater is a
historic Burt Ward is the historic Burt
Ward
don't grate we're doing great you're
doing great rich you might win this
fight and and won you won I can solve
that you can sell them I could sell that
yeah
sorry Jen so I recently came home from
snow Big Bear Mountain just to make it
in time for your stream I gotta say snow
sometimes hurts
it's either fluffy pretty goodness or
fuck you I'm a Jackie O knees up now
yeah no we we had a week here in
Milwaukee of like high 50s low 60s in
February which is unheard of yeah
and then just this weekend boom freezing
temperatures freezing rain ice and snow
again it's a little a little kick in the
balls hey remember it's still February
that's look even that kick in the balls
we got that was still really good
February weather oh I agree but after a
week of 60 like that you could go
outside without a jacket on it was
gorgeous it was gorgeous and then like a
freezing rain again
but I do want I would like one more big
snowfall I just want to go sledding one
more time I could use one more big
snowfall oh my god you need missiles no
I don't know I don't mr. t jure Jack mr.
t dream this is this is why I was a
little hesitant about the teleporting
let's see here lordy acts as River City
ransom underground a kick-started sequel
to a classic NES brawler comes out
tomorrow you guys should play it
Wednesday for player online co-op chat
could join also I'm beta testing their
rules all right we'll look into that
River City ransom underground
nice nice robot dinosaurs yeah we got to
be a robot that well we could do a lot
of things we got to do a lot of things
we got to do a lot of things we're gonna
stay I don't know if will stream robot
dinosaurs on Wednesday Oh God Jesus
Jesus help me
holy crap rich you were so close to
death the time Jack given time so I
don't know if we'll be streaming robot
dinosaurs on Wednesday just because that
might be Rich's first day to play it in
general and he generally don't like to
start playing when you all have plated
so you could play the game yeah it will
be the new game so like it would be
something I would probably want to free
him anyway but right so yeah
you ever watch the talk the people who
made this gave about developing FTL yes
they did they did a post-mortem on FTL
at at the GDC and even had some of their
early builds great talk my favorite part
was was when they were starting and
starting to talk about like getting this
out to the community and what they were
thinking and kind of what they learned
from how the community reacted to the
game I thought was a little bit
interesting
why FTL is so difficult because the
people who played it were super
enthusiastic and they were yeah higher
skill level than just normal Schmo right
right that's why there's normal and easy
yeah not normal and hard yeah but it
really interesting talk really great
stuff oh by the way I mean I meant to
mention this earlier who in chat like 20
years ago recommended to us to me
specifically hardcore history the
hardcore history podcast because I
finally finally had some time to listen
to that yesterday and I am absolutely
fuckin loving it his program I'm
listening to the the countdown to
Armageddon which is just all about World
War 1 the real van that was you I'm
fucking in love with it like the first
podcast is like three hours and and in
the first three hours he barely
scratches on the first minor conflict in
World War one it's just all about who's
in power how they're in power why they
want to start a war and and and the it's
not even like lighting the fuse on the
bomb he's just talking about how you
make the match that's going to light the
fuse on the Bob it's beautiful I highly
highly recommend it hardcore history
countdown to Armageddon episode it
starts on episode 50 episode 50 is the
the start of the one where I started
listening is great just fucking great
well we lost somebody but we gained a
jack
what well there you go
I mean you kind of have to keep Jack
alright cuz all right if we get a jack
or a rich you got to keep a jacket rich
right
the Genghis Khan one is the best okay
head babe so we want to run yeah yeah
you do you have four missiles but it's
not worth it for this conflict okay well
let's see if we kill this guy maybe it
will be maybe it will be how their
lasers not up or is that just weird chip
design that's word ship design okay
peekaboo boom s in 1984 since thanks for
playing berserk love the series but
don't like dynasty Warriors gameplay was
on the fence about the game but now I
know it ain't for me
continue the awesomeness fellas well
there you go we just saved someone a
little bit of money yeah it's and that
was the same for dynasty warriors very
boring it's your you know repetitive
gameplay but then you know you find you
find the little ways to make it
interesting with weapon upgrades
different characters some levels have a
little different you have to do X amount
of thing before this happens and then
you get a special prize there's there's
a lot of tiny things that makes the
dynasty Warriors games very memorable
and wonderful to me
now now who's dying then I'm gonna come
back in it's almost over
that's great no missile run right this
is a great new missile run their only
missile room you're doing great what
metric am i doing great uh you're not
all dead yet are you going back over why
not good
give me one damn good reason why I
shouldn't
Oh No holy fuck
you did it no missile run is right what
one but I use missiles what do you want
oh I think that was more just a oh wait
did you not change it on OBS did I not
hit wait a minute
I think I got distracted by something
else nobody cares
hey you missiles hey you did it
yep it's a berserk FTL run yep let's
change Nov s title is berserk TL and the
game is FTL yeah yeah yeah yeah sory
chances yeah it was literally the first
time in my life ever seeing snowfall it
blew my mind any who do you think you'd
get that weird one to switch game I
personally think it should be free but
it would be nice you know like in the
early days of the Wii it came with Wii
Sports so everyone had a little son to
play that looks like something that
should bundle ah yes I did I already
have ordered one to switch rich and I do
plan on doing an episode on electron of
Zelda and also just in general how the
console feels or you know like a general
Nintendo switch episode and so I did get
another game for us to play a one to
switch and that'll be a good one to
stream to 1 2 switch that'll be a fun oh
now you're dead you're like the most
dead
grr God oh Jesus Christ
fuck it one two switch will be hilarious
for one reason or another yeah
absolutely so that's what we figured is
is we could have some fun over there and
then that'll just help us kind of get a
handle on the concepts this is not fair
oh we're gonna lose somebody else oh
wait maybe not oh we did oh oh oh god
you lost two people cuz he blew it up
don't worry rich you still have Jack you
still have Jackie's home in there i'ma
fix this oxygen for you rich then we'll
get this show on the road
shields critical gentlemen it's been an
honor playing with you that's great that
was fine that was a fine run we throw we
test some stuff out very experimental
Street well now is the the point in the
stream in which we thank all the people
who subscribe to us during the stream
that was that was a valiant effort rich
trying to tread and you know Brian
because of the nature of FTL with a
better starting dice roll there's
something you might be able to make out
of that
normal runs I have a hard time finding
income as an empty there's nothing to go
oh this time I actually wanted to salt
my way through it I still say I hold on
to this the major flaw in FTL is that
pacifist run is never gonna get you a
victory right there needs to be a way to
have a successful victory the pacifist
playthrough yeah I agree which which was
by the way another great part of their
their post-mortem talk yeah because like
they talked about all of the different
things they wanted to add into the game
and just having to set restrictions on
themselves because they also needed to
release the game most of that stuff got
released as the advance to be a
destination yeah yeah right but like
they were still like they were able to
restrain themselves like because they
had talked about like these are all the
features we wanted we didn't get in
because we also just needed to have a
game to release no one says game Oh game
over man game Oliver this time it's
lupus for 16 months in a row lupus says
oh my god it's been 16 months guys my
charity event went great although I bet
rich wishes it weren't for children with
cancer but children with a wrong person
read that tip yeah nice role
what another action 6 9 first 17 months
in a row action 69 says ah who didn't
you couldn't see that I know then that
your fault it's just positioning there's
luck of the draw a lot of thanks rolls
tonight not in berserk thanks xx XY X X
X X X X X X Y I just
this is fine it's fine you know what
it's fine and there's zero one one one
Boop
hello guys love your show how hard was
it to keep a straight face while
shooting the NED did crew episode well
it was very easy to keep a straight face
while shooting the NED crew episode
because we we never made something
called the medic crew episode it wasn't
easy what about like a different show
like the nerd crew I was it was not easy
fortunately there's editing yeah you can
lose your shed mmm dry three rs3 says
Oscar thoughts arrival should win I
would like a rival to win I thought it
was a fine movie fine movie although I
have not seen all of the nominated Best
Picture well you know what if the
arrival doesn't win then it's worthless
because you know the Oscar said so and
the only important movie is the one that
they say won yeah there there is I was
reading a fantastic speaking of Oscars
yeah reading a fantastic article about
the Oscar bump yeah the movies that
weren't slated to do well until they
were nominated for an Oscar and what
that does yeah to the a box-office
return obviously that doesn't affect me
at all and that does not affect my
enjoyment of the movie but it's very
interesting like especially looking at
real low-budget movies like like
moonlight which had no expectations
going in or hidden figures which again
was expected to perform very low and
then after they got their Oscar boneau
sure terrible they're probably hoping
for the Oscar pumped yeah sure that's
part of the Oscar bait absolutely yeah
I feel the same way about the Oscars as
I do about Game of the Year awards crash
nab X Mensa for thirty two fucking
months in a row turds are green 26
fucking months in her
says just rewatch the rich builds PC
stream how long do you think it will be
before the sequel mm-hmm I mean wow
someone's got some years and it left
it's got some years left Jack would you
just built that well like that's the one
we're streaming with yeah and it's fine
it's a fine PC it's a fine PC vengi 64
says happy birthday rich and Jack tatsu
25 fucking months a neurosis Jack was
wrong about a rival it's a great some
guys some people think that it's
probably boring but I think it's
fantastic mom Mike or Moe Mike one two
three four usually named 28 fucking
months in a row spiteful toast atomic
mousetrap says congratulations to
whatever dumb movie I've never heard of
that one best of whatever tonight well
and it's gonna be Lowell and get over
get used to it I'll surprise you it
won't be huh no surprise here won't be
because they know if they just because
it's so won't win just for that reason
and not because maybe it actually is
worthy but garbage when what will be the
first movie that gets that backlash
cuz there's still a lot of old Hollywood
around that's voting for this stuff
sure but eventually there'll be enough
young Hollywood to go ah I'm not voting
for this just because it's Hollywood
thing how how often does this come up
during the Oscars and it's a Hollywood
thing wait I mean what do you mean the
backlash for what so usually if a movie
revolves around moviemaking
it when end is nominated it wins best
what I'm not trying to be an ass what
other movies the most recent one was
like the artist yeah that famous black
and white silent film that was about in
being in the movies okay
I didn't I honestly did not know this is
a trend I don't because I don't follow
this shit like at all oh sure no I'm
sure the track I'm sure the chat can
think of some examples before I can look
them up I just in general Oh bird man
that's a great one and that man is a is
another fine example even more recently
the player thank you that's what that's
what I was thinking of that's the Tim
Robbins one think so in any case well
you have you have people in that world
voting for it and obviously these things
are just going to speak to them more
might not even be it might not even be
ego or just be yeah I can relate to that
oh well of course well and that's what I
was talking about with old Hollywood is
these these are the people who are
engrossed in the ways of making the
movie so if they see a movie about
making a movie of course they're gonna
love it more but Birdman but eventually
we will get to a point in which there's
enough new Hollywood who aren't
necessarily making movies in Hollywood
mm-hmm
where just because it's set in LA
doesn't mean it will win anyway star
garbles 21 fucking months in a row oh
yeah Argo Argo one that was about you
know lavender night Hollywood film
producers say like saving war or freeze
that gold 13 months in a row says take
my Amazon Prime subscribe you lovely
frauds also get on and play berserk
already lol tickle my dick ulemas have
been when we are still downloading it I
Michelle 30 fucking months in a row like
Amish like like she doesn't have a light
bulb or a phone in her house maybe maybe
it's a it's Amish hell 87
what are they saying what is what does
she say how do I get out of this
chickenshit outfit reckless twenty eight
fucking months in a row those are the
big ones this is the big Bill Paxton the
quotes came over man
yeah and how do I get out of this
chicken shit it's been too long since
I've seen aliens I mean he's not
remembering aliens aliens is fantastic
I'm remember it being good you know I
like alien better but as I guess you
know what it's been so long I don't have
these things memorized wreckless 28
fucking months and Rosa's recovering
from surgery and you guys are helping me
get through it
thanks for your continued entertainment
keep up the good work thank you reckless
waffle tale for 19 months in a row Zomba
Twinkie
six-six-six old handsome 12 months in a
row is 12 months
cheers to waking up groggy on Monday and
Thursday morning I know how you feel
sure pal sir Danforth says three months
probably my longest relationship you'll
get there
pathetic but you know looking pathetic
try a little bit harder here's the thing
even if you you know have like a long
relationship with someone else now we'll
still be here
so you had you'll have to dump us in
order that in order to really have
someone else beautiful unless you want
to tell your girlfriend that we are your
longest relationship and then maybe
she's really understanding or he we
don't know we don't know if that's a
girl or boy or their sexual orientation
that's a you know whatever man George
that was a lot of assuming both genders
and preferences Steph and
double-oh-seven says thank you guys for
being awesome and for being so fair to
us ladies I love that you let Karen play
she is awesome well she is awesome super
awesome sorry I was still doing a thing
what Karen yeah Karen's great she's very
nice she's very nice to come here and
humor us ma-kun's neck 19 months in row
war on God says thank you for the
hours of feeling like I had friends
Chris Gaines mm says what thank you for
another month of quality streams
gentlemen keep on liking the things that
you like and not liking the things that
you don't space come Oh 30 fucking
months a neurosis congratulations on the
couch arms hey it's a good this is great
cash is a little bit longer than I was
expecting but by the way this is a
loveseat is it loveseat this is larger
than most people's living room this is
exponentially more comfortable than the
old couch that we had briefly it's
pretty nice I have to really try it out
yeah yeah give it a give it the old sit
where were you right at the top
okay so Brad Astor might poke Alex in
the eyes as my only regret is that I
have put one twitch Prime subscription
to give rich and Jack thank you we
appreciate poke you aren't using it for
anything else well you use things get
free shipping and a lot of items in and
oh you're also probably using it to
watch the free twitch prime other
streamers and so like they choose to
give it
we're like a little pocket that exists
within twitch a little a little
incestuous pocket one date which is
gonna find us and go who the hell are
you guys loner Archon for 30 fucking
months in a row alone I returned since
30 months and rich is still a cranky
motherfucker why shouldn't I be goddamn
rich
bradster might wide and wild dan bdp oh
that's that's some good figuring out
there I had a name that it looks weird
when it's all smooshed together with no
capital wives and the tibia one flaxen
ski
says favorite Lindsay Lohan movie new
key tapes for Christmas episode I don't
have a favorite Lindsay Lohan Bovie I
imagine most people don't the Mean Girls
is pretty good you know written by to
your face okay oh good it's pretty good
ah new key tapes we just need a couple
more we guys keep telling you just a few
more mister tummy giggles what
Oh Cooper darf sis 469 AJ pimps all says
great stuff is always guys M Grier one
two three four Ericka's Rex says Kant
would say rich and Jack play their
switches on stream lol switch my dock
yeah we're gonna we're gonna play that
one two switch game we're gonna we're
gonna do this all the time there's like
a quick-draw game yeah I'm gonna kick
your ass
judo turnip fathers max thank you for
subscribing we really appreciated it's
true
we really do alright that's alright yeah
we're done
the stream the stream is over goodbye
goodbye go
uh-huh around I'm not gonna stop them
yeah but the streams over you guys leave
the streams over okay call what they do
they're supposed to click X now and the
stream is over don't know what you want
on me week we don't turn it off you guys
turn it off
we can't hang up from our