Metroid Samus Returns (Part1)
September 17, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7hzhtR_jB0E

ancient and chatty no no no we did not
I'm sick god dammit god dammit now
whatever we were playing last XCOM to oh
it's telling people are playing act no
it's telling people yeah it's some
people are playing XCOM - sorry everyone
we're playing metroid hopes up same as
for turns this is a remake of the
gameboy one yes I believe it's a remake
/ update of the the green screen returns
yes welcome we're still figuring out
stuff okay update and info successfully
updated great incoming everyone
complaining about no XCOM we asked you
guys before we started no just because
we started this tweet got sent out
oh sure yep yep and now everyone's gonna
well it's kind of understandable you
know what but you know shit happens man
that's that's really true shit
absolutely happens alright so talk about
the layout here yes I tried to balance
this with the DES and the two screens
can you get rid of the admin thing yeah
we figured you guys would want to see
hold on let me turn that down for us a
little bit we figured you guys would
want to see the main screen more than
the little screen because you know
that's where the stuff happens right mmm
that's where the stuff happens no this
looks great actually
alright yeah and yeah so part of the
reason why there was no stream on
Wednesday is because we had to move
locations
ah we are now actually back to our
original streaming room we had to be all
reset again ever so basically just shit
got messed up so we're back to the green
screen
we're back in our original streaming
room this is just story you don't care
about the stories yeah they might huh it
might so this takes place after the
first Metroid uh-huh
actually I think it doesn't it take
place after Super Metroid I don't know I
don't know so the this is recapping the
story of the first Metroid or or I think
maybe Super Metroid this is like when
they made the game they weren't thinking
about it taking place in afterwards they
were just remaking the game right and
then somebody came around after the fact
and they slap some bullshit story
elements on there is somebody like
alright let's let's take this Metroid
concept and we'll redo it yeah and it's
fair you know from a gameplay
perspective from a design perspective
it's effectively a reboot right ah yeah
so we had to move rooms and so we're
going back to the green screen I'm going
to reimagine the the overlay the overlay
that everybody likes we're gonna
reimagine the overlay and we are going
to change some things up a little bit so
things might be a little shaky here and
there but overall the Metroid Prime
games take place before Super Metroid
that might be true that's weird why why
watch me now no man I just don't know
shaky-cam here and there you're not
talking about the stream are you talking
like a movie our camera shouldn't be
shaking it's on a tripod if our camera
is shaking let us know how we feel about
the death of how you pronounce his name
Len Len Wayne Wayne wal the guy had made
co-created Wolverine oh you know what
that came up a few streams ago I I mean
he co-created Wolverine and also Swamp
Thing or yeah what's sad sad when
somebody who was beloved by people guys
but I'm not yeah it's one thing I'm not
just especially familiar with this work
personally yeah that's and that's my
that's my biggest problem is ok and the
all-new x-men not not an x-men guy right
like and all-new x-men I actually didn't
really care for that run I read a little
bit of it it got weird that was that was
the run where Scott Summers was having a
psychic affair with Emma Frost um on
Jean Grey and when Jean Grey found out
about it see the one who did the books
with Callisto Chris Claremont remind me
is that someone else
remind me was one of the other x-men
people wasn't good not a big x-men fan
look at that what about Bobby Heenan
did he pass Bobby the brain Heenan yeah
I I wouldn't be especially surprised
that the man has had horrible health
issues for years now no charge beam yet
the first time I'm hearing this
that Bobby Heenan Oh Bobby the brain
Heenan was one of them the evil managers
in old school eighties WWF or as you
kids would call it WWE as a kid I hated
him so much and I'd loved hating him he
was the weasel ha ha ha and then as an
adult oh I loved him so much he really
was the brain
that's that's the epitaph for Bobby the
brain Heenan for me when I was a kid he
called himself the brain but I knew he
was the weasel and then IIIi became an
adult and I knew people called him the
weasel but he was the break
way to go way to go man Dean Stanton
passed away I heard about that
yes Jonesy an alien I'm probably more
familiar with them as the other guy and
and repo man alright so this is this is
the Metroid this is the matroid isn't
quality oh you know so far they're just
introducing you to everything so far it
is a 2d Metroid game as shit as you know
you're running around I like this you
know you can kind of stand still and
shoot all around you can you're not
running shoot
yeah you don't run okay
why is mega man wearing yellow ah cuz
this is motherfucking Samus Sarah's open
up motherfucker
I think hob will be any good what's hob
hob hob it you'll be hob hob hmm I don't
know what that is rich which of the new
X come faction slash classes are your
favourite well let me tell you this I'm
still a fan of the old assault slash
Ranger class and my run through at home
of ex-con to war the chosen that is one
of the new features of war the chosen is
there's like a training center and you
can get you can get perks from outside
of that character's normal class so
right now I am rolling with a ranger who
has a genius-level IQ his will is
something like 55 or 52 was high and
he's got not a death from above and
serial he's a fucking beast I killed
like six aliens in one turn with him but
as far as the new classes I haven't
played around much with the Templars you
know I don't I don't even know what the
fuck to do with them I by the time I got
them it was I'm like late mid game right
now and I only got them just recently I
wasn't in a huge rush to get them I had
two other things I was worrying about in
game so I've got one and he's low level
and I don't really know what they're all
about yet
but just for the stealth the reapers are
neat yes yes Chad he is a Power Ranger
yes cereal cereal is the poke or if you
use it if you if you kill an enemy you
you get to keep shooting it doesn't it
doesn't count as a move if you get a
kill with your main weapon and with a
with that shotgun and a high crit I get
a lot of kills Sam misses a jack is
getting hit on purpose so he can see
Samus naked she lose her arm a little
help
oh I did not know that No so uh this has
it actually has a new system which is
this you see what that is that's a melee
attack it's it's a counter okay and so
every every once in a while an enemy
will flash and when they flash if you
hit the counter you smack them away and
auto aim at them okay and so I was
getting hit a lot because I was trying
to figure out her getting the timing
down to the timing for the counter
system okay and failing I was failing at
the timing for the counter system listen
if there's some zero suit samus I'm down
I'm down I was taking a look they have
something like I was thinking about
getting an amiibo they had a really cool
looking amiibo for her I don't have any
amiibos
give me once I assume she gets naked
because she does get naked in previous
games I thought well from naked I think
you're just talking about the skin type
costume I presume and isn't isn't that
just a separate costume that's not like
low health right well in in the old game
so no samus has like the zero suit which
is like her skin tight outfit under this
and so like when she dies sometimes her
her suit explodes revealing her skin
tight suit oh I thought that was just
like a separate suit you could wear I
didn't know that was that low health you
lose the no not at low health when you
die like it's like an animation it's
like two seconds Metroid is zero in
metroid zero mission there's a whole
section in the zero suit which is
frankly okay okay now I get why they
call it a zero suit by the way
why because she's not wearing the suit
oh it's a zero suit it's like a it's
like a no prize it's like an old-school
marvel no prize for if you don't know
back when comic books still have letter
sections they might still for all I know
but like old school you wrote to them if
you found like a continuity error
Stanley would send you a no prize for
your efforts which was literally no
prize it was an empty envelope
you know lisa has a no prize see rich
beads super metroid without dying once
that's why he didn't know I haven't
played Metroid in super metroids
probably been a decade or more since I
played Super Metroid oh sure yeah sure
save your progress yes please yes please
it's called the zero suit because that
suit was first showed in the game
metroid zero mission that's 5
that's a good game zero mission I like
that not a game for the Game Boy Advance
decent game Super Metroid is the best
snus game it's a very good game I won't
argue that at all
I'm me just me personally in my taste
I'm quite fond of super punch-out sure
nope nope nope nope nope nope not ready
for this yet a Link to the Past and is
better than Super Metroid I would agree
with that
did you see it yeah did you see the suit
I saw PC the zero suit oh it's so
amazing I've never seen a woman before
now you're getting it rich now you
understand can you can you get me into
the tips oh yes I know what's going on I
don't know wand out or something oh this
didn't happen last time or did it happen
Shamu
star citizen 3.0 shortly any thoughts um
um I'm interested but IIIi got some
ex-con that's just so shit comes out yes
am I supposed to enjoy anything if I
kind of keep rushing on to the next
things quickly as possible yeah I'm I'm
interested in it though
why wait are we talking about the
single-player portion or is that just
the multiplayer because I know they
separated it to two games now are they
both coming out
if you're the star citizen why wouldn't
you already play elite dangerous I
played around with a little bit like I
said eighty billion games are being
thrown in my face every day every single
fucking day there is there's new there's
new games that we must play we have to
play
no word on single-player yet alright
slightly less interested them
okay
son of a bitch
sound of a pause positing
nope
okay so I gotta get a stream tipped back
up pause life please thank you okay here
we go
I seen the road the Friday the 13th Road
map what is this they put out they put
out the all the things that they're
working on okay and and basically it's
like this is all the stuff we have
planned from now until like next summer
yeah and you know like the new map is in
there new characters new emotes no Jason
like all the stuff that they're working
on yeah and the order in which they will
be released
not necessarily dates right but rough
ideas and yeah it looks you know looks
all right looks like they're they're
working on stuff which is not here it is
here it is so the reason that stream
tipalert it didn't work is because we
needed to download the newest version of
it okay and there was no very easy way
in app to do that so we actually have to
go to the website get the new one we
need them we need we need the tips I'm
sorry I'm sorry
no no I'm what I'm saying is like I
would like stream tip alerter to have
that in app you know like that'd be him
that would be nice for us rich you
getting do for switch well you all know
how much I love playing first-person
shooters without a mouse and keyboard
snap and when I already have it on the
PC optionally with 4k well uh-huh grr
Geo
oh what will I do
Oh hmm that's a tall you know rich
that's a tough call there you know tough
tough old fuck you but rich do you play
Halo no it's not did someone hate
shooters with controllers someone said
that as a joke I don't know I'm not
convinced
I said that works it's portable you
fucking rich doesn't care about portable
games we've been through that come on
we've been through that Oh sort of a
bitch
everything's fine but you're going to
play destiny - on PC I'm more likely to
play on PC I gotta say I'm I'm not
particularly interested in the franchise
I'm one for destiny - oh yeah I'm not
particularly interested in mmo's nope
so I don't really give a shit about it
though the being able to play with a
keyboard mouse could only help that at
least puts me playing it in the
conceivable room mm-hmm
the universe I don't know didn't look
like anything special no it just looks
like guns I'm pretty sure that's not
necessarily horrible but it's not it's
not mouth-watering right that's the
thing that's the thing there's no I hear
like they have the I hear they have the
system down pat like if you are into
that kind of feed the beast MMO thingy
they do it the best but yeah that's not
anything I'm necessarily interested in
either all right we did it we're on the
17th right all right cool that's
something doom Oh II so yeah but but by
the way like not only is doom coming to
the switch Wolfenstein the new order
Wolfenstein - who's coming to the
switchin it's just like if you enjoy
playing these things with the controller
and on the go I'm very happy for you I'm
not against these things existing oh
right well no and you know the the
exciting thing for a lot of people who
are switch owners or you know fans of
the switch I just want to see a Nintendo
do well the the really exciting thing is
the amount of games that was announced
at this Nintendo Direct thing fucking
everything is coming to this way exactly
and so like that's like they are getting
the third-party developer support that
Nintendo has always needed but never had
before
well yes they did I'm older than you
Jack they the unit endlessly the king
oh well back in well I'm sorry through
the sniffs since since the well at 64
that's 1/8 that's that's kind of that's
when they famously lost square so since
the n64 they have needed third-party
support
can't do anything here it was the the
lack of a CD player that killed them and
they lost ground and since then it was
trying to get back and they never could
write PlayStation had clearly stolen
their audience their niche their crown
so it was it was just it was an exciting
uh it was an exciting Nintendo Direct
for people who owned a switch because
there's gonna be a ton of shit to play
man just a ton of shit which is great
and then every grandma bought a weed and
then they forgot about it two months
later doesn't matter they still bought
it they bought it gave them money it
didn't give them lasting money I'm 40
but they have the Pokemon machine for
that scan pulse it wasn't necessarily
beating out the PlayStation it was just
finding an entirely different audience
which is fine haha which is fine okay
don't like the 1990 Patrick Swayze film
ghost lovin I haven't watched it in a
while I might think it's too sappy now
there's entirely possible think it's too
sad at the time just like a story from a
ghost point of view oh I thought that
was fantastic
yep oh yeah it was great it was great
that oh that the who who's that actor
who played the bad guy in that he was
what a great weasel bad guy IRA ham he
was awesome I mean Whoopi Goldberg
obviously so you know I loved it shades
of Paul Reiser from aliens yeah yeah
just a little weasel dick that you know
classic training like ghost power
training montage yes for the record I am
a fan of
ghost alright let's read some tips
notchback
Fieros as good evening you heck frauds
my girlfriend Eliza and I are looking at
buying a house
any advice Jack you have any house
buying advice I do not have never bought
a house and it's been a while but you
know don't be afraid to don't be afraid
to look at something that is ugly but
structurally sound you can get a really
if you're willing to put some work into
it you can get good prices if it's ugly
but has a good foundation you know
that's that's in you know how do you
know if a house is a good foundation
inspectors you have to you know learn
befriend befriend some handymen also
that's a that's some other fine advice
befriend some handyman so why is the
foundation so important that's a very
expensive thing to fix and well not just
foundation but like you know stuff like
let's say the carpet is ugly as hell
yeah that's that's easy to replace
yeah let's say the the walls are a
little cracked drywall easy to replace
let's say the electrical is bad that's
gonna cost you something so watch out
for electrical issues yeah foundation
foundation issues you know and a good
inspector will check your foundation we
we had a guy when we were buying our
house he had this like neat little it
was like a temp it was like a infrared
temperature thing where he could read
the temperature in the foundation and if
if it flex you if it got really cold
inside the foundation he knew there was
moisture and then I was like oh neat
what a fun toy Jedi I understand that
the foundation is the the its foundation
if I get it I get it it's like the well
it's the motherboard of the house the
foundation yeah I just want to elaborate
oh yeah my a well Jack and you talking
about that more for the viewer yeah he
was drugged wrong up the content that's
great riches riches on on the ball but
ya know things like things like
electrical are
cost you an arm or leg and inspectors
are gonna be all up in your ass but
replacing some walls that maybe look
shitty not so hard
taken down drywall not so hard
repainting a few rooms is asbestos ever
an issue with private residences always
yeah always especially well it's not an
issue like let's say I have a specialist
in my house right now not an issue if
I'm trying to sell my house huge issue
right right and so if they're looking to
buy a house
yes asbestos can be a big issue but it
won't be for them because the seller
will have to take care of that
so the amiibo option has been unlocked I
don't have an immediately so you can't
sell a house if it has asbestos you can
but people aren't I'm sure there's some
sort of disclosure there's there's
something that'll that people and people
will be wary of that obviously and that
just means you're not gonna be able to
sell it for as much there's I'm sure
there's all sorts of logistical bullshit
and holy shit
Feridun 2772 or 2772 some people are
people are really anal about that you
know this one person is says I bought a
cast-iron skillet
finally last week I guess completely
changed how I cook oh do you guys have
any favorite recipes please be as
detailed as possible so I can try out
sometime I don't really have any recipes
yeah I'm not much help yeah especially
especially now on the diet it's just
it's all the same shit all the time so I
cannot I cannot be if any help to you
I'm sorry I'm sorry I know you cut I
know everyone comes to the video game
stream to learn about cooking recipes
but rich and I just aren't aren't your
fanciest thing I've cooked is yep yep
find some either decent sourdough or a
French bread baguette okay
but don't don't get just any crap you
find at a grocery store because grocery
stores don't have real french bread
anymore
they have that shit that's always soft
and I don't know what the fuck they put
in there to make it always soft but it
tastes like crap and you cut it like a
sub sandwich okay and kind of like a sub
sandwich toast it on pan that's on the
stove all right C toast the bread a
little butter grill up some some red
onions okay dice up some orange peppers
a little bit of quality deli cheese all
right I knew could just long enough to
melt the cheese delicious sounds
delicious
and I used to cook a lot fancier but
then I gained a bunch of weight so
that's just a sandwich rich I don't
clunk it's a fancy sandwich I love Mayo
but there's been huge flack against it
all of a sudden why I'm as great
all right Anana says hey dude stirs hi
you should really look at playing rayman
legends 3 player with Karen maybe Farah
with James it's adorable
great music art and mechanics it may not
be free but at least it's not DC online
no media plans I you know and I like
Rayman Origins oh wait no legends is the
one I like it's a new kind of Metroid
look at this thing which was the first
Raymond platformer was that origins or
legends probably just Raymond no it was
one of those is an origin 11 oh I mean
I'm sorry the first knew for the first
remake of the oh shit I don't know I'm
asking the chat rich obvious use
missiles after the culture okay I just
did
so just like a boss yeah probably mini
boss
hmm hi meat Tomic mousetrap says spent
all week trying to fix my PC there
should be a version of if you give a
mouse a cookie for computer hardware ha
ha ha I get that joke because I'm a
parent did you ever give him us a cookie
given us a biggie no oh it's it's a it's
a fun little children's book like an
early early early reader children's book
where if you give them also cookie he'll
want a glass of milk and if you get a
glass of milk you'll get this and if you
do this he'll do this and they end up
like going all around the city and then
it ends all back and and then if you
give him that the mouse will want a
cookie okay it's cute it's cute is what
it is
so it's the whole thing a circular the
whole thing is circular and you know
just forever like that song about the
hole in the bucket there's a hole in you
know dear liza dear liza soon most
people don't know that you don't think I
don't think but I could be wrong that's
enough everybody knows there's a hole in
my bucket the bucket
nobody knows the whole bucket saw rich
Henry fetch me some water there's a hole
in the bucket dear Liza Liza
there's a hole in the bucket Liza and
then the husband and the wife go back
and forth he can't fix all he can't fix
it he can't fetch her water because
there's a hole in the bucket she tells
him to fix the bucket he says he can't
fix the buck because he doesn't have a
straw or something one of the hallways
well cut some this is well I can't cut
some because the axe is too dull and it
goes around and around and around and
eventually well he can't because back
there bring a hole in the bucket yeah oh
yeah
Oh charge beam classic charge beam
what's wrong I just like seeing it oh I
just like seeing the stream to know that
you know the stream is happening no no
says hey Jack yo I found and picked up
the shotgun the shotgun and now I have
all right well don't use it okay
oh yes
thank is to says hijack enrich hi
greetings from rainy Singapore Singapore
what here's my monthly tip because I
don't watch on Twitch due to time zones
oh I know jack has seen the expanse I
have and I love the expense this rich
keep up the good work
well sound like Netflix or something by
now ah that's a good question I don't I
don't have the cable TV's season 1 might
be on Netflix
got them I got them eventually
OOP gobbledygook says rich please stop
saying mouse and keyboard the term Mouse
is offensive and could get you heat from
PETA yeah I mean you're right for your
rep thank you for saying something I've
been meaning to tell him that for years
now for your reputation sake refer to
your favorite input device as roller
clicker I like it roller quicker
my mom says I'm spitballing here and if
you know about spitballin ila jack this
idea will suck yeah yeah thanks to the
backhanded compliment damn yeah yeah I
know what have a couple of times a year
you guys do a lightning round night of
20 to 30 minute demos of crappy games we
suggest we've already done that we did
shovelware roulette we did we did the
the H dot IO pick a bunch of weirdo
games that was kind of fun yeah it was
all born eatin I'm gonna do it again we
almost did it once somewhat recently
right forgot what else came up but oh
maybe I think one of the diddly Kong
nights when we couldn't do that I
suggested you shovelware roulette did we
coming it's fine
yeah yeah no I'm perfectly down with
that again expecially if it's like
weirdo abstract arty like itchy Oh games
I'll play those all but all day long
those are weird man those make me feel
weird those make me feel weird in the
funny places epic Jason X 9006 epic
Jason rich and Jack yeah recently I
found a way to play doom using the
controller keyboard and mouse all at the
same time using pinnacle game profiler
and it works rather well also the fan
mods are great okay
other fan mods for doom no I know they
had their their built-in level editor
thing but I didn't know if there were
fan mods for doom
well new doom old doom there's 80
billion mods that might be what he's
referring to
that might be what he's probably it it's
very possible yeah yeah
but then would even need to say also the
fan mods are great because duh it's
exceedingly the long-lived
Hotspur on the chat saying am I in the
minority liking vanilla old doom
probably what I I loved old doom at the
time but like even setting aside
something like brutal doom or project
brutality setting those aside just just
the source ports with mouse look I would
have a very hard time going back to pure
vanilla no mods of any kind doom mmm I'd
have a very hard time going back sure
that's a new one
come you dick
great dickhead haven't played new doom
or old doom care to explain the appeal
shooting a whole bunch of monsters fast
fast-paced action gameplay well sounds
horrible doesn't have a generating
health okay quick question what's the
story what's what's the story like do
you run around like a headless chicken
with sixty other people getting one shot
in from behind
no what's the appeal I know I never
everybody every once in a while like on
Steam messages around Twitter people
like make sure they share with me the
latest updates to pub G and it's like
it's like it's like waving it's like
waving a crack pipe in front of an
addict and you people I'm done with pub
G and I keep I keep you know I you guys
keep me up to date on stuff and I don't
want to hear it
dick dick dick stick got him
huff hearted says good evening I I have
an update on those at-risk teens than
kept losing at NES games Jack ended up
being right sort of the they eventually
did okay but the lack of a tutorial made
it hard in the beginning mm-hmm
okay I'm not doing it dr. smoke trees
like I said there's a very small
possibility that when the new map comes
out I'll just take a look at the new map
do you really need a tutorial so I can
punch out punch out the fruit the
original it's not the most complicated
thing in the world what I'm what I'm
it's there's no possible way to view it
from a kid's standpoint because like a
kid nowadays rich they flip flappy bird
right like their idea of a game is very
different from what our idea of a game
is okay okay and and you know like you
technically don't need a tutorial but
remember we only we only had punch-out
that was the only game we had and so it
took us a while and we figured out all
the moves we figured out how to use all
the stars and the whatnot flappy bird
flapping Birds a thing that's the
flapping and burden shit
how else would you figure out that
select does the super punch the
instructions
all I'm saying is yeah you have to
understand it's it's just such you or
you have to be respectful of the fact
that it's a different time and and
they're the games that they have now are
so different now than the games we had
and we can't look down on them how old
were you when you first read the
instructions it frequently didn't
because like I said these I think I'm
right but I ever read the instructions
for punch-out like it's hard to remember
if I ever actually did but I know I
frequently never even bothered reading
the manuals but of course not you take
something like Mario and you really
don't even need that like Super Mario
Brothers Megaman though okay I'll say
this because I didn't I never read
instructions yeah and I was pretty young
when it came up Megaman yeah I didn't
know until the second game came out that
you could use the other robots powers
really I played the first Megaman just
normal Mega Buster only I did not know
that at first that I mean it was a
rental I didn't own it oh okay good like
man what's all the hype for this game
it's pretty hard games were expensive
and I was a kid it's not like I could
just run out and buy Megaman oh right
most most of my gaming even even into my
adulthood was from rentals oh sure
hey that's a lot of people
shit now you got red box for games it's
like a whole new world rich was renting
back in the day cost-effective yeah way
talk about after school on Friday you've
rent a game you get it for the weekend
it's three bucks no wait it was that's
something in a Blockbuster Video it's
like less than you can get for like a
but back then yo yeah depending on the
local the local video store the
mom-and-pop place oh yeah and some place
would have like a deal was like yeah
like you could have it for a week for
you know your Luck's right so you like
you could you could play a game in its
entirety for five dollars boom now I
mean you know what even now like I said
they have the the the red box game
rentals it's like a buck fifty a day to
rent a game now it's great I have no I I
have actually no idea how blockbusters
took over from the mom-and-pop places so
they used to be before blockbusters came
in there's like seven local mom-and-pop
places and then blockbuster ran them all
out yet they charge like five times as
much selection is how they got him on
yeah sure ah but but yeah I know they
had 80,000 copies at Blockbuster yeah oh
no I not cuz that but they had 80,000
copies of stuff people actually wanted
to watch the local mom-and-pop stores
had all the same movies blockbusters
just had more copies of them
blockbusters would have liked the new
release like one shelf dedicated nothing
but copies of that one movie yeah
the mom-and-pop store might have five
copies of it like ten or twelve if they
were a mom-and-pop store that was doing
well alright
pew pew pew
fuck you the decontamination with a cave
says have you seen that video someone
edited together of you guys it's a hat
FRA hack fraud life I have not madam
says doom reference stupid doom
reference stupid you can animus it was
also possible you're a referencing
suicide you're saying I have a shotgun
what should I do with it oh yeah I knew
you might have been a reference to load
up all the barrels doom it up or it
could have been I am I am making a
suicide joke right
so I erred on the side of caution I
think I was a that was an excellent
judgement call Rick yeah
all right Craig nation says hey guys
my friend recently made a Metroid
roguelike for steam called
a robot named fight I haven't played it
so I can't vouch for its quality but you
guys might dig it
keep up the good work you know I want to
say I added that to my steam wish list
recently because that that I saw that I
came across that in my feed and that did
look like something that I wanted to
play so that is cool that your friend
made that people make stuff
Jim doc says new Metroid dreams happen
sometimes and with Kevin Scott's caveat
caveats thank you what's next
new fzero new mother new balloon fight
what's y'all's favorite Metroid I love
the open endedness of zero mission I
never really played any of the handheld
ones but Super Metroid is fine yeah you
know a lot of love for a lot of for just
about all the Metroid's the the prime
series might be up there for me too I'll
tell you what that thanks I know this
about you that took Metroid to a whole
new level for me that was I really enjoy
that I'm gone with Super Metroid
that is totally Farish I hear your Super
Metroid and I don't necessarily disagree
I'm not as big a fan of prime for
obvious reasons control a first-person
shooter and it did it did have auto aim
though it did
lock-on targeting you know which made it
playable but you know and when you got
to 3 Metroid Prime 3 it was on the
it was on the Wii yeah and so they they
you know you could aim with didn't that
mid turning awkward no well there was
actually a separate button for turning
180 okay
okay and so you know you would turn 180
and then you could aim and turn 180 I
think it would have been better actually
if it had like a ninety degree turn
because sometimes you would just turn
around and stop looking at the thing you
know it wouldn't help you as much but
yeah that's that's that's my jam
you can play prime with a proper
keyboard and mouse with the dolphin
emulator it also runs better and has
better graphics what sounds fantastic
that sounds like something I would want
to try alright before that gets out of
control madam says Jack how's the diet
going any slips are still doing well ah
no slips no slips which I've felt really
good about last week if you remember I
talked about this the week before I had
kind of stagnated you know where it's
like you know my cheat day I go up and
then I gotta go back down again right
but I hadn't lost I hadn't gone below
198 yet
starting at 207 ish yeah and this week
again I stagnated at 198 and so
something is wrong with my intake and so
what I'm trying this week is you know
this is all part of the journey yeah so
you know you can't get you can't get
disheartened if if something does if you
know the diet doesn't work you just
change the diet a little bit I think I'm
actually not eating enough calories a
day yeah because the way my diet works
and this is the diet that I used you
know six years ago when I lost a ton of
weight and I'm going back to it is I eat
basically the exact same thing every
single day except for Saturday in which
I can eat anything yeah and my meal
includes lean protein vegetable and
beans
yeah but oh fuck oh fuck you first of
all but I had I'm actually foregoing
some of the beans because that's how I
ended my last diet mhm
and I think it's too premature to do
that for this diet and so I've added
more beans to my lunch okay
hoping that that one it adds fiber and
to UPS my calorie count so my body
doesn't freak out and not not lose any
of the weight Kevin I know what you're
going on about with all those beans but
I'm here with them yeah
every twice a week I've never smelled
anything funky in here it has not
happened but and by the way ya know it's
it's a lot of beans and it's a lot of
broccoli but you know you know it really
helps by the way if you are a person on
a diet who is worried about farts yeah
one if you get excessive gas vino works
great okay to go on a couple walks a day
and those farts just come out on the
logs and you know what step hard like
step hard on your walks you will work
those guys out notice one end to say
good luck with continuing to Christmas
I've been mirroring the effort and lost
11 pounds
hey nice I have recently been stirred
again trying to eat better okay that's
back on and just generally generally
yeah nothing living like hardcore just
better in general yeah less crap hey
that's something man yes less crap
that's something I want to talk about
subway so you want to talk about Subway
sandwiches it's not it's not perfect but
it's a healthier option relative to
fast-food minutes but wanted something
quick like I'll go to Subway absolutely
and what is it about Subway where the
quality of one subway can be like wildly
different from another subway yeah
McDonald's the
all the fucking same Burger King Wendy's
fucking cousin sub near here
yeah Jimmy Jones everyone you go to it
tastes the fucking same yeah subway it's
like rolling the fucking paradise
they don't have quality control with
their franchise management its subway I
agree I'm with you cuz there's a there's
a subway it's near me
that's near me and around the first Ron
when I first moved up here I went there
a lot because they were near me and they
weren't the best but they were very
close and like like a year or two ago I
discovered another subway it's a little
bit out of the way it is perfect every
fucking time
ah every fucking time but the other day
like like I would say like a week ago I
I went to that first subway that one
that's not quite as good as it was
nearby and was with Karen I wasn't let's
go here we're here I'm getting this
nearby anyway we'll go to Babylon sure
sure and I go to the bad one and the guy
behind the counter recognizes me Oh Oh
recognizes you in that way recognizes me
like is someone who used to go there I
haven't been into his shop for like a
year
Wow oh that's hilarious and he lays the
guilt on shut up he lays the guilt on
really thick so yesterday now we're
finally were front were caught up
yesterday I go to Subway yes and in part
because of the guilt trip I I went to
his subway no I did I did and I came
home yeah and I go to eat my sub it's
the stainless fucking bread I have ever
seen it's like a fucking brick that man
gave me a fucking brick sandwich I had
to throw 90% of it out it was just
fucking inedible what a dick oh why
don't you come here anymore come to my
sandwich shop it's failing for some
reason I can't figure out why though I
guess I'll save money and and you
yesterday's bread you know for one this
is why I stopped going here subway in
the firt law was never that bad before
and the other part of me thinking is is
that deliberate just to get back at me
for not going to his place for like a
year
no you would think you come back he
would want to give you the best fucking
sandwich of your life you think yeah he
gave me a brick
No
I was like if we didn't deliberately
well he just shot himself in the foot
because because in the guilt trip might
actually went there and I might have
gone there every now and then now I'm
never setting foot in that fucking place
again where's that damn it it's a tricky
boss you're saying just attack him
normally Jack okay no I thought oh I
thought you needed to wait until he
charged you and I had to counter him
first
oh well then fuck man Ritchie might be
watching let's fuck him do that shit to
me
yeah it's something any shit together
all right oh all right I'll get hey guys
don't worry I'll get this I'll get this
I mean I'm gonna look down at the ID
it's it's pretty lagless going to the TV
I've been watching it on the TV because
that's all that's how we're streaming
this it's pretty like less to the TV but
just in case I'm actually gonna watch it
on the 3ds here what's fun it might look
a little strange to you all at home
who is the most famous person you have
met rich how do we cut this what is what
what is the definition of meat like I
went to the TNG cast reunion so having
seen him live in person I guess
technically it's William Shatner and
Patrick Stewart it's not meeting for no
reason William Shatner was that the TNG
cast reunion
ah that's fine it was great it's great
no who's the who's alike and I'm gonna
say bye meat not just like shake their
hand and say hi like maybe he had at
least a small conversation with I guess
by default that's max landis oh ho sure
that's true there you go
and I was not there
I know my mother claimed to have once
run into Gene Siskel at a crosswalk in
downtown Chicago ah that's cool
Patton Oswalt I didn't meet him rich was
not there for this yeah I was not there
for that rich did not fly to Los Angeles
I say claim because she could have been
wrong about who it was I wasn't there I
can't verify this
I mean it's not impossible Cisco was
resident of Chicago it's see some nosy
Bert was sometimes Siskel was the other
one Tribune the Tribune yeah yeah yeah
um madam says a friend wanted to see it
I went with I got up to use the restroom
and our in while up I decided there are
better things I could be doing Wow
walked out it was the first time in my
life I walked out of a movie
yeah presumably well yeah I I've said
this before I desperately wanted to
during Attack of the Clones
but I didn't because I was with people
who got me in for free so it would have
been horribly rude
yeah but a lot of people seem to love
the new it yeah I've heard nothing but
positive things I've heard nothing but
positive things Mike and Jay had nice
things to say about it
yeah I don't know that it was love at
first sight but they had positive things
to say about it
Anonymous's what's the most absurd
gaming accessory you two had the power
glove you had a power yeah that's a
process was the right age and it was
useless absolutely useless so I had the
power glove and the I had power glove
and trackpad Forness a broken game genie
and rock bands set that ended up in the
dumpster all accessories ended up
useless oh rockband that's the fate of
most accessories rock band rock bands
something you had to know it was only
gonna be good for rock band yeah I would
that's how hey I don't even know how to
count that as an accessory like that's
that's just you know right and game
genie game genie I wouldn't call it
useless it did what it said right not a
game I love my game genie
got me to cheetah games is great
hey kid hey kid you have cheated games
yeah you do yeah you do yeah you fucking
do you want you want infinite life you
want infinite health yeah you want to be
the big bad boss you can be the big bad
boss come on kid person in the chat I'd
read your name but it scrolled up and
I'll spend the next 10 minutes looking
for your name no somebody mentioned like
one or two of the Halos has come out on
PC and I could play it with a keyboard
mouse oh right yeah here's here's the
reason I haven't played though and I'm
well aware they exist that a couple of
the Halo games I can play on PC I am
legitimately worried that I might
actually really like Halo ah
wait you're worried yes because if I
actually really like like oh good I love
this and then I can't play the rest of
them because they're you know controller
console Xbox exclusive sure okay all
right I want to play this series on so
that is why I have not tracked those
dumb hmm I guess that's fair I guess
rich you weird old man explain to me
what's weird about that how is that
weird yeah it is weird and we've talked
about that was that weird well we've
talked about this with other things
before you know like you you don't want
to watch Firefly because you don't want
to be left wanting more that's sensible
it's and it's just a disagreement in our
personalities where I am okay why why
why forbid yourself from something
you'll enjoy because then you might not
be able to enjoy another thing III would
not enjoy being left hanging though
right I don't enjoy being left hanging
right if I start a story I damn well
want that story to have a fuckin
resolution I don't want to be left
forever right I hate that that's how I
feel about it
no amount of saying it's about the
journey or whatever
we'll change my mind on that and you you
whoever you are you can enjoy whatever
you want you gonna you can enjoy your
unfinished stories because it's about
the journey or whatever I don't care
that's nothing to do with me though I'm
not saying you can't enjoy what you like
but rich why tell me I can't enjoy it I
just don't I don't get it cuz I want to
enjoy a rich it's not up to you is it
video games rich
it's about gameplay and Halo just looks
like another shooter to me it doesn't
look especially well they look special
I'll agree with you there I don't I
played halo I played the first day I
didn't think it was that special
I I had no like there was no special
love for me in that first Halo game it
is just kind of a generic like yeah you
know the aliens and there's aliens and
some other shit I understand that a lot
of people who didn't have gaming PCs it
was it was like their first or second
first-person shooter and to them it was
a revolution oh right yeah yeah I get
that but to me it looks like looks like
went to
yeah
check looks confused oh yeah I just
don't know what's going on with this
little statue thing and I didn't see use
the teleport station no not yet I wanna
see what's over here
mom says K which I've asked you about
animals ffs and more I just want you to
set jack up to yell doom it up
could you ask Jack what to do after
loading up his barrels if not I
appreciate your gentleman Ness so after
you load up your barrels you cock your
fucking shotgun yeah and then you do it
up your dooma dooma dooma dooma DUP and
if you had just said load up all of the
barrels in the first place
it would have been clearly obvious what
you were going for Oh Richard I missed a
step
the way you phrased it it sound like you
were pulling some kind of suicide prank
yes and that yeah so you load up all the
barrels you cock your fucking shotgun
and then rich I missed the most
important step to doom it up and shoot
him in the fucking face though the way
you had phrased it was essentially I've
loaded a gun what should I do with it
now right did you get it do you get
ice beam young man's game says rich and
Jack have you guys seen the trailer for
the shape of water it looks great
thought Sun gilma del Toro's work I have
not seen this trailer I have also not
seen this trailer but I'm excited
because I enjoyed guillermo del toro as
a director and well that's interesting
so if you can see on the little screen
you can change between a regular shot
and free shot I don't know why you
wouldn't want the free shot you like you
kind of always wants a free shot but
just by tapping the touchscreen right
you can change what kind of shot they
probably will contrive a reason for you
to want the other shot oh yeah it'll
probably charge up like panels but open
doors doesn't share it'll be something
maybe there's a memory type that's just
weak to the normal shot as opposed to
the freeze maybe they'll be like fire
enemies you freeze this nothing okay
there's nothing against the lava monster
Jack it just melts the ice just makes
steam or maybe they'll be ice monsters
where the ice bhima's were done to bail
you know then sure there's a way you can
do that where you would have a reason to
switch between them so look at that
okay this is classic Metroid now freeze
your enemies so you can jump off of them
can you kill them with the free shot
after the frozen that's a good question
right we're heading out of killable
enemy I don't
okay you have your reason oh let just
took a while but it probably took a lot
longer than the other one went oh break
us
maybe maybe rich okay that's fair we're
learning epic Jason X 9000 says in
today's news famous Sega character ecco
the dolphin was arrested today for
prostitution ring charges let me see it
okay he allegedly was seen transporting
two sixteen year olds across state line
for a more for immoral purposes fine
however you get fast from rich
Godley Vic says my first walk out on a
movie was Sister Act 2 in 1993 it's a
damn mouth sorry jack I know what's one
of your favorite felt like I controlled
my own destiny you know I guess in that
context sure on an unrelated note fuck
Guinan and the Nexus in all caps fuck
Gaiden in the Nexus
yeah the Nexus was just stupid
all of generations was stupid oh that
Nexus I kept thinking you know like what
episode are you talking about but uh yep
there you go it's all about generations
yeah yeah I can be with you I can be
with you there
I'm not saying Whoopi Goldberg is
infallible I'm like Gaiden is a
character it's better counselor than
Troy is it's fucking it's fucking true
and you know it yes who does Picard go
to when he needs advice not the ship's
counselor it goes to his fucking
bartender so he goes to and he's not
wrong who uses Troy for advice like not
many people right
she comes off as being far wiser than
try ever does guided yeah true dad
well you unlimited Rockets on this or
something no I've under my health you
can see I've I currently have 35 Rockets
oh oh when you when you charged a gun
you can hit people off so no not on the
limited rockets but yeah there's plenty
of recharge stations and they never
explained why Q was afraid of Guinan
yeah they shouldn't have there's no
story they could have done with that
that wouldn't have been lame I agree
with her seven hundred percent that was
just a cute thing that was just like a
little hint at a backstory like Oh kind
and is old and why she even knows Q and
they have history right right sometimes
implied history is better than real
history read the Packers are losing they
need your support
okay I fully support the Packers losing
thanks rich I think that a hope I really
think that a have a lot of people
okay so see this so see you at the
bottom or for everyone if you look at
the little screen like right right above
right here there are apparently the
whole point of this game is just to kill
all the all the Metroid's which are now
like super like super metroids and i've
38 left and so it's just you know just
gonna go here kill all the Metroid's and
like I like this this thing right here
it's like the egg sac that it came out
of and that's how you know you're
getting close to a boss battle and the
Super Metroid there's things you've been
spotting away yeah they seem less
dangerous than normal Metroid's yeah
they seemed easier to deal with a little
easier to deal with but they're like
beetle Metroid's they're they're
beetleborgs
how good are you at morph ball jumping
uh fairly good I'm sending the timings
different from game to game so if you're
good in one game you're not gonna be
good at it another oh no no it's how you
tell it usually the same scene I switch
to the other one
well it's frozen like that it's frozen
it's not moving anymore
why no metroid movie yet yellow babe
yellow dress babe with gun arm killing
all things montage and sunset ending
because of the super mario brothers
live-action movie and nintendo is
probably extremely reluctant at this
point to let some foreign film company
handle one of their highly valuable of
properties and putting it in hands and
putting it out of Nintendo's own control
right and they're not wrong because look
at the Super Mario Brothers movie they
kind of got fucked over
magi Johnson says have you heard of
divinity original sin - it's a new RPG
with many play styles fun turn-based
combat voice-acted branching dialogue
and local co-op up to four players check
it out I heard the name I I know very
very little about it and turn-based
combat that that could mean like XCOM
that could mean like Master of Orion or
that could mean some garbage like Final
Fantasy where you just take turns
thrashing at each other until one of you
dies ah no no spider ball Trek this time
it's just cling to any wall some turn
bays come could mean a lot of different
things I need more to go on
Master of Orion is 4x
it is also turn-based now you gonna tell
me Master of Orion is not a turn-based
strategy game it is also a 4x game but
it is clearly turn-based
it is rich not like the turn-based games
I'm saying they're not all identical and
just proclaiming it turn-based doesn't
necessarily tell you all of that much
yeah
and you know going back to the whole
Metroid thing the whole Metroid outfit
you made the Metroid movie thing right
so so Nintendo at one point you know
sold the rights to make a Mario Brothers
movie and it was a horrible flop and
nobody liked it and there have been
rumors speculations that Nintendo is
actually going to try again with the
Mario Brothers movie but go animate it
this time it's probably the smart way to
do it that's the safe call for anyone
who's excited about the possibility of a
Metroid movie if Nintendo does good in
the animated realm for Mario Brothers
they would probably do the same thing
with just about all their titles I don't
think that's the right call because I
think Metroid live-action would be
fucking bad-ass do it in the style of
Dredd
hmm you know like just may you know make
her quiet and and badass but it's not
gonna happen anytime soon you need that
you need to do something more than just
Samus running around a labyrinth though
it's like story-wise what the fuck do
you do with a Metroid game huh right
miss shooting monsters for two hours is
that enough no you make it a mystery you
make it a mystery it's so it's not just
shooting monsters it's it's also like
the first story of like discovering what
the what the metroids are and you know
okay okay so you know like you make it
slightly like horror horrified right
you basically you you swapped the role
of of who's ripping off who and make it
a bit of an alien
it's like essentially the entirety of
the game you know it would have to just
be like the final action scene you know
yeah you get little action scenes here
in there but you you condense the
entirety of the actual game to like a
ten-minute sequence yep of just running
through labyrinth is Right destroying
everything
now look no you don't give her a dumb
sidekick you give her like she's a
bounty hunter and it's her it's her
bounty to guide a group of scientists to
a planet right and like that's her
charge is to protect the scientists and
she'd go sideways or or she's just hired
she takes on the bounty to find the
space pirates who stole the thing
exactly what's the thing and then at
some point she finds out Oh what's a
Metroid oh this is why it's dangerous
and then she does need someone to talk
to and so like on the planet while
looking for the things at the Pirates
toll she comes across yeah yeah a group
of scientists that the Pirates also
kidnapped and I yeah like the thing
writes itself you would need a director
who would be willing to stand up to any
sort of corporate pressure and be like
hey we're going to make an action movie
like it's going to be geared towards
adults there's gonna be you know mm-hm
there's going to be alien guts in it and
it's gonna be awesome and guess what
that's not going to happen you need to
have the search take her to the planet
that's been completely ravaged by the
Metroid's and that thing is left a lie
yeah it would be awesome right you can
do it you could totally do it you can do
it very easily
it won't happen
all right
nobody the slightly out of order because
someone said somebody were just recently
talking about sure Sean says I saw a
streamer miss a 95% attack in divinity
original sin - so it's like XCOM so you
can tell it X come who what X come vet
is because they don't get upset about
that they expect it the 95 the 95% miss
yeah Lucas Ducas says have you ever seen
veep with Julia louis-dreyfus great show
and she K from space cop shows up as a
Secret Service agent from time to time
oh yeah I didn't know that oh good for
cheek' I haven't I haven't seen it I
know he's like a real actor GK yeah he's
been in shit
we're lucky to get him oh absolutely
commit see him 126 hello rich and Jack I
have two thoughts for a possible review
TMNT 1990 this movie still holds up
holds up in my opinion and life force
does not need an explanation
thanks also next best of the worst soon
thanks for all guys maybe thanks awhile
dad to these things so I don't know how
soon soon is we think it's a film
there's one in the can we film something
yeah we film something there's one in
the can and as far as review goes I know
I we were thrown arts my DS I agree that
TMNT 1990 probably holds up well
relatively speaking you're sure I could
see that I don't think I am strong
enough feeling wasn't on it myself to
want to do a review that's the question
yeah I don't know like it's is that's an
interesting movie that that's a movie
that that could that you could talk
about thank come here but I don't yeah
that's that you know what that'd be a
great one if when Freddie Williams comes
back cuz he's been he's been drawn so
many turtles like oh yeah yeah talk
about the turtles man he's working on
like dude he's doing covers for that
they're having a whole like TMNT
universe that he's drawing right now are
you what are you oh nice
what about watching all three original
tmht films
TMNT films and comparing them how first
ones good the second ones terrible
because parents suck and they couldn't
be violent and I haven't seen the third
one yeah no I mean was that ever even in
the theaters that was that just straight
to video you know that I don't remember
that being released in a theater
that's a great question rich and I have
I don't have the answer for you that is
a great question
all right um where we have now this is
Jack are your kids still clogging it up
or have they cleaned up their potty
mouths fair enough they are now testing
so much and every time they cuts I laugh
and I know it's terrible but no now they
know now they are good they are straight
up cussing and just just swearing
constantly mmm
as long as my wife is at home cuz they
know they know that mom doesn't like
cousin but like the other day I was
truck we were driving somewhere and so
someone made a bonehead move and I you
know like I had to swerve out of the way
on a honk the horn I didn't swear yeah I
was like ah like guy and they're like
what happened I was like oh that guy was
driving he was driving like a dingus
well you know just look not bad language
then I was like oh yeah pulled out in
front of and they're like oh okay
and then my youngest one goes fucking a
car and I I mean I startled I of course
laugh and he picks up on that and he
then he just starts going fucking house
fucking dog fuck entire fuck and this
fucking that and I love it I think it's
hilarious yeah I like a little kid
swearing is hilarious
but I worry about catching on at school
and you you being blamed that is the
worry that is exactly the worry what's
what's the puzzle here is there's this
fan that sucks in my bombs and I'm gonna
say that up you need to get up there
that I need to bomb up there that's what
I'm assuming if you know do you block
the wind can the bomb be behind you oh
that's a good girl let me see if maybe
I'm just overthinking this and oh yeah I
just bombed this no this is come back
later with a new power no no this is a
puzzle this is a puzzle I hope so
this t-this feels like a puzzle so I
hate about Metroid you find the thing
and then you gotta come back later and
basically re Explorer because you don't
remember where the things you couldn't
get yet
cards I find that frustrating and
annoying yeah no it doesn't look like
you blocked the wind
I'm trying to think see if there's a way
like I can I officially hate power up
gates power up gates yeah yeah
can you get bombs to blow up early by
like dropping enough of them or
something weird that's what I'm checking
know what if they're not getting sucked
into the fan just know then you just
drive a second one okay but it's not
like if you drop a third then the other
one instant you up despite the timer
nothing like that I don't think so oh
you know what maybe I gotta shoot it
with
Jack you can move those blocks somehow
move what blocks either the pink ones
are the gray one I'm not sure the pink
ones you get through with with these
bombs that I'm not worried about what
I'm thinking here is right above this
fan like right here or you know right
above where my ball is is there's a
block that I have to bomb to get through
oh yeah oh and you know what actually we
can confirm this yep
oh that's how we do it all right we have
a super power in this one where we can
uh yeah or we can see that's it okay
that's how you do it how does that do it
okay that's how that doesn't that's how
that does it there we go
more missiles need more missiles okay
there we go that's how you do it
everything's fine Namah says hey Lewan
is about crisp crazy religious aliens
who think that a space weapon they find
is a spiritual artifact that should
destroy earth the music / gameplay hold
it well and the story stands well on its
own if it's on PC that might not be a
bad like if I can get them all on PC I
would I would try it that might not be a
bad let's look back at the first Halo
game
you know hey we've heard about this halo
game before man is that a powerup down
there I think so we've heard the kids
talk about this halo game you get one on
two and PC but can I get three four and
five whatever other ones they're gonna
come out with on peace
I do not playing that shit with a
controller
all right urban crisis is a rush I
watched your wrath of the chosen stream
have you played any more off-camera
thoughts on new mechanics thanks to the
entertainment you guys I've planted a
lot more off-camera at this point it
took me a while to warm up to war of the
chosen and I'm still warming up to it
this I have some grievances like I have
I have mixed feelings about the fatigue
system and in XCOM uew and the original
non expanded XCOM - you could just have
one group of soldiers with you
that you bring on every mission kind of
you're 18 top players yeah Tap Dogs and
you can't really do that in war of the
chosen because if you bring your
soldiers I'm like one one to like a
couple missions in a row or one big
mission in a row uh-huh they will be too
tired and it becomes risky to bring them
on other missions sure so I I miss
running with some of my favorites every
mission well that's always that's that's
the negative the positive is yeah it
does add depth hmm like I have I now
have to actually manage a full roster
you can't rely I can't rely on as get
the big dogs one or two other ones case
someone's injured now I need I need to
work on having a somewhat full roster oh
okay I know that that's always been one
of the strongest points you've talked
about XCOM is that it does make you fall
in love it makes you fall in love with
the characters and the fatigue systems
attracts from that but you can't bring
those characters you love on every
mission so that is it is deeper but adds
tactical it adds depth to the game
the chosen themselves like the boss
characters mm-hmm conceptually I I don't
mind the fights with them as characters
they are so extraordinarily lame they
they they they bring the b-movie element
of it up to 11
it's so super fucking cheesy now with
those characters hmm I I hate them as
characters sure sure
though I don't mind what they do
gameplay wise okay this really tough
enemy that can show up on a mission nice
they need to shut up they needed to they
needed to not give them personalities
yeah and their speech should've all been
just an alien language you don't
understand and that would have gone a
long way towards solving any problems I
have with them but as characters I
despise them and those are my two major
thoughts on XCOM war the chosen which
I'm still playing through
those are those seem like good thoughts
though rich I seem like fine quality
thoughts make them sound like the sims
well with some reverb I mean you make it
sound like scary aliens sure but or
creepy aliens but you don't have to have
the fucking b-movie dialogue it's awful
it's fucking awful
the best story elements in XCOM are
always the ones that happened in your
own head right I remember
so they need to shut the fuck up hey
that's favorite I think that's a fair
critique
we getting a prereq episode on XCOM or
the chosen probably not I know jack
already didn't like X come to I don't I
don't think or the chosen is going to
change his mind it's it's tough because
like you know I I there's a lot that I
like about it I mean I I think you guys
know from the war the Troezen stream I
could spend all day playing dress-up
with those soldiers mm-hmm just all day
I would love that
rich did you like Anarchy shield Rijn
cosmetics that was one of the expansions
4x come to the anaphase children yeah no
I despise it they added a bunch of silly
Mad Max outfits and Mohawks and and you
you couldn't turn it off from them
sometimes randomly spawning in on new
soldiers you would find and so then you
have you know you there was like a
slider bar and you couldn't turn it off
completely though for whatever reason I
tried to turn it off completely and
every now and then I'd get a new soldier
had like a mohawk and a fucking football
shoulder pad with spikes on it for no
fucking reason get that shit out of my
ex job that you couldn't turn off yeah I
hated anarchist children huh yeah I
think I want to say didn't I give I gave
our sniper and our keys children stuff
and then we were really bummed because
we wanted to give her different pants
but because she had the top on yeah I
couldn't give her different pants there
was a lot of user made mods at the time
that were just normal military equipment
headsets and helmets and clothes and it
was all great and far better than
anything that was in a Turkey's children
which is all this just silly crap
a slider bar is not bad look if the
slider bar for the anarchy children's
outfit if you can turn it off completely
I wouldn't have minded so much but I
remember turning it off and you would
still get the fucking Mohawks
rich don't want no silly crap and his
alien invasion video games yeah I think
I think they had a pretty good tone to
start with XCOM mm-hmm why mess with
what ain't broken it wasn't necessarily
you know 100 percent serious I mean they
had little grey aliens crawling around
but at the same time it wasn't silly
b-movie right it was B movie but B movie
that kind of had the characters take
what was going on seriously
sure I'm the chosen by the special
people and I am honorbound to destroy
XCOM commander I will get you personally
in the character fucking shut up warp is
that you Worf is that you it's not just
were vowels all those characters
do I recommend getting the expansion
then I'm still into it let's think of
what I like about it oh they I'm having
issues with the time missions the time
dress the time missions there's less of
them by the way I can't like the time
missions in X time - originally okay at
the time I said I was kind of amazed how
they balanced it the time missions in
the vanilla on you know dlc x time -
yeah i was consistently finishing them
with like one turn left yeah and i was
amazing how well they balanced him
whenever i get a time mission and war of
the chosen I'm fucked
really yeah I there's no there's a like
an option in the menu to make the game
easier double the turn limits uh-huh
which I wouldn't want to double them
either but them's like either that or
can't finish them right
so I'm actually playing with all the
time limits doubled just so you can
finish this like I can finish those
missions yes oh and then and then you
probably feel like a schlub because
you're ending in so much time well
chance it's not time like you have two
minutes to finish it it's like timed in
the sense that you only get seven turns
to get to the objective yeah
and I I think what's going on is were
the chosen they have a new special
soldier as far as I know you can only
get one at a time I'm not sure about
that though I've only gotten one of the
Reapers and they're like a stealth unit
I think they want you to abuse them on
time missions it would be really
annoying if it were balanced the time
missions on me having to have this one
specific unit type okay I think that's
what they did and I kind of hate it that
would suck
it's gonna farm this little pop up guy
for help get the reaper perk of time
limits on reveal timer doesn't start
until you break and seal so then you
need the reaper soldier yeah that's
that's a terrible idea
but if you don't have a reaper what if
my reapers tired because there's fatigue
no and that a time mission comes up what
if it's early game and I haven't gotten
that perk yet I had AI basically some
really bad early games sure and were
they chosen because of the timer being
it's completely horribly balanced no but
you said it like overall you are liking
it more I don't know what I'm saying
more yet I know initially you I I mean
my initial thoughts where I said I'm not
sure I'm liking it
yeah I remember that well see what we'll
see how I feel in like another two weeks
it's been growing on me all the time
okay
no no rich it's a reaper order but works
on any soldiers alright well I don't
have it so fat lot of good it does make
and if being able to complete a time
mission relies on the RNG giving you
this one order you can use then I think
that's a terrible idea
I did find one of those orders that
reduces the time they're tired by 20% I
hit I haven't gotten a chance to use it
yet I'll be able to use the next in-game
mom
