Mario Sans Iliad. (Mario Odyssey part 1)
October 29, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3zEoHXJ9WuY

I hit the button headed it's on we're
good
past time time to go about to do a quick
volume check you know game volume is
always so tricky everybody's different
everybody feels different about it you
know game volume like does it's it's too
loud for me it's I can't hear it at all
for me refresh your page we are live hey
yo everybody last stream someone was
making one was mentioning our camera
yeah and about how it seems to get worse
and worse with every stream mmm and yeah
as I was cutting up the stream into
YouTube episodes it did look a little
fuzzy so I did double check the focus
just to make sure we were focuses focus
I don't know uh-huh so tell us if we
look crisp and clear so we what time you
say we're certain we technically early -
oh rich we are about 45 minutes early
I'd you know cuz I wasn't sure exactly
when I'd get here so I said we weren't
gonna start til 7:00 nice because of my
adventure well no that was even before I
always see where that was smart thinking
Jack yes
smart thinkin wait but your focus was
off on the last one your depth of field
is showering the DS there you're
clearing out oh thanks Tiberius we're
clear now yeah you know what it may be
like it did an autofocus thing and we
got out of focus but would you like to
tell them about your adventure
III Karen had a flat tire on the way to
see her mother right I'd to go out we're
on the somewhere on the highway and find
Karen and change your tire yep much like
Mario rich had to rescue a damsel in
distress where are you at as a sign that
says there's a barn I see a barn this is
one of them one of the wonderful things
about about Wisconsin or at least the
Milwaukee area they don't fucking
believe in street signs here and it's
the most obnoxious
thing major major fucking streets won't
have a fucking street sign that you know
since the fury a sometimes when you're
at an intersection you can't find the
street sign they don't exist
it's really tough yeah yeah you guys
being early is a sign of the end times I
know it's weird we're early so I was
sure I would be super late yeah yeah cuz
you were helping Karen change the tire
and the crows fuck fuck I'm very sorry I
thought I thought I was gonna snap the
the bolt the part with the threading off
you trying to get those those nuts off
hmm I thought I was gonna snap the bolt
I'm glad you didn't I am too and that
would have been horrible
I think Karen's also glad you yeah but
you made it back in time it wasn't it
wasn't as far as I thought I know I knew
she was heading down in near the
Chicagoland area so I thought you were
gonna have to drive a heck of a way but
you weren't too far it was so hard to
get this nut stuff I was like worried
that I was gonna break something I
thought I think some kind of fancy nuts
that don't come off via normal means
something special you need to do oh wait
a special the key I was saying you
earlier I have actually uh at one point
I was changing a tire I had a flat and
my my nuts were so corroded that I
actually snapped my tire iron my tire I
put my tire iron on the lug nut and it
wouldn't move so I actually stepped on
top of it and used my entire bodyweight
to like jiggle it right right and
instead of the nut moving my tire iron
flowered like flayed open I almost went
to not quite jumper to step on it and do
one of those but I don't know it's
definitely gonna break but yeah yeah
yeah so I got the nuts off finally
listen alright that's the hard part
ya could take the wheel off off
take the wheel off Oh what the fuck
hey couldn't even get the real fucking
wheel without the nuts was so corroded
it was stuck on Oh I had to I had a hand
screw the nuts I'm just not too tight
yeah then just drive the car back and
forth bit basically into the wheels
snapped off on the flat on the flat yeah
yeah go back to classic you need you
need the the sombrero and pop you are
you not starting a new game huh are you
not starting a new game I'm not start a
new game playing I mean uh I don't know
I couldn't find an area here where you
could open up a new save file like you
know really how normally you pick yours
I couldn't find that one listening and
I'm sure there's a way to do it but I
don't want to I don't want to waste it
like I already have a shit ton of moons
in here so I'm probably gonna go to a
new area this is the desert area pretty
awesome you throw your hat rich that's
the thing with this one you throw your
hat yeah so what's the deal with the
city this city no no new donc city I
haven't been there yet okay so that's
not like the hub world or even no no no
there is no hub world that's everyone
thought I was gonna end up and like the
hub world or something oh yes I thought
I'd see it like I didn't even worry
about that like here's a taxi driver
mm-hmm and here's my big problem is just
like I don't like seeing a real human
next tomorrow it's fine that's super
creepy you know super you know what it
is it's super weird and interesting it's
weird like here looking like Amina and a
in a cartoon sugar skull I'll of it
because we're both cartoons I I think
it's a neat juxtaposition it's kind of
like almost like a joke
kind of as a bit it's a gimmick yeah but
it's neat it's weird can I jump on it
yep
I can't I can't become this man I can't
throw my hat on this man and become him
I can't jump on him okay I have I've not
been able to play any of this yet
okay because Karen has insisted upon two
things one we have to watch the World
Series
I don't mind I like the road sir I know
you like baseball are you rooting for
any particular team I am I'm not really
I am rooting for us for it to go seven
games okay it looks like it will oh it's
a really well played World Series uh-huh
and the other thing she insist on is
watching stranger things season two sure
she wanted to finish watching it before
she goes to her mother on Halloween so
it's like we gotta watch like three
episodes a night don't be scaring us you
got it you got it talk to that girl rich
and not only did we have to watch the
World Series I had to pay attention to
it sneak off to get some Mario time pls
no spoilers I'm assuming you're talking
about four stranger things season two
and not the World Series no you know in
oh we can talk in general but well
talking in vague generalizations I will
not spoil anything
III myself and Emily I'm only on the
fourth or fifth episodes oh hey dog
found me a moon great I I will say this
I got a moon season season one yeah
season one starts off great season one
yeah that that first episode of stranger
things pretty spot on yeah yeah yeah
then in my opinion season one it kind of
slows down in the middle okay starts
grinding there's too many characters and
too many stories and the development is
slow and and then you get to the last
like four episodes of strange and then
it kicks in it kid kicks in the last
three or four episodes of season one I
as first season was concerned not to get
into a big season one debate what you
call a slowdown I call a welcome
breather like what it's like it's like
three hours worth of breather but it's
it's it's three hours it's a lot of
breathe it's a lot of breather but it's
also setting up sure fine you need that
it's almost too much sure I'll say this
about season two yeah kind of the same
thing only doesn't start with that
opening
Wow the first I think the first four
episodes of stranger things season 2 are
a bit of a slog yeah but then I get a
we're now in Atlanta that would we're
kicking into high gear here here's what
I will say without spoiling anything is
the first two episodes feel almost like
a prologue to season 2 but if the first
two episodes of stranger things season 2
without spoiling anything feel more like
an extended epilogue to the first season
well it's it's almost it's almost like
what people do were like hey let's do a
quick catch up on you know where our
characters are at like hey that was
vibrating Episode seven is so bad
Episode seven is great follow this doggy
around he keeps finding me treasures
we're talking about season two right oh
I'm still I'm still into it I I liked a
lot of the a lot of the first episodes
just because I just because I like the
world and I like the characters and so
like for me a lot of it was just like oh
it's so nice seeing like my favorite
can't my gang my gang of the characters
oh that hopper he's easy so he's a you
know riding the delay razor's edge I'm
running with the dog this is the first
I'm hearing that people hate every
episode seven I was totally into Episode
seven I got to watch it and I got to
watch it we're not gonna spoil it don't
get into it wake up
wake up computer thank you there's some
fantastic character development 411 I
don't get into a please I'm not getting
in any details of the event I liked it
and yet I'm seeing multiple comments
from people who did not and I find that
weird it was one of the highs of the
season to me people are crazy I'm
enjoying it so far i I think hey again I
don't want to get into too many spoilers
but like I feel like they're pulling out
some of the same tricks that they used
in season 1 only less effectively didn't
you feel like it was really disconnected
and certainly related to wrestle that's
like the first four episodes to me
nothing felt related to anything else in
the first four episodes do you care
about how their episode 7 is setting up
for the future well there's only nine
episodes right yeah
it's setting up for the future added
some great character development 411 you
people are all muds I believe that I
believe that all right I think I'm gonna
go through a new area cuz I've already
like I've already look at all the moons
I've gotten in here I've been rocking oh
you actually you know what I'm gonna go
buy some boxer shorts cuz I think Mario
should be in boxer shorts if you're
gonna be Mario you need to be my round
boxer folks
it was it was one of my favorite
episodes you people are all crazy there
they are you know there its up crazy all
the time rich all right now we're in
around we're in our Underpants we're
ready to go I will when after I watch
all of season 2 I will let you know
whether or not rich is wrong and we can
have a decent yes you won't I know you
well enough you won't yeah yeah we'll
have a decent discussion on why either
rich is wrong or you the chat is wrong
well we'll talk about that I think you
are going to agree with me
ok that's 7 episode 7 is great we'll see
there's a rich there's just no way to
know I'm a man of mystery
yeah see so I hit a fork in the road we
can go to the lake Kingdom or the wooded
Kingdom let's go to the wooded Kingdom
so here you know we start out here's
where we started off for it's in the cap
kingdom yeah
is that it's a kingdom made out of hats
and the kid a cascade Kingdom a little
level sand Kingdom that's where I just
was now we're gonna go to the wooded
Kingdom I'm going to the wooded Kingdom
I'm in my underpants and we're going to
the woods let's go well we will talk
spoilers eventually so I don't want to
get into the details of some of the
stuff you're talking about yeah so we'll
get into this now let's not do that now
let's not do that now here's what I can
talk here's what I can talk about
changing the subject slightly yeah I
watched the other day
kuk-ja and did you watch ok ah no that's
the Netflix original no I have not about
the super pig
I have certainly not watched that okay
it's got Tilda Swinton in it and Jake
Gyllenhaal and some other people of note
and it was it's a Netflix original movie
and they were so proud of this movie
they actually showed it at con the con
Film Festival okay the hoity-toity
highfalutin arty-farty con Film Festival
and when the Netflix logo popped up they
got booed you know like produced by
Netflix they got booed because people
think that Netflix is killing movies
even though they're the ones investing
most inartistic movies stranger things
is better than anything that's come out
in a theater in years I know for the
most part the artists don't like change
and they say well you're taking movies
out of the movie theaters even though
this movie
good.you you made is is is artistic as
fine I'm ready to say goodbye the movie
theater of course of course everyone is
and you know Netflix is really good at
giving their creators just carte blanc
like just do whatever the fuck you want
right make whatever movie were Netflix
we don't give a fuck and so they made
this movie called jaw about us about a
genetically modified super pig and the
girl who grew up with them and loves him
her Luke Jezza her and and the wacky
adventures that happen when Luke has to
go back to the big city to be
slaughtered yeah and and it's very bad
it's very bad movie it's it's basically
it's a it's the problem with it is it's
a one-note movie well the entire purpose
of the movie is is to say we think that
mass slaughter houses mass farms that
make our food is bad it's like a less
subtle babe it's a it it's it's like
someone wrote babe on a shovel and then
stacked you over the faces mass ponds
are bad yeah so yeah it was it was
pretty you know let's watch something
stranger things hadn't come out yet
so we needed something to watch and we
tried to watch that said you can buy a
you can buy a 70-inch TV now
what the fuck do you need a big-screen
theater experience for with a bunch of
noisy assholes an overpriced popcorn
yeah jack is looking for the phrase
factory farming sure factory farming you
know what the problem is and this won't
be a problem for very long but there
there's actually I think a difference in
making a movie for the theater-going
experience versus making a movie for the
home theater experience okay like when
when you make a movie for the theater
experience you are hoping for audience
reaction time right so I bet in the Edit
you are trying to tailor that so like oh
maybe we should have a beat here for
audience reaction like oh if there's a
laugh moment let's have you know beat
for the laughs but tailoring a movie for
the home viewing experience is a very
different process I can only imagine hmm
and so what you have here is all these
artists I don't I don't want I don't
want any stranger things spoilers going
on here in the chat all right but one of
these days we're gonna have ourselves a
big conversation about stranger things
season 2 episode 7 which is absolutely
fantastic
oh and one of these days soon I'm like I
said I'm four or five episodes in so
it's gonna happen the season is only
nine fucking episodes not not only a
good episode but some absolutely
necessary and great character
development for eleven we'll get there
rabbit hey come here
come here come here what
I killed a rabbit got a moon well shit
that's great sometimes you get moons in
this game for seemingly very odd things
got some bolts correct oh great I was
half paying attention backwards oh yeah
to do this are great great rich we're
doing great
we are Mario and Underpants we're doing
great
Oh oh shit that hurts us okay okay okay
okay that kind of kind of makes you miss
uh your jetpack I miss flood I miss
flood horribly you know flood was a
great mechanic
I agreed especially like the be like jet
pack or a half jet pack floating around
a device you loved flood loved him I
loved sprang in front of you and then
sliding for extra speed that felt
awesome
how do you like the game until now
hey I mean you can see how far I am into
it not very so you know here basically
here's the here's the big give is you
get to take over people's bodies which
is weird
Temari as a creeper
Oh gotta move you know it's it's a
platformer and it's a pretty during good
platformer as far as the like they try
to fit they try to like shove a bunch of
motion controls in that I don't
necessarily care about I don't so I
don't like that part of it oh there's a
lot of motion controls in this yeah it's
supposed to work a lot better if you
have if you have your joy comes operated
but I'd like like here like if you
stretch it they need to do that can you
add joy concise I'm assuming you can use
the classic controller oh I mean yeah I
use the regular controller but they say
it works better if you have the joy
Commons Nintendo we don't like your
motion control gimmick grandma like them
for five minutes when she thought she
was bowling no one else liked it thank
you rich it's true it's not the future
it's the past yeah so they're still
trying to shove that down our throats
and I don't like that but uh overall its
overall it's fine I'm not necessarily
blown away yet but I don't hate it I
mean how could you tomorrow it's fucking
it's a platformer shit it was barely the
past oh how old is the Wii over a decade
now right it's the Wii 2007 or 2006
motion controls are the past my friend
the past the
gotcha moon ya motion controls overpass
no one does that anymore no one want no
one wants it no one does it you know
what a Microsoft is officially giving up
rich the Kinect
oh because motion controls are ass but
that never took off and nobody ever
liked other than grandma five minutes
see ya
oh it's alright
yeah motion controls no one likes them
no one likes me I don't like him you
don't like him nobody likes him I'm with
you 100%
alright let's forget how to do things
does Maria have a breath meter now yeah
you know he says look I know this played
a mario game knows that Mario can hold
his breath indefinitely you know it's
his superpower he's always out of breath
meter no he hasn't
you never play one of the water levels
in the original 2d Mario game oh well
those water levels this totally count Oh
I mean he's had a breath meter before
those games come on this shit oh he's
had a breath meter he like he had a
breath meter in sunshine
but in sunshine coins usually it's coins
that give you your breath back which is
literally wrong about everything
I'd say rich is better taste than you do
boom motherfucker rich is a man of
wealth and tastes
I only say that because I've had that
song stuck in my head all day for no
particular reason you know that song
please meet you won't you guess my name
what does that wonder let me introduce
myself I'm a man of wealth and tastes
pleased to meet you I don't want you
guess my name oh you know that one
yeah I'm not typically good with music
but I do know what you're doing now oh
shit hey give me a mic give my hat back
dickhead
can you hit him
fucking flowers don't you just kick them
needs that's fun
fucking Piranha Plants will
that's okay what's over here who are you
all so anybody who wants to say that
this game is more important or more
thematic 'el than something like Super
Mario Brothers 3 i am legit curious
which has sold more copies there's those
those fucking Mario 2d Mario games back
in the day were ridiculously popular
there were fucking riots over Super
Mario Brothers 2 yeah but Christmas how
how many more people had consoles you
know probably more now they're not
wheeze because nobody goes you should
about this they gave a shit about that
then I give a shit about this as much I
do this looks fun I'm not saying this
shit a lot of people seem to give a shit
about this port I'm talking about people
pooh-poohing the old games you can't put
booty on someone in the chat someone is
some dickhead hey give me my hat back
thank you
someone in the chat some one of the
chats a dickhead that's what I have to
say someone in the chip is it no one is
doing that one person did a while back
there you go I was reading the chat damn
it and I saw it dammit I was reading the
chat dammit
dammit dammit I'm sucking that's okay
there's a way it goes which is extremely
grumpy dick not I think he's exactly as
grumpy as he always is unless I'm less
grumpy today
yeah yeah okay it's a decent world
series going on I enjoyed myself some
stranger things season 2 no honestly how
can anybody be sad when stranger things
season 2 is there going except for the
people who don't like an episode nope
you're saying I'm grumpy by the way I'm
the one who likes stranger things season
- who's the who's the fucking grumpy
asshole now oh it's you chat it happens
you this episode 7 of stranger things
season 2 is the best part about stranger
things season 2 almost
you found one episode bad that's why
you're grumpy and that's why you hate
everything yeah Chad why do you got a
death mullah why do you hate everything
death moment why do you hate everything
it's like like just take some time and
enjoy it you know why don't don't about
things you don't like
death mullet and only talk about things
you do like and if you do like him you
better like I'm so fucking much chap
episode 7 of stranger things season 2 in
my opinion was like more interesting
than the other episodes that came before
it
interesting this is yes this is still
this is still spoiler free am I saying I
like something more than other people
seem to have liked it is not a spoiler
I'm sorry I need a look at that but I
don't like things another man when I
like something Jack what the fuck is
going on but these paper can't win you
can't win ever
you can't win ever the what went up on
youtube today the playing of The Witcher
3 went up on youtube today
yeah and all the comments on my
playthrough of Witcher 3 are Jack don't
play the game if you don't like it Jack
stop playing the game if you don't like
it even though the whole point of me
playing that was to say yeah like well
we I brought that up though in the
stream that might be just referencing
that maybe I don't know I don't think
people pay attention I'm not willing to
give them any benefit of the doubt
I think they just started typing before
they actually watched anything I'm
really I am I'm legitimately shocked
people did not like stranger things
season 2 episode 7 I am I am
legitimately shocked that was one of the
high high high points of the season for
me for me I'm getting excited I'll be
able to watch it one of these days I'll
be able to watch it one of these days
I love this look at her walking around
those tall eggs the stream is freezing
it's probably going to crash eventually
crashing it can't be considered a real
prereq stream unless something breaks
but you know we're usually shit god what
are you people in the chat hate
everything I hate everything Jack Chad
just hates everything this grumps it's
like you know something rub you old men
sometimes can't you chat just enjoy
something
Oh like this is a this is a thing you
know this is about general collective
thumbs and not specifically mario
odyssey but a lot of times I'll just
find I'll just come across the moon and
it says hey you did it and I didn't know
that it was the thing I needed to do it
wasn't like I didn't know it was a
challenge and I'm not saying that's a
super bad thing it's just a weird like
oh I came across the moon I guess I was
just doing a normal thing and I came
across the moon that's not I'm not
saying it's necessarily a bad thing but
yeah you know I do I do like to know
what the objectives are of a given thing
who's your favorite stranger things
character uh 11 is is probably I guess
it's not quite television but 11 might
be the most interesting character on TV
at the moment there's some hoppers fine
Oh season 2 kind of ruins dusty which
one's Dustin the one with the teeth
issues though though he had some there
you know like it's tough because there
are some things that I want to talk
about right now and I know you've seen
it but but we'll get into spoiler
I enjoyed Dustin in season 1 Dustin was
always at every moment he was the
sensible one he knew what was going on
with his friends even when they didn't
she he had he had his head on the ground
sure and season 2 he's borderline comic
relief uh no not bored he is comic
relief which I'm fine with because I
think he's very funny he wasn't before
huh he wasn't really comic relief before
no he well I mean he was he was he was
comically the season I agree that he was
also sensible but yes he wasn't he was
comic relief I I'll tell you what and I
know what a lot of people didn't like
her but I fucking loved Winona Ryder in
season one yeah I loved her I thought
she played crazy mom
so what I'll say I'll say this about
Winona Ryder in season one yeah that is
my mother if my mother lost one of her
kids she is that that would have been my
mother had me or one of my siblings been
missing that is that is spot-on by the
way me too yeah me too a hundred percent
and like I know some people said that
she was like Oh too over-the-top or no
sins like you have never met that kind
of lady before yeah wenona writer played
her to the tee absolutely goddamn
perfect and so like I I was like but I'm
terrible with names I don't even
remember like mom
Joyce Joyce I fucking love Bob Sean
Astin Johnson tell oh yeah but watch for
yucca try not to spoil much unless I'm
just saying Sean Astin is in season two
his name is in the credits that's not a
big split guy he plays a character
called Bob he's a character called Bob
and he makes perfect sense fucking love
him he brings the goddamn smile to my
face every time steal his character no
no it just makes perfect sense
yes yes it does and it's great
as far as season two is concerned I'm
just trying to think whoa whoa Mario
slow down yeah it's it's a show full of
good characters but in like I guess
that's to me season one its strength was
the amount of characters I liked even
the even the dickhead teenagers had
their own thing they had their own
storyline everyone was doing their own
thing
steve is super likable no but even in
season one Steve like he he had his
notes and he had a little character it
wasn't the kirkegaard he was somewhat
redeemable but I still didn't like him
that much
oh sure season two makes me actually
legitimately like Steve okay yeah I
could be with it I'm here with you there
but there's there's so much to enjoy
those duffer brothers they know what's
up
I just know what's up yes this is no
spoiler we're talking we're talking the
other season one or we're talking about
the show in the most general vague way
possible we're not revealing any plot
points or any specifics like I like
so-and-so in season two is not a spoiler
no the chats bringing up Lando and
Dustin I guess that's their argument for
why he's comic relief yet at the same
time Dustin was 100% right with his
Lando comment he was saying that Hopper
was gonna pull a Lando Trey them which
he absolutely did in season one so once
again Dustin was the sensible one yeah
he talkin he's a he's a kid so he
referenced it as Lando yeah but he was
still 100% right but like and grounded
if anyone if anyone was the comic relief
in season one it was Dustin he's just a
kid though he was a funny kid but
compared to the others he was the
sensible one
no we need 11 because she has
superpowers he can't do this he was
always saying something that made
absolute sense can't he be both the
sense of the one and sure sure you can
but in season two he's just the comic
relief he's no longer the sensible one
so far I'll agree with you okay
obviously I've only seen I'm only on
Episode four maybe five I forget you
know what's weird is I've been spending
so much time watching Netflix shows that
are only a half an hour the majority of
my binge watching the past few months
has all been half-hour programs watch it
look quick one like watching an hour
program again blew my mind it was like
watching a movie oh my god this is so
long and so like to me it's like oh it's
only nine episodes but of course it's
nine hours in television it's fucking
great
all right so are we at her I suppose
we're moving on from stranger things
talk let's move on from strangers boiler
free stranger things dog haven't I know
I want to emphasize there's a couple
things I really want to talk about so I
maybe even Wednesday whatever you want I
don't care it'll do spoilery free throw
up a novel throw up an alert absolutely
yeah are these guys our reference to the
rabbits Nintendo is Nintendo essentially
trying to steal the rabbits
Nintendo has gone full rabbit we can do
rabbits no yeah they like the game with
the bunnies we're gonna do our own
bunnies and fuck will be solved this is
some fine cross-promotion here rich it's
probably just the happenstance move
faster camera Chad I said before maybe 3
was my favorite one your favorite
character you named a bunch of
characters you enjoyed and I think he
said 11 was your favorite if they're
talking about I someone's still like a
point-and-click if you're talking about
the Space Quest I mean three is my
favorite three is your favorite space
yeah okay
are they new in Odyssey who are the
rabbits
yeah these rabbits are new these were
okay so story wise I know that's what's
really important people for Mario games
story wise Bowser kidnapped the princess
and is going to try to marry her and the
rabbits are the evil wedding planners
this is true rich this is a true thing
all right and so they're they're the
evil wedding planners crane hen Christ's
sake
great hand Christ I read several
articles that said you couldn't do all
the moves without using the joy cons you
can those journalists are idiots this
game is perfect with the pro controller
it is there well there's a couple things
where it's it's harder and so like for
example you can when you throw your hat
you can do an automatic homing or this
forced motion shit in this game you
can't this here's the button you hit the
button and it makes sense well so it's
like you can there's something I'm
trying to think I think the this this
one that move you need to physically
spin Tendo so like I don't think so
crane hem Christ I'm gonna say you're
wrong because I don't think there is a
way to do that move where you spin it
around you where hold on let me try to
there this one I don't think there's way
you can spin it around you without
physically moving your control well no
they're saying you need the club the joy
cons can you do that with the classic
controller does that have motion yes but
you have to move it sure that's not what
they're saying what acronym they're
saying that they're saying review has
said that you don't get all of the moves
without the joy cons specifically reread
that our or link us to that article
because they might have just meant
motion controls bud yeah I cuz I use the
pro controller at home somebody saying
you can do it without motion control
I don't know I'm looking spin Mario then
press white okay oh shit you're right
hey yup nice I figured it would be
something like that like okay I'm trying
to think of okay hold on here maybe
here's one you can toss your hat up in
the air is there a way I can do that all
instead of moving a hog do like a food
tilt up
there's there's a way you can toss your
hat up into the air how do you do that
think about that it doesn't matter it
doesn't fucking matter I never tossed my
hat in the air anyway nothing matters
Oh what's this take picture of a hint
art I guess you can look at it any time
okay what am I supposed to learn from
that
I suppose you can't believe people
bitching about stranger things season 2
episode 7 I really I was legitimately
one of my high points of the season I I
want to be with you rich I do I do but I
can't Oh God
because I haven't seen it I you know my
taste pretty well and say if you say I
think you'll like it I've been wrong
before
okay there's probably something I'm
supposed to do with this thing
my guys gives me like rocket powers it's
pretty awesome
no way no no wonder if I can go up there
yes I can
oh there's gonna be a moon over here
every every world so you collect coins
and you can buy stuff with your coins
and every time you die you lose some
coins
well then every world has their own
world specific coins so there's stuff
that you can buy from the shops that are
that you can only spend world specific
coins on different outfits and stuff
hats different hats
you people who hate up a77 you're
probably the you're probably the same
jerks that that can't stand the the
preacher salvation storyline that's what
you people are damn woah rich one of the
best story lines they did but it was too
different and interesting
whoa rich now you've gone too far
the spoiler ground room rules are when
we decide we want to talk about it we'll
talk about it
yep we are we're being merciful tonight
a pleasure tack hasn't finished watching
the seasons well and it just came out
you know we're we're usually pretty
we're usually pretty cool about that it
just came out on Thursday you know Jay
disagrees oh I better change my opinion
then we always agree with a little Jay
says okay come on guys I mean first of
all come on Oh Jay disagrees never mind
do-do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do pecha got
played I'm not gonna I'm not gonna read
that out loud not because what you said
was wrong because we're trying to avoid
spoilers I'm just gonna say considering
the kind of things that stranger thing
homage is it's entirely appropriate
entirely appropriate yeah I would agree
with rich I don't even know he's talking
about I know
yeah I got out of your dick shit come
here man I need I need you shit I lost
my dude I need my dude rich I lost him
gotta go up and get another dude there's
a dude he's a dude she's dude we're all
dudes this coaxial on Tom looks
incredible boring sometimes like I said
a lot of times I don't really get why
I'm doing the thing I'm supposed to be
doing or like I don't quite understand
why like I got a moon but yeah it's fine
okay
it's a tank
can I be a tank ha see but then you get
to be a tank so who cares about anything
I get to be a fucking tank
Sean says Sean you got me to rebuy
stardew for the switch yeah and ignore
the apples despite it feeling like I
sure to help them sim firming up sim
farming is so much more fun without
those stupid bundles deciding my every
decision nope
there you go fuck the apples you know I
you kind of hate to say it cuz you know
yeah that's like then that's like the
holistic choice but sometimes it's like
fuck nature people first you know I
don't know like what you get special if
you do an all Apple run you get a soda
machine
oh you get a soda machine if you do the
Joe Joe Joe runs so what do you get if
you do it a seed running chat - do you
know can one of y'all look it up for me
is our do Wikia oh well you're playing
around with a seat here I think you're
talking about this what's Hebron uh
apple run in in star do look at when you
eat an apple run like only so apples I
know I mean I mean if you appease the
Apple spirits and star do Oh what do you
get what do you get if you get if you
appease all the apples peers you fix the
community center uh people hang out
there occasionally and it looks nice you
don't get anything you get the community
center yeah I don't I don't know that
you get anything that but I can remember
specific I don't know that you get
anything that you can't get through the
Joe Joe mark just paid pay for this
event right quest you get all the other
upgrades you do it for the community you
also get a statue that gives you gold
now you're talking I don't remember I
don't remember getting that statue and
you got although I know if you do the
grandpa quest you get a statute that
gives you a Rhydian woo which is worth
far more than gold fuck yeah radium is
worth that
correction gives iridium that's not the
community center that's the grandpa
quest
what's the grandpa quest grandpa shows
up at the end of your tunic and if you
the X number of this this or that you
you get the Statue of happiness that
gives you everything gives you iridium
that'd be nice like this is not one
specific thing you got to do for the
grandpa quest I think it's like that's
just like a score and there's n
different things oh sure how many how
happy are your pets how many people in
the town like you how many crops if you
sold what variety of crowded adds up to
some kind of score and if you're over
that score you get the statue
interesting the community center counts
towards grandpa's quest but not if you
do the Jojo warehouse yes but I don't
think you need the community center to
fill grandpa's quest I'm pretty sure you
could do it without huh oh oh I get I've
never had a fine groom bow before
apparently we're dropping a ton of
friends yay yeah we are dropping a ton
of friends why are we dropping a ton of
frames that's weird
why is mario running around his undies
because i bought his on the upgrade and
i think it's funny what do you what do
you get with the different outfits
nothing you get different outfits so
they're just cosmetic well uh and i said
you know i say that haphazardly okay
because in desert world there is one
moon that you need in order to get into
the area you need to be wearing the
sombrero and punch be culturally
insensitive outfit you cut yes you need
to be culturally insensitive an aim of
them is the mario slightly racist moon
so so that you know I got a moon because
of that button okay yeah saved me $400
they could have charged micropayments
for it oh god right they sure could have
if they wanted to and then one charging
station was working that's got to be a
clue atomic mousetraps US atomic both
trek I was going to chide you for not
playing a scary game for Halloween yep
but then I some Mario on his underwear
yeah yeah look at him his undies
it's funny I could change it back to his
regular Mario outfit if I really wanted
to but you know he's in his undies I do
like up off the top of my head like I do
feel like the levels are a little loose
if that's an appropriate word no no it's
not uh unfocused s-- the levels yeah
where it is more of a a collectathon
than a than just a an action platformer
and then all the 3d warriors you know I
feel like via maybe slightly less so
galaxies but I even feel like 64 in
sunshine every level had a specific
purpose you were still collecting stuff
but but they all had a specific purpose
and here I don't think what do you mean
by a specific purpose well if you do
like in this level you have to exactly
do this thing and that's what gets you
the surprise that's kind of sunshine and
galaxies that's not new that's not new
well no that's what I'm saying is in
here this is no fun and here this is
what in
it's just kind of like a what run around
and do some shit and eventually you'll
find some stuff oh well that sounds good
that sounds like it's more open-ended
yeah I'm not saying it as a negative I'm
saying I guess I am kind of saying it as
a negative I feel like it's a negative
here I liked the focus okay I like the
focus like oh I'll just go to this level
and I know what to do is low I mean
they're both fine approaches I don't I'm
not trying to hate on galaxy or sunshine
I like both of those games
first now this is a little bit more
open-ended and explore II that's it's
okay yeah it is okay it's just not
something I was really really one
more so for areas like this where it's
like oh I I I found a little I found a
little section where you know I'm sure
there's a treat up there because these
yeah climbing things and I fell down and
I got to walk my ass all the way around
to get back up here don't fall down well
right right fuck oh you fucked up that
but - the butt jump go all the way
fucking back around again I don't you
know I know I fucked it up but it didn't
feel like I've fucked it up dang it I'm
gonna I'm gonna move on to the next the
next day hey could you move on but
before that before that I just want to
close out by saying episode 7 of
stranger things season 2 it's fucking
amazing
you're mad man rich hello kaneto says
should I get Batman returned to Arkham
I'm a little turned off by how simple
the combat looks it remasters to Batman
games that I've never played and it's
only about 20 totally worth it unless
you have a a gaming PC at which point
you don't need any kind of remastered
editions the the PC versions of those
games are already the remastered
editions what is Batman return
everything I'm assuming it's a
re-release of the first two Batman
Arkham games for modern consoles which
like if you have a PC and the original
games it's a moot point did you just
turn the resolution off sure to what
your PC can handle and that's the
remastered edition ok but if if so if
they don't you are you think it's worth
it if you don't yeah it's worth it
oh god here we go again what you don't
like me saying true things about having
a PC fuck off I also fuck up like that
what rich was like what if this person
had a PC and didn't know that like and
thought that the remastered edition was
the only way that you could play them
riches which is giving out helpful hints
here oh great that
thank you
I kind of love being a tank alright um -
she says thanks so much guys for all the
good work and the fun I had watching
Earlham content thank you does she
yeah thank you did everyone enjoy our
spooky Halloween spectacular does
everyone understand why I was like hung
over three days after now did how do you
feel about yourself in that episode I I
I'm really really glad Jay was able to
cobble anything together
out of my my awful performance oh I I
think he made you look worse well I was
there and I'm pretty sure he made you
look worse than anything than you were a
pro you know what and and by the way I'm
okay with that because I know like
that's comedy that's what comes from I
know you said I wasn't that bad bad I
was there I was there I know I know but
holy moly
holy moly uh I I mean I had I had a lot
to drink
I had a lot to drink that day and who
like I said we got a fun episode out of
it that's all that really matters
but butthole golly Molly what was what
was love at my best and worst would have
been what we might pick some minute cuz
I've you know I wasn't in the discussion
it's true yeah
jack-o'-lantern would have been my my
winner yeah I I have I would not want to
destroy any of them though I did I did
not have a pick for Destruction my vote
would have been sparrow oh really yeah
interesting we got some entertainment of
vampire assassin we get Siri we but just
because we got entertainment doesn't
mean it's that's the point of the show
at the show wasn't entertaining
the ones I want to destroy are the ones
that were dull slugs sure and I can't
say that about vampire hunter I don't
know I think I think enough of vampire
Sasson was sloggy and enough of it
enough of it wasn't good enough well
yeah we got there was a lot to make fun
of which of course is nice but it was
bad enough for me where I was
comfortable destroying it hack O'Lantern
what that was just fun that was just a
fun movie oh hey what am I think going
III was so amused when we actually did
the text-to-speech and it had more
emotion than the actual actress right
wasn't that amazing oh my god that was
Hawaii you guys you guys you got I mean
you heard Jay did the the comparison the
hurt either comparison it was this that
that overdub of that poor actress was
god-awful
watching the episode it looked like Mike
looked off screen too rich before
choosing vampire assassins so I blame
rich they go now you know how it works
now you're on the money yeah my probably
just knew that rich would enjoy mic
picking vampire assassin I'm have we
seen thor ragnarok I don't believe it's
out here until Thursday night yeah yeah
even then I I don't know when it comes
out here soon soon soon but yeah it's
not out yet here in the states or in
Wisconsin and we don't get free
screenings or anything like that I'm
sure there's some way we we could find
out they used to do like critic
screenings at uw-milwaukee but you
needed like official credit just showing
it into them hey there's a way we can
know I mean there's not there's a mic
Meghan J do not get free screenings no
no we don't get anything before it came
out yep
valiums
sulfate says hi rich hijack valium
sulfate renamed valiums sulfate did
either of you notice and stranger things
season 2 episode for about 24 minutes in
someone accidentally walks in the frame
from the right side of the screen this
is this is nothing I noticed I'm sorry
yeah sorry dude I've seen it I've seen
episode before but I know not what you
speak I know not what you speak of
Boyd beats assange I thought this game
was supposed to be on that GT a new dog
city shit this just looks like another
Mario game it's it's Mario
it's another Mario game it's called
Super Mario people really lost their
shit about that new dog city stuff in
there I mean I think it's weird when
Mario is next to a person I weird an
interesting in my opinion and it
obviously did not look like it was going
to be the whole game right out of it is
this mario stuff in the mario game right
but it smarter but real person so
obviously this was going to be just like
sonic 2007 patterns because of you know
that one's superficial similarity
patterns mario confirmed for weird
little deformed goblin and that's the
thing is i just assumed that mario was
how people looked in Mario's universe
that he was a people big fucking deal
and he's not a people he's and he's not
like and so he's not where is he from
is there a hub world in this no there's
not a hub world in this there you're you
could you have a magic flying ship and
it takes you to different worlds
taking all the flowers okay
yeah this is all supposed to be doing
it's like it's like complaining that
Goofy's a person and Pluto's a dog
that's it that's a valid complaint that
is an absolute valid complaint you have
to dog things one gets rights and one
does not
maybe maybe okay ma'am how about this
maybe Pluto is like a person but he's
just into some like weird fetish thing
he's actually Mickey's lover how can i
centered this that that just speaks to
our point I think about like how it's
weird
Oh like what he does talk Mickey just
yells at him Oh Papa to slaves
that's gonna it's gonna be a hot one
today
when's our stream being shut down these
need to be here any moment not our
number one what would Pluto safeword be
even have a safe word he likes it rough
oh my god yes you horrible person that's
that's the greatest joke ever you did it
you won you won all the jokes rich
then I talked about how awesome stranger
things season I've heard you know what
I've heard really good things about
episode 7 like the rest of the season is
kind of mad but I've heard like episode
7 is where it's at that's what I've
heard
cannot confirm
laughing
valiant bloodshot says valiant bloodshot
our favorite cosplayer any interest in
Justice League at this point no since
the test screenings have gone well or do
you think that's all lies in bullshit
also have you played Alan Wake that's
like a Twin Peaks game I have not no he
I am I'm I wouldn't say I'm interested
I'm curious at what kind of Frankenstein
monster is gonna be that's having
started off as a Zacks probably of 100%
Zack Snyder blue-tinted fucking slog of
awfulness and then would joss whedon
grafted on after the fact
what was he able to like I'm I'm
interested in in pure academic standards
like I want to figure out what's Joss
what's Zack what how did they like I
can't wait to see the monster I'd be
rich that's it's because it's going to
be interesting no matter what and what
is it it's a hundred and what they just
announced like it's like a hundred and
fifty minutes okay and it and it has a
lot of work to do and who knows if
they're gonna get it all done yeah
there's an Alan Wake a fucking cinematic
game that doesn't have an actual
gameplay cuz it can go fuck itself it
might be
you know or it might be it can crawl
them to the grave that Naughty Dog is
digging for gameplay
Alan Wake has good combat in shit it's a
good game I don't know I don't know that
I trust you on this chap linking
indeed devs have hurt gameplay far more
the only thing keeping videogames alive
for me right now
Jesus Christ
triple-a shit but every now and then you
can count on a fucking dead cells or a
heat signature or something to come
along and actually have a unique game
idea that's not a some regurgitating
shit from fucking ten years ago with a
with a cinematic gaming slapped on top
of it but rich it's a third-person sure
it's a third-person shooter and the
textures are amazing you get 30 frames a
second at 720p it's amazing who gives a
fuck about about heat signature doing
something new and interesting or fucking
dusk errs thinking of a whole new way to
interact with the world around fuck all
that or shuffle night bringing retro
gaming to its knees or the fucking
people who have given us procedural
generation as a new and interesting way
to play games over and over and over
again fuck all that the mario this is
the part of the game where you walk into
the kitchen you look in the drawer and
then an X button comes up and then you
pick up the piece of paper that's in the
drawer and then the character picks it
up and turns it around or maybe you can
hit the stick to make a turn like
sideways just like this and then I'll
put it back in and then the next what
happens where you have to walk into the
living room and then you want you walk
you have to walk up to the TV because
it's really the only other thing you
could do in the room then you go up to
the TV and then the thing comes out fuck
cinematic gaming but rich during all
that you also get a cutscene it's about
characters it's about it's about it's
about the story
the brutal x' they're here okay great
blinking which is too cranky tonight
I've been proclaiming my love for shit
all mine this is the same shit rich
always makes fun of ooh aren't you a
weird-looking thing yeah why am I
talking about those things because
people ask me about this shit because
people ask us about this shit and then
they complain when we talked about it
and if we don't talk about it people
complain that we don't read the chat and
talk about things in chat so what do you
want for what do you want from us they
want us to agree with them actually feel
yes that's exactly what they want and
you know it's just not gonna happen
get it together people what what
I found a zipper that was weird that
wall had a zipper on it we know wasn't
the stranger things to finale cradle
almost spoiler free stream let me talk
in depth about the finale a stranger
thinks he's not ended and it ended great
I mean the last four episodes are
fantastic it's a bit slow and getting
there but I said similar things about
season 1 I'm looking forward to it you
know I'm like I said I'm four maybe five
episodes and maybe I forget yeah
sometimes that's the problem with the
binge is you're not sure exactly where
you are in relation to everyone else but
you know so far I'm digging it these
things these things are everywhere
that's gonna be a thing later
it's weird that this level has zippers
to me
slow says the guy who likes Star Trek 1
do you do know that slow and boring are
not synonyms preach it preach it rich
slow can often be good boring is a whole
different thing but yeah if something is
slow and deliberate the vova CH to speak
are horror fans during our spooky month
of October the Vova CH is a very slow
and deliberate movie boring by no means
rich you're saying the first four
episodes are boring more or less I was
not into the early part of season 2 I'll
tell you this right around season like
Episode three or four I'm like oh now
they lost it oh you really that's what I
was thinking
interesting and and I will do theirs oh
there's a focus it was all over the
place
I like what I will somewhat agree with
is at very least you know what I can
speak to is the first couple of episodes
where it did it felt more like what
should have been the five-minute
10-minute prologue mm-hmm like hey
here's where the characters are doing
here's what's happening right now like
that was stretched out over two episodes
but you know I still enjoyed it just
because I mean just because really
season 1 left such a good taste in my
mouth that I was like I'm ready I'm
ready for more of anything what do you
get to prefer you guys real none blade
went off being too slow and thus boring
us guys did yeah I know I know we're a
hive mind you can you can mean different
things when you say slow alright you can
you can you can and us guys didn't say
that rich doesn't like Blade Runner I
think
it's great right right and yeah I yeah I
get it
we sit next to each other so we
obviously agree a lot it's not boring
because it's slow it's boring because
it's boring and I think I just described
it that way by saying it's slow right
Blade Runner is just boring well and
something can be slow and boring you
know y'all look ya'll a crazy town or
ma'am where are you at rich
manases what's the over/under you guys
heaven than making a mon mothma
/ Admiral Ackbar standalone film and
we'll see see how desperate they get
right we'll see how well han solo solo
does I haven't really thought about it
because I could be honest with you I
don't really give a shit what they do
with Star Wars
I just don't they'll do what they want
to do and if that's what they want to do
they'll do it the the question is do
will do they think it will make them
money and really if they're getting to
that territory I don't know bill the
heck out I am NOT going to read that
because that comes way too close to
being a spoiler but it's in regards to
your tip here I agree I agree 100% yes
and I'm sure it's even a done
deliberately that's I'm sure that was on
their head in their head when they wrote
that I'm a Mario fish like Blade Runner
Blade Runner slow the problem is I don't
get anything out of it okay
if it were slow and I were into it that
would be fine yeah there's no I I'm not
getting anything out of it all right
yeah I feel I get you I get you there
obviously I do but yeah
see like like right there here here's
here's an issue I have with the Mario
like I just collected two moons and they
were just sitting out in the wide open
mm-hmm
they were just literate like one was
riding on this big fish's back just
sitting there there wasn't necessarily a
challenge to it what what did I get out
of Star Trek the motion picture I was
legitimately interested in the mystery
of Vedra I was in Blade Runner I am NOT
into Harrison Ford going enhance enhance
enhance wait slight left hand slide left
like enhance enhance
oh there's work hard enhance enhance
enhance enhance huh oh it's a cool oh
look at this outfit oh there's our
enhance yeah you get a little Mario
baseball cap like this happened let's
see what this one looks like at the end
of the day I have been able to watch
Star Trek the motion picture and it kept
my attention
despite being slower pace the whole way
through the movie sure I have never gone
I'm gonna say this again
I have never like I've met one single
time in my life after like four attempts
been able to make it through the
entirety of Blade Runner without either
falling asleep or giving up and to be
fair I you know obviously I'm a fan of
Blade Runner but to be fair you also
were a fan of Star Trek before Star Trek
the motion picture right so like it's
not jut like it's not a standalone movie
you have this whole best show log the
probably helps absolutely
that's pretty cool outfit
there's my fashionable outfit hipster
Mario because Harrison Ford loves
computers more than people what I've
been trying to explain away the hands
and hands for seen I see the human being
who learns to be more human or is he
really the robot or what like what
thematically what are they even for just
throwing a bunch of shit in a blender
you get your own meaning I guess
you bring your own meaning to it
absolutely that's how it works
come here fish come here I don't want to
die come here fish look if I if I want
science fiction tomorrow I am going to
watch Dark City sure Dark City is
fucking amazing you know what that's
fine we can agree on that that's just
one scene in the movie that one Hance
yeah but it sums up the movie for me you
guys like it's it's okay just to
disagree with rich like you know well no
and apparently it's not keep asking me
if we keep bringing a Blade Runner
expecting my opinion to have magically
changed right like it's okay just to be
like oh well I like Blade Runner and you
know rich doesn't put that rock
Dark City directed by the man who did
gods of Egypt oh yeah oh how funny
I'm terrible at remembering directors
names but rich he directed a bad movie
for rich but rich but a Blade Runner
brought to you by the man who directed
prometheus Oh
snail sniz II I can't get it there
fuck it fuck it
fish I'm stealing your soul so I don't
die
Jenny wouldn't argue with you about this
if you didn't keep bringing it up
I didn't bring a blade runner'
you did Chet I'm perfectly happy to not
talk about that movie ever again
rich and Jack do you think this game is
worth they switched purchase this game
alone I haven't played this yet I have
not been able to this game alone I would
say no but the library available on the
switch how many single games are worth
like $300 this is right that that's what
led to my this is Zelda you got an
argument this this and Zelda and the
slew of other Nintendo centric games and
the slew of other games that you can
play Moberly that you could before us
and I started at the sturdy Valley
mobile starter valley was fucking made
for a mobile device as far as exclusives
yeah yeah look at you look at Zelda
I think there's there's enough now where
it's worth it the switch in general you
know why do this insult I have
ridiculous blue bloom yeah it's kind of
like a blurring kind of effect I'm
probably because it's a less powerful
system and they think bloom is a cheap
and easy way to hide any kind of
graphical shortcomings once compared to
a xbox one or PlayStation 4 game sure
would be my guess yeah that's I I'll be
honest I don't quite understand bloom
bud sure I don't super get it what is
meant by that
find it moons hey where you going mooned
dick dick dick ass moon for some reason
I'm kind of weirded out by the unzipping
of the background can't fully explain it
but I think it's creepy I mean just
unzipping things in general and button
this confused
I wonder if Jack is getting this
confused with Zelda breath of the wild
at all I don't get what that supposed to
mean we oh you know it's it's i i i i i
like it i I just don't I'm not in love
with it so far obviously I'm very early
on you seemed like you know right you
know a lot of a lot of talk coming into
this game was you know it was 10 out of
10
lieutenant it's you know it's 10 out of
10 for it buddy can I know I can't stop
and I'm not saying it's not ten out of
ten
everybody has their own opinions I'm
just not I'm not super in love with it
it's alright but you know kind of like
what which was saying earlier like we
got a lot of indie games that do a lot
of shit now do we you know the blue
prism says my almost 60 year old father
had a midlife crisis yesterday and
bought a Nintendo switch just for
himself with Mario Odyssey and won't let
me play it that's fine because I still
have blood-borne though I'm sorry for
your troubles I mean to be fair if he
bought it he gets to choose who plays it
you know my dad's my dad's getting set
to turn 70 uh-huh he a couple weeks ago
he almost bike 15 miles is he a boy it
was more than 50 miles
I loves biking oh okay well yeah that's
great look genetically I got I got some
good material to work with okay my
grandmother on my dad's side made it
into her in the late 90s that's great
yeah yeah my dad's getting ready getting
set to turn 70 he he doesn't look at
that's awesome
so that's great it is not looking at all
that's great but but you're not calling
that a midlife crisis on his part no
just what he does he injured himself so
bad he needed stitches on that bike
Trevor yes he was going too fast with a
smokey sometimes I was on high school
friend they were biking together and he
was like following them too close and
there was an accident he skidded on the
ground hurt his knee so bad he had to
get stitches he because they're out in
the middle of nowhere I guess still have
to take his bike 17 miles while bleeding
all over the place to get to the car
yeah about that and that happens
absolutely
rich Evans proof genetics don't mean
shit that's a that's a horribly mean
comment horribly mean coming you should
be ashamed man what's up with that
well what was my first introduction to
Star Trek
I honestly don't remember I I would
watch reruns of the original series on
TV when I was young mm-hmm so there's no
one specific this is the moment I
discovered it just kind of always been
there I was I was waiting at a store and
and the wind a strong wind blew by turn
to the TV nothing like that come on man
you know these people you got to make
something up rich you've made some mean
comments in your day never unprovoked
seldom seldom unprovoked you know that's
not that's like we're not dropping
frames the switch is dropping or you
know I was just doing a little test you
know waving my head there and if you saw
because I saw the the feed the elgato is
dropping frames but but I wasn't
like seeing like my hand is fine right
hmm yes it's never the stream itself is
it so is it it's just the Elgato
just the switch I probably should have
done like a computer restart the
computer was sleeping when I set things
up but you know it's usually it's good
to shut it down
Chad I will bet you every time I've been
mean to somebody they were being kind of
a jerk first that's possible jack wave
to me hello oh yeah yeah chats just
feeling uh they're feeling a little a
little rowdy tonight all right no oh
here it is Jack I like the wrong episode
of stranger things season two so that
means I hate everything wait is there a
right episode to like apparently there
is you know that show that everybody
likes there's one episode of that show
that everybody likes that you have to
like more than the other episodes of
that jerem lights is that what people
are saying like they're agreeing that
the whole show is good but the with that
one episode you like oh no I'm gonna
wave again cuz I see it chugging
okay here it is rich I think this is new
dog city Oh Oh or maybe a little boss
fight
Comiskey and someone mentioned that a
few few streams ago the I hate
everything YouTube channel I haven't
checked it out just because I worry I
worry it's gonna be another one of those
everything wrong with and I am and I'm
really happy that everybody hates them
now because I've always hated that
channel the everything that's wrong with
this movie yeah channel I think it's the
dumbest thing in the world this
innocence that might be a cinemasins I
forget it but like they specifically
have a show called liking everything
that's wrong with yeah Blade Runner
everything that's wrong with Finding
Nemo and they they just point out to you
know meaningless bullshit nitpicky stuff
that's been how serious their being I've
always hated it even if they're not
being serious it's it's it's just dumb
it's just pointless so if the I hate
everything channel is similar to that I
probably would not like it
did you know he beats no he's actually
next on the list okay I could I consider
I mean there's gonna be pauses and we're
gonna fall behind on tips is otherwise
I'm literally just reading tip after tip
right yeah we gotta let some
conversation yeah yeah I gotta let God
make some nice stuff happen naturally
I'm sorry I do I intend to get to all of
the tips I do but light beats she was
next
yeah says yep Jack boy bees have you
ever watched the show Steven universe
yes adorable little 10-minute Cartoon
Network show but from about 25 EPS in it
actually gets amazingly good highly
recommended yeah you know I've seen most
I've seen all of season one definitely
and I think most season to her you still
watch with my kids a lot and yeah I
thought it was adorable just adorable
I'm wearing browsers giant hat and I
have to then I have to go up and punch
him what does Bowser size always seems
to be whatever Nintendo feels like this
time because that's okay because that's
an okay thing for Nintendo to do
Nintendo says you know we want Bowser to
be a little shit shit move my remove
because it's whatever's most fun rich
sure sure
it's not a serious complaint it's just
uh I don't know I don't know how big
Bowser is jack but I guess we have a
universe with the size changing
mushrooms eggs oh sure maybe Bowser's
just on the shrooms right now nice oh
shit he fought back this time like
doesn't hurt of no you the end of
sunshine when when Bowser's as big as
Godzilla in that hot tub then the dragon
nuts just me just you he's way too big
at the end of that game and he doesn't
need to be that's just you
some nice white rabbit references in the
chap one pill makes you smaller
yeah whatever makes you smile makes you
smaller ah I like that song and I'm
fucking the balloon and Alice is ten
feet yeah
one pill makes you imagine small but the
ones that mother gives you don't do
anything at all
I sorry I just think it's adorable that
Bowser's in a tuxedo and I'm just having
fun oh I didn't get to new dog city that
was the whole point of this to get some
new dog
city I'm sorry jack I'm sorry
what made you think you were almost
there because I chose it and it was next
okay then in the in the middle flying a
new dog see they got the mid Boston
right right and I got to fix my ship
damn it
go on I do feel a little oh look at this
by the way I'm dirty now cuz I got out
on the second look I can't even change
my outfit cuz my ships all broken huh
it's nothing that's not my problem chef
Alana I wanted to that's your that's
your problem that is my problem
I wanted to change back into classic
Mario well the end is fine it's
everything's gonna be fine yes fine I
find some moons we need all the moons
rich great scantron the immortal it says
dear Jack and Russia yes
how much satanic power was required to
destroy that copy of vampire assassin
and in doing so are you now forever
marked by the devil
it's okay you can tell us we're all hip
and cool lol well you know we're not
marked by the devil but we are on his
mailing list in league
we're merely in league right it's not
like it's not like a we we we owe the
devil anything but we just said hey
devil you know is it all right if we do
this and that was like hey man I'm
trying a new thing if you're interested
just talking you know he's asked it he
asked us for our email addresses and we
signed up and you know he's unlike other
businesses I get very few emails which I
like because you know it's just about
important stuff
our relationship with the devil is yeah
we're cool yeah cool like we probably
couldn't ask him for a favor but I would
feel comfortable doing so you know uh
Chad the drunkenness was 100% legit Oh
God
and embarrassingly so Jack was super
worried about it I I was legitimately
worried about it as as I've stated a
couple times already I don't fully
recollect the Cathy's cursed
conversation and Josh drove me home so
which you know is the smart thing to do
when you've been drinking that much hey
bird give him a fucking hat back dick
Chad any atheist who might make like
satanic references like like a Marilyn
Manson inside a thing sure they're there
they're only doing that because they're
fucking with people who do believe but
that's that's not like a belief in Satan
it's just it's just fucking with people
it's uh it's it's what some people would
call fun because it doesn't mean
anything to them to say I sell my soul
haha it's gobbledygook they're having a
little fun with the normies and I've
never done that I'm just I'm just saying
yes that is the entire Church of Satan
there basically an atheist group yeah
they fight against the they fight to
maintain the separation of church and
state by Leeds well the if the
Christians get to do this what are they
feel about how do you feel about the
Satanic monument on the Capitol right
right they point out the you would have
every every much of a right to do that
mm-hmm so yeah there are they are
atheist even though they're the Satanic
temple or whatever that specific group
calls themself I think that mr. henick
temple the ones with the Beelzebub
statue they wanted to put on government
grounds sure right next to the Ten
Commandment Monument mm-hmm it's it's
beautiful they wanted to release satanic
coloring book to schools because it was
a Christian coloring book then I passed
out yeah yeah
so they made a satanic coloring book for
children why wouldn't you and basically
they're just trying to maintain the
separation of church and state and I
actually support them wholeheartedly
yeah with you
hold on for a moment
I'm holding hold on hold on
before before I came here we were over
at a friend's house playing some board
games and we played the most delightful
board game which and it's called
underlings of underwing which is a very
hard name to remember underlings of
underwing okay and it's a board game
about color theory under the guise of
raising dragons and so it's it's this
game where you play dragon Wranglers and
you have to put little colored gems on
dragon aid dragon eggs and try to hatch
dragons and whatnot yeah it's wonderful
underlings of underwing okay it was a
nice easy game to play simple rule set a
lot of cool little colorful baubles wait
Jack I'm reading the chat did you know
that Western civilization was based upon
Christianity you know you know the
Romans might disagree with that Thomas
Jefferson might disagree thing well
that's the mess America specifically
yeah he's talking about all of Western
sigh oh yeah I think there's a few
people I think I would disagree with
that but the Ten Commandments yeah which
actually is
Hammurabi's line I think they came first
but the Ten Commandments Jack sure sure
rich
I invented the idea of law centuries
after Hammurabi did it I think it was
Hammurabi someone I don't know how
things work you know you know me with
remembering people's what names like
talking about talking about the states
specifically though if you wanna say you
know based on Christianity yeah it was
it was based on people who fled here
after the whole you know war going on
between Catholics and Protestants forced
them to leave and they realized the
value of keeping religion completely
separate from the government which is
why they ripped that shit with a
constitution in the first place I get it
now
uh you know there's that whole there's
that whole spiel about how Thomas
Jefferson wrote his own Bible taking out
all of the mysticism because he liked a
lot of the moral teachings but didn't
believe in any of the superstitious
stuff founding father and all this is
what if this is what we're getting into
tonight which is fine um I'm getting set
to pull right out of this just you know
I know how to wall jump already get out
of here get out of town i Baines this
double zero says first tip in a while
alone bash my question mark block I get
it I get it
that's if you're forced to practice
religion to be killed which religion
would you choose Flying Spaghetti
Monster nonsense of bankses hey folks
I've I always happy to catch a life
stream with you since you've been
talking about Netflix originals yeah
have any other recommendations big mouth
was pretty damn funny I think thanks
I've heard good things about big money
wasn't the UM
wasn't the the dick drawing ones I have
a ton so American vandal yeah which is
kind of a take a comedic take on the
true crime documentary if you really
liked making a murderer watch American
vandal which is very similar to making a
murderer only it's about a high schooler
who gets accused of drawing dicks on
teachers cars fucking fantastic
Bojack horseman I've only seen a couple
episodes I have this my that's my
recommendation Oh Jack horseman is great
master of none V Aziz Ansari show two
seasons really down-to-earth dry comedy
very like character driven recommend
that a lot
unbreakable kimmy schmitt unbreakable
kimmy schmitt
gorgeous comedy love starring Paul rust
and Gillian Jacobs if you are into kind
of a darker romantic comedy it'sit's
about people who have addictions not
just drug and alcohol addictions but
also relationship addictions kind of
finding each other and maybe loving each
other and maybe not really good stuff
love daredevil oh we're forgetting about
all the Marvel stuff did Jessica Jones
motherfucker Jessica Jones I'm not as
into it but Karen really likes this
series of unfortunate events oh yeah
with Neil Patrick Harris which I thought
was odd casting but really works black
mirror recently became a Netflix
original but of course it was on BBC
firsts us I know it is a Netflix
original now uh what there's so many
there's just so fucking many Netflix
originals yes Punisher is coming I
understand this is not here yet I know
many people I I didn't get into it but
many people enjoy orange is the new
black I didn't really I got it's so much
stuff no dance so much stuff and you
know they they they know it's the what
they have to do of course of course they
don't they don't want to be the middle
man anymore
the futures believe for streaming no
it's done sure I'll tell you why it's
blue ok wisely tell me why it's bleak
everybody's gonna have their own oh yeah
CBS all access
you know Disney's gonna want their own
as they got all their Marvel movies all
their Disney movies all there's gonna be
Disney know of it this he's already
announced they're on the Paramount so
everyone there's gonna be like 15
different online streaming services that
are all gonna have their own exclusive
content and it's gonna be a nightmare
and expensive if you want to see
everything that comes out I think it's
gonna be further from the consumers
point of view from your wallets point of
view the futures bleak cuz there's gonna
be dozens of these fucking services I'm
gonna get to that in a second I saw in
the chat TM GB fan or
TM VG fan said they didn't like Jessica
Jones I thought I was too boring they
only got three episodes in get hold out
a couple more episodes once purple man
starts showing up and doing his thing
the whole the whole season is fucking
brilliant
secondly I think you are correct that
there's going to be too many streaming
streaming services there gonna be a
crash cuz they're not gonna all be able
to support themselves well see and I I
think that's where I disagree with your
thesis statement which we're going to
get a ton of shit no matter which one
you go to yeah you don't need to go
through them all that's like saying
that's like saying right now if video
games are terrible because there's just
so many video games it's a golden age of
entertainment and we're gonna get that
with all these streaming services and
the ones that don't work will die out
and get gobbled up by the better ones
Netflix is raising prices again and have
committed to something like eight
billion in new original IP for the
upcoming years it's going to be great I
say CBS all access has at least a
million subs that's not going to last
that's not going to last yeah
and it's hard to speak because I haven't
I don't have CBS all access and I
haven't seen Star Trek discovery yet
right but I mean you know by Yamuna it's
just one of those things didn't head
flicks just acquire some comic book
companies really interesting I didn't
hear about that but I know I do know
Disney is starting their own streaming
service and so the cosy experience
Netflix has had with yeah the Marvel
movies is gone goodbye say goodbye to
the Marvel shows say good aunt what not
to say the shows but all the movies they
they had a bunch of like that you know
they have Milano right now on Netflix
all that's going yeah all the Marvel
movies all the Disney movies any of the
Star Wars movies boom going over to
Disney service yeah I think Netflix
knows the only way they're gonna stay
alive is if they have their own content
that is must-haves of course they need
stranger things yes
not only that they need their own
original movies then and and they're
really doing that of course you're doing
it and more importantly and this is a
thing that I think people don't give
Netflix enough credit for which is they
are letting the creators do whatever the
hell they want they are finding and
cultivating new and interesting talent
the duffer brothers right the guys who
created stranger things what did they do
before that what I didn't remember
I know I was sucking no I think it was
like next to nothing and they did
nothing they did fucking nothing I'm
assuming that Disney would be able to do
future seasons of like Daredevil and
Jessica Jones on their own service
theatre or or how does it work how does
it how does the rights with that work as
far as that specific version of
Daredevil and Jessica Jones
an iron fist I mean does Netflix own a
piece of that probably mad probably not
no no they're just they're just housing
it like presumably went whatever deal is
up could could Disney just take those
old episodes of daredevil and put them
on their own service or does Netflix
actually own those episodes Lucy that's
a good question yeah that's a good
question and then of course you know in
order to maintain a nice working
relationship with Disney and Netflix I
was like okay we'll sell you a fur our
first couple of seasons you know I don't
know if they would do that fun these are
all good questions rich
these are all fine fine questions you
can I take a hold of you
digital xanax I'm glad you are enjoying
T&G; based on our recommendation that
Disney could just buy out Netflix maybe
I kind of thought that what would happen
at some point
I don't think Netflix would sell to them
that's what Netflix makes a lot of money
that's fine but that that necessarily
won't last forever
and at some point Netflix is gonna have
a hard battle in front of them young
yeah you know their king right now I
think they're taking it they're taking
their kingdom Netflix is still far from
profitable how about that could be and
it could not be no right like there's
you know obviously I'm not I'm I ain't
no business master but thinking about
how many people are Netflix subscribers
I I I'm skeptical of the claim that
Netflix isn't profitable maybe they're
not very profitable but III I'm
skeptical of the claim that they are not
profitable so you're saying they have 10
billion of debt 10 billion of debt
somebody saying I just read the thanks
really okay Disney owns Mark Hamill it
will own Netflix and you rich in Jack
one day as long as you're paying well uh
yes so low
yeah yeah I'm gonna own me for the right
amount of money you can own me yeah huh
true dat
shrewd it gonna be this adorable little
thing for a little bit oh okay I guess
I'm not oh yeah for the right amount of
money will sell out
we're okay being sellouts
okay oh wait hey rich we had a no kena
doe says what suppose the name IDO
kaneto que en II do IDO connect oh all
right is anyone in RL m been to
Riverside ia for trek fest no Riverside
is a tiny town which inexplicably has a
casino and is also the future birthplace
of captain james t kirk what are our
lems thoughts on ia ia what's I Indiana
Indiana that can't be
no Indiana's I am Iowa's I or zyw skirts
from Iowa okay I'm pretty sure this is a
whole lot of me not knowing yeah that's
what this is right here why do I hate
help us out people but I've never been
to the future birthplace of Captain Kirk
I have been to Vulcan Alberta Canada was
Kirk born in Vulcan Canada no Bach
wasn't even born in Vulcan Canada Jack
Spock was born on Vulcan Vulcan
different fucking planet I mean yeah no
I know I don't know how this fucking
future works
dr. Liu DUP says hi guys hi listening in
the car again what do you guys think of
spoilers personally I don't care by the
time I get around seeing things I will
have forgotten all spoilers anyway
I I can admit I typically don't give a
shit about spoilers is I don't care
about the spoiler I care about the
execution that's what makes something
work that's how they execute the plot
twists more than being shocked by it
though I guess that might depend upon
how shocking it is I I I would like to
give an exam
the less I know about something going in
the better and I would like to give an
example but in giving that example it's
actually a spoiler okay chat I'm about
to and this is an old and not an older
movie but this is a movie outside of
spoiler territory but I'm about to spoil
split okay the M night Shyamalan the his
most recent movie split starring James
McAvoy and that lady from the vova CH
yeah
heads up I'm about to spoil split here
we go
you don't care if I suppose I don't care
okay I think I think you guys I don't
give a shit about spoilers I think I
just read it okay I read her I'm the
Wikipedia so so for those who don't know
split takes place in the same universe
as unbreakable and though I didn't read
any like specific spoilers and that's
like a very minor spoiler for split but
I read that before I saw the movie I
knew it took place in the same universe
as unbreakable and this whole movie the
entire movie is about James McAvoy being
having a multiple personality disorder
yeah and the shocking twist at the end
even if it's a twist it's a very minor
twist but the twist at the end is when
he takes on a new persona
he actually takes on the physical
manifestation of that persona so for
example if he's like a nerdy split
personality
he might be weak but if he has a
muscle-bound like a weightlifter split
personality he will actually be more
muscular
he's stronger he has like an old lady
persona that's weak and frail and he
actually takes on these physical
manifestations and what he is hoping to
do is to awaken a super strong feral
personality definitely he's trying yes
or at least parts of his personality are
trying to awaken a super strong feral
personality and everyone's like no he's
just a crazy person but some people
think that in awakening that personality
he will actually get super strength yeah
but because I knew it took place in the
unbreakable universe I knew that that
was going to happen at the end oh yeah
okay that's just real and that did break
some of the magic okay movie for me okay
right and so generally speaking I want
to know the least possible about going
to a movie that was my specific examples
we are now over with spoilers about Z
play and hear you because they want
somewhere else if they actually care
about the channel or now the channel say
anything now the channel say something
so yeah the less spoilers the better
all right I think like like I knew
before I saw the Empire Strikes Back
what that you know Darth Vader was
Luke's father okay I still enjoyed the
Empire Strikes Back sure you know what I
think that's it depends on the severity
of the spoiler and how much the spoiler
is integrated to the story right mm-hmm
