Sunday the 11th(Part 1)
June 11, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H3cB49hbId4

some people might be confused with the
thing I tweeted yeah
was you know we were gonna start around
7:00 and we were going to play a game
called let's all have reasonable
expectations on whether or not Mike
comes to a stream which is a game we
will still play while also playing
Friday the 13th okay okay
for those who don't know there is a
video game out now called Star Trek
bridge simulator VR or something like
that yeah in which you get to put on a
VR doodad and be on the bridge of the
Starship Enterprise from Star Trek the
original series and since it has come
out everyone has said hey this is the
perfect opportunity for Mike to come to
a stream now Mike's gonna come to a
stream right of course Mike's gonna come
to a stream right but he's not because
Mike
rich and I you know I'll say yeah 15%
chance up from a zero up from a zero
okay all right rich and I there is an
open invitation as always - to - Mike -
Jay - Josh
there is always an open invitation and
we always stream at the about the same
time every week they know this
we have even tried to get Mike on the
stream before with like dr. Mario hey my
oh wait we can do this way you wanna do
this next next week oh yeah maybe next
weekend next week comes and goes yeah
righto
Mike's just not intro I know you know
I'm updating the chat right so last
night once again someone tweeted at
previously recorded hey get Mike on the
stream for Star Trek and as I always do
as I do a hundred times a day I say oh
it's not gonna happen one we don't have
a VR - Mike doesn't come to the streams
and Mike in some sort of mad power grab
tweets back sure I'll do whatever weird
thing you want
that is just my fucking lips oh oh I'd
say you do know this right I'd say it's
a pretty good chance that Mike's just
fucking with it in fact I I then texted
Mike to like give him the down-low he
has not gotten back to me and but now
that Mike has said that and now you know
what that could have even been Jay Jay
could have been tweeting just to fuck
with Mike it was just from the red
letter media these things are possible
these things are both possible and so I
I I just want to make sure everyone has
really realistic expectations as far as
the whole Mike coming to extreme well
thank you I just want like people are
not reasonable by nature they're
unreasonable their own people are very
unreasonable not just just a heads up
everybody be very skeptical
but how about that III uh rich and I
haven't seen any of you three we were
filming an episode and now we're
streaming so we haven't seen any III we
will on Wednesday will do kind of like a
like what we did last year well we'll
have a stream we'll watch all the
trailers we'll talk about all the big
III news and we'll probably make fun of
it just a lot of making fun of III news
yeah you some stuff that's never gonna
happen
have you talked about Neill Blomkamp on
our LM I did see that tweet Nia Blomkamp
wants to come on half in the bag really
to talk about stuff alien aliens
probably Nia Blomkamp said he'd come on
the show fucking show up wherever the
fuck you can walk in and we'll do an
episode just because he walked in ah
obviously that's the right answer
my guess is Mike and Jay are going to
schedule something with him but we do
not know anything for sure
maybe he want to maybe it's time
everyone revisits chappy Oh what is it
our fighting their infighting someone's
being a dickhead Moiz being a good
a conversation with Neill Blomkamp yeah
why not let's talk about district 9
let's talk about Cappy do we have a
weird white balance on the stream I
thought I fixed that but is it orange or
blue what is it I thought i fixed it
earlier after Richards done with this
round I want to fix the game which is
showing a very dark in in OBS I want to
fix how dark the game logs no in that it
looks extra dark yeah I want to fix that
does the game look dark I want to fix it
Jack fucks around I'm gonna fuck around
I think I'm just gonna find a good game
people have left they didn't die they
just left because they're their dicks
well they probably left because someone
is working with Jason that's what it
looks like yeah okay
a lot what does that do
nope can't see any of that hola nope get
out of here come over here so I can see
what you are thank you
looks a little dark we're gonna
traffic's it it's a dark game people
should still be able to see it scroll
sharpen color correction there we go
yeah you can criticize somebody's
working and still get along with them as
we have proven with max landis on
multiple occasions and LEM kappa since
the inland oh my god right there we go
okay now you guys can see you now hold
on let me take a look at our camera I do
with our camera here is my god that does
look sepia tone why is that you did and
then I thought I fixed it but alright
I've turned the white balance to auto
and still looks awful still looks off
right cuz it's white balancing on like a
dark don't you need something light in
front of the camera - white bang here we
go here we go that looks slightly better
ish what I think no you know I get you
know what it's gonna be fine you know
we're blue and we're in sepia tone
that's what you get I'm okay okay great
rich is okay with it alright fine
everything's fine all right great let's
go boom back to the game back to the
game still blue I don't care
it may be white balancing on Jack's
pasty thighs that is very possible then
I'm sorry then you just got to deal with
then how's my automatic white balance
even work I know normally you're
supposed to put like a white sheet of
paper or some like on a white board in
front of the camera and then white
balance it right but in general there is
what auto balance like autos like look
for the whitest thing can find and it
looks for the lightest thing yeah so it
could be on my thighs or maybe it's
picking up on the walls or it could be a
plethora of options but oh well but oh
well we're not gonna worry about it now
bridge commander Star Trek bridge
commander yeah you need like four VR
headsets to do it justice with your
friends right that's a lot of thousands
of dollars for what's gonna amount to
like one hour worth of game yeah ya know
and I'm sure like I'm sure that mike has
no clue what the game is doesn't
understand that it's a VR game so he'll
have to wear a goofy headset doesn't
understand that will have to buy a goofy
headset Jack's the whitest thing in the
room and I usually a.m. there's no
there's no oh that's a neat picture
there's no yes we are is a big
investment for like first generation
technology that's going to be quickly
outdated and you're still not gonna get
a ton of software for it yep we've got a
few people offer to let us borrow their
their software one person something that
to me proves the longevity of VR one
person got a hold of us and said hey my
vibe has been collecting dust
I'd be happy to donate it so Mike can
play bridge commander might take him up
on might take him up on it
well Mike that's in question will Mike
but well Mike right but you got keys I
was gonna be really mad that I wrote and
remember we don't have put talked all
the time I let's push the talk but
letting him know we have keys oh yeah oh
yeah come on I know I know
hopefully is just setting traps by the
car if he won't try to break it
he hasn't so far gone Thanks showed up
he set his traps quiet enough yeah I
left can I do the dance this woman does
in part for probably not such rash yeah
isn't care about the two shooter that's
my theory use its rich use it to your
advantage
I will you find gas and battery yeah
how's that how's the game looking now is
that a little brighter for everyone can
you kind of see what's happening now I
can already see it's it's brighter
so the Crispin Glover dance oh I can do
the Crispin Glover dance easy easy
great I could just check that one house
and we're done
you might be a new Jason he's probably
more interested in the for pushing car
yeah great great let's see here this is
your official did you guys watch today's
III conference tip you may answer
accordingly and talk about it if you see
if you did see it today was the
Microsoft conference yeah and I did not
as well
wait'll it's done and you hear the news
the Satanist way to do it yeah like
tomorrow I'll be I'll be like importing
all the footage we shot today so like if
you know if I'm around I'll probably
watch I think the Sony one is tomorrow
where's that tonight even are we are we
going up against the the Sony e3 tonight
possibly it's fine
possibly
Microsoft conference was not great well
you know that's why you wait for the
highlights yeah I'm not gonna watch like
three hours of a conference from all I
care about are the bullet points yeah
after the fact give me the new games and
if I want any more information on the
new games I will see the trailers that
are already online
what is the relevant news yep alright
there's nothing interesting going over
here nothing interesting going on
Bethesda is tonight Sony is tomorrow
Nintendo's Tuesday ok well yeah then I
might watch the sony nintendo ones just
because I'll be around I don't know I
don't know don't know don't super care
will dead by daylight ruin the the the
the players for this game I I did see
something about now that big fall-off in
players people who are playing this game
actively and the numbers have dropped
significantly
alright which obviously is it was a bad
party we played the Dead by Dawn I
didn't I didn't care for it much well
how do people just running in and out of
windows mag Dracula rich swag Dracula oh
the name the swag Dracula apparently
also on Twitch by the way it's a fine
stream a game you know why because ever
you know so many silly things can happen
and it's fun to talk about it yeah
you you have keys as well right
I have quintanilla gasps can no not swag
you like swag and he's talking as if he
is Dracula oh is he talking as if he's
Dracula or is he just Russian right
that's the question rich that's my
question
what is swag Dracula well I mean I you
can only assume that's a Dracula who's
got some style we need the gas
oh and he's dead sure do it do it do it
rich Jack you have style you have style
swag Jack I do not I do
I mean well everyone has a style I would
not consider my style to be stylish my
style is shorts and t-shirts many people
would consider me a scrub what TLC TLC's
then you know TLC famously does not want
no scrubs what like say yes to the dress
or something how are you talking TLC the
the the 90s the 90s I think you have a
channel I'm like a fashion show they
have I by the way I like that you know
like you think I'm talking about a
fashion show and it's like your wedding
dress fashion show what what whoa Jack
watch I probably say yes to the dress I
used to watch Oh what was the show it
might have been on TLC and it was a
makeover show with Stacy London and
and another man and they would they
would make over people Oh what was that
called
I used to watch it all the time and it
was the greatest fashion show because
these people were utter utter bitches
Stacy London and her and her gay man
co-host yeah they would just walk into
someone's life what not to wear thank
you you know what I'm talking about what
not to wear and they would just walk
into someone's life after secretly
videotaping them to show all of their
bad fashion decisions like you suck
here's why you suck we're gonna make you
not suck that's a great show thank you
are married to a woman right we would
watch it together and we would have a
great time her co-host looked like a
goofy Daniel Craig yes what it was his
name Stacy London and they were
wonderful they were wonderful bitches
nobody ever freakin guess
what is one of my thoughts on Witcher 3
after playing a little bit I was
enjoying the combat and I was really
enjoying walking around the world and
then some asshole kept berating me on
Twitter about all the things I was doing
wrong so I decided I didn't want to deal
with that house I'm I'm just not gonna
play it anymore because there's other
things to play and I didn't care about
it that much
I probably would have picked it up again
because I was having in general a pretty
good time for which for Witcher 3 okay
which are not which rich Witcher
interesting well it's also just a good
stunt just to stun him
it's good item but you know it was it
was a fine it seemed to be a fine game
and I loved the fact that I could just
walk around that you know what kind of
monster I ran into rich like right away
it looked like a Swamp Thing it looked
like a like a fishy Swamp Thing there's
a neat monster cool monsters button
Clinton Kelly Thank You Great Powerful
oz Clinton Kelly and Stacy London what
not to wear that was a fantastic show
that was a fantastic fashion show Swamp
Thing yep it was great so well yeah you
know I was having some fun playing
Witcher 3 I know I was skipping all the
cutscenes which a lot of people did not
like but hey that's what I was doing I
liked all the combat stuff getting into
the world but it's too much hassle too
much hassle
do you want to know
I'm here if you need me to talk him okay
I got my I got my finger on the tea I
think around the tea let's see here
spurious machinery says rich yeah how
are you feeling about Dead Rising 2 off
the record these days I noticed it was
on Steam and doesn't have games for
Windows Live save game losing bullshit
anymore
for an added bonus just haven't played
it much like a billion million bajillion
games all right okay there you go sorry
god I got Jason very nearby
yeah thoughts on the Black Panther
trailer look pretty cool it's getting
weird
they used a great song for the trailer a
little R TJ but that doesn't necessarily
mean anything because they used to run a
jewel song an iron fist and that was
pretty boring but it looks alright
that black trip here's the only thing
you need to know about black panther is
it's the same director who directed
Creed and Creed is a great movie so I'm
excited about like who cares about the
trailer it it it's gonna be it's
probably gonna be good because the
director has done good things before it
took Marvel this long to get weird well
no we're getting you know like with
Doctor Strange got a little weird with
it guardians gets a little weird with it
now Black Panthers getting like in the
Black Panther trailer one of the people
has on like Panther gauntlets that look
like they shoot stuff and they're
Panthers it looks straight up out of
like Mighty Morphin Power Rangers and
it's gonna be weird and so I'm excited
I'm excited no josh trank ever everyone
says that Chronicle is an alright movie
I've never seen Chronicle
everyone says Chronicle is an alright
movie but Creed is a great movie creed
is fucking great so like they took a
director who made an alright movie and
gave him the big franchise then they
took someone who is already handled a
big franchise like the rocky franchise
and made a fucking great movie
so trailer looks interesting I was
already hyped to begin with though so
the trailer doesn't do anything for me
Richard did you see black panther
trailer ok his Creed best of the rocky
series no it's just very good I'm a bit
of a purist and you know I'll take rocky
one
look you tried you tried to send him for
your friend but he was already stunned
Rocky won Oscars and shit right that's
the thing
rocky won won Oscars Wow
rogue assassin my ass well maybe he's
new that isn't it
rocky versus communism was rocky 5 there
was there's rocky then there was rocky 2
was that was fighting Apollo Creed again
then rocky 3 was mr. t maybe rocky 4 was
versus communism and then rocky 5 was
the street fight then rocky 6 I was a
street fight yeah then 6 was old man was
was Rocky Balboa and then Creed yes yeah
ok let's recount huh
Creed's like a spit more spin off than
sequel right you haven't seen Creed its
it said no it's a direct sequel ok I
mean it's it's kind of spin-off because
it has a different main character yeah
but it but it's also a direct you know
like that's actually that's an
interesting question rich that's a more
interesting question than I think you
realized what is this person doing on
the other side of the map away from I
don't know I haven't you know what I
have not seen Fruitvale station this is
not me I'm just spectating yeah but I'll
look into that I didn't even I don't
even know about for bill stations so
bill station apparently that was the
movie that the director of creed made
before Creed at the station with all of
the fruit it's the freedom
it's got bananas it's got some melons
it's got a a papal I made it out alive
and I don't I don't feel too good about
that because like pretty much every
fucking one else did yeah yeah what's
wrong with the webcam we turned it on
auto white balance in the
it's not working and you just got you
got to deal with that and I'm sorry I'm
sorry I just every on the Rockies
cinematic universe cover now it's I mean
it's a bit of a sequel and it's a bit of
a spinoff
it's not stuff to say cinematic universe
so desperate right so desperate everyone
wants one that's apparently all the
mummy is is setting up the universal
monsters dark universe right I think
it's just that easy staged oh now we got
some and I got it
it's funny that the only people who have
really been able to pull it off are the
people who invented it right
use your sweater
check it Technic script we already did
check OBS and we thought we fixed it and
apparently we didn't we're gonna be
sepia tonight you guys just have to deal
with our Instagram filters and I think
you I think we're gonna be okay with it
she even heading towards them she might
be new too
we don't know she doing this where is
she know where to go to find that
sweater Jason fell over in the fireplace
would any film benefit from a cinematic
universe besides comic community
Captain America besides I always sunny
in theory I guess he still doesn't stop
the money from swimming like a fairly
desperate attempt it's certainly not
organic
right oh you know baby maybe you start
maybe you don't even think about it
until you have a good movie
that's the rule that's your cinematic
universal rule because you're your
cornerstone for the dart universe is now
the mummy yeah
I like theoretically it could work in
any movie but what you would need is a
reason for it to exist so like a
character you know like the wacky best
friend in the romantic comedy is also
the wacky best friend somewhere else and
you know like crossover and shit like I
always thought it was really cute in the
view ask universe Kevin Smith's universe
like you'd see the same characters here
and there Jay and Silent Bob like it was
cute it was never it never made a movie
but it was cute
yeah wait until the movie does really
well then worry about the universe's I'd
already has it's it's making a ton of
money in China the mummy is going to
make a ton of money in China yeah so
it's done already it's it's it's gonna
make it a bunch of money it doesn't
matter anymore it's gonna be fine
everything's fine yeah I mean what are
you gonna do what are you gonna do man
nothing there's nothing we can do
well what's that reading what was that
reading about I was reading an article
about how who's in this movie Gladiator
what's the gladiators name Russell Crowe
is is dr. Jekyll yeah in the movie and
dr. Jekyll is playing kind of like the
wise older mentor figure to Tom Cruise's
mummy hunter even though he is actually
younger than Tom Cruise and I was like
oh I didn't even think about that I mean
Tom Cruise looks a lot younger of course
but I thought that was silly cuz I never
I would have never thought about that
does he at this point I how will this
time cruise oh how old 60s is he maybe
Jack Jack
too many I'm seeing a lot of mid mid to
late 50s so I'm gonna okay I've seen a
lot of 58 so I'm gonna believe that I'm
gonna believe 58 I'm seeing a lot of
58-54 x' mid to late 50s that's a lot of
numbers
he's a SATA 754 his real age okay I
believe that some mid to late 50s
that'll help
there will was I don't think he's in any
of the mumming garbs is he they just
give him decayed skin and it'll be fine
yeah I have to do something I have to
escape
doo-doo-doo-doo no you keep going for
the phone box man let's see here come
axiom hey Jack Emmert you've seen the
Black Panther trailer so what are you
company I don't know I think that's more
for me because I am you guys know I am I
am a big Marvel fan boy oh good because
I have a track record of making good
movies
I'm also you know I like Pixar like if
there's a new well except for cars three
came and went and no one cared about it
but they have a track record for good
movies and I like superhero movies and I
like that director so Pixar done uh-oh I
mean yeah yeah all their all their
talent is now straight up making Disney
movies yeah and even like even those
talents are starting to retire and leave
and be philanthropists or whatever the
fuck they care about right didn't car
three happen already that's how that's
how much I know about cars three isn't
it out and gone already
you know what I'm gonna say no
apparently not oh it's next week oh
that's how little I know about cars
three I haven't seen the trailer I just
don't know
give me a propeller and some gas and
just like a head arrow the rest of the
house before we go on air hello I don't
know
car three I've heard it's really
strangely dark I have not seen the
trailer but after cars two who can care
who can care about cars anymore I'll
defend the cars one I will and have
defended cars one cars two is an utter
piece of garbage mm-hmm
hey guys it says anonymous I work from
home and I'm thinking about moving to
Madison for the culture and cheap real
estate ever go there and if so what do
you think of the place where there were
a lot of it being pretty dumpy was there
once it's a college town so yeah you're
gonna find a lot of rundown houses
rented by people who don't care - about
the upkeep of those houses there are
some very nice areas if you are into
food if you're into restaurants man
Madison's the place to go they have
everything they have everything so you
know Madison's fine Madison's fine a lot
of right a lot of restaurants a lot of
cool clothing stores back in the day I'd
go to Madison quite often and they have
a lot of neat clothing stores if you
care about that sort of thing but more
importantly restaurants delicious
restaurants know what damn good con
ginga's calm gingka we're here to get a
gig at guest Cong bucket okay fuck them
now they have nice music venues over is
holy fuck rich you're getting out of
here they have they have some great
music venues in Madison and you know
because it's a college town people
actually come there so more people go to
Madison than they do Milwaukee they'll
usually do Madison and then go through
Milwaukee to Chicago
everywhere has nice music venues I'm
talking about the crappy ones well I
mean every place has crappy music venues
to the point is people go to Madison you
can see the bands that you want to see
cuz they actually come to Madison
that's a long time just to hang around
that pose he knows man probably gone
right
move slowly check it out you have to
here under says damage Jack quit paying
attention to what the fuck I say well
too bad he under yonder we were talking
about Madison Music Venues veronik
what does the flashlight do rich besides
give away your position
fear fear will fuck you up in this game
what does gear do makes your stamina go
down faster it'll fuck your vision might
even make you slower
all kinds of bad ana makes him easier it
makes you easier to find for Jason to
you'll show a bright red oh here's low
he might not detect you once he does a
sense thing okay you show up much easier
of your fear as hi and so the flashlight
reduces your fear level yes alright
that's fair being in the dark increases
your fear level okay it's probably the
more accurate statement mm-hmm okay cool
there you go get anyone else are you
just getting out of Dodge get out of
Dodge no one's near you fuck them
what you would escape on the keyboard
time to get out of here
either between leave behind
yeah
whoa settle down potential Jukes
sure if he's nearby
whoa was bad that wasn't bad
you got it you got it and kinase again
you on the boat very easily some Jason's
can move incredibly fast in the water or
is it all Jason's doesn't matter if he
teleports near the exit in the lower
sure chair doesn't really matter how
fast he is then Touche Touche
I was I was playing a game few days ago
no no I was playing guys Jason and these
two fucks I knew they were going to the
boat
they're heading there they're running
around with the gas running away from me
they weren't going towards the car going
towards them clearly towards the boat
huh I just let him go I turned on stock
which is you know Jason's stealth mode
yeah
just teleported in the water like a few
feet in front of the boat I actually sat
there waiting they kept fucking up I
said there I said there and waiting
while they fixed the boat yeah and the
second they drove they started to leave
with the boat I just jumped right up and
put him out of the boat and you kill
both of them nice nice
I could have ran around and chased him
through the houses yeah I want to go to
the boat yeah that's great that's great
rich
two people left you know the major
problem with this game is um you know
what I am about
I have about done but it's a play now
all right this is Jesus dream but I've
had my fill I think okay you've gotten
some good hours yes oh yeah I've got 60
plus yes yeah yeah yeah I've got a
decent use out of it um people keep
dropping the minitor match starts
because they're not Jason
you've never almost almost never get a
match for the full eight people really
interesting six or seven people because
um one always leaves then I Jason then
just re-roll try to see you see it so
and so left like the second match starts
sure yeah just to hope it to get in
another match to be Jason oh so bad yeah
yeah that's the balance right so yeah
for rich I'm sure this is very worth the
$40 yeah 60 Plus hours that's 40 bucks
worth easy and were you know rich he
does not usually care for multiplayer
games but you've told me that you've had
some bad experiences right you come here
yeah people working with Jason that
happened one time possibly the first
time this room we don't know they could
have just been to be able getting into a
fight with each other yeah yeah chat
microphone but I had one person who's
actually helping Jason going in opening
doors setting traps outside windows for
the counselors sure and then I have one
guy totally different problem he was
just a dick I was playing as Jason and
you bitch juice new boobs boots Jews
that you wouldn't wouldn't shut up he
was mad I wasn't I wasn't I wasn't
grabbing him so he could just use the
pocket knife or his friend could stun me
with the bad because they were grouped
up and they had weapons pick somebody up
they're just gonna hit you with a
baseball bat before you can kill them
and you get stumped right so wisely I'm
doing the proper thing in that situation
I'm not trying to grab them I'm just
swinging my acciden swimming they're
just playing like a bitch you're a bitch
bitch bitch bitch
whole fucking game and I didn't just
chase him down just to kill him because
you know I play Jason not like an idiot
right I don't get tunnel vision like and
I gotta check on the car they're trying
to fix I got I know
yeah you're playing that you were
playing the game eventually he's like
the last person fuckin left yeah I was
like I never got around to killing this
guy's land he's still doing your boots
juice your bitch is actually in the car
he got the car going I finally I stopped
the car I pulled him out of the car
finally I am gonna grab and I just said
shut up and fucking die as I twisted his
neck so the next round even though we
were both counselors she shot me with
the shotgun the second I saw it what an
asshole yeah yeah what an goddamn
asshole which obviously like that just
happens with multiplayer games sometimes
but still was the only thing I said all
match - I just quietly planted a bitch
you're playing like a bitch you bitches
juice the players every play oh man this
is the last thing I said was shut up and
fucking die this person is probably
waiting for the police to arrive and
then there's going to run towards the ER
there I think they are they near maybe
yeah that's at all sometimes it's my
thing to do is to be between two exes
sure it looks like they're very near and
exit there and so if that exit has the
police they're probably going to make a
run for it
so that's my guess is they're just
waiting for the police to arrive his
corpse right well Jason Kemp teabag and
he was the last devis or know the game
just ended you won I won definitively
being a bitch-ass Jason being a
bitch-ass Jason I I managed to kill all
of the counselors that was one where
nobody dropped out so it was eight of
eight nice yeah yeah congratulations
he tagged he teabag me when he just shot
me the second he saw me with a shotgun
both playing sound as counselors yeah
and he's so proud of himself god oh my
god oh oh look that's not the exit yeah
how's the gamble money that was the
right move for her situation
absolutely
one Jason galactic says one Jason called
me jackass with the keys I proceeded to
stun him four times in a row then he
went two out of seven and rage quit
before he got back to the lobby oh that
could have been very useful later they
probably just realized it Lana she can't
just run she's gonna run out of stamina
she has to be a little bit judicious
with the running yep and remember Jason
teleport okay there we go unless she has
another pocketknife Oh Jason wasn't
invisible Jason has the ability to
television his powers yes you need to
give Jason something to make up for the
fact that he can't run right he's got
kind of like a teleport slash quick move
thing yeah and he has a some of them
have like Evil Dead and quick move
powers yes I also like it like they're
trying to explain the Canon of like how
I can show okay you did forget it
teleports I don't know it's nice that
the Jason skins have their own unique
kills yeah pardon me for a moment be
right back
you know now that we're done now that
we're done with vanquish yeah I'm
looking for my next game to play and we
haven't really figured out what we're
doing yet so I have something I've some
downtime and I was thinking of picking
up Friday the 13th yeah just because
like I have enjoyed my time playing it
would be fun to team up with you and try
to get adjacent kill be fun it would be
man weekend a couple people here's my
worry about just playing it in general
though by myself is everyone who's
playing it seems to know what they're
doing well there might be matchmaking
you might be okay yeah I like I
definitely worry about being the the
week wheel you know but I've enjoyed
playing it here I enjoy watching you
play him you watch what other people are
doing just hang out near other people
right I'd be more inclined to play it if
I could rebind somebody fucking keys I
did although early on pissed somebody
off by doing that some people like some
characters characters have different
stats mm-hmm and someone who was playing
a stealthier character was mad I was
following them yeah she didn't shoot me
but she pointed the shotgun at me
I got the message I'm being selfie yeah
fucking making a ton of fucking noise
get the fuck away from me but they
didn't shoot you no they did not they
just think they think they got the point
across
that's great that's great
all right let's see here
Anonymous is going back and re watching
all rlm videos for the half-dozen
time it's fun to see rich get more
handsome with time Shirley J has taught
him the dark arts that be of both you
and J that beard it's deadly
I got a spear
oh I'm not I'm not making that
ridiculous claim I just met in general
both of both it with both of you with
the beards it transformed you but well
there's a wrench in it right something
let's see here Len nope
dish services guys I usually bug you to
play wandering Souls but today I want
mana to tell you I'm leaving for two
weeks so don't play it if I miss the
stream I don't know what I'll that's a
double fake you're hoping I would play
it to troll you but you will secretly
actually be there to watch I'm onto you
I'm onto you failed
for those people who don't know right
now gog has a summer sale going on and
so i did pick up i didn't pick up
wandering souls but I did pick up hollow
Knights that Metroidvania
adorable-looking being where you played
where you play as the funny person I
picked that up because it was on sale on
GOG and if you buy anything on sale at
GOG you get a free game called rebel
galaxies or rebel something looks
interesting maybe maybe we find Roger
that over here well we won't be able to
grab it yeah too much attention while
we're talking paintable a little bit
sure somebody what a helicase is your
mother oh maybe not her out I just heard
your mother
the Dragons fights neither rich and I
would be in charge when or if Neill
Blomkamp decides to come here neither
rich or nor I will be in charge of that
happening so we cannot give you any
updates as we don't have any that is not
our area but I saw that tweet I saw that
tweet he tweeted and he's willing maybe
or he was drinking so
yes gasps no gasps Lenin fly Kaczynski
says guardians to the Peter talks about
wanting to be like all the other kids
the guy that killed me I feel bad for me
I'm gonna come kill his ass huh somebody
killed somebody else hey you fucking
sweaty nerds where ya boy oh we got some
we got some talk I said it yeah neill
blomkamp said he wants to come and talk
about talk about movies and stuff
probably talk about chappie so it'd be
great if it happened getting me a
Blomkamp I'd want to meet him just say
hey man I really dug district 9 and
illicium was alright that's what I'd say
to him because I haven't seen chappie
happy chappie
okay so Len fly Kaczynski oh no I'm just
I'm just trying to figure out whether
this is a bullet now this isn't really
guardians to spoiler possible guardians
to spoiler don't listen to this if you
if you you know want to stay away from
that he says guardians to Peter taxi
Peter talks about wanting to be like all
the other kids was paid off when ego
says if you kill me you'll miss you like
everyone else I'm Peter says an awesome
if you were worse that would be
embarrassed that would be super
embarrassing for you basically yeah
there there was a line set up earlier
that paid off later which happened some
in guardians to I thought most of them
more pretty weak though and I still just
you know guardians to just didn't didn't
do it for me just whose fire pussy yeah
yeah my sorry nice
yep how's that taste like just don't ask
Jack about movies anymore I know you
guys disagree with me on some things
about the movies but you also agree with
another thing what my thing guardians -
not my jam I'm gonna I'm gonna head
towards the car and if somebody dropped
off gas by the car sure I'm stealing it
okay great I think that's a fine idea
rich vote twice and we're all will be
weird but I mean you got to play the
hand you're dealt right listen however
however you can get out of the situation
oh hello and bye didn't check the sounds
we did a very bad job we have no
distraction item self so that's bad
oh so hologram IQ you there there is a
one way to kill Jason but it's very
convoluted really you're just hoping to
escape you need a good group of people
that you can work together with yeah who
aren't dumb but most of the time you're
just trying to escape so rich is trying
to take the boat to escape he found a
propeller and he found a gas can and
then he can use the boat to get out
still pretty uh I've been to matches
where they came sickeningly close to
killing Jason I think just fucked it up
at the last minute they didn't know how
to do it properly yeah yeah yeah that
happens so like there's there's a
multitude of ways to escape Jason do you
remember the trap excellent I'm glad you
didn't say anything just in case you try
you you hit it and that would be really
funny
so no piece of fuck
shouldn't stop the drop gas that was Oh
richer came so close I should not have
stopped a drop of the gas yeah yeah
that's great that was fun though yeah I
was fun to watch she's the last one got
the battery yeah the battery for this
because people in this game are being
Petty and childish big V six six nine
one since I recently started reading the
manga berserk and it is possibly the
most fucked up yet amazing story I've
read I recommend it what is the most
fuck up fucked up story you guys have
experienced one thing ya know he appears
in front of you because it's a game and
Jason needs to be able to move and not
just slow walk or I'd be super easy to
just run away from Jason right secondly
that time he came out of the water he
was sitting in wait he knew you were
going for the bones if he were smarter
he would have waited until I started the
boat I would have been an easier kill
yeah the boat kill but that wasn't even
the same thing yeah sorry oh no there
was just a same a brilliant we've
actually beserk has been recommended to
us before a lot of people say it's super
fucked up rich what is the most fucked
up thing you've ever read or watched oh
great 2016 US presidential election yeah
it was pretty fucked up but all around
just about any one specific person all
around me is probably extra know that
seen an extra I was pretty fucked up
where the guys birds like the full adult
male
I owe riches rich has he's writing for
Jay Leno he's got all the topical humor
that's great that's this Florida Blues
says I Jack I am an assistant brewer and
beer server at so cow brewery we mainly
have Belgium's and West Coast IPAs could
I mail you some of our bruised and swag
for you and our lm2 enjoy lol drink my
drink dysphoria blues here's something
you know it is quite possibly illegal to
to mail any sort of alcoholic beverages
in the United States so we we certainly
cannot recommend that you mail us beer
and that you wrap it really well you
have to wrap it really really well
before you encourage somebody I'm not
encouraging you should not we all know
what your email us beer you wrap it oh
no what you are really doing so what are
the penalty should you get caught I have
no clue that is not that is not my
concern rich cuz I'm not mailing any one
beer
I met a void a return address there we
go now you're talking
it's different by state-by-state art
which videos admissible as evidence
possibly but again I am saying that you
should not mail us beer and wrapping it
well as to them and you should just
always be free if you're mailing
anything not beer
you should wrap it very well so that it
doesn't get damaged during transit
that's just that's just general life
advice rich richer they might announce
XCOM to expansion at e3 during the PC
Gamer event that's neat but instead of
like watching a three-hour conference
I'll just wait until it's done and get
like the news get all the info maybe a
little trailer yeah I don't understand
why people watch the comedy I just don't
get it it's it's a like one you want you
want to be one of the first to hear
about something you know you know what I
don't I also I I I usually enjoy hearing
something directly from the horse's
mouth versus hearing it from a news
organization who's reporting right okay
like like I'll watch the Apple key notes
because I want to hear what they have to
say about it I don't want to read
someone's analysis of what they have to
say about it yeah so that's a reason
also it's it's just a it's a hypo vent
right like you you wanna you want to
feel the excitement come on feel the
Noize girls rock your boys
so but we will we will snark all over
all of the ìiî announcements on
wednesday we'll do another one of those
things where we'll watch all the
trailers well we'll see all the
important stuff and we'll snark all over
it I'm sure
well ii like listen isn't creative just
watching and criticizing III trailers
does that what is that I don't even list
that ah probably gaming talk show okay
they're doing a special they're doing a
special thing with a like a special
hashtag that you can add to your title
yeah and then if you add the hashtag to
your title people can buy something yeah
and if they buy something money goes to
a Humble Bundle charity that's nice and
so we'll probably do that on Wednesday
yeah so that's nice they did they're
doing something they're getting
streamers involved so oh and apparently
there is it just an e3 category great so
we can just put it under the e3 category
great
what what my bad but let's see here oh
it's some blue guy in chat says what do
you think of the concept of $1 one hour
it's the idea that a game is only worth
its price if you can play it for at
least the same amount of hours as its
price in dollars yes no you can't cost
60 bucks let's say you play it for 50
hours but it was extremely fun yeah then
maybe not so much
yeah gaming stuff gaming stuff
I would like cheaper games I think
that's not a bad rule I don't
necessarily know that it works all the
time right right to me you know the the
only as far as length versus money spent
you can look to movies right a movie is
in general about 2 hours long and you're
paying
what about she's she getting on with the
police I don't think the police are
there that just could be weird
what the fuck is this Jason doing Oh
dancer back when he's fair he's fucking
with her oh oh he's trapped what did you
do
Oh fire fire I thought I thought she was
trying to shoot him Jason's just waiting
in the bushes that's great that's great
movie movie time two hours for ten bucks
yeah we're okay with that to go see a
movie in a movie sure we don't always
see movies and movies sometimes we wait
so they're on video or Netflix or
something I'm giving you an amount of
time and how much money cost we are okay
for five bucks an hour right and that's
what we got we got five bucks an hour to
go see a movie
so fifty bucks for two tickets popcorn
and a drink oh sure I'm just I'm I'm
trying to quantify an amount of time and
amount of an amount of mice in two hours
for ten bucks five bucks an hour games
are a little wishy-washy our little
wishy-washy
everybody you know a game a game is rent
is generally 20 hours right that's like
a normal game 20 hours I don't know
various really if it's about how much
you enjoyed the game there's too many
variables in this whole how much is a
game worth how much did you enjoy it
do you think it was worth what you paid
and there's no definitive rule dollars
per hour and real thumb maybe and I
don't think it's a terrible rule of
thumb dollar per hour hmm maybe maybe I
really don't you don't I don't know that
it applies 100 percent of the time right
that's definitely just too many
variables now let's see here
why does Mike keep pretending to not
know the names of stuff in videos he
doesn't pretend who does that nerd think
he's fooling he doesn't pretend he
doesn't pretend also Fistful of Dollars
versus the good the bad the ugly which
one's better rich uh Fistful of Dollars
okay I have nothing to add to that I
haven't seen either and they're all
great the trilogy is great I'm partial
to fistful - I haven't seen him in so
long I like the ending I like the ending
though it's been a while he's wearing
the world's person bulletproof vests oh
yeah yeah yeah I am
Oh
Jaso oh I miss Jason no no oh that's not
that one your honor they already kill
them all Jason power box them for money
we have the hook in this one though
that's fun everybody likes to hug em see
Lucas rebel galaxy is a fun game would
make a good stream I've actually
recommended it in here in the past fun
space combat with ship customization and
great blues rock soundtrack thanks for
the stream yeah and it's it's free if
you buy any game during the GOG summer
sale right now you could you get rebel
galaxy for free so and it's a pretty
killer sale a lot of games on sale for
done GOG so it looked interesting and
someone mentioned that it was there for
free and I said ok I'll give it a shot
oh that motherfucker just jumped through
the window rich he's dead he's dead
our real objective is over here I don't
care about him so much right now
yeah the car is there a bigger no phone
oh the old trap by the phone maneuver
I have not gotten around to watching the
new Twin Peaks I've been catching up on
Fargo season three which is lovely
which is a lovely show and it's starting
to get to that point where the insanity
is wrapping up and I'm really enjoying
it oh he's what he's just right there
too late the animation started oh nice
you buy the car to die the hoods that
mean that means hitting on the hood they
got the battery in I got the battery
they have gas yeah you saved bulk ass
gas safety I'm big on safety I know
you're big on gas safety I think that's
great I think it's great I think it's
great to do vaccines says vaccines and
vaccines cause Islam says ello first
time on stream pretty excited not much
more to say thank you for existing
especially you rich Evans you sexy mofo
hashtag gay forge a hashtag bitch 400
that's upsetting nice pants great pants
this is a massacre fuck yet is oh shut
you Tommy Jarvis did motherfucking Tommy
Jarvis how did they fix the phone with
your crap there question is did I get
that soon enough did I get that soon
enough
oh for calling the cops yeah they went
they might have got one over on me
sure well so now they have it's possible
they have five minutes right I feel bad
for laughing at you murdering people but
it's it's so entertaining I think I'm
gonna have to get this jack did you make
iced coffee today it was damn hot yes I
did it was damn hot and yes I did I
haven't busted out my cold brew up he's
done I just think he was done
I have yet to bust out my cold blue but
I've been using my arrow press just to
make a couple shots pour that over ice
Tom is nearby okay how many left you
know phones still unfixed which is good
for me yeah yeah yeah decent amount left
by the boat wait is anything fixed on
the boat hard to tell
oh no it's not the propellers not on
because then the the thing goes down
when you put the propeller on so it
doesn't look like they've done anything
I did something a little bit stupid I
need to reach wrap that phone hmm rich
rich what do you consider a win when you
play as Jason killing most of it come
from me I want at least six hey deaths
sweet that's fair that's fair depending
on how many people are playing goodbye
the sweatshirt I don't give a shit about
that I care about this this needs to see
did they get it that without that's
interesting
it's worth it well maybe maybe the
button maybe I'll fucking triple trappin
does I know they got the fusion which is
bad for me sure where they die where
they buy the maximum number of campers
is seven seven campers one day seven and
then a dead person can come back as
Tommy Jarvis Oh dead or escaped sure if
they do the time of Jarvis thing if they
do the radio thing oh hello
oh there's a fourth point that's it you
think they're going for the Jason kill
oh they need to do a lot more damage I
mean they've done and they don't have a
sweater and let's see anyone with a
sweater nope second Jarvis their girl
didn't anymore yeah she's really dumb
yeah Jack have you been listening to any
new music I've been listening to this
kind of dreamy garage rock band or
singer called hazel English really good
album if you're into sure you know it's
like it's like pretty droning grungy
guitars and a pretty reverb filled
singer hazel English
if you're into that sort of thing so
what are the steps you need to take to
kill Jason
damaging enough to get his mask off and
then some female character needs to get
to Jason's Shack put on the sweater
uh-huh then they need to use the sweater
to stun Jason well specifically Tommy
Jarvis uses a machete to kill Jason nice
I love how convoluted it is to kill
Jason well right he's he's an
unstoppable murder machine that's kind
of his thing terrible at the show oh
he's got all the weapons baseball bat is
like the weapon to use to wait so was
Mike joking or was he being for realsies
most likely he was joking
the other option is he meant it but now
we'll forget about it and doesn't really
care Oh didn't close the door probably
should have
make sure your Tammy gets the mask no
that's false what Tommy doesn't need the
mask that's false oh okay
you just need to knock the mask off
you didn't even knock the mask off the
man's but the mask does is it lets you
enter this Jason Shack without alerting
Jason which isn't necessary but helpful
oh okay sure so if you have the mask
first you can enter the Shack without
alerting Jason okay the person with the
mask in it for them I'm with you I'm
with you man rage mode full-blown rage
mode oh oh
like reference he said he might be on
stream today no he said he would be
willing to be on stream at some point to
play the Star Trek VR game
don't take that promise too seriously as
in general Mike I mean he's been on rich
we've been doing this for over three
years now how many times has Mike been
on stream twice once once maybe twice
one and a half times so I I would I
would take any mike saying he'll be
under stream with an incredible grain of
salt co-op and don't shit your pants
might have been the same stream
see here what we got here um Texas
Panhandle it says do you think this game
could be refreshed with new maps ways to
escape or once you have the mechanics
down it just loses its charm oh yeah
either I bet there's a ton you could add
to this game oh there you go
nice this game has a lot of potential
and you know the more I watch rich play
it the more I'm definitely gonna buy
this I want to do this cool thing you
know and yeah we'll work together we'll
get a Jason feel that sounds like a
great idea are you lady I love that I
love I love a juggernaut Jason just
walking through walls that's beautiful
nope she I think she just pop up yeah
she did
oh you whiffed very sorry
is that all that's a clean winrich nice
clean why purple blood because sometimes
the shaders don't work no no you're
doing great I'm having fun gibbering hi
i-i've been day drinking today there
were I was at a child's birthday party
today and so that that and it usually
involves day drinking uh uh so I got a
ride over here Rich's giving me a ride
home yeah yeah and I'm just I'm just
hanging out I'm still drinking because
you know once you start start early
today what's the point stop your
children's birthday party this is what's
the sign it's fine we were all drinking
I didn't hurt anybody on purpose
Jack confirmed for the highlife
absolutely no I could you know I could
see like a lot of neat DLC for this game
I know the woods is a really great
setting and that's the classic setting
but I'd love a different setting space
Jason that'd be great putting that out
there or even you know like a like a
little more suburban setting like a like
a cul-de-sac for this I know that's not
necessarily Friday the 13th houses for
people to go in a little different
suburban area would change too much you
couldn't do it you couldn't do it
couldn't do it didn't do it you know
what this is my inexperience of the game
talking yep possibly you'd have to
change a lot of the mechanics sure and
the time would ruin everything what
about a farm what about cornfields it's
chance keepers work yes ski resort Megan
work okay corn fields corn fields
children destroy a children in the
corner expansion
okay doobie sandwich says would either
of you consider would either of you
consider to be a well-spoken or a well
written person aka do you communicate
better in text or vocally I'm probably
better communicating in text yeah what
do you think you've talked to me and
seen things I've written in text form
yes fine I'm terribly the way you get
your ideas across verbally it's hard to
say text because you know just like a
lot of times you just don't write back
so well it's quick things right I don't
bother writing back if I know I'm gonna
like see you know what an hour - yeah
Jackson where might say okay I'll
respond okay exactly
no that's not you Roger
I'm probably better written down it does
take me a long time to write an email
like I'll write an email I'll look at it
I'll reread it a few times make sure it
makes sense I'll adjust and so therefore
it I'm probably better at communicating
written wise okay that's good
what-whatever the fuse box is but yeah
it's right there already so as Jason you
you try to head towards the car or the
fuse box right away that's what I try to
do sure I'll speak for everyone
it's so early I don't think he has his
uh his vision sense power yeah sure sure
I'm gonna take a chance that he is just
destroying ship for future reference
okay that he will wreck some doors
windows put a trap down and leave sure
sure very possible as is what he did
okay nice so rich wrote the descriptions
on the YouTube videos well whoever
whoever cuts them up writes the
descriptions if I cut up the twitch
videos to YouTube I I'll do that but
that's what usually Rich's job so yeah
which usually does that tactics yes he
is tactic Inge the shit out of this is
that a scam it's a scam okay well you
know where the gas can is can you place
markers on the map
Wow few situations where that would be
sure handy rich edits the YouTube videos
so for the YouTube videos well you know
we'll take the stream which is usually
four hours long and then cut it up into
one hour to hour chunks for YouTube and
so either rich or I does that usually
rich and write a little description
about it and then like if rich cuts up a
two hour chunk then I'll take that video
fill in all the tags make the thumbnail
and Photoshop and the scheduled release
dates and all that stuff so it's team
effort perks am I using right now I'm
using the perk that lets you start with
the with a map I think I also have the
one that lets you start with a walkie
talkie I think yeah you have a bucket oh
yeah
and you did not pick one up so yeah and
also there's I've got a great one for
fear at night in darkness for East like
six percent less fear Endor
nice fear is your enemy fear is your
enemy no smell if you're playing
stealthy and surest buckets and she has
a high high stealth rating no good okay
Creek Nation rich definitely thinks this
game is worth buy I check that out
before you got here you have 60 Plus
hours into this game and that and to me
that means it's worth buying you get 60
Plus hours
does he if you've messed that up yeah
Jason gets an audio cue oh yeah yeah
shit I'm just getting the fuck out of
here
play cool yep play cool we're gonna head
south of this house itself okay and I
will tell you from the little I've
played it and watching rich played I am
buying it because I want to get into
this I want in on this cool horror game
yes that does say a lot considering how
much I don't typically get into
multiplayer yeah what the fuck is that
that's the fuse box a phone okay well
right back where we started
okay I ran to the car because I found
the gas now I'm heading back down south
I didn't want to stick around by the car
right right I didn't think that would be
wise alone maybe if there were group
with me I would brave searching some of
those houses but sure no all right it's
off at South young man is it horror
this is classic horror this is no it's
this classic horror a based on classic
or yeah obvious to me it feels more like
survival sure sure okay isn't that just
what horrors potato potato
it's Friday the 13th going to be the
next prereq review we haven't decided
actually but maybe by the time you play
it enough exactly it'll be like game
woven out for a month it'll be way done
so probably not nothing I'm nothing I'm
against the idea
uh-huh I'd be able to throw down right
now car keys and a battery right a
uncanny collie said unsolicited game
suggestion prototype open-world
third-person brawler with stealthy bits
you play as a metahuman not Wolverine
during the first days of the zombie
apocalypse interesting thank you for the
game suggestion huh farted says good
evening can you tell me about the
gameplay for the have realistic
expectations of Mike coming to extreme
game the title sounds promising sure so
the the gameplay is it's it's mostly a
mental game so it's a lot of strategy
and most of that strategies just
involves having a basic understanding
nothing nothing nothing
everywhere I turn there's nothing basic
understanding of Mike and his ability to
composition is that just music fucking
with you
rich already has a machete he doesn't
need the wrench on the table
oh wait or he does apparently shit all
right wrench is better at stunning Jason
okay now if you're trying to get a Jason
kill the machete is gonna be better
towards getting the mask off okay
okay there's a different sun damage and
like health damage for Jason these are
the mad stress right now if you're going
for a kill you you you almost need to be
with a somewhat coordinated group right
I am NOT alright nobody has done shit
with that car fucking useless pricks
rich yeah what do you guys think of the
latest doom game looking back on it now
love it it's still a fantastic fantastic
game they have fucking fantastic
everything about that that 2016 doom
just fantastic most fun I've had in
years the video game yeah they got it
right they got it way right Jack yeah
for you trapped rat the mad trap strat
that's awesome rich you got it you got
it oh it's gonna work he's gonna bust
through that door thinking he's so cool
trapped rat who is farting uh rich is
making mouth farts whenever either
someone subscribes or I forget whether
that's a subscriber a tip but it's it's
rich dude two knives now yeah nice nice
general Gore says whomever would like to
feel this go what do you use to bind
your frag truck i frag chuck I use
xpadder you have to use the top trigger
on the chuck to get xpadder to recognize
it totally a Jack question I know we
don't use anything it just naturally it
just naturally is WASD for the joystick
and all the keys are already bound to
things on your keyboard so then just
the game you have to you have to you
know find out what key does what and
what you want to do with it so our Frank
Chuck we just plugged it in and it works
and it's a keyboard analog that's it
give me something give me something
other than jumpscares
music stirs Jason's who aren't here yeah
that music was definitely fucking with
you so I don't use anything for my Frank
Chuck because it just kind of works
right out the box for me someone was
asking us through email about the Frank
Chuck recently as well and apparently
having similar problems and I'm not
having that problem so is the music
glitching no we everyone's all it
there's like a different type of music
that's just got your music but it's it's
supposed to fuck with you it's the music
so yeah if you're paying attention you
can tell the difference yeah
Plus that if Jason is using stock you
won't even hear music form let's see
here sis Burling says please tell my
girlfriend Holly to put down her phone
and give Christopher a kiss for fuck's
sake
Holly you do whatever you want you know
like that's your relationship I I'm not
you know if you feel like kissing
Christopher go for it but Holly you are
your own woman
we're down to two people this isn't
looking good right like now you're
basically just kill me killing whittling
time right yeah yeah corpse so Holly you
do you girl
you do you what it sounds like to me is
that Christopher instead of engaging
with his girlfriend is being super
passive-aggressive about it and passing
the blame whereas like Christopher if
you want some accept on my trap ah he
said to my trap wait the door trap yeah
Matt Dorset's
mad door strats boom so Christopher if
you want your girlfriend to kiss you
then you need to initiate that you need
to have that conversation if she's on
her phone you should be doing something
to engage her more than that hey that's
on you Christopher get it um boom rewind
shock says I'm watching Trainspotting to
finally damn Danny Boyle can make good
films probably the best sequel to a cult
classic ever made did you guys like
Trainspotting maybe your review too
popular you found the keys oh hello
oh hello
oh that's right we you know where the
gas is oh you already put the gas in did
you check by the car is there a battery
buzz oh okay yes too concerned with the
moving right to the Chris to a cute
stream I said no that wasn't about the
woman being right that was about Chris
not being a passive-aggressive asshole
that's there's nothing I hate more than
that type of going around the situation
behavior if something is bothering you
about the way your partner acts talk to
your partner about that
battery I've seen Trainspotting it's
fine movie I don't think your chance or
cares review but one and one thing only
cares about the battery right care about
finding the fucking battery it's I I
don't think Trainspotting is too popular
a film to do in review as it just
doesn't remember I just don't think any
of us have any strong opinions on it
it's the problem probably probably
anonymous says hello guys weird question
for you guys how do you guys feel about
making new friends I don't necessarily
mean me I just mean in general thanks
making new friends rich Oh rich is
looking for a battery he's not gonna be
able answer okay making new friends yeah
now you know it gets harder as you're an
adult just because your schedule gets a
little more what's wrong my old friends
huh your old friends button how do you
feel about making new friends don't care
they go man you need some batteries
oh hello trap goodbye trap you'd use a
pocketknife just bring a trap nice but
you know I've made some friends as I've
gotten older it's all fine it's its way
it's weirder making friends as you get
older but it works if you're looking to
make friends join a club and do some
activities activities always mean
friends using gases by the other car its
Cuddy Oh better yeah probably
let's see here have either of you
watched a played or watched life is
strange
it's a story driven pretty emotional
game about a teenage girl who can travel
through time and its sequel prequel
thing got announced today no I've not
played life a strange rich played life
estranged I don't even know if I heard
about it so story driven not generally
my thing I'm over gameplay person I like
the game games the games with the
gameplay yeah like the games with the
gameplay what a movie I'll watch movie
this is the thing lots of great movies
story bait adventure it's a visual novel
you hit the button when the button
prompt comes up on screen it's a visual
novel rich
there's no one else to distract oh oh
he's just looking yet he's just looking
for you I'm sorry Richard I've kept my
fear down I'm hard to find this the
advantage of keeping your fear down yep
got a flashlight on yep I've got my
darkness perk yep so really like
basically if rich can find a battery
he's got a chance cuz anything up in a
car I don't know but it's just you so
once you get in that car and that car
starts moving Jason will know exactly
where the fuck you are yeah yeah yeah so
at this point have you been playing long
enough to just wait it out I would get a
two-minute warning
you haven't gotten the two-minute
warning yet you still have a pocketknife
in case he grabs you should be two
batteries in this map I can't find
fucking one of them right now I'm
fucking one of them died carrying it
it's sitting in the middle of the
fucking woods yeah
I'm about ready to die wait did he did
he come by just leave did maybe I mean
the music's not playing anymore
did he think you were somewhere else
Oh oh no he's right behind you
do-do-do-do-do hey hello Jason hello my
baby hello my darling hello my ragtime
yeah send me a kiss my why baby my
heart's on fire you need to know wait
pocketknife
Rock a knife like a knife run run run
head to the car and pretend like you're
doing something with the color fuck is
that gonna do for me because then he'll
stick around the car what I don't know
that's my strategy
none you know I don't you know I know
none of the things Jack will get you
killed
ya never listen to Jack rich knows
better than than to listen to me
you made it pretty far though yeah I
made it pretty
come to mommy G come to mommy
tis just a flesh wound let's see here
captain spicy Wiener sir Jack thoughts
on MF DOOM I've been listening to born
like this on repeat for the past few
days one of my favorite albums ever you
know what I'm a big fan of hip hop and
indie hip hop and I have never listened
to MF DOOM that's going to mean almost
nothing for a lot of people but he is a
big figure in the indie hip hop
community and I've just never gotten
around to it so I have no strong
feelings on MF DOOM Chad there was a
battery somewhere I just didn't find it
oh it not for lack of trying you looked
everywhere somebody probably had it died
in the woods mm I guess yeah yeah I'm
sure I will get around to MF DOOM
eventually
Kennan I'm gonna change my Jason just
kiss me oh yeah
stab adjacent than I do it can lab
izinski says I just re-watched feeding
frenzy for the first time in years and
realized that Jack played Plunkett's son
in the movie in other words how much do
I tip for Jack to call rich daddy for a
full stream not you
yeah but then all I could do is like
just call you daddy once that wouldn't
be in the spirit of a dumb yeah but it's
not like I ever say well I guess I do I
say rich what do you think about this
rich what do you think about that whoo
best tip ever how much to call Richard
daddy for a whole stream that's you know
what just saying that that's weird I
know I wouldn't I wouldn't take it I
wouldn't yeah I probably wouldn't do it
never make any bet that you're not
willing to pay off on well and that's
what I'm thinking about like a dollar
amount that would make it worth it but
it's also reasonable enough where
someone could pay it you know I'm not
gonna pull a rich Evans final fantasy
ridiculous number but you know it's not
gonna be like 50 bucks or anything like
that but no brah I probably wouldn't
because I'd get really creeped out
never never gamble
what you're not willing to lose so
agreed red shining green check is the
guy in the photo who's no in in feeding
frenzy I play Larry mister Plunkett's
reanimated dead son
you can decline tips no you can't
decline tips I mean we don't have to
read whatever people write button so you
know like but I just probably I just
wouldn't call him daddy because it's
weird 750 bucks or however much of the
vibe costs no no if someone if someone
wants to tip that much specifically for
us to buy a vibe
the the cheapest I was able to find was
on Amazon for 800 you go ahead you tip
and we will buy a vibe and we will
probably play one game yeah that's how
it's gonna work and we just won't
probably won't care but if you got that
money laying around you go ahead you go
ahead and we will buy a vibe and it will
sit here and collect dust I am in pork
pork in space invisible strings I'm the
one making fun of Lionel as he's
sweeping that was one of the very like
that I I did that really soon after I I
was in the Grabowski 's and Jamie did an
actor and and he said oh you know I want
I want you to come you know your
character walks up to this guy who's
sweeping and I just want you to make fun
of him
endlessly and I had never met Ron Ron I
had never met Ron Lipsky before and so
just like hi I'm Jack I'm gonna make fun
of you for like an hour and a half is
that cool and Ron was very cool with it
so that I mean it was very nice and and
you know I I did a whole bunch of improv
basically everything you see in that
little scene in Port Fourchon space kill
Jason okay yeah sure you know where it
isn't this map no way all right you know
do you know where the sweatshirt is in
this map having trouble here having
trouble hearing you okay follow him all
right go for Jason kill this could get
interesting yeah we have two pretty
strong
let's go to the shack the Jason house we
can't have a threesome with two blacks
are you down
zip sorry that was pretty funny I wasn't
complaining so this time we need to take
this max off first then you press Q all
right got it we need Tommy Jarvis too
if you have a walkie-talkie we have a
walkie-talkie
do you have one yes and you're gonna run
away the map just okay we're gonna go
take his mask off after that I will
spawn as Tommy Gervais and we're gonna
kill him all right Roger Roger they're
going the wrong way though
wait don't we'll see maybe I'm wrong
that's a campsite hear it I don't think
it's always in the same spot sure right
now it looks like it's just a campsite
well maybe they don't know where it is
and I check check check one of the
guides I don't think it spawns in the
same spot all the time I know it's here
a lot but come to the shack with me and
my twin brother right
oh yeah so in any case so I was I was
making fun of Ron Lipsky for like an
hour and a half and there's one line
that Jay wanted me to say that I didn't
much care for which of course ended up
in the final version because it's
something gayer yeah like on the far
east on the map like after all the
houses like B 5 d 5 in this area
oh yeah I see all right yeah I'll head
that way okay okay all right cool that's
great that's great we got a plan rich
that's exciting
Oh nope nope oh they're gonna take the
mascot for they're gonna try to take
them instead
great teamwork zone in case uh Jay
really wanted me to say that thing looks
like an elephants Clint and I didn't
much care for that line and uh yeah you
know don't really much like I just do
that do the line and that's I doors open
very important you know yeah that's
right that's right so uh but yeah I'm in
pork pork and I'm in early grubaugh skis
and feeding frenzy although all those
older rlm videos
rich is older than I am
brights hardcore do the line or you're
fired
no I was just one of those things where
you know he just said like you just got
to make fun of him so I like basically
everything you see in pork pork in space
is just me improvising and he wanted me
to do that one line and I said yeah you
know I don't like that or I didn't think
it was funny or he's just like one of
those things like this is really what
you want me to say d5 Dilek five the the
campsite in d5 it's gotta be C he must
said yeah he said d5 there's a regular
old cabin there would it be that close
to a regular cabin I don't know but in
any case I said it and I think it works
and pork pork
you know porks a fun movie pork pork in
space he said oh they're saying b5 maybe
yeah BCD all sound the fucking same the
upper needed barely here that's why you
need to use Oh what you can see Jason he
was right above you Zen ski yes we have
played board games on stream we actually
just did a board game on stream earlier
Barbie queen of the prom
rich was the queen I have recently
purchased Barbie queen of the prom so I
can regain my title as Queen
right it's somewhere oh is that it over
there is at a house there's like a
there's a structure there I don't know
that's a that's a phone tower he's right
he's right there oh there it is
shit you know gonna go for it
nice oh no no no he's trapped okay
Oh oh that bitch Oh son of a bitch ah he
outplayed you dog I had the tools I
needed to get out it just didn't work
out yeah yeah no I mean he just like he
saw what you were doing and yeah he was
mark yeah he was mark
he did it right he somebody would go for
a grab I had the pocket knife right my
plan was he want him walking yeah grab
me stab fleet yeah or like the like the
fire firecrackers yeah no that's fine
that was that was well played rich he
just did it better
mr. hit mistakes were made him grabbed
the ax that's that's actually right I
should have grabbed the ax yes yes let's
see here Happ 78 says rich you always
say the next generation season 3 is the
best never heard your thoughts on the
episode Tin Man Enterprise encounters
space acorn that wants to commit suicide
as Romulans hunt creature down great um
space but a long times I've seen that
upsets a fine episode space 8 corn I
remember this is a space creature that's
alive great great a spaceship that's
also alive I remember right yeah
anonymous says my god man drilling holes
in his head isn't the answer the artery
must be repaired now put away your
butcher knives and let me say this
patient before it's too late
get reference my god man drilling holes
in his head isn't the answer the artery
must be repaired now put away your
butcher knives and let me save this
patient before it's too late
oh is that a back in time Star Trek
that's for ya
the back of it I think or he just gives
them a pill one there's liver scared no
kidney or whatever
Bunnie boyfriend says knock knock who's
there banana banana when I've seen
somebody's door this is banana banana
aren't you glad I didn't say orange did
that as I'm reading what the tip says
have you ever installed any FTL months I
think I tried to play around with a ship
editor once and I couldn't get it to
work okay anything you'd want to see in
a hypothetical FTL - no it might even be
right for not making another one the
only thing I would do is just more
events write more of the stuff that I
already like please i I can't up top my
head think of any entirely different
type of weapon you know that would write
would go I think we've talked about this
before and basically it's just diplomacy
options like that would be neat if they
had more diplomacy options yeah but
they're working on a different game
they're working on some sort of
strategic mech suit city in a city yeah
so they're doing something else already
yeah the one major change I would make
the FTL is that a diplomatic pacifist
victory needs to be possible right
minimal kills and you'll get fucked at
the end with the boss right being
completely unable to do anything there
needs to be some got a diplomatic way to
defeat that boss that'd be neat or
allies to feed them or something yeah
yeah that'd be super neat
more Picard less Janeway absolutely we
could call the Picard mod it's he got
keys
and teeth what Oh tell me you guys I
guess you can see that power they've got
Gasper here
fine you don't look fine
hey rich have you killed Jason yet I'll
tie a barley concentrate more of ICH I'm
gonna say ich bizarrely okay
okay time to get out of here you're all
in this is early enough you might not
have the right or left right or left
oh no no right right
tense
you're stupid
nothing Brad it's no bad
what are you hoping to accomplish here
is there another exit whoa oh yeah oh
right there
great boom unforeseen let's see why
would you run right out in front of
traffic I take no responsibility
none that was a really fast wreck that's
crazy that person just knew they were
dead and they didn't want Jason to kill
them kill me in the car I know I'm dead
that's great that was great
do you want to take over food I'm not
gonna top that for a while you know what
let's take a little break yeah I need to
hit up the bathroom I'll come back yes
and I will I'll take the Ranger a little
bit
applause for a little bit here
