He's a Magic Man
April 2, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X0yVI6gqqpE

all right rich Evans I have a challenge
for you play and be mapped to a final
doom the Plutonia experiment on
ultraviolence difficulty what say you
rich Evans are you up for the challenge
no no no I am NOT up to the challenge
do you want to go out mouse and keyboard
or controller uh what do you do is
single-player for now alright and you
probably want controller have you want
yeah so if we do co-op I will switch to
there you go
is that it
there okay great okay you know what I
just realize you guys can't see anything
we're doing I forgot to change the game
okay Anana says something looks like
it's swedish and i can't really
pronounce it at all great skit Arden yo
something it's good Arden Yoga Center in
your burgandy energy you should be good
if your dish Berg very good now you can
see Magic Unit 603 idiot says hey Jake
that's probably me yeah
I'm told that a good joke is all about
timing so given that it took you three
years to get the joke my name is a
reference to game station I think it
means it was worth it
you know at 6:03 idiot at 6:03 idiot
your name is not a joke it is a
reference there's a difference between a
joke and a reference what are you what
are you Seth MacFarlane not getting a
joke as the comment I saw earlier that
wondered if we were aware of the irony
of previously recorded broadcasting life
that's not getting the joke well is that
their fault er ours
apparently it's ours I have some miss
Felton magicka but at what point at what
point is you know your joke bad or your
audience an idiot where's the where's
the line there are two schools of
thought rich and they are exactly
opposing schools of thought some schools
of thought say if your audience doesn't
get the joke it's your fault for not
telling it correctly and that is the
audience saying this and the performers
the performers side of it is is if the
audience it's their fault for being dumb
and the truth lies in betwixt about that
in between is where the truth lies all
right we are ready for now for a Magica
start Magica
go I'm skipping the cutscene I'm
skipping the cutscene I'm an idiot it's
in the name it's you know I I didn't get
that I don't I don't get a lot of jokes
I don't get a lot of references only
because I haven't seen a lot of rlm
stuff you know a lot of times I won't
watch a half in the bag because I've
already talked to Jay and Mike about a
movie that they did in half in the bag
or I haven't seen a movie and so I don't
want to walk to them talk about a movie
I haven't seen so I haven't seen a ton
of half in the bags and why I didn't see
all the game stations I think I saw your
Batman one it's fine yeah you know I
don't give a shit you seen the game
station it was a terrible show I think I
saw your Batman one and I do watch every
best of the worst I didn't I didn't like
reading out a game review in front of
Mike or Jay who didn't know anything
about games and I was getting like zero
reaction from them right oh that was the
worst I think I was telling you oh you
know what I was telling you about this
the other day I was watching the old
game stations to to link to him yeah in
the Zelda review and Matt like my coche
were just using random footage when you
were talking about it and it was so
bothersome to me I use the game footage
where he's talking about the game
I don't care about any of this okay you
can punch lost and technical artist
Tropic Thunder is now on Netflix hadn't
seen it since it first came out rewatch
was great
Robert Downey jr. steals the movie have
you seen it rich I have not seen traffic
them you haven't seen Trump I haven't
seen property I don't know the Tropic
Thunder is a couple really memorable
I thought it was a movie based on the
whole Cogan show is it Thunder in
paradise
it's a couple really memorable and funny
moments in an otherwise like kind of
dull movie but it's got some nice guy it
has some really funny moments to it that
Tropic Thunder
well I skipped a really important
cutscene
okay Magica is a game where you can
experiment and combine up to five
elements to create spells
experimentation is important as there
are thousands of combinations at your
disposal but to conjure any element at
all you must you first need a staff go
get it from the weapons rack okay heals
cures poisons oh okay
seems that you've taken some damage from
your fall and now that you have your
staff you can heal yourself conjure a
life element by using the right stick
did I do it
you did something I sure did nope
oh I don't necessarily know how to do
that awesome you're all healed up now
use your sword to cut through the rope
that's blocking your way out of this
room okay
okay
it's block
okay hold the right Oh hold on
Oh God use a keyboard conjure three
earth ailments how do i conjure earth
elements
how do i conjure earth Elmo did I do it
but how much give - yeah I have no idea
how I'm doing this oh my get it there
how did I get it there
- I just hold it there
look at me a button you confirm while
holding the stick right now I'm just
holding the stick and when I like oh
wait is that it I just sorry if I press
down and this way oh you just have to
let go of the stick once you're
highlighting I guess okay oh I forgot to
charge it so this way then this way this
way then this way okay okay okay I get
it now
there we go I figured it out everyone I
figured it out so you got to press down
first and then down left or you know or
down right depending on what direction
you want to go okay so like for
firefighters over here so first you
press right and then you kind of press
right and down right nope
damn it okay there we go I got it and
then you press the trigger button to
activate the spell I'm getting it so you
make the spell and then you cast it yeah
and then you can like so like I could I
could say like one fire orb one ground
orb you want to heal orb and then you
cast it it does something
yeah oh I got an achievement for that
so then like I probably need a fire orb
to shoot that way and right so then go
fire Oh No
oh you know what we need a fire and a
rock yeah I see you throw the flaming
rock that's neat
there we go alright I'm getting this
there's neat I'm down with this anything
over here
lightning so obvious obviously well duh
yeah I just saw this little thing
happens to lightning fire well it's one
thing at a time let's see here so here's
a lightning use a fire ready rich yeah
probably if you hit something with it it
sets it on fire
I would assume anonymous says Germany
Germany all over everything in the world
when it comes to protecting and
defending our
I'm just worried this is like part of a
Hitler speech I have no idea but
how harden says do you all have any
guilty pleasure games a game considered
to be dumb and asinine but you enjoy
playing it ie candy crush
oh no it's not my head I like candy
crush
I guess fire on myself
active 1x0 says let Susan play you hack
frauds Susan is not here
turn-ons do this trick if you're already
dry
so what's going on I'm all wet and I
need to use lightning and I can't use
lightning when I'm all wet or else I'll
obviously get fried and so I will have
to I have to use fire on myself and I'm
not exactly sure how like here's the
heel this is how I used to heat this
what I used to hear myself yeah and then
if I go he'll fire it actually just
turns into a like a beam which doesn't
seem good Rock fire we know shoot stuff
though we don't want that do you have to
burn the barrels maybe no okay
how do you gotta you conjure on yourself
that's what I'm wondering
chat press why oh oh topless I couldn't
see it the camera was on the way
oh did it say why yeah I'm on the right
oh shit sorry guys alright now that
you're dry you have to electrify both
generators at the same time the easiest
way to do this is to cast an area spell
do this by pressing and holding the left
trigger okay great
okay left trigger is area why is self
right trigger is another thing arcane
type beam arcane damage explosive heels
undead yeah okay so obviously we need
some lightning then we need some arcane
what does the arcane do I said turn it
into a beam oh no sorry I'm not supposed
to use this here generator it's too far
away to reach of lightning you'll
continue lighting and earth because they
are opposite to each other oh oh
lightning and earth are opposite so it
makes it go further Hey
oh wait you can't because they're
opposite oh yes come on lightning and
earth because they're opposites to each
other so to extend the Lisa frightening
at our Kane did you just weren't aiming
properly
it was working you're just hitting the
wall oh there you go
alright great I played a little bit of
this once and it seemed need okay before
I got distracted with something else I
forgot what yeah
the cellar is flooded oh I can use cold
motherfucker
but it's slippery
there we go nice water oh I wonder what
I'm supposed to do with water learning
this game is like learning a musical
instrument Oh a fine rich have you ever
seen a UFO I was very young I remember
somewhat seeing look like a metallic
sphere floating in the sky uh-huh
however I'm a very practical person and
it's like probably fucking weather
balloon and I was good it was fun to
pretend I had seen a UFO but the back of
my head my hands probably something
reasonable it's probably something
reasonable yeah
so you did yes I see something saw
something rounded metallic looking which
is what weather balloons look like the
sky Panna smashing navigate through your
list of magic with the d-pad and when he
selected oh so lightning arcane fire
it's because you're using a gamepad it's
twice as challenging great I guess the
combos are really easy where you just
hit the button for lightning rather than
going through a menu oh sure the two
plus three then you know it's probably
really easy to do sure then I ever see a
Bigfoot in the woods no because nobody
has ever actually seen a Bigfoot in the
woods rich ever done drugs not a single
time in my life ever okay your dicks I
don't know who you are but get out of
here I've had people in my family with
them substance abuse problems and why
the fuck would I even want to put a foot
down that road
rickets caffeine well yeah if you want
to bump on caffeine everything's a
fucking drug technically yeah like
waters dragon no that's not what what is
what technically makes a drug jeez that
was cheese not a drug no cheese has
nutrition when you put it on your body
and it releases endorphins because you
like cheese no I can controlled some -
substance something that alters your
state of mind do caffeine count yes I
mean is you know it's it's not a it's
not a hard drug but it is technically a
controlled substance whoever whoever
said that is just being a dick I know I
know
because caffeine is obviously the the
weakest rickets 47 says hey guys
will you ever stream on other one of
those Sierra adventure games the police
quest and Space Quest dreams were great
possibly sooner or later jack are you
not enjoying this is my honest question
because I'll play if you're not enjoying
this get them with the thing it's not
necessarily my thing okay it's not the
waste is that the waste thing
I mean we're through all of the good
police quest games yeah you said
everything else is like a
point-and-click right
well not everything else like some of
the early kings quest but they don't
have a lot of good dialogue there
they're very simplistic okay relatively
speaking yeah we did three and I forget
what wasn't working about three the
three wasn't working for a good stream
one of the weird spells found
ingredients there was a wizard oh yeah
that was weird we can always play some
more Space Quest at some point oh yeah
we've only done the Space Quest one so
we could definitely do that I'll be down
with them Space Quest 3 is funny I know
space quest for a Space Quest 3 is like
one of my favorites yeah we can get
through the Space Quest games quest for
glory is great but it's too grindy for a
stream there's a lot of worrying about
what your stats are in quest for glory
ok quest for glory 2 is the absolute
best that's the pinnacle of Sierra games
quest for glory 2
but then you gotta worry about not
having the proper stats for this or that
right yeah no you know generally our
streams like that are a little more a
little more looser a little a little
lighter just because we're concerned
about making the jokes so yeah but we
could definitely use a space quest to
end space quest 3 okay those are fun
games okay
okay I've played some of the first
Pikmin game and I'm rich doesn't like
real time strategies but I've played
some of the first Pikmin game and I
thought it was pretty cute I did I
didn't finish it but
fucking goblins what would a rich review
of the Mass Effect series son like if he
had never played three it has no ending
Dyanne fire Oh goblins are weak against
fire that's like it's like the
indoctrination Theory there's a fan
theory a popular fan theory that the
ending of Mass Effect is is really just
some kind of hallucination because the
Reapers are brainwashing you and and in
that case you have exchanged a terrible
ending for no ending proponents of the
indoctrination theory gave themselves
nothing
I get it they're getting meta rich
they're getting meta still a better
ending somehow yes so not having an
ending is better than yes yes but it's
still terrible okay
rich is only on mass effect as people
keep asking about it yes
I can't wait for Andromeda to go away ah
Vytas oh cool this is not working well
this is not working try fire I think I
could be a magician jack what all right
use it myself
Thelma's no satisfying ending just like
real life
well if I wanted real life I wouldn't be
playing a fucking video game video game
fantasy adventure that's the whole point
hey rich there's a crash to desktop
spell are you kidding so like you know
we learned that one the haste yeah yeah
revive haste you do nope oh wait wait no
that's not how I did I forget right why
to cast it on yourself oh it's got a
different robe did you did you just die
I don't know
yeah I did I just died defeated okay
yeah oh how silly okay that's very silly
that they would do such a thing okay to
have to talk to the funny exclamation
point lady again I do
why a firefighter
what has a better ending with no man's
sky Mass Effect 3 or Revenge of the Sith
I know Mass Effect 3 is on the bottom of
that list no come on no man's sky has a
no ending yeah I know that's still
better than the Mass Effect ending
terrible your arch enemy talks you into
committing horrible disgusting suicide
because they were right all along
cuz they were right all along
actually not your archenemy
it's really a character that's just
introduced in the last 10 minutes of the
game who I guess is kind of in charge
oh he but is he also your archenemy
saygus technically this is part of the
reaper thing but the character was never
mentioned until the ending of the game
you know oh well your final your villain
do an epic this 120 hour adventure to be
introduced in the last 10 minutes that's
always a good idea the doomsday problem
god I do yes I did see no clips next
next documentary is all about the
witness as part of their series of
mysterious games they did their thing on
frog fractions recently now they're
doing something on the witness you know
I'm sure it's gonna be a great
documentary even though I didn't much
care for the game
best moment in the Mass Effect series
cutting them all up on camera
ya know I can just fire huh
a happy ending mod I have heard about
that it doesn't change the fact that the
rest of the games kind of bad doesn't
get rid of the deus ex machina de yes
it's it's de Deus machina stay us ex I
made a us I'm pretty sure it's how it's
pronounced there's a deus ex machina
yeah it doesn't get rid of that yeah and
it doesn't change the fact that the last
mission is like the dullest mission in
the series so it's still an anti and
extreme anti climax
mmm-hmm because my suspect is still a
bad game outside of the ending Mass
Effect 3 sure even if they nailed that
end even if they nailed the ending if
they if they had nailed the ending yeah
it would have been the equivalent of
Return of the Jedi all around less
satisfying but it was good enough okay
it kind of stuck the landing I'll go
back and play number two yeah skip how
much ham libbing did we shoot for horse
ninja we shot the entire discussion with
Freddie before he filmed anything with
Lenny so they had pretty much the entire
review portion with us talking was
ad-libbed can I can I be real with you
for a second yeah I have never
understood this whole Sarah Jessica
Parker it looks like a horse thing I
don't care it was a mid for a good joke
I wasn't oh no no I wasn't legitimately
for the record I wasn't legitimately
trying to put surrogate none of us were
trying to put her down but there's that
whole running thing that's the no no
that and that's always been the joke
with her I've never got like I Dana I
don't think she's an attractive lady but
it's like I've never understood this
whole there's a bit with her and Ed Wood
do I really look like a horse that's
probably word comes from no no no it was
it was long before yeah yeah that's been
her running gag but that's been a
grunting gay against her for forever
I've just never ever understood it it's
a lazy jerk ma T we're not perfect
works for the horse ninja trailer we
were fucking ad-libbing
distr says speaking of magic oh it's
just me or as magical dispel from
ducktales hot it was just you she looked
like a cartoon duck so not only cartoon
that was a cartoon duck yes just putting
that out there
look Jessica Rabbit was a card too and
she was hot she was not a duck it was
not an actual dark no no you want to use
five elements in all spells for most
damage even the same element five times
does more damage okay and with it
fire this is not bad nope that goblin
was slapping his button
okey-dokey great that's good to know
I learned to rain confused oh I should
try to confuse that could be fun
that could be fun yes is it neat finding
new combinations for stuff I don't know
we're gonna find out so just confuse
them then one in the back you got oh
he's got question marks over his head
and somebody else hit him might might
work against like something bigger fire
like if you got like a big ogre or
something I don't have their big ogres
in this oh yeah well that's an
electrocution yeah if I could shoot some
electric beams at their ass well these
guys are they get hurt more by fire
let's actually do a pretty great job
let's try this oh yeah that's that's the
shed Jack that seems to really that's
the shit
yeah confused could work against an ogre
confused could work doo doo doo doo doo
I can see where the fun wood would be in
co-opting this well I'm gonna hook this
up no you can keep dad I'm still
figuring out if you the fair you said
hey listen if you die I will hate you
okay
it's cute you know what this game is
cute hello villagers okay
altameyer saying Jack you were horse
ninja on the phone talking on the phone
weren't you no he was not no you know
why because when when when Lana has an
acting role he takes that to the limit
it was 100% Len 100% Len in the horse
mask I do appear in the horse ninja and
you can probably guess who it is now
because it's the only other person I'm
holding the boom mic that was my big job
what they speak in kind of a funny way
yeah yeah there's a grams workshop
obviously it's I'm gonna take on Games
Workshop holy fuck
did that kill me trying to kill me so
you just get infinite lives
no no vent so you fail
Wow all right so don't be too close to
the exploding ones with the bombs listen
I'm still figuring this out is there
like wind can you like combined wind
into water for like freezing well I have
a fret just of freezing oh I kind of
wear freeze the bomb ones oh I first I
didn't know which ones were the bomb
ones but I thought it probably wasn't a
big bomb sack on the back jack why were
you credited as being horse ninja was he
I was credited as being involved
involved with I was credited as being an
actor okay
okay he's guy holding boom mic hem guy
holding boom mic why I might have been
first accredited first maybe that's
where the confusion comes from maybe
maybe I believe I'm credited first and
you know was there any discussion on
whether or not to credit London for the
horse ninja review did anyone want to
leave him out of the credits to stick to
the joke no I don't believe there was
any conversation like that at least none
that I heard Ben know really great
reason for it I I'm surprised they they
listed us in the credits I am yeah I I
figured they would stick with the joke
yeah that would be a question to ask
Mike and Jamie I'm not sure which one of
them editor don't know if might get
eternity edited yeah you know you can do
it he's blown right up
you know what fire lightning yeah that's
what I did
yeah I can't get too close all right oh
no oh no you're slowed down I'm slow
down because too many spells get off me
there we go
fire lightning fight then oh wait no
that's not you do it it said they both
it okay okay I don't know who did
probably one of them did the review and
one of them did the full ride oh why
isn't he on fire there we go
there we go
what you were walking next to the bombs
that were on the ground oh damn it
there's a lot of stuff being edited
right now I don't know who was exactly
doing one mm-hmm
there's so much stuff being edited I
took care of the guys oh oh oh no you
can you can drive you can definitely
drown yeah so one of them edited the
review portion out I would assume and
then I would assume I have no idea how
that really went down oh that would just
be practical
yeah and then the other the other
focused on sticking in the relevant
parts into whack a crack fire fire get
off me nope too close
what Jack Bodie what would you say the
odds of Len being in an episode of best
of the worst art I mean any low right
lens already been in an epic lens
already been in an episode yes yeah why
and why do that twice why would we do
that twice that's the real question
probably won't be the next one though if
he is if he is I have no idea you know
there's no way to know there's no way to
know one there's no way to know -
there's just no way to know the fight
scenes in horse ninja looked not
terrible did Len choreograph those says
listen alpha-alpha ketta the trip i'll
put K 2 alpha K death trap
well you know if you have like you know
land around who is a professional fight
choreographer why would you why would
you want to use them for that
why would you do that but also
Christopher is a fight choreographer oh
yeah yeah Christopher the other guy I
didn't know he did that - he did he does
it locally he does fight choreography
locally so not to put it of course I
know I just didn't know that oh yeah
they were talking about it during during
the shoot a lot I shoulda played oh
that's right you did show yeah yeah yeah
and so like they kind of figured it out
together you know like Mike Jay and I
were all just kind of like hey this
would kind of look cool Mike of court
Mike and Jay knew all of the stuff that
was supposed to be happening in the in
the story and then it was just like yeah
this could be fun this could be cool
Richard snark level is higher than
usually bad day good day I love snark
have you don't fall in the water
I see the bomb I see the bomb running
away tiny jack freeze this fuckers why
do that when I can just boil up
okay great so now this time I won't jump
off the pier try and freeze the water
well I could do that I'm gonna shock
freezes separate from water you think
they but you know we'd like to be clever
to combine two things to get freezing
you know added gameplay
that's it this doesn't look like it goes
anywhere oh no its melting and I'm stuck
watching the shirt not the pure walk to
the shore walk to the shore again son of
a bitch son of a bitch game relevant
horse ninja credits
that's just like a quarter of a million
combinations you can do we've read do
you know anyone who still pays for
America Online no I do not
is that still a thing yeah like I know
it's still a website but can't like are
they still a service provider I don't
that and I doubt they do that right
actually they love it could be under by
now I haven't heard about them going
under completely yeah you think it'd be
like RadioShack when you hear about it
it's like why didn't this happen sooner
right it's so shocking they were still
around it's a news story see this might
be where you're confused comes in handy
oh yeah no I'm just saying like what
kind of five can I get so I have ice so
I can't put fire in there I have ice
busts well maybe we can I put water no
water okay listen I'm trying to figure
out all the different things I can put
in my spell let's see this
nope yslow yeah
why are you melting a model of ice I
thought it might do extra damage I don't
know I don't know I got this check out
this it seems weak lightning that seemed
to do a better job I want to try to
confuse them confuse is beam shield and
lightning and running away what did i do
what did i do did I can what did I do
you didn't confuse him you get a hint
you what some kind of weird bomb attack
right oh my god no that's right I don't
think you're confused I don't think I'm
confusing him are you hitting why oh
that's why no you got a hit you have to
be apparently though if I have that
combination I drop bombs
well the confuse you sometimes you
finally you used area of attack Oh dad
what's that shield of fire shield fire
rock who says it sets up a little
blockade okay so now what's confused I
would you know what I would do
freedom then hit them with some rocks
that's what's gonna do bonus if anything
does bonus damage it gets frozen it's
gonna be rocks okay I'm with you shield
and lightning now he's confused
so now we're gonna freeze him
running away and then fire fire rock
rock rock why are you putting any fire
in there you just melted him you just
thought him out
don't stop putting water in there those
are water separated fire in there
oh that rocket I'm pretty good ground
isn't super effective against ice okay
well I put up a shield that's neat can
you shoot through the shield oh this
seems like once you once you like get a
good feel for the combos useful combos
oh yeah this could be really super
fucking fun oh yeah and you like on the
gamepad it's actually not so bad just
learning the combinations like yes one
is which it's not so bad I could see how
being on a keyboard this would be a ton
faster get him what then lightning that
sounds good
oh you didn't you didn't pick that one
till now I'm just not a natural life so
try with these guys yeah
oh yeah that does a lot more damage fire
fire fire break free
work
we checked out any other games and
paradoxes library if we if we haven't
been paying attention to who did it
possibly I think I've done something
else they've they've made actually
didn't they do Helldivers I have no idea
paradox is this not the Helldiver stuff
I think I might have just healed that
one does this game make me like Wizards
fictionally no as a fun gameplay
mechanic yes
yeah so trying to figure out sounds like
if you do like rock shield cuz this this
game is just like Helldivers this game
actually has some I know it does I know
it does I only say that half jokingly
it's like I think once once you're good
at this like like this can can control
areas since sense of humor perspective
twin-stick kind of vaguely twin-stick
there's a little bit more complicated
than just pointing and shooting though
yeah yeah oh yeah this guy could
definitely see this being made by the
Helldivers group fire rock shield then
you get a little barricade here that
they have to work that with now look
they that you set themselves on fire
like a bunch of assholes they did this
the sequel and Helldivers they mainly
our co-op there's a sequel to this that
I believe is more multiplayer centric
Rock fire fire blow it up yeah this
would be very good with cooperation I
can see that I can see that working
maybe maybe in a future stream oh wow
you do it it's a bit late for me to
learn how to play the game but I think
we I think we can come back to this
water cast water hey I did it I did it
rich did you've ever listened to love
line a few times yes
it's a radio show where kids would call
in about their various relationship
issues or drug addictions it was an odd
combination I listen a love line I
listen to love line though you know what
that was a fine show very if that was a
very mpre show I remember when Adam
Carolla was funny
damn not close enough
fucking die whoo-hoo okay
I'm making it do you have infinite lives
no I think you only have you only have
like two at any given time and I think
it takes a while for your fairy to come
back like you're okay okay so no if you
died twice in quick succession then you
have to start like the from the
checkpoint yeah yeah
handsome Rob's is rich I finally played
vanquish god damn was it amazing most
underappreciated game possibly ever yes
set up giant log that is a giant fire
Jack fire oh I was just gonna go to
there's a cave over there I was gonna go
to oh I guess that works too but did you
do that weak-ass fire really a giant
fucking along you just do nothing
the road is black so let's find another
way around oh no god damn it invisible
walls or just walls in this case
get off me rich what are your thoughts
in the Deus Ex universe while not gonna
pretend to be a Deus Ex expert I haven't
even finished mankind or not Mike how
was the human revolution because other
games we needed to play he got in the
way but as a universe all I could I was
enjoying it I was digging it yeah I
didn't play I didn't play mankind
divided I didn't get there oh yeah that
was when I was like a lot of people say
it's bad we're messy horrid deus ex fans
oh yeah well then there you go so yeah
now got my fairy with me so I can I say
it feels unfinished Kali ma no Jack no
shield but if she'll buy yourself time
doing it I'm doing it that's not what I
wanted to do lightning lightning fire
fire no it's great but it ends suddenly
oh well okay the ending came so suddenly
I wasn't expecting it hey free
motherfuckers shit
take care of these fucking archers
is it is it unfinished because it's a
prequel and the original Deus Ex had to
really wrap up those plot threads was
the problem that was trying to be a
prequel very possible lund flack since
qisas jack what is the best couple from
lost and why is it Desmond and penny
oh I've also never read a comic book
what are some good tentpole comics to
read never read a comic book that's not
terribly shocking that's that's just how
many issues if any kind of you they sold
you know it's a dying industry but it's
like that's such an open-ended question
where it's like I don't even know where
to tell you this what start
what are your interest like I could tell
you preacher is like the best thing ever
but if you're like really religious so
god that'd be a mistake right like what
are you into in distance superheroes the
end of the psychics why the last man
that that ends in oh and a whimper why
why limps to the finish line you know
what what kind of stuff do you like
reading about I I've been really
enjoying Harbinger which is a comic
about people with psychic abilities I
think it has really interesting and
complicated characters The Watchmen is
great I'm not sure it's baby's first
comic Clark oh no that is not something
the Watchmen is not a good first comic
it's it's it's a deconstruction of
something you're not familiar with this
right right what else is good but
there's I mean there's a lot there's a
lot of good man I don't know there's a
lot of good in the world
as far as comics are concerned ultimate
spider-man
ooh ultimate spider-man you can you can
get pretty far into ultimate spider-man
before you have to modern ultimate or
like the original ultimate like miles or
Peter Parker peanut well oh yeah Peter
Parker okay yeah if you didn't start
start with Peter Parker ultimate
spider-man so that was a great series
all-star Superman that was some fun
stuff oh shit I woke up another troll oh
that's not what I wanted that's what I
wanted to fire animus prime says Jack
yeah thank you for answering my video
creator questions probably while you
were on break taking a dump
what I said I said rich since Len was
there does that mean we are going to see
the shoes and lose again no I don't I
don't think the choose and lose exists
anymore
the thing was everything was fucking
made out of paper wasn't that built to
last
blob Jesus watching the Rick and Morty
season premiere and it's glorious
do you guys have a favorite episode lol
Rick my Morty oh god I don't have a
fucking favorite the unity episode is
pretty damn good but there are a lot of
really good Rick and Morty episodes the
love-potion gone wrong that's that's
pretty fun the ending is the ending of
that is great
oh the memory parasites yeah that look
there's a lot of fuckin good Rick if you
can just name anyone and yeah that's
that's up there and they're running for
best one it's just a damn fine show come
on
what did I do I didn't conjure lightning
though son of a bitch what did you
actually think of Mass Effect Andromeda
I am never going to play it that part of
the review dead honest
shit
rich but what about anything you heard
of it the only thing I know is the
facial animations are fucked up I don't
give a shit
hey I now hate that universe I am very
bitter about it obviously I died
horribly in Mass Effect 3 I don't exist
in Mass Effect Andromeda horribly and
unsatisfactorily
Richmond you have played it if Shepard
returned no it's too late it's dead stop
asking me about it that's why we made
the video what was my favorite sunset
hey I haven't ranked sunsets
yeah but I'm I am I am the equivalent of
a battered housewife and I don't care
but how much my spouse claims they have
changed their ways yeah I am NOT taking
them back that's that's the correct call
rich you are strong independent a strong
independent woman yes and there is no
forgiveness in my heart as there should
not be I feel the same way about Doctor
Who by the way yeah yeah doctor who is
such a great show for so long and then
it just kept consistently getting worse
and worse and worse and and eventually
you know like you'reyou're watching
Doctor Who and it's so bad and you're
like why am I even fucking watching this
anymore because you're you're you're
battered housewife
Oh
I'm looking for that just just an
interesting comment about just literally
anything else I could talk about
literally anything else
AJ pimp salsas thanks again for the
great dissol to review guys when you
guys reviewed blood-borne you said it
might be a system buying game is breath
the wild worth purchasing the switch for
thanks it might be it might be the the
issue with Zelda breath of the wild is
you can also get it for the Wii U and
that would be cheaper than buying a
switch the question is is do you think
there's going to be anything coming out
in the future you might want a switch
form or is the portability a factor for
you
but I mean if you're if you're not if
you're not hard up for cash I I would
say yes it is a system seller question
is which system
when Jack is busy fighting a snake I'm
fighting a big snake if you like the
idea of gaming on the go it's a it's a
great Zelda game you should get the
Zelda game where you get it is up to you
man
I played Batman Arkham origins
yes I like it better than Arkham Knight
the problem with Arkham origins is that
it's essentially the exact fucking same
map as Arkham City if they sold that as
like a expansion pack like a really a
really elaborate DLC I don't think
people would have hated on Arkham
origins yeah yeah they sold it as a
separate game but it's it's it's the
greatest add-on of all time is the is
game problem there we go there we go now
you're on fire it works even though they
didn't get kevin conroy or Mark Hamill
for it oh wow that's not something
that's saying a lot
how do the snakes wait man
Arkham night worst Arkham game uh yeah
as a game as a story I think it's kind
of cool as a game it's it's really a
step down from all of the other Arkham
games which you know the end result
makes it okay good that's a good start
you know the gameplay isn't terrible
it's just dumbed down and the Batmobile
is just stupid but they fucking like oh
god the stealth is so just so dumb down
multi take down multi take down large
map with two guys multi take down it's
gotta be a better way to deal with this
guy is arkham knight worth it for
someone who never played any Arkham game
if you're a huge Batman fan yes if
you're not play one of the other Arkham
games because the Batmobile bits are
really just terrible they should have
fucking called that game tank commander
lame tank commander puzzle tank
I'm wet rich have you read the original
amazing spider-man comics or where did
you start with the series um I just
started just by just reading some ninety
spider-man comic books cuz that was what
was new at the time when I was in the
comic book store yeah I started reading
around Eric Larson's run as artists but
as much as I love Eric Larson I love his
artwork when what really got me hooked
on spider-man though was you know this
is back when continuity mattered and
you'd see the blurbs referencing things
that happened in like past issues right
and that got me buying back issues and
what what I really fell in love with
were like 80s era spider-man comic books
Roger Stern's run Roger stern and
junior-junior
Oh fucking love those issues that's what
made me love spider-man interesting and
as far as the original because you know
it's still ongoing it's still the
original amazing spider-man right well
it may have changed the numbering by now
I know they switched the numbering at
some point but then they went back to
the old numbering like you know issue
600 or whatever they got up to they
probably rebooted since then and it's
number ones but I've I've read all of
the Stan Lee did Co comics I them the
Marvel master works oh yeah those are
fun and you know what those are really
easy to collect I'd get one of those in
like a Christmas or a birthday because
those were expensive back in the day the
hardcover ones
oh yeah the hardcover ones are still is
that was like that was like Christmas or
birthday presents yeah but now they have
they have like paperback the essentials
these are black and white though they're
white they're great they're still great
stories a lot of fun
Steve Ditko's artist is really really
good for making you feel like young
Peter Parker is just in over his head it
looks like he's about to break yeah at
any given moment with Steve Ditko and
then as much as I can appreciate John
Romita senior it just looks like soap
opera art after that happy-go-lucky
Peter that as much as that's the iconic
spider-man look that that book loses its
old for a while
Stanley's phoning it in and and John
Romita Jr a senior is just drawing
pretty people
there's goddamn background in romance
comics shining through hey can I not do
this then I confuse the big snake
I would love to confuse the big snake
but rich Evans knows that spider-man
should be dark and gritty it's a balance
spider-man is a balancing act always has
been
spider-man's about the highs and lows
the ups and the downs the quips and the
guilts you need you need that little bit
of drama to make it real the fun and the
pressure yeah well that's the thing
that's why you need that drama is is he
needs to have he needs to be a normal
kid with a normal life and that's what
makes him going out on these adventures
is so fantastical
I gotta use beam-weapons let's try a
fire beam well that kind of did some
damage
it only does damage on his head though
and I don't exactly know how to hit him
in the head that's no problem rich
I'm sorry jack can you can even like
freeze him or something huh Keith no no
cuz though his body won't freeze Yeah
right and so I'm trying to find like the
right thing that'll take him down and I
can't quite figure it out thanks for
answering my questions have you read the
Peter Parker ultimate spider-man and do
you like it as much at first
ultimate spider-man the Peter Parker
version not the Miles Morales which I
have not read not saying it's bad I have
just have not read it starts off great
it starts off like kind of no in the
spirit of the old classic spider-man
comics but just more detailed like
ultimate spider-man actually made me
give a shit about Ben Parker as a
character before they killed him off oh
yeah no and you know what great art
great arts but then Begley yeah Mark
Bagley Begley that's great great fucking
great artists great at drawing action
Bagley his spider-man is fluid the
Spider Man has always feels like he's in
motion yeah Todd McFarlane would he draw
spider-man he seemed like a series of
static images mark Merck Bagley's
spider-man felt like he was jumping
across the page yeah so basically
ultimate starts off it's a slow pace you
have to read it in larger chunks you
have to get like the collect you can't
read it it's very hard to read it's like
individual issues not that anyone would
do that now anyway right but starts off
great and then Michael Brian Bendis
makes the mistake of every single story
arc has to be the most dramatic thing
that has ever happened and he he he he
never lets it slow down and have fun
ultimate spider-man and that's the
downfall of the book does every every
story arc has to be the worst thing that
has ever happened and eventually it just
becomes too exhausting to read yeah
the first 20 to 30 issues though some of
the best spider-man ever written
oh yeah easily and I kept reading I read
all the original run the the firt the
bay Bendis Bagley run I read all of 100
issues of the Bendis Bagley run
Bendis was the writer yeah Brian Michael
Bendis and you know I was like was I
saying it the other way around Michael
Brian Bendis I don't know Mark Brian
Michael Mark Bagley and Brian Michael
Bendis Brian Michael Bendis and Bendis
has written a lot did you read his
powers book I know I know you have and
you enjoyed it yeah it's fine it's fine
book I was ultra disappointed with the
PlayStation original but it's it's it's
briefly and by briefly you get like you
know 30 issues before it really starts
getting exhausting yeah it's some of the
best spider-man ever written yeah
yeah good good books that'd be it you
know what that'd be a good place to
start the ultimate books good arts good
stories ultimate spider-man that's a
great place to start
rich what freaked me about vanquish was
a character had the same first and last
name as me yeah has that ever happened
to you not with a game but and some kind
of like you know one of them in his
Disney phase Kurt Russell plays a
character called rich Evans I think I
knew that so Kurt Russell had the honor
of playing rich Evans yes rich
so you don't little lion is the ultimate
spider-man becomes asked when they start
doing their version of the Clone Saga oh
my god yeah once you get ultimate
carnage yeah once you get to ultimate
carnage - stop reading the book is dead
just start it off I'm done are you done
done I can't play this okay this i this
i'm sure it's me i'm not chat i need you
to settle down because i'm about to say
something
I'm sure this fight was my fault like I
am NOT saying anything negative about
the game but like you saw me whittle
away self I'm sure I was doing something
wrong right but I don't have it in me to
figure out what I was doing wrong yeah
to make this a good fight so probably
probably like those landmines like when
he comes up he gets hit with a landmine
oh maybe yeah maybe that but that snake
fight I was talking I was fighting with
that snake most of the time and then I
died at the end Oh Jack you still watch
you girl yes I think about giving up on
it don't give up on Supergirl you can
give up on any of those super girls
still pretty good even though they're
going through a whole like love story
thing right now they're going through a
whole like Romeo and Juliet thing where
she's a girl from Krypton and a boy from
Dax 'im is uh they're falling in love
and and his Dax and my parents just came
back and like Dax him and Krypton were
sister planets but opposite in every way
you know talking about like do I ever
Krypton
Krypton was all about like kindness and
science and Dax and was all about
debauchery and partying but she's like
teaching him how to be a good person and
he wants to hang out with Supergirl but
his parents wants him to return to Dax
um to rebuild their empire but he's not
going to because he wants to stay with
Supergirl so we all know how it's going
to end by the way I oh no I like Monell
has been a great character by the way
because he's like he's very light
hearted but here's and I haven't seen
anything
recently I haven't seen the last few
episodes but I will tell you exactly how
it's going to end they're gonna they're
already in love they're dating yeah and
they're gonna fall super in love and
super girls gonna say I can't go on
without you and he's gonna he's gonna
say hit listen I need to return to daksa
m-- to teach my people how to be good
like you super girl or he decided to say
what super girl and then he does we
could die
I think he's gonna return to back some
to be like the ultimate good guy to be
like I'm gonna leave my people the right
way is there he's the Prince of daksa
isn't there weakness like iron like you
know Kryptonians a weak to kryptonite
method axons they're weak to iron irons
like everywhere
oh I that hasn't been brought up in
super okay okay that could be but no III
can sense it coming so much cuz his evil
parents showed up oh god it'll be a
cheap wedding ring that kills him Oh
head leg your right leg thank you
lead the weak leg oh my god so if he
just gets shot with a blade shot with a
fucking bullet it's all over jackal
that's hilarious
that's hilarious but super girls super
girls really fun the flash has been good
they are weak to lead and can't see
through kryptonite Oh Oh old school DC
you are so adorable they are they silver
age they they just did a real that just
did a really cheesy thing and that's
saying something for a flash and
Supergirl they just did a really cheesy
thing with flash and Supergirl both sure
both shows were getting a little both
shows were getting a little deep we're
getting a little dark a lot of really a
lot of relationship problems a lot of
on-again off-again relationship problems
both the flash and Supergirl and so they
did a flash Supergirl crossover episode
with the music Meister yeah the person
who can hypnotize you and put you in a
musical for the sole purpose of getting
them over
both of them over their relationship
issues okay it does like nothing for the
story both of them were in a bad place
with their partners and now they're like
super happy and in love again just
because I think the show saw that it was
it was dealing with that too much like
how do we end this
okay how can we end this in the
cheesiest way possible a musical a
musical let me get through the tips oh
yeah sorry no no no problem you're
talking about interesting things keep
talking about interesting things I just
don't want to forget this toilet box is
rich have you gone back and played
either of the first two mass effect
games Mass Effect 3 burn the art to the
Mass Effect 2 still holds up see why I
have to keep talking for the for the
80th time I tried playing the older Mass
Effect games once it felt like going to
a funeral it wasn't an enjoyable
experience the series the franchise is
dead to me this Audubon 941 says hey
rich and Jack after missing the
bandwagon I played the pacifist runs
undertale and can't stop thinking about
it
any thoughts on the game after some time
PS save me some juicy shack meat mm-hmm
I enjoy that it's a cute game secure
games cute game I have no I don't think
we have to save any more to do the
actual ending and fortunately I wanted I
wanted to go back to it and and I have
no no urge at all to go back to it it
was like it was cute I liked it all the
voices we did mm-hmm I think if I would
have played that on my own I wouldn't
have made it as far as we did but
because we were doing the voices I had a
great time so yeah it was cute it's
clever its clever and I could appreciate
the effort agreed agreed
evil art David says hey reg David here I
refuse to play the new Mass Effect for
similar reasons and have protested the
new game in my own way
I encourage you to hurt to refer to it
as Mass Effect I'm done with you okay
all right all right I'm done with good
god father 42
have you read the annihilation event
which relaunched cosmic marvel great art
great stories led to Nova and then
guardians of the galaxy well I have not
been reading comic books for a long time
kind of reads comic books a little bit
yeah but I don't like space comics you
know like space comics I don't like
space comics that is not like space
comics which is weird what no you know
why cuz space comics space comics get
too big and and after a while like when
you are fighting literal incarnations of
gods I just can't I can no longer
connect to those characters is there a
little bit too much superhero in with
your science fiction you know that's
maybe the problem because you know I
mean I like Star Trek yeah I really
enjoy Star Trek I really enjoy a hard
science fiction but then you know
superhero tales are just supposed to be
this like empowerment fantasy and when
you have someone punching I don't know a
God of anger or whatever it's I can't I
can't be there I can't be there rich
would you play Star Wars The Old
Republic now that it's free because it
has great voice acting and great stories
yeah because there's nothing I love more
than Bioware and Star Wars rich you love
the entire Star Wars universe you said
this on multiple occasions you're such a
big star wars fans they're fine as all I
needed you know what they're three
really good I got that there's a three
really good movies - two of them are
fucking amazing movies one okay movies
okay they need to be okay what is okay
what it need to be okay and then few
great games TIE fighter in the dark
forces seriously I'm done that's all I
need get it out of a face I don't like
Jedi's they're stupid
I don't like monks fucking hate mugs
check they don't even need to be
training like they hang out with Yoda
for a week and that's all the training
they need because the magic magic magic
magic I'm not sure the prequels then you
need to be trained in tiny where a
tadpole or won't stick her oh it's thick
right
it would be great if we could all learn
classic classic yeah I'm super strong
now hello man so you're gonna subscribe
today
god dammit okay see what up man just
said something that's not even worth
repeating he just grub lub-dub no
repeats that over and over again no
problem there I read your tip kind of
dumb we know that that's from a thing he
said that from a show okay well thank
you for the tip though now is the time
in which we will thank all the people
who subscribe to us listening to rich
just like listening to Judy Garland
tapes after she went crazy yeah okay so
this is the point in which we thank all
the people who subscribe to us during
this dream much like Kay's 87 for twenty
eight fucking months in a row and Kay's
87 says still playing Zelda even though
I beat the main story and got all
shrines two weeks ago all the shrines
that's impressive two weeks ago that's
impressive yes purple space bazooka 26
fucking months in a row says hey guys 26
months in a row and I'm grateful to be a
part of this wonderful hack Ferrari
thank you for everything you do you're
welcome Chakotay has culture bradster
made Toad decimals first 17 months in a
row so decimals says happy 17th
anniversary next month we can finally
make porn
18 years not ten months before you're of
age that's a whole yeah big difference
between 17 months and years less you're
talking about like a cosmic or geologic
time when there's not much of a
difference at all
strange I'd be very strange it's
unbelievably large amount of time for
like like a fruit fly
they can't even conceive of a month
that's true that's true
the the this is the time scale scales
just this guy you know 27 fucking months
in a row oh you missed regice regice
cubes hiding undertow decimal it looks
like hard like this the deal anyway look
like part of the tip dimension doesn't
writing the the sentence that's fine
dysphoria blues
Atticus Rex and Atticus Rex says I
watched ghost in the shell' this morning
and I thought it kind of sucked there's
one before that there's one no but said
this guy's gonna be an eye because we
start with a capital yeah I am Brazil
and gobbledygook who has subscribed to
us for 37 fucking months even get that
towards the camera you know we can't
keep doing this every time cuz it's
gonna it's gonna get to a point where
like a third of the people over the 36
months jack we can't well I'm not
cleaning that up every damn stream what
well I what we talked about was just on
36 36 we missed 36 for gobbledygook so
he gets it on 37 but wait
it was happening new on 36 well that's
the new this is the first one we've seen
that's been over 36 is the first one
unfortunately whatever reason we missed
the 32 missed the 36 but so for every
one for the 36 we'll get a champagne
popper and now rich we have to think of
something for 37 mr. Govan against mr.
you mr. just see how much fun it is
already gobbledygook says over three
years of laughs sincere cheer give it up
to a great crew love general gar says
rich could you at some point
talk about your your little options on
gaming mice with adjustable dpi lol FMC
I I just I don't do anything too fancy I
just got a logitech what is the GFI I
forget well that that's that's that's
not the one I have at home
okay what's the g600 the g5 it's kind of
number I don't remember what the fucking
number is goddamnit
no I've been using it for years mm-hm
which one is it which one is it my Pasha
tech gaming mouse I don't know because
they because it's just a stupid number
and it's not a memorable name right you
know for me a lot of gaming mice have a
lot of thumb buttons but I like the ones
with extra finger buttons yeah I don't
like the thumb but there's just multiple
dpi settings and you just change it with
a button press yeah those are nice I
have a nice cheap gaming mouse it works
great
is it streaming it is which is looking
up his gaming mouse but it is ending we
are we are we have we're yeah we're
we're reading the subscribing it up
better buy another one
Kyle stop someone it sooner or later
right I mean it's not gonna come up with
something better
the g700 that's it why'd you take g700
is the one I use at home lots of buttons
I like I like programmable buttons
that's that's a large part of my gaming
mouse decision-making yeah yeah yeah
that's got four buttons on the size
sides I use them all yeah as use all
four buttons and then you got the ones
that are like the giant keypads button
on the side there's just too many
buttons yeah there's something with like
a dozen that's meant for like wow
real-time strategy or League of Legends
yeah I have I have ones with
programmable buttons up on the top no
buttons on the phone yes just on that's
not because I like to grip it with my
thumb and then all the extra buttons for
my fingers on top yeah so I think you
rush your thumb on the side without
pushing in on the buttons that's it's
not I can't
general Gore uh-oh so Euler's number
megi 64 says happy birthday rich Evans
it is not my birthday
it's not even close hair pulling thank
you when it is your birthday happy but
it is my birthday I remember that and
keep that in mind
hair pull I was in Rome was a robe you
know I think she's roga no Road no space
Como 431 fucking months in a row says I
want that Moulin shesh Wan dipping sauce
Magnus PU 26 fucking months in a row
aimless course sir
insulin King 2016
says five months this makes the insulin
sweet and run thickest honey and all is
good on a serious note my wife found out
she is pregnant today an honor of you
all I propose we name it red letter
media that would be a horrible mistake
the worst thing you can do the worst
thing but almost almost as bad as naming
him Anakin I know I know you like Star
Wars but don't name your child after a
fictional serial killer I didn't even
think about that Anakin well I'm just
saying Anakin's a dumb man I named my
son after a fictional character who
murders children I just think it was a
dumb name
Anakin that's just a dumb name also
congratulations being a fat man 873 for
12 months in a row Qatar stars for 15
months and Roses sweet couch snap says
push scientists man oh man 1978 says
thanks meets that damn hippie for 28
fucking months in a row that same hippie
says I have been watching these guys
this long alright I know it's weird as
we're just so entertaining it flies
right by Elger not sergeant mop alger no
you got right al turn up I got old man
eyes the tiny tech sardonic mutation
Gino suave says hello my disk Jimmy Mick
awesome or axial 2051 vero uh rebel base
rebel bases been watching for longer but
I'm happy to get all of this content
from you guys welcome poop dick 507 nine
for nine months
yo you guys should play whatever you
want but play rocket League of them and
all we love rocket league they're coming
out with a fast and furious DLC Oh Drive
the fast and furious cars poke Alex in
the eyes makes sense it does but they're
kind of bringing cars yeah too fun
they're not like super fun yeah like the
back things like the DeLorean right I
really blew their water with a lime why
you got the DeLorean you don't need
anything else
ass not what prereq can do for you ask
what you can do for prereq Queen of the
One Ring that's a penny sky dandy for
thirty fucking months in a row a
Michelle 87 for 31 fucking months in a
row the blue prism top Robins twenty
five fucking months in a row says I need
another best of the worst guys one just
came out when was the last one come on
last week ago we gonna have another all
away the service two on the way just two
on the way and more stuff and there's
still more stuff that we have already
shot I guarantee you there are two and
editing yeah that's true that's true
Bob G M tilts right yep and tilt says hi
pineapple Yeti says feel feel good man
ping dot PNG feel good man dot PNG okay
last Napoleon cool Trainor Lee Hendy
says so hyped for my lightning-fast VCR
repair sure to come in the mail this
week awesome congratulations awesome
Theodore J Hooker 31 months and roses
whoo 31 fucking months in a row there we
go
Wilkins the clown for twenty six fucking
months in a row oz Baxter levied on City
without me
dr. gunther hooter hanker for 18 months
in a row says i don't know what to say
rich and Jack will read this it's my
only chance to impress this had better
be good we failed
atomic mousetrap thank you for
subscribing
we really appreciate I got to blow my
what you want to you really think I want
to make more of a mess you want a light
one off to end it you want to think I
want to make more of a mess on our
goddamn you know just just stop don't I
gotta clean this shit I got a I got a
that was great
