Jack Returns to PUBG (Part 2)
July 26, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fLNoTtUOFDQ

ready alright hey everybody I saw y'all
talking about judd apatow movies and
we're talking about the big sick which
if you haven't seen it yet go fucking
see it it's so amazing I saw some people
say that like most appetizing and maybe
I could see that but to me the story was
so good I was engaged at every turn so
if you have not seen the big sick yet
fan-fucking-tastic movie based off of a
real story about a Pakistani immigrant
falling in love with a white woman who
mysteriously gets sick and is put into a
medically induced coma very early on in
their relationship and then he has to
deal with her parents and his parents
and his parents don't know that he's
dating a white woman yeah
and they keep trying to set him up for
an arranged marriage while his
girlfriend who is a new girlfriend is
sick in a coma and so it's like a little
bit of drama it's it's terribly funny
because it's so depressing and dark okay
it's like depressing and darker than
they they find the humor in it Holly
Hunter Ray Romano are in it and there's
no way I'm gonna be able to pronounce
his name but the actor who's on Silicon
Valley and has a name that's hard to
pronounce for me okay Jack would like it
I did like it
I actually went to the theater it was
only playing at our indie theater
downtown I went by myself and watch it
in an afternoon matinee I fucking loved
it
Kumail Nanjiani is the name of the actor
writer and he wrote it you know then
Jionni then Jionni it's fine Kumail
Nanjiani
but fan-fucking-tastic movie if i mean
if you're its schmaltz right you got to
be okay with schmaltz and jenner but
it's very funny
and it's seen a semi-autobiographical
and
just good time it was a it was a great
movie going experience mostly because
it's one of those movies that you watch
it with an audience and everyone's kind
of laughing at different levels at
different times and it brings up the
whole thing and you can hear people get
emotional it's great I love movies
neither of us have seen Dunkirk riggins
47 says rich rich did you ever apologize
to Jay for being wrong in regards to the
tongue festival thing that's good you
seen that episode do you think I have to
apologize for anything Jay knows who's
right free wagging my asses I am baking
some tilapia and searing some bro watch
iam and drinking all the sake I a while
touching my cock iam be wrecking my ass
instead of this I love you guys you help
me get over a morphine addiction and now
I'm abusing the tips I was fine I'd I'd
rather you give your money to me and you
know somebody sell me a methadone yeah
I'll take it
or morphine or whatever the fuck it is
we're all related
throw opiates right I know very little
about that kind of drug abuse morphine
heroin methadone they use methadone to
get people off of heroin addiction
because it's basically controlled heroin
okay it doesn't it doesn't it's not a
drug that magically gets you off the
heroin it's just well you don't have to
get this shit off the streets and we can
control the dosage right medically
appropriate heroin yes
oh I still need to see baby driver I
just recently relaunched Scott Pilgrim
vs. the world and I really enjoyed I
enjoyed it for different reasons you
know bat back in the day back when I was
in my early 20s and you know feeling a
little aloof in life
I watched Scott Pilgrim vs. the world
and loved the shit out of it and now
that I'm a little bit older the story is
pretty weak Scott Pilgrim vs. the world
you know it's basically just a you know
learn how to respect yourself kind of
kind of story but dammit if the if the
technique in making it aren't the
fucking greatest thing in the world and
someone that's close you know how this
works I know how this works find a gun
there's your gun hunt him down
this is the strat well that was this
trap we're gonna oh we're waiting for
him the old just yeah get geared up a
little bit here I'm fine if that's the
stratum just happy asking if that was
the Strad you shooting at someone holes
new back there's two people in here I
shut the door so they might not know I'm
in here yeah I'm in the zone
no look down the sights forget to do
that I am so you're aiming at his feet
right there yeah yeah but I want to make
sure I see him if he comes around the
corner cuz he can come through the door
don't come around that's true
and so like raising up is pretty easy
yes jack is younger than me by a few
years yeah
not a crazy amount but enough where I
was I was younger when Scott Pilgrim
came out saying switch to auto here's
the thing about auto here's why I don't
like auto back you know guns have recoil
yeah and you go to auto and all of a
sudden your shots go off nowhere and I'm
single it's just as fast as you can
click the button and there's less recoil
you can have a little more control over
it okay so I'm with you I just kind of
prefer the single I say go to burst
there's a single in their zone oh okay
for this particular gun if I switch to
this gun I don't there's somebody
fucking in this house and so I just I
how do you know they're in the house
I don't someone near it's probably
camping on a rough
damnit
I have a level two police vest I don't
need the level one new purse awakens
says hey rich saw you and Mike in the
Han Solo movies how many messages did
you get telling you about the Karelian
blood strife just curious because I know
how the internet loves to correct people
Oh have half the comments for about the
Karelian blood stripe that stripe on Han
Solo's pants okay what is it good that
can't just be a stripe on his pants
right
I joked about it being so I'm gonna like
secrets smuggler code like smuggler if
you got the stripe on your pants
oh sure sure but apparently it's some
kind of warm metal that he got
is that
that's where your bullets gonna hit
you're not you're not looking down the
side you're doing it wrong it's a
grenade you just fucked up a grenade did
you see him or was it just noise nearby
no I saw him
I saw him he shot at me I shot at him
can you get out of window
do I want to yes
he's waiting down there and you know it
he's waiting up there and he's waiting
I've been out the door okay so wait the
red stripe even though like that was
just a costume decision like they're
just like hey put on these pants at all
right yeah apparently it's the Karelian
equivalent of the Purple Heart was he in
a war I don't know what can you tell me
about Han Solo I'm sure there are dozens
of books I was he a war captain
supposedly he was an imperial was he yes
call Courtney heaven according according
to the continuity that no longer exists
hmm
which means they can throw all that shit
out the window right where it kind of
belongs because in in the in the old
continuity he was supposed to take a
group of wookies to slavers mine sure
and and then he decided not to do that
and that's why Chewie owes him a life
debt right that's what that's what that
thing okay okay oh I I don't know that's
what I I don't know what I remember is
the old one is like he was in charge of
flying a group of Wookiee slave
somewhere and decided that that was
morally wrong freed them all and that's
why Chewie owes him a life debt okay but
the four salamanders what no they're all
gone with the books yeah none of the
books is right Oh yep jack is right okay
great so I know that's what they did so
I can only imagine that's what the movie
will would concentrate on right well the
movie doesn't have to do anything the
books did they have a clean fucking
slate oh yeah and they don't have to
make all of the same mistakes well but
you know what I'm okay with that
backstory like that's him doing
something big so I'm good and like you
know maybe he starts off as kind of a
dickhead and he makes a couple dickhead
moves but then you know he has to do
this one thing I don't know
they're gonna bother having him be a
former imperial give me no trouble youth
straight into a life of crime sure about
that's what they're gonna do yeah but
but you know what he'll be in a life of
crime and then like he'll get this job
and it pays really well did you watch
the you didn't watch the speculation
video me and Mike did right no no I have
got every everything han mentioned
happening to him it has passed yeah I've
read everything we know about Han know
teaming up with Chewie at some point
yeah the Kessel run the bet with Lando
for the ship everything we've ever heard
that happened to Han Solo huh is all
going to have happened during the same
adventure I think the Han Solo movie is
gonna be some kind of like smuggling
heist on the the spice mines of Kessel
and during this adventure he is going to
rescue Chewie no well yeah he is he's in
it he is going to break the record for
the Kessel run which is going to be the
same bet that he gets the Falcon from
Lando on and at the end of the adventure
he's also gonna lose his cargo that he
owes job of money for the same adventure
that is a delightfully cynical rich but
no I do not believe in I think bill
though you know why cuz they want to
pace themselves they had a lot of
fucking movies to make here man yeah and
I'm not just talking about all of hands
history into a two-hour movie I'm
talking about all of Hans history into
one adventure yeah like like three days
of his life it all that's what it all
happened
I had other people shooting at me to
psych me I had to make a call
no okay no they can't do well no they
can't do that of course they can't do
that and they'd be stupid enough to do
that but the smart decision would really
be to focus on one maybe two things but
you got to make room for the Han Solo's
side movie sequels
they'll be short-sighted enough they
won't do that they got they got somebody
star wars they got a Boba Fett movie
they can make they got a Yoda movie they
can make jack they don't care about that
oh no it can't be everything gonna be
fucking everything it can't be
everything and they can't do the job of
thing because he's a young man he's a
young he's not he's gonna he's gonna old
job of money for 30 years oh I mean
listen I won't be surprised if that
happens no no my guess you know what
they might they're definitely doing when
he meets Chewie they might do Kessel run
we know Lando is in it already right
like that yeah yeah Danny Glover well
then why don't well for if script
efficiency why don't you just merge
those two events the Kessel run was
based on the bet that I made Lando for
the phone call I don't want you to be
right oh but you're probably right I
don't want it rich I don't want that I I
could see the plot basically like
boiling down like this like you know
he's a troubled kid who got hooked up
with some criminals early in life right
he gets a chance for a big score of a
legit job right the Imperials need him
to haul some cargo and he's hauling
cargo some legit job for some big money
because they they need someone quick
they needed done quick and quiet and but
he finds out that he's hauling wookies
to a slave camp
is gonna be he's gonna be hauling
something for Java because we have to
see him lose the cargo oh actually it's
gonna be more of that love interest is
going to steal the cargo after he dodges
the Imperials through the Kessel run and
love interest is gonna take the money
and give it to the rebels which is going
to just make Han more cynical and not
trusting of causes or people he's gonna
say but I loved you and she's gonna say
I know I don't like it I don't like that
rich I don't like that at all how about
that that's fine you don't have to like
it you just have to know you have to
like it cuz Star Wars fans love
everything slop is thrown in their
fucking face you're gonna have to like
it because this is Star Wars oh shit now
I gotta like it I don't wanna like it
well shit I could I could see the Kessel
run being in it is there just nothing in
here is that what you're telling me I
could see the Kessel run
we know Chewie and Lando are in it so
the Falcon has got to be in it as well
that's a nice jacket oh yes oh you look
super badass you know what I don't look
badass
I don't cuz I don't have no gun I could
really use like I was some sort of
weapon tonight is they just really
there's just nothing in here here here's
what I would say here's what here's
likely what I would say we uh the whole
plot is going to be about him freeing
the Wookiees nope and the big final
action sequence will be the Kessel run I
would have starts he already knows
Chewie and it's just about some kind of
heist just one adventure a fun adventure
that Han Solo goes on that would be
preferable obviously because that would
be great gotta tie up you gotta do all
the things the fans know and it's gotta
end right before a new hope like a
pretty bow no no it's gonna end
no it's gonna end with him in the
canteen oh right before he meets Ben
Kenobi oh sure well I do not sure well I
don't know yeah well no I don't like it
and I don't like it
and I don't like it even more they're
just gonna ignore the age difference no
there is no way I would believe that cut
- that's what happens someone takes that
clip of me going no I will not believe
that's what happens oh yeah you know
what a nice little heist movie but like
I said I could even see like it would be
great to see the kind of the thief with
the heart of gold heart of gold turn
right
he's just a cynical thief until he
he's gotta run slaves and that's what
turns them into the thief with the heart
of gold right remember an empire when
they're in the monster in the asteroid
belt they're hiding you know they might
Hawks and oh console was like oh my NOx
he knows what my NOx are Jack yeah you
know that means we're gonna get to see
Han Solo's first encounter with my NOx
it's not gonna be every they're gonna be
in the mines of Kessel it's gonna be in
festive of mine I've stack it it can't
be everything the movie sure can yeah I
don't like it and I don't like that you
are probably going to be correct
all right um I don't like anything about
this rich I'm sorry
I'm sorry you should be I blame you
Jay frisk juices any interest in the
Dark Tower movie have you read the books
and if so how do you feel about it
actually being a sequel to the books
rather than an adaptation Stephen King
says he's happy with it well yeah
because then his book still stands I
know I've never read the books I like it
just Alba I think he's a good actor
Matthew McConaughey is good how the fuck
do I never got into it I started reading
the first one I started early on in the
book and there was like pages dedicated
to a woman's menstrual cycle like what
someone said was on her period why okay
why are we going on about this mr. King
he's got a plan man Stephen King's got a
plan it's just like yeah I don't need
this in my life and I put it down that's
fair that's totally fair alright alright
we actually we got some shit now let's
come up with a plan are we in the zone
nice we're in the zone
Texas fan handler says have you guys
tried splatoon - not big fan of
multiplayer shooters normally but I find
it fun and it's kid-friendly
so my ten-year-old loves it - maybe -
Nintendo Wii for this crowd though Jake
loves it I hit some fun playing splatoon
I'll tell you what and I will get
splatoon - mostly because yeah my like
since Mario Kart 8 came out even though
like they had never played splatoon they
are obsessed with the Inklings only
because like their new characters in the
Mario Kart universe these guys they
probably like splatoon so I'll probably
get it I don't know if I'll play it
don't you have it on the wheel
it's splatoon yeah but they're kind of
this platoon oh okay then played the one
on the Wii U I think that since I got
minecraft that thing has turned into a
Minecraft ok ok so I got minecraft form
for one of their birthdays and now
that's all they play all the fucking
time it's the only thing they play rich
you should chew tobacco while on stream
what why do you hate me that much
you know II think it's been a horrible
gum cancer madam says it was mentioned
before but I wonder what your thoughts
are on Westworld if you've seen it so
I'm a favorite sci-fi TV series and the
trailer for season 2 premiered at Comic
Con I hear it's good I do not have the
HBO's oh it's worth it it's a good
fucking show I haven't had cable TV and
like damn near a decade I don't miss it
that's fair
totally Farage damn fine show Westworld
damn hecka hecka fine show gotta be
smart there could be someone in here
we're in the zone you're up valley west
world all right oh yeah I loved it
season 1 was great and I it's it's it's
fantastic I'm really looking forward to
season 2 I think like they said those
season 2 is not coming out until next
year doors open so there's someone in
here Ricketts 47 says rich witch what is
worse Ghostbusters 2 or the reboot the
reboot the reboot that's not even
ghostbusters 2 is half a good movie it's
not even a question what are you doing
man like the first half where we see
what happened to the guys after the
first movie is all some fun stuff yeah
egon with us like couples therapy
experiment that's really just trying to
irritate them see what happens when we
bring in the puppy that's some good
stuff then when we gets boring once they
become ghostbusters again it's true oh
it's very true I love it like the
birthday party the whole the whole
birthday party gag is so great we're
gonna end up with so appropriate they
were like Rea with the occult bookstore
you know Peter Venkman with the ultra
sleazy psychic world fraud show yeah
it's fine no the reboot the reboots
worthless the reboot the reboot is
completely worthless it doesn't work as
a movie let alone a comedy at least
ghostbusters 2 had a decent creepy
villain they don't need a villain
there's a movie about four guys starting
a business when she added on that
schlock with villains that's what that's
what I got awful Vigo Vigo DMR though
the ego the destroyer
I would love a ranged weapon but that
just looks like it's not gonna happen
okay I'm just gonna hang out on the top
of this hill and wait for suckers to go
by because I'm inside the zone
any any movie other than any
Ghostbusters movie other than the first
one is a movie that did not need to be
made that's a fair sentiment rich
as a fair sentiment see what's at every
every time dan aykroyd started talking
about a third one that I always I always
hoped it would never come to be mmm I
was always so I was actually glad that
Bill Murray had absolutely no interest
and actively worked against it yeah so
you go Bill Murray go diminishing
returns we are already getting
diminishing returns at the second one
little house over there we can check out
maybe we can kill someone and get a
ranged weapon oh there's a road to a
road in a house rich and someone's over
here
someone's over here many of you played
the last gen Ghostbusters game a pretty
good third movie
yeah the Ghostbusters game was pretty
good because it just let you hang out
with those characters for a few hours I
don't understand I only know that it
would have made for a a great movie but
as a videogame just have fun shooting it
goes enjoy the banter with these
characters you like yeah solid
experience
Gately says too much info Steve but hi
what does George Lucas think about
tilapia I'm drunk but I get paid
tomorrow so who cares about tips good
night good night good night glad to be
your your conduit and your conversation
with Steve you know sometimes the the
purpose that we think we have is
different than the purpose of fans
having you know that's fine Richard you
have any strong feelings on tilapia uh
I'm allergic to fish all fish yep oh
well I don't need seafood laughs he's
pretty good I used to work at a grocery
store the the meat department I'd I'd be
closing at night I'd have to clean out
like the the fish counter yeah and I
would have hives for running up and down
my arms that's not good
Connor went over to that house I'm sorry
maybe you should kill them I would love
to kill them Ricketts 47 wants to know
if you've ever been to Iowa sure I'll be
back jack has been to Iowa
I've been to most of the states and her
an exciting Iowa adventure
I mean it's Iowa ok prereq of my asses
nothing does they don't want me to read
it alright here's my man Bush Strada
rich I'm hiding in this bush
that's my bad Bush strat they can't see
me if I'm in the bush and then my plan
is to haul ass over to that tree over
there Hoff hearted says hey guys Jack I
thoroughly enjoy following you on
Twitter I try to keep it interesting
seeing you consistently reply to others
with a simple nope makes me giggle every
damn time do you enjoy it as much as me
I do you know me I try not to be glib
but you get the same question over and
over hey now that the Occulus reduced
its price you got you ready to give you
nope hey if you live you play this game
no you just kick ask the same question
over and over again and yeah sometimes
you got to be glib I try not to be but
nope is one of my favorite responses
nope and I do try to respond to every
one I'm sorry if I don't respond to you
cuz I do I like in general like I cuz I
would like it if people I talked to
responded to me so I try to respond to
all the people I can I want to move but
I also like being alive in this bush you
know well you know the circle is gonna
close in on you sound right your hand
will be forced sooner or later
she's a nice strong hold over there and
I'm sure someone's in it but if I can
hang out maybe I can hang out it over
here in the shade and scope it out a
little bit I think that might be the car
oh no this doesn't help me that might be
the car I saw earlier
constants of exes Jack's optimistic rich
is super cynical when it comes to games
and movies the stream is hysterical
thanks for making my laugh so hard with
that Han Solo I loved you
I know line you're laughing now will you
be laughing what happens in the theater
there's a guy heading directly for me
you have a shotgun well he doesn't I'm
gonna wait till he gets look he's over
there and he doesn't see me he's not
gonna see me I'm gonna murder his ass
cuz I'm over here in the shade he's
wearing to the houses he's wearing to
the houses he's not focused on you I
know he could be looking around stop by
the house checking it out
don't don't he won't see me I'm just
freaking him out
he doesn't see me alright alright okay
now the people in the house will
probably focused on him because he's
moving closer so I can sneak a little
bit closer okay I just wanted to get him
moving more all right and get him a
little more frantic all right you do you
men I'm doing it you do you okay I'm
outside of the map zone now so now we
got to move thank you but we know it we
know anonymous says have you guys seen a
Kira if so what's your opinion that's so
long ago fantastic beautiful animation
not a single likable character in the
whole fucking movie yeah that seems
about right
I thought so long ago I'm not even sure
I can I can like give
rich is seen an anime i was those before
anime was even a thing that was just you
got to see this weird ass cartoon akira
was like the the birth of anime in the
US
check out this one house behind you know
I know that was the plan I'm so decent
cover then it's not gonna close it on me
yet and I'm right by the line so I'm
playing it real cool by this house okay
Jay frisk 2 says do you guys see the
photo of the cast and crew signed I beam
at Star Wars land where someone wrote
what if blink its quotes along the edge
of the beam I did through that hashtag
Lincoln lives yeah I was neat there
forever
I always part of Star Wars forever
hello arranged weapon not the greatest
but I'll check upstairs before you do
this Jesus Christ you crazy motherfucker
and now I gotta give
now we got to get movin
he's and waffles other building isn't
you fucking know what that he's in one
of those other fucking buildings and you
know what someone's around here like
we're right by the edge they got
covering these buildings down there
someone's over here somewhere trying to
close the door behind that's the one
building with a door closed yeah he's
probably in there people are trying to
move you know we shooting at
we shoot that tsunami
Nana says I downloaded the twitch app
and watch the stream on my way home I
felt in Zen with Jack in his boat and me
and an hour of traffic
what did Jack listen to on the road trip
nothing I listened to absolutely nothing
shit
I just had a lot of conversations with
my mother which was nice cuz I really
don't get to see her too often and so no
the entire trip but there was no radio
to be played yeah I don't like this I
don't like this at all
I don't think they're shooting at me oh
you see them up there yeah need to find
them huh you're kind of an aside well I
got a I got a go to the safe zone no I'm
gonna go over here and hide by a rock
while they fight it out over there oh
there's a guy over there
one minute
kind of close I don't know the safe
zones seem to give a bullshit advantage
to the people lucky enough to be in the
circle yeah but it's all thanks roll I
thought it was a strategy of course I
mean strategy that's what I meant to say
strategy tell us strategy over there
that is bush
I can hit them
how far right try try aiming terribly
higher up yeah considerably okay up up
up up up
you sure that's person 90% sure
13 left alive you don't pretty good and
you're not hanging out in a boat right
you're gonna eat your head if jackets
this crossbow sniper kill should have
been here last time Jack played this
game I did get a crossbow sniper kill
kind of an epic one yeah Oh see that was
a person look that's great yeah now I'm
crawling we're crawling now I haven't
those fuckers over there
somebody was over there said a butterfly
fuck
that looks good cover but just laugh a
little rich ah make me ha how about you
say something funny
did you kill anybody
have I killed anyone no no I have not
or maybe I have I don't know this has
been a long one we are now prone
crawling oh look look there we go now I
won't be able to hit him but I might be
able to sneak I don't don't ok
crossbow crossbow he's gonna stop sooner
or later right I'm hoping he's probably
gonna stop as soon as he's on the inside
of the white I am the hunter rich
Thank You mr. chance I think it's gonna
look around him and you might be fucked
I have this tree for cover there's a
motorcycle over here get down get down
I'm gonna wait nice nice
uh that was fucked up right there why
does that fucked up I didn't see that
coming
shit someone shootin at me
does he have a sniper rifle in his box
no time
I know why you left that treat trying to
get in between whoever shooting at me
and my goal is really just to keep
moving until whoever shooting at me is
not shooting at me or I can see them and
take a shot god damn it where are they
they're probably safely on the damn
circle oh right it's fine see you so you
think it's coming from this side you see
where the bullets are hitting the tree
yeah so it's gotta be coming from this
side having a hell of a time hitting me
where the fuck is he behind you
what you're completely wrong no that's
anything the tree over here look he's
definitely firing from this side you
were on the side of the tree by the
crate and you weren't getting hit yes so
I was looking at where it was going he
should have been firing from that
direction I think I killed two people I
got 20 points so he might have killed
someone else
the hell the what hail there where was
he who some hey I made it pretty far
that time and I almost did stuff the
hell was Jack doing that's a fantastic
question I was looking for I was looking
for the guy shooting at me I couldn't
find the guy shooting at me top five I
made it to the top five I'll take it
I'll take it I couldn't see him alright
alright did you see him no but he you
could tell when you're behind the tree
and he wasn't able to hit you right that
meant he was somewhere on the other side
of the tree and you kept you kept going
left yes cuz I was looking he was
somewhere ahead of you yeah on the other
side tree and you're moving left far
away from the tree and getting shot at
because I needed to move because the the
thing was closing in on me and I needed
to see him so I could take a shot if I
would have seen him I could have taken a
shot I and I was I was joking enough
where he wasn't getting good shots I
thought I could make it I thought I
could make it at least until I saw you
made it fine that's pretty damn good
this is my eye well I just wanted to see
him so I could get at least one cross
you will encounter one person and really
it was kind of a fluke that I was
already I was already aiming at him when
I saw him and I just pressed the button
real quick but that was some quick
thinking I'm that was some quick
reflexes on my part so I'll take it rich
have you ever been injured in half in
the bag
yes very early on wasn't the Captain
America one of the one the one where the
bricks are getting thrown through the
window oh sure I'm holding a ceramic
plate in my hands and the brick lands in
the plate that cut up my hand really
damn good oh yeah
Mike got mad at me well yeah I could J
got mad at me because they cut my hand
you boy I was relating ya think I've
really annoyed cuz I kept holding my
hand over my head like you're supposed
to when you're gonna cut that bleeds
profusely uh-huh I was making them
uncomfortable they made me leave the
room well they had that they had a web
series to make rich you were you were
getting in the way you need to be more
aggressive Jack no I disagree if I would
have tried like if I would have got up
in a run I might have been able to you
know Juke my way around but I wanted to
see where where the person was coming
from just punch people in the face punch
and punch and punch and punch ten people
punched 11 people 12 people punched in
the face
anonymous says John wick Cinematic
Universe thoughts absolutely none this
immediate Clark is the worst she's
terrible in Game of Thrones was terrible
in Terminator yeah be terrible and Han
Solo Hollywood needs to stop casting her
I agree I think she's terrible
none of these cinematic universes they
said desperately want her going to take
off nope none of them nope
Emilia Clarke is terrible I hate I hate
when she talks and I hate when she
doesn't talk and I hate looking at her I
hate her in game she's one of the
reasons I stopped watching Game of
Thrones I just hate her as an everything
every time she talks she in done oh shit
I didn't want to hit that
fuck your there here now this is your
lot life motherfucker right I'll take it
heart tree fucker says I know you guys
haven't seen Dunkirk but if you get the
chance the IMAX version is incredible
okay there go to it a six-story a Wonder
Woman but shot and the Justice League
trail that was worth the price of
admission on its own I haven't watched
someone yet because I still don't give
two fucks about the Justice League movie
that's Farage Wonder Woman being you
know half decent does not change the
fact that I just don't care about the
DCAU or you or whatever they want to
call it the DC see you the DC see you
IDC see you gun would be nice gun would
be nice I got a helmet oh yes they're
doing reshoots with mustache Superman
yeah you've heard this we're talking
about this earlier yeah but the chat
chat probably hasn't the doing reshoots
for the Justice League but Henry Cavill
who plays Superman already has a
mustache for another movie he's in for a
mission impossible for Mission
Impossible and he's contractually
obligated to keep that mustache because
of course it needs to remain the same
for any shoots that they're doing at
Mission Impossible so they're filming
his shots his reshoot
scenes in the Justice League movie with
him with the mustache and they're going
to digitally remove it it's gonna cost
the millions and millions of dollars yep
to digitally paint out Henry Cavill
mustache which i think is hilarious so
I'm all for it
I just and everyone everyone at this
point just wants pictures Superman with
the mustache
you know and superior gringo everyone
wants Supes with a mustache it's gonna
be great and if if Warner Brothers was
on their shit they would be they would
be marketing that shit like oh yeah
everybody look at Superman with the
moustache a fucking gun would be nice
but Superman is its head and how can he
be in the Justice League they wouldn't
kill him off just to bring him
immediately back they already showed him
in the poster he's a fucking movie these
are people with a plan they're gonna
bring him back as Darkseid's minion he's
gonna be evil Superman for a bit oh yeah
yeah and then they're you know Lois
Lane's gonna show up and he's gonna turn
good and nobody's gonna know the
difference because he's still destroying
metropolis but for good this time
Superman has been corrupted by dark seed
dark Superman's been corrupted by dark
side we need to keep him from destroying
metropolis again Superman is now
fighting Darkseid we need to keep him
from destroying metropolis fucking
handgun
anonymous says rich Jack yeah
you've talked about liking the early
ultimate spider-man comics yeah
which got me curious did either of you
play the ultimate spider-man game have a
great night yeah it was good
it's got nothing on web shadows that was
fun eight times dumped down web shooting
compared to what they had in spider-man
2 oh sure sure got nothing rich I got
fucking nothing
you've talked good about what web of
Shadows before you've talked highly of
web of shadows before and for a while it
was available on PC and it is no longer
supposedly you could spend like $100 to
find a copy or something about yeah yeah
but that ain't gonna happen how close oh
I'm in the play area great great rickets
47 says rich how was max landis was he
nice max landis was super enthusiastic
he's he is super passionate about the
things he loves that is that is the
thing I took away from max landis I
think max Linus is super passionate
about fucking everything that it's not a
that it's not a slight on max landis
that man likes things you talk about
something he likes for our and Superman
he'll go on and on by stops no Superman
or whatever
it's not an answer to the question was
he nice well he wasn't evil so I I don't
recall him like punching random people
he ran across he was rather pleasant to
us is that what you're at like are you
asking was he mean like no he was rather
pleasant to us
I didn't he didn't ask to be a part of a
half of the bag because he wanted to be
a dicta I'm gonna fly to Milwaukee and
just be a huge asshole was I here
someone here oh shit if no one's here
but all the doors are open
wait was Len evil no - super cool when
one knows how to take it on the chin he
could have been so bitter towards us
with how we savage him yet he went and
turned it into a huge fucking positive
absolutely that it's kind of amazing
oh yeah no he took it in stride just his
his entire attitude about being savaged
oh man by a group of assholes on the
internet who are not very nice to lend
yep yep all right that's fair
nope yep you got me right we we were not
very nice to one in his movies but he
was again just super Pleasant anyone
who's willing to like take of a flight
like spend a couple days with people
hopefully they're coming in with
positive experience hopefully I know my
image trash is because I get so
flustered I get so excited I saw a
person and I didn't know what to do so I
also um you know on the lap desk it's
not perfect to be pretty it's not great
name precise on the lap dance no elbow
hole I'm basically I'm gonna give you
all the excuses I can I think when
you're streaming in general your skill
diminishes 20% oh just right off the bat
hmm max just what max even brought like
an early copy of his likes comics he's
like hey check out my new comic I had an
early copy which is very nice of him
nonsense in a bag says congrats rich and
great job on recent cartoon voice acting
yes you're too loud episode went up yes
I did watch it I've been we've been busy
with secret project voice oh yeah secret
project going on all sorts of Secrets
all sorts I need to watch some when I
get home you did send me the link as
soon as I could and I put that up I
tweeted out on Sunday when you didn't
when you weren't streaming yeah so say
hey don't you know but look at too loud
we recorded that a while ago Spenny here
feels like a year you recorded that oh
yeah what a long time we're going to
finally came out which is great up on
DreamWorks YouTube channel pretty
exciting
pretty exciting stuff and I thought it
was a cute episode I watched it actually
on the road Mike I got he sent me the he
tweeted at me Nico :
and and I watched it with my kids on the
road and they enjoyed it they wanted to
watch it again your episode I always
assume I'm terrible that was good like
the end is nigh
I hurt haven't heard anything from
Edmund in a while here's his audio
Edmund Edmund what'd you think it was
that did you like it does that get back
to me is that what you're looking for
anytime you want to get to me I'm here
he's my personal phone number in case
email doesn't work for you a Skype
Twitter
I mean Edmund was very happy with Rich's
voice work so you say so you say he was
he was he was only cuz that's what he
say
we're on a farmland oh that's this is a
bag went on to say the whole crew has
been animated before in PR / Harlem
clips on YouTube oh yeah has Om ever
considered producing any animations
thanks both it's not it's not something
we've pursued we're not animators yeah
we're not animators but somebody wants
to animate us I don't think we're
typically against it in principle no I
wouldn't say so land on that roof looks
like an amazing ruff thanks it's not too
late it's not too late it's not you
sankt me out rich oh wait and wait no no
I wanted to see you stuck there just
forever this forever maybe maybe maybe
there's a glitch and they can't shoot
you and then like you'd be lucky enough
that would be where the map would Center
at the end of the game and you would win
by default I like it I like it obviously
that didn't happen but hey it was
I'll some G's s about any future prank
calls planned for best of the worst for
one whatever what's happened it has not
been planned okay
the prank calls for best of the worst Oh
God they've been spontaneous we almost I
actually kind of wanted to do one for
the telepathic animals because I had an
idea in mind III wanted to do a hostage
negotiations bit well but there was no
number to call oh I had this idea where
my my pet chimpanzee had taken a gun and
taken my nice hostage because he he lost
the part of Curious George in the
Curious George movie they decided to go
with a CGI Curious George oh so you had
a whole I had a whole shtick in mind but
there was no number oh it's funny but I
I actually kind of literally
face-planted with the Frank phone phone
calls because I didn't like doing them I
didn't like the pressure of doing it
yeah like the first one with the plane
that was amazing and I had no idea it
where it came from it just showed up in
my brain right Wow okay that turned out
good and then there was a lot of
pressure to do another Frank call of
course and glass to do it once you do it
once night Oh God all right it's monkey
and so then it happened again and we got
the Don Wilson bit Arvid yeah and that
was particular Oh God but I was really
like when I knew there was a phone
number on the back of that box I was
super stressed out the whole
conversation trying to think of a bit
sure and I was now dreading whenever
there was like a phone number on a tape
box cuz I knew it was gonna instantly
Mike was gonna take that phone I hand it
to me and try to make another bit right
hopefully magic would happen well you
know because it's because also because
it's worked before and so they're just
like you know we'll just make try to
make the magic happen again right right
there's the thing when we did that the
Chinese internet video the the
instructional thing where I did the the
ching chong voice yeah I
deliberately like face-planting on that
one I I you know what I'm gonna make
this one be so fucking horrible
I am never asked to do it again oh that
was that was awful by design interesting
yeah so I just so I won't have to worry
about any time there's a fun thing
they're not gonna ask me a gun after I
do this
she's like the laziest dumbest thing I
could do yeah yeah that's good night
which how much work do you invest in a
build like the new we love the worst
fantastic job by the way it's just like
a weekend or or like a week for you well
it's like what what is was he has
something 99% 1% inspiration 99% first
perspiration yeah it's kind of the other
way around with that because I didn't
know how to do it in the first place oh
sure it's like I know I need I want
something I wanted something vertical
and large like the Wheel of Fortune but
it's like I don't know how to build a
lazy susan and I I was looking at like
thrift stores just to find things that
would spin like you know you don't
really find anything and I was just
looking on like just googling lazy susan
to see what I could buy but like these
things were meant for like industrial
purposes so you put your thing that
spins on there your tool rack or
whatever right not necessarily designed
to spin really fast you know yeah you're
just designed to turn and like I was
worried well it's been money on one of
these but I don't know if it'll work
yeah there's it's not like there was a
showroom where you could test him out
yeah but once once I had the the
mechanism like okay now I know how I'm
going to build this yeah it went by
lightning quick interesting I like that
you know what rich that was good
incitement that's a great story
well after after that the longest thing
was just waiting for paint to dry so you
could slap out a second coat right Oh
rich we got ourselves an eight-time
scope
wait what kind what kind of gun is that
rich will you tell Jack about my $100
donation so he has some motivation he
has to make the top 10 this round what
about your $100 donation if I make the
top 10 we get a hundred bucks
interesting I'd tell about it I guess I
just did I'm not seeing any more
information from you about this okay so
I got rid of the machine gun and I
upgraded to kind of like a single-shot
rifle that has a super long range and I
have an 8 x scope on it in the hopes
that I can do some sniping which you
know that the sniping is usually what
what kills you right okay do you know if
you if you get the top 10 this round
you're getting a hundred bucks yes
that's the bargain I get here I guess
here's the thing it doesn't motivate me
because I know what this game can do
yeah and I just know that I have very
little control over if I get to the top
10 or not but you just need to find
another boat right I guess I guess I
will play a little more cautiously I say
as I'm about to run out into the open
Oh pan-pan is but protection rich people
have a hard time shooting you in the
butt if you have a pan it's kind of
funny yep gobbledygook says if you'd
like to see what's the store for the
Justice League then why wait play a
Superman Batman Aquaman Wonder Woman and
cyborg right now on DC Universe Online
on the ps4 it's free you fucks you know
what I missed that
I missed that I'm like this is not like
the old days Jack nothing like no you
know what sometimes there's nothing like
the oldies I got to get over here though
or else I'm gonna die
rickets 47 says rich who is the most
cynical person on our LM the most
positive love you guys keep up the good
work wasn't me or Mike that's more
cynical who you know what are we about
tide I was gonna say I was gonna say
y'all y'all some cynical fucks nothing
wrong with that
oh no no nothing wrong with that uh well
you know sometimes cynicism turns into
negativity yeah but you know what's
wrong with that
well I'm me being a positive
I don't think sometimes it's not
necessarily helpful but you probably win
the most positive probably know by at
first of all by long Josh huh josh josh
is not a very positive forgotten I think
Josh would like to be a positive person
but in practice he is not so you're in
the zone the AutoZone I'm in the zone
and I have a nice we could take out some
motherfuckers we could take out some
other fuckers rich buddy you're by the
edge of the zone right well that's
that's the other part that's the worst
possible of all zones well listen we're
gonna we're just gonna take it one day
at a time you know we're gonna take it
ten dudes at a time how would you even
go through the main body in the city
that seems silly well I mean I'm in a
valley and I'm in a shadow that's what
I'm thinking here rich valleys and
shadows hard disk oh you might have to
go across that water no no it's this way
Oh
but I do have to go through this city so
I'm you know like basically I'm just
gonna try to like use the trees as cover
and actually I can probably stay on top
of this hill I probably smart stay away
from the city not for long I'm most
likely unless you get extremely lucky
nope Oh where's that how far how far far
enough to be a pain in the ass but
that's what trees rocks
covers for I got three whole minutes oh
shit there's a big so if you don't find
a sniper rifle should you just like
restart I don't know I've never had a
sniper rifle before this is this is the
most sniper rifle I've ever had and
we're gonna see if we can do some damage
here all right so now about to leave
this shit I mean we don't don't be
completely reckless here no no I think
I probably just can't hit him right Oh
someone's hitting him that's what I
would do don't you know you can't go
there right where did that come from
where did that come from Jack I don't
know but it's something to go check out
his corpse now oh hello ping ping
I am a little bit ahead
we're just gonna try to stay in this
treee area for as long as I can
dammit honey people lost you have oh not
a lot rich yeah we got to move
we got to move in we got to move fast
get up to that big tree on the hill on
the right and serve a baby well there's
somebody in the hat around
I don't know anything well that's you
know this game better than I you just
listen to me no no I appreciate any
insight you can give me and it's just
like there's no accounting for where
people are gonna be anonymous oh so do
you
titillate an ocelot you oscillated sinha
wot ah great i love it
ten out of ten Game of the Year pun of
the year a big fuckin target up here
big fucking target up here where am I
going oh shit
you got a ways
fuck but we gotta move gotta move
there's just not a lot of cover over
here adjust the zeroing distance of your
scope for these ranges I don't know what
that means rich did you really destroy
Thundercats or was that a bit no I was
real obviously we had the boxes
downstairs but the tapes are still
upstairs so Junior Mike just stuffed
whatever VHS is well round inside those
boxes
why I didn't know it was in there
what's your help like full right now
this phone
this looks great not white I don't know
what that means well that it doesn't
show anything right now cuz it's full
okay but it's about to not be because
I'm sure some motherfuckers gonna be
here anyone here's running for the safe
area yeah
and I know I can run faster with my
pistol but also if I happen on someone I
want my shotgun so anyone who says you
can run faster pistol I hear you I get
that but I'd much rather have my shotgun
out in case someone like pops up behind
the tree you know
yeah yeah sorry no that's fine so now
you can see kind of my health okay sure
there's bitches over here but I'm close
enough here where I can I might be able
to snipe some people right on the edge
take some time get my health back whoo
there's a little valley I can hang out
in as long as someone doesn't kill me as
long as someone's not in here all right
hold on hold on
no no painkillers to you but I'm gonna
use them use Oh which game soundtrack do
we love the most I don't have them
ranked I like a lot of game soundtracks
you know me kind of like you know risk
of rain it's a great sound game
soundtrack I still listen to that I
being visiting soundtrack is very good I
said a spot for Doom II won em one way
that's that's dad don't dad did it
don't-don't-don't down down down down
down to downtown Wow shit happening over
here
yeah that's III I'm one yeah well I saw
that I saw that did you guys see that
no someone in here that car just flipped
over just yeah
did you did they died well you're
probably
see if we can see any movement
you can snipe someone
and remove sure they're not behind you
in that big building it's about to zero
in it's about to the blue areas both
close down again so I move I'm willing
to take the risk
Oh games so fun with its strategy if you
have to keep moving because the blue
line will get you settle down rich you
in the end is nigh or just the trailer
I'm in the cutscenes all the cutscenes I
noticed he went in a completely
different direction with the final
cutscene did he yeah he didn't use any
of that I don't remember what it was I
guess I'd say what happens in the final
cutscene but it's a spoiler oh sure I
don't remember I don't remember it and
we recorded that that was uh that was a
pretty Swift recording process this
whole thumbnail thing that was the final
one Oh was that it
yeah oh he didn't use that no well then
I'm not that I'm shocked
or or is that a secret ending I don't
think so
that might be a secret ending they say
there was gonna be secret enemies
there's there there are secret endings
all right they're livid still in there
they might be still in there I know that
was really important to him that that
one how much we should talk about with
that if he's never gonna be on the show
hands we'd save it then or that could be
for a while though
well people say it's still well just
just what it was like working with him
in general that's fine to talk about cuz
it's like if he's on we'll just you know
we'll talk about his side of it the
hardest part was figuring out what the
fuck he wanted yes well you know and he
because he had some very ideas but he
was definitely like he was actually
probably a little too open to like us to
our input yeah and he wanted to be
respectful to us but he also wanted
something very specific you know well he
could have just said the specific thing
he wanted I know
and I don't know like how much I don't
know like how much he's worked with
voice actors before or what are we what
are we talking I I did a voice for
Edmund McMillan's latest video game the
end is night yeah I'm in the game I'm
the main character in the cutscenes some
voice acting I did for the end his knife
yeah so you know he said he wanted me
it's a ritual your your ash I know it I
know I know it's you you or whatever it
was how he your your sniping you don't
give a shit and I just we had this whole
conversation slow you know what what are
you looking for him and I was like you
know it's like a suicide note
kinda like somber or like you know like
it's like you're writing a suicide note
yeah and then we recorded a bunch of
stuff we talked about another was good
it was all what was it was what he
thought it was like two down or
something yeah cuz it cuz he also wanted
you to be manic hello then it quickly
real well
he must have been hunting me for a long
time oh I stopped checking my six a
quickly realized when are you talking
about like a suicide note and the somber
us he was just talking about the opening
cutscene he wasn't talking about like
the character in general is like well
well and but like overall he like he
definitely liked woody what he was
looking for was though that like classic
rich Evans switch where you're you're
somber and then you're loud and you're
angry and you know the whole mix of
emotions I remember we did we tried we
tried funny voices because the least
comfortable thing in the world for me is
to be natural right to use my own voice
and act I can't do that
I can't do that shit that's the most
difficult thing in the world I said we
tried sending them just like different
voices we did one did we do all of the
scenes of sans the sans voice I did for
undertale we tried a couple of sans cuz
I thought this your sans what yours yeah
we thought that could fit we tried a
couple like more gallupi sounding like
just your voice but a little more gloopy
because the characters gallupi by I
don't remember how the hell that sounded
oh i mean obviously not good like it
sounded good enough where he said nope
so yeah we went through we went through
a long process just to try to figure out
the direction he was going and then of
but eventually we figured out like he
was Rich's voice but a like a little
different dish I don't know yeah I was
that was a it was a tree you know what
it was a great experience for us it was
great all the best improv bits got cut
he Andy he was pretty open to us improv
I go make it your own improv it and we
we really gave him some Gold's man wait
you wait til that a that director's cut
blu-ray game and we get you get all the
all a good gold
all right great I'm done that was a heck
of a stream right there alright you
gotta earn those oh yeah I gotta earn
those sandwiches yep now Ritchie owes me
even more hamburgers which is great
which is great I'll take it now I want
to hear with what hit cutting room floor
you got it that's Edmunds property he
Pam yeah that's his he owns it we don't
I like I have it of course but yeah we
can't release that that's not up to us
to release you talk to Edmund about that
he'll if he wants to he wants to join a
stream just play audio clips well you
know it might be interesting just kind
of talk about talk about the the process
of making a game and doing voice work
and all that fun stuff
unless he's sick of talking about it
because that's what he talks about all
the time but alright now let me get the
final
I don't sip jab jab Oh jingle says hey
there you schlock bastards I long time
Arlen fan first time tipping rich and/or
Jack which are LM video did you enjoy
filming the most cheers which are LM
video you know you know because I've
been making videos with Mike since high
school
no let me let me pinpoint the one oh
maybe you know what I only had a good
time once I only had a good time that
once that's that's the thing like we're
just friends
like we were shooting something earlier
today and it was really fun just
cracking jokes
Johnny what's gonna end up in the video
yeah but which is cracking jokes
I prefer best of the worst
yeah just because it's it's always
what's specific one Jack probably with
Jillian yeah only because she was she's
a great sport and it was so great to
have someone new like what to watch them
turn horrified like this is what we're
doing like we're just watching bad
movies and I like Jillian to like I just
like hanging out know what it was ahead
of time I don't think she knew like she
knew what it was yeah like it's still
like a way we have to watch two more of
these after you get done with that first
one but that was it so that was any you
know what like she had she's you know
Julian doesn't live in Milwaukee so it's
just nice to see her yeah but I like all
of the best of the worst it's great I
mean the Miami connection night this is
what I can film to watch though I really
was so yeah those were all right ok now
is the point of the stream in which we
thank all the people who subscribe to us
during this very stream much like creo
42 who has subscribed to us for 31
fucking months in a row hella but barn
for 20 fucking months in a row says
hello and goodbye from Calgary count
I was just near you halibut
I was not but 40 minutes from your
humble abode I'm sure Calgary is the
main town yep near where I was I did I
did not make my way up to Calgary
because I was too busy hanging out
invoking Bree you didn't talk about your
Vulcan Adventure we're gonna have oh
we're gonna talk about my Vulcan event
okay next stream sure all right all
right I said I'm sure like a million
little stories will pop up from my trip
Breen is God who says if it's great to
have you back jack
it's great to have me back me okay tone
decimals 421 fucking months in a row
loner Archon who has subscribed to us
for 35 fucking months in a row lunar
arch and says I'm old it just means
you're winning at life you haven't lost
the end Saint it's like thing it's like
pub G you just keep going till you could
just sniped that's life then it's over
it's just it's just over then there's
there's no finding a new Lobby
in life all right there's no strategy to
it you just keep running towards that
line that's ahead of you sometimes
sometimes you just gotta reach Ange you
know what there is a lot of life there's
a lot of life lessons in pub so some
people get lucky they say they spawn
right into the middle of the white
circle that's got all the money and the
all the money and power and power and
really they just kind of sit there they
gotta sit there and they pick off little
people who are trying to get in there
with them and they're really confused
that anyone else would be struggling why
why would you struggle
why weren't you just born inside the
white lines just like life this is why
it's important to stick around for the
thank yous you never know when Rich
errands are gonna have some fucking gold
says hey guys only 97 days until
Halloween that's exciting right right
that's kind of exciting you know what so
so every year and we're gonna try to
hold on to this for as long as we can we
do family Halloween costumes we try to
you know yeah all of our costumes for
one until your kids change the last
minute and fuck it all up then we just
changed it the whole family changes with
it but here's here's what the boys are
really excited about to go is Halloween
this time Friday the 13th
how do you do that is everyone Jason
well no so my youngest wants to be Jason
from hell
okay saw the Tom Savini one yeah kind of
a really great way to do that we'll get
him a little jumpsuit yeah and I have
these orange LED lights that we can put
inside the jumps things glow nice so he
must be Jason from hell I'm going to be
Baghead Jason oh of course
Parker wants to be Tommy Jarvis because
he thinks Tommy Jarvis is the coolest
and then Lisa can just be a female camp
counselor right we'll get a little
flashlight and you know we'll just get
one of her girls like oh like that and I
was like guys we can't tell mom yet
because if we tell her too early she'll
think of a she'll think of something
better good enough excuse I was like
that's what we're gonna drop on her
early October and that's gonna be it
it's gonna be all right
I'm really excited hopefully hopefully
they remain excited about it
for 90 more days your kids fan of the
man who took a corpse and turn of an ode
to an unstoppable killing zombie yes
they love it okay Tommy Jarvis is just
the worst person he turned a
run-of-the-mill serial killer yeah into
an unstoppable undead super beast but
he's also kind of a hero of the game so
because and you know they don't know the
movies they just know the game and they
know it's really cool if you get to be
tired right right Lisa could be mrs.
Voorhees sure I feel like we need one
regular camp counselor like find an old
eighties sweater
it's Hama just minded his own business
not dug up that grave he to save
hundreds of lives hundreds jack hundreds
he's a monster Tommy Jarvis is a monster
he is what he is rich you know what we
all just got to follow our own white
line a feminine for 18 months in a row
six ups says love watching you guys
reefer que death John vice-versa man
caitli kaleidoscopic cuz lightest yeah
funny who says hello jack and rich from
a guy in the land of 10,000 lakes
aka Minnesota fuck the cheese heads and
skull Vikings alright
BC gm3 miss toots
who says love you hacks weasel says hey
Jack thanks for being optimistic in a
sea of cynicism it's a tough job
sometimes especially when all three your
gang up on me but I'm here for the good
fight John Zoidberg
Xena trope for 36 motherfucking months
in a row and Xena trope says thanks for
three years of streams I had a birthday
recently could I get a thumbs up and a
Zenger Ragnar that's totally zag NARR
and as Agner from frag nan the alien to
sell a second are zag gnar I don't
remember what the second hour means
button is that a thing is that a
reference I'm tryna I don't remember the
Sun uh what was it what was it what was
the stupid sitcom that Mike did the
Grabowski of course of course Datsun 85
cents so
during Karen f13 stream didn't show up
though so maybe today HIV
welcome that's midnight Andy for 21
fucking months in a row zap F Dean bat
crew Bitzer silly puddy meth lab
gentlemen bears says everybody was a
baby once Arthur
baby's Chum tiny dimpled fleshy mirrors
of our us nests that we parents hurl
into the future like leathery footballs
of hope and you've got to get a good
spiral on that baby or evil will make an
interception oh that's a tick quote oh
you don't
everyone was a baby once Arthur baby's
Chum tiny dimply fleshy mirrors of our
us nests that we parents fowl into the
future like a leathery footballs of hope
and you've got to get a good spiral on
that baby or evil will make an
interception oh that's a great quote new
tick ticks coming out next month is that
next month next month we get we get live
action Peter Serafinowicz tick I'm super
height hang out I had a lot to live up
to that animated show absolutely but
they failed so hard to a live-action one
that this one's got to be better than
that people send the wagon no no it
lasted eight episodes these guys fans
listen I know my leg is blinding you but
this is what you got to deal with I'm
sorry
push level says hi there you sexy Goblin
it made you peppy I'm thinking I'm
taking a sexy Goblin doctor scientists
man
beer coaster Emma
and cephalo pathetic says oh my god
fred lon equalities prereq in my ass
madness PU for 30 fucking months a
neurosis 30 fucking months my god thanks
for all the entertainment guys you're
welcome thank you thank you Magnus
jurgis 101 who says twitch Prime it's
like I support you but with shit I was
gonna throw away anyway we'll take it
we'll take it wonderful job on jingles
says what's up Jack and rich not sure
what I love more riches laugher richest
chuckle you know what it's two layers
it's two levels of enjoying rich Bill LA
hecka 437 mother fucking months in a row
and Billa hecka says I've subbed for 37
months in a row reminds me of something
my girlfriend told me once while I was
working and I can be in my convenience
store gig was it 36 or 37 Billa that's
the important question that is a clerks
reference to how many not dicks his
girlfriend sucks and when she said I
don't know 36 he goes wait am i 36 and
she goes yeah 37
ok ok Bert every little bit of clerks
burned right into my brain
Thank You Bella hecka daddy slicked ik
Adam in Calgary a a clockwork Stalin for
33 fucking months and Rosa's fuck the
haters play some more Friday the 13th it
is made for some great streams it has I
agree mm-hmm yeah Jack what's drugs PC
and we'll go for another kill let's
check I could set the jack good MC Lucas
for 37 motherfucking
months in a row says others that I
follow play together in squads which
looks fun there's an actual plan you can
put together in fun and creative ways
can't imagine playing this solo it looks
so bland please consider trying this
with a group with voice chat at some
point I will personally what I like when
I play I will try to play with a group I
don't know if we'll do another extreme
of it I just really felt like playing
today and I am done Oh
Groppo sweater says Rich's right Friday
the 13th is funner except when you have
ass hats working with Jason and they get
act like you're unreasonable calling
them cocksuckers El Guapo sweater that's
true that's another great reference I
was three amigos right spooky Dookie the
natural gamers one Oh Becca death trip
monarch 78 Tom TBA who says thanks for
stuff and stuff really I mean it that
stuff
David I know people the nice machine-gun
funk I always want to say David in a
pineapple David you know even I know
people is good David
yes that works good how many months for
machine gun funk for 15 months in a row
I don't know if I did but it just in
case this is a case I spoke badger for
35 fucking months and roses I nearly
pissed myself laughing during the last
wheel disc of the misfortune worst a
garbage Bravo
why do you glad you're joining those
Canadians don't know what they're asking
for they want to keep coming down here
so guys save yourself you know what
you're gonna get in front fuck sake
right it's awful
twisted Anthony we had some winners
though
last time so it's a shame shame you're
on vacation I was I was I was up in
glorious and clean and wonderful yeah my
cousin like my cousin's husband who
lives up in Canada is a big farmer and
he grew he grows all of the barley for
Lagunitas beer okay where does that his
home is filled with beer so you had a
good time I had a fantastic time why is
daddy keep falling down well like like
you know the kids were out playing with
their kids and my mom was helping get
the party ready and he didn't really
want to help and and so I was like I was
like Oh Glenn maybe you could show me
your basements maybe you know and he was
like yeah please come down there and
drink and talk there's great amazed and
confused
twitchy Brett and real means real 4:29
fucking months in a row k firt tofu hey
says hey you hack frauds first time
listener many time caller so Superman
mustache enjoy the things and the words
and the vids woo do my hide Logan I'm
whoever gets that first picture whoever
releases that first picture is gonna be
king harvey Cavell with a mustache in
the full Superman outfit it's gonna be
great I wonder what and by the way I
wonder what's gonna be tougher you know
and you know during the Wonder Woman
shoot ya gal gadot was pregnant for a
lot of it yeah and they actually had to
like paint her belly green for some
scenes so she'd have like the Wonder
Woman top on is it true this is a true
thing this is an actual true thing which
is why I like a lot of the scenes do you
remember she was wearing that cloak okay
because she was pregnant during it so
they actually had to like paint green on
her belly huh and so I wonder which is
harder getting rid of like a big body
chunk or getting rid of a big body chunk
right mustache she can do partly in
makeup I imagine for wide shot sure from
way up for wide shots even it might even
make the digital mess of it easier if
you just got some gunk in there smear
I'm just gonna make it make it look a
little bit more natural I don't I don't
know hmm what a CG clusterfuck yep
nothing's real on a screen anymore
nothing's an actual image of a thing
that was there in reality it's all done
in computers kids
she was only pregnant for she was
pregnant for the filming they had to
green-screen her belly that is a fact
what are they saying they're saying
that's not true she was only pregnant
for the reshoots either way if something
had to do the whole thing
Superman is only gonna have a mustache
for the reshoots so it's it's kind of
that's a pretty equivalent it's kind of
the same situation yeah yeah this time
it's lupus for 21 fucking months in a
row says I swear to god they're going to
find some way to push Jedi and the force
in the Han Solo movie fuck it's gonna
suck yeah I I don't want them to I don't
want I just wanted a little space
adventure Star Wars fans need this look
this isn't this isn't for me I know that
Star Wars is not for me yeah and Star
Wars fans like lightsabers and forth and
garbage you know I don't I don't know
they're like app tap I like the add up
they need a lightsaber if there's no if
there's no lightsaber in my movie right
I'm gonna watch it you know have fun
yeah have fun enjoy your Han Solo movie
that's fine I really don't care yeah
Benji 64 for 15 months in a row Darkwing
MUC this is Jack did you ever watch that
folding ideas of Fight Club you'd love
it
rich did you ever get further and
Valkyrie Chronicles III got pulled away
by other things and I haven't really
thought about it sense honestly so III
didn't see that one he just came out
with a really interesting video on
something called folding ideas
the folding ideas what they do he's like
it does essays on movies and some on I
do games apparently he just did a
written essay a video essay oh okay I
thought you liked the letter S and the
letter A like what does that stand for
now I'm realism
he does he does saturation agriculture
it's actually really fascinating it's
about how to properly moisten he did a
really interesting one on something he
called ludonarrative dissonance in
gameplay which is when a game's
mechanics don't match the game's story
yeah and he he did a comparison between
that and the Transformers movies saying
like the the woman character in the
transformer that Megan Fox and
transformers is supposed to be this like
super smart competent badass gentleman
but they keep shooting her like a dumb
slutty piece of meat yeah so that is sin
a narrative dissonance okay okay and
comparing that to Bioshock where you get
to like make decisions but not really in
the story like just kind of in the game
playing again yes it's just like a fun
little like that's a nice thing to think
about so I haven't seen his Fight Club
won though I haven't gone I did I
subscribe to my new team I haven't gone
back to watch I I have to I have to
interrupt this this intellectual
discussion about movies and I have to
read the next name of the list oh sure
Dukey rampage folding ideas go get it
get on there touch football fighting for
28 fucking months in a row and touch
football fighting says Jack rich thanks
for all the hours of entertainments
appreciate you thank you appreciate you
through hard tree oh my god I'm just up
there I don't know you're gonna keep
saying things just kind of I was kind of
trailing off rich I thought you wouldn't
finish her buy her a break yep ever
break and I jumped it you went for her
tree fucker
says make you to Amazon for supporting
these frauds so I don't have to
I'm by me for anyone who doesn't know if
you have an Amazon Prime subscription
you get to subscribe to one twitch
streamer for free and we still get money
but you don't pay anything extra
thanks Twitter we're so fucked if they
ever discontinued that's great Thank You
Amazon eat my sandwich
uncool a man for 30 three fucking months
in a row says Jack I read and really
enjoyed the book whoa on your
recommendation but I remember you saying
the other books in the series weren't
good I think worth checking out
it's not that they aren't good
it's just they aren't as good as wool
they're still very fine stories and you
will enjoy them if you loved wool which
it sounds like you did you will really
enjoy the other two books and I think
it's called like late shift and dust
maybe I forget what the other two are
called
but if you just look for the wool series
you get all three they're just not as
good as wool but wool is so good that it
kind of carry the momentum carries over
so this is a series of books it's a
series of books and we have not made a
movie I think it was optioned for a
movie ages ago
it's old its old school it's a little
well no it's not it's it's within the
last 10 years this book came out it's
written by Hugh Howey and wool is
fantastic the other two books aren't as
good but Willis so wool is so good the
momentum carries over just thinking
about that last spotlight episode
muffled town for 24 fucking months in a
row you keep teasing that John Elway's
teeth Frisco Jones for 35 fucking months
in a row Edie
boron master Keith Oh polo Diablos six
five seven who says I hope you know I
was just breaking your balls about my
name I would never expect you northern
bass hello oh that's right and Paolo
Diablo
very very self-conscious about it too
el pollo Diablo you know it looks I
guess polo would be just one el sure
they're a chicken devil we'll just call
them chicken devil check the chicken
double oh that a hunchback jack is from
my so it's wool shift and dust hunchback
Jack says not mind-blowing but worth
weed I think wool is wool is such a
well-built universe they do they do this
Hugh Howey does this amazing job of
setting up the world there and which is
an incredibly unique sci-fi post
apocalypse right
the their post-apocalyptic world is
unique and thorough and you believe it
once once he starts describing the world
they live in
you are into it will shift dust it's the
crazy chicken rich lol pollo pollo pollo
is chicken right
el is V as far as I know Diablo is devil
loco loco is crazy
yeah that's the creepy crazy insane
there could be different words for it a
local about Bobby yeah loco yeah
el pollo Diablo that's the chicken devil
yeah the chicken devil yeah uh yeah boyo
boyo Oh for crying out loud man boyo el
boyo
Diablo I shouldn't be Diablo if I was
gonna make Y sound it's two now it's two
L's and I'm sure I'm sure I'll make a
white and I'm sure when you do that in
Spanish there's like an umlaut over to
something cool yo yo yo
yeah look at Captain Muller saying two
L's equals white oh my god oh my god
here's the thing el poyo Diablo one of
these times we're gonna do it right just
gonna say the chicken devil chicken
devil or maybe then you're like fuck the
Crazy Chicken and okay now I'm just
gonna say the Crazy Chicken even I know
that's completely wrong and I'll get my
banjo out
hey crazy chicken thing could bring pen
and paper
I'm sick of being corrected if I'm gonna
be corrected I may as well get it
completely wrong boyo boyo Deputy Trojan
ziltoid 38 Len bogan and civilizations
thank you all for subscribing we really
appreciate it true we really do it's
true we really do be the LPO talk is
really where we should play run own
better run sucks
