Shmucks Playing Shmups (part 2)
April 30, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MMbz-Bb11J0

Aaron 2618 says hey rich just curious
how did you inject me think you've been
friends with Mike for years right Jack
seems to get a lot of hate at times
unjustified in my opinion a big fan of
both of you the new guy and I believe
the first time I ever saw you was on the
set of feeding frenzy yeah probably then
that was not an epic story to it I mean
I drove up to Wisconsin to film them and
the star in feeding frenzy to act in a
number the star and then this guy was
just there he was another character I
didn't know that well yeah uh yeah that
was probably the first day we met and
then after that for some reason you
wanted me to be in your poop again p.i
videos and you didn't know I lived in
Chicago right you know it's like I I
knew I knew you from Mike and Jay
working with you yeah and I knew you're
funny and talented and so I was like oh
oh thank you I thought I was totally you
have a yo shit you have a natural you
are natural on camera and that is a
heart like you don't even think about
huh but there are people who work their
whole lives to be as natural as you on
campus okay probably because you've been
on camera a large portion of your work
so yeah I made this stupid video and I
just assumed like oh oh I'll talk to
Mike and you know like cuz I didn't know
you have your phone number at the time
line I'll talk to Mike and we'll have
French to it like you know reaches
they're actually like you were in so
much stuff of theirs that I just assumed
you lived in town yeah yeah I found a
way later that at the time you drove up
from Chicago that's a D in poop again P
I which I am so sorry about I so suck
but uh but yeah yes and so you did that
and that was a lot of fun and then we
probably didn't start to hang out
regularly until like best of the world
right right didn't run into you that
often until then right yeah and you're
it's not like you're a bar person we're
like with Mike and Jay
we could go to a bar hangout I'd I'd CJ
Etta at a music show or whatever mm-hmm
I saw you occasionally would film a mr.
Vallee
Tommy the mailman on half of the bag
exactly we knew of each other's
existence --is but none of these are
good and so then when when we would be
you know when there would be downtime
eventually nerdy conversation would
gravitate towards video games or comics
and which and I were the only ones that
would know about some Luka
as it happens o naturale
am i enjoying Bayonetta 2 I enjoyed what
I've played but I have not played it
since the stream because in my free time
I've kind of been revisiting the Zelda's
okay
and I still like Twilight Princess but
but but man after coming off breath of
the while it was so fucking linear and
I'd be saying that you know about any of
the fucking 3ds Elvis right no I go but
I wait why can't I climb on that thing
why am I stuck behind this wall that's
that's what the experience is like like
why can't I just go there oh no that
would you mean the bridges out I'll swim
across who cares if the bridge is up
right that would be so frustrating to me
the difference of it hits you like a ton
of bricks just a little limitations oh
yeah
majora's mask i hate young realistic
link
it's a stupid superficial reason but I
despise vaguely realistic young link
okay that won't be a kid the game only
only works in Wind Waker because of the
cartoony style or knowing whether Grave
it's cartoon sounds great I want be no
fucking ten-year-old fuck that
what do I think of Arkham night after
time is past I haven't really replayed
it rot since around the time we reviewed
it and you kind of kind of know my
thoughts from the review Batmobile sucks
stealth is dumbed down
combat still fun but there's much less
of it because while the Batmobile shit
they jammed in there fine storytelling
though rich confirmed for closed-minded
old man you you fucking you fuckin
Majora's Mask you know okarin knew all
of time fanboys I just go fuck
yourselves just just just go fuck it's
that stream right now go fuck yourself
get it out of your system and come back
but you might need that yeah
especially okar enough time man the best
the best game of all times
this games the best game of all time
that that happens to have the absolute
worst zelda overworld the ugliest
fucking graphics not that's the most
important thing in the world what is a
factor or of the most tedious combat oh
you know I think the combat side
I think the combats all right not green
I'll tell you what what does what does
it do that
that Twilight Princess doesn't do better
how are you I agree but okay at the time
try the princess woman a thing at the
time man at the time of 20 games I'd
rather play for combat plenty of them
oh I know I'm pronouncing it wrong I
don't give a shit because I know it
irritates you if you haven't caught on
yet I'm doing it deliberately because
you're so snobby about that overrated
game Oh Oh fucking Twilight Princess is
badly placed with long lame parks in
replaying it I will agree on that all
those dog sections the dog sections suck
yeah they can fuck right the program
takes that game takes a while to get to
the fucking point yeah I'll agree I'll
agree great then again I never said that
was the bezel to either when best I'm
still saying a Link to the Past then
winwaker winwaker yeah winwaker is great
I put winwaker over Linton fast I'll be
real with you when Drake is fucking
great
number
fuck you
which you approach Okara as someone who
never watched the original Star Wars
would look at that movie now except I
played that game when it came out and
I'm not saying it's terrible I'm just
saying it's it's not everything it's
cracked up to be
it's it's a good game it's not the bet
it's not the best over it's like the
fifth best zeldo especially at this
point yeah oh yeah there's a lotta
there's a lot of Delta's I put about it
like there's been a lot of Zelda's I
mean it's not the fifth or sixth isn't
awful right right
like I'm not when I'm not sure where I'm
putting breath of the while but it's up
there breath of the wild winwaker link
to the past Twilight Princess I'm
putting all of them above a car now and
you know what if I'm gonna be super real
yeah like there's a bunch of a handhelds
that I put above it yeah okay like and I
okay I like ocarina but Oracle of Ages
and Oracle of Seasons are great games
they're fucking great games Link's
Awakening not so much but but I mean
that that that overworld for Fraga no
karna it's just it's awful
it's fucking it's a big well there's any
big it's a moderately sized yours empty
field here here's nothing interesting to
see or do but and you know part of this
is our age difference and part of this
was at the time you were a PC player
right imagine someone who didn't have a
computer in their house yeah all they
had were consoles okay
that was huge to them how about how
about Mario 64 which we talked about
exploration was far better no no that
was different going into the paintings
was like different worlds Ocarina was
one big world and it was huge so like
there there there is a difference as far
as upbringing is concerned no love for
Link's Awakening I'm not saying no love
I haven't I just I just I just simply
haven't played that in a really long
time oh you know what end it yeah I
almost say no love for Link's Awakening
I yep
especially compared to other handhelds
like fuck you I think I think the Oracle
games do do far more justice to the
Zelda franchise what the Skyward Sword
to be the worst yeah I put I put a car
not over Skyward Sword yeah
I put I put o karna over Eva V original
or link to the past well Cara has the
second dollar surpassed I'm sorry
links adventure adventure okra me mu has
the second worst combat in the series
Skyward Sword has the worst like like
I'm playing a Zelda game and there's a
group of of goblins mob looms whatever
the whatever the Frick they call them in
that particular game and I'm not excited
to fight them because the combat system
is fucking awful
why do I say okuru nose so weird because
I'd only seen it in print and absolutely
never heard it pronounced until recent
days that's so shocking to me like I and
I like everyone I've ever spoken to his
always called it ocarina and even known
what how to pronounce it except for you
even though I know I'm saying it wrong I
get so amused by how agitated that makes
absolutely everyone yeah that I'm going
to keep calling it ocarina sure where's
that right which I don't remember which
is right anymore
wait what did you say Okara no that's
the wrong way right that's the wrong
okay
Oh karna
ever see sequel itís about length of
the past versus o karna ah oh you did
that one finally come out like years ago
like the last one he did oh really yeah
oopsie ah no then I don't think I have
he did really good he did that really
great one about Castlevania and he did
he did one about Megaman X yes were
really good and I know for a while he
was talking about doing a Ocarina of
Time one and I know I don't know if I
ever got around to it we did it's great
oh okay capable people in the comments
are very upset oh yeah no that's right
oh okay
like the the recommended videos next
they're all like like awful rebuttals oh
no oh no um
whatever your new egoraptor that was his
name yeah egoraptor egoraptor poor
egoraptor no I liked pronouncing it
incorrectly because I'm an asshole it
amuses him
what videos there's a there's a youtuber
called egoraptor and he has this small
series of videos called sequel itis yes
there apparently there's only free to
the whole series yeah where he takes a
sequel to a classic game and he kind of
analyzes it a gameplay perspective what
they did and what they changed how it's
different from the other one it's a good
series yeah yeah fine series fine series
I only did this
did this a Zelda one I missed out on
this show your big gripe with Asher big
gripe with a parent uptime is the hut
the HUBZone is an open field that's not
even that big and graphics
wouldn't you say those are minor things
I don't think the the overworld being
awful is a minor thing in a series that
in a fucking series that's all about
exploring and in the wonderment of
exploration and finding new things no
that's a big fucking deal when a
graphics I have said is minor and I
didn't say it's awful I just said so
many other Zelda games are better yeah
well you know what something I think I
that I ended up cutting is also linear
that that's something that I ended up
cutting from our breath of the wilder
view which is like ocarina is one of the
most linear
I mean besides Skyward Sword is one of
the most leave me here Zelda games an
ocarina is the thing that that steered
them towards linearity it's yeah yes
well you know what I'm gonna be honest
yeah
look for the past kind of start of it
Ida started there was a couple of you
out of order if I remember right and I
think you could pretty much get some
most places on the map but
fuck you Twilight Princess is linear
respect yes I'm not enjoying that in
hindsight yeah I'm replaying it now for
the first time in years and I can
criticize the fuck out of Twilight
Princess yeah I still don't see where it
doesn't do anything that okar enough
time does but better I may have said
that weird but you did you said that
very weird so that's very good there's
nothing that uh that ocarina does that
Twilight Princess doesn't do at least as
good the opening overworld is better the
overworld is better the combat is way
better there's some really good dungeons
yep yeah but the wolf sucks everyone can
agree on that
if the wolf sucks so bad he does the
wolf blows chunks I was pressing the
wrong button I am NOT a fan of this game
stupid button thing
stupid button thing
so rich are you saying I'm missing out I
don't play the Arkham games uh yeah well
doubly so if you're a Batman fan if
you're a Batman fan the Arkham games are
like the ultimate Batman experience yeah
they're pretty good it's a fucking
Batman simulator
yeah our games are all right and you
know I've only played a little bit of
that first one button but our domaine
pretty alright the Knights got a lot
going for man
my man's got a lot going for it sailing
for hours in winwaker is a better
overworld yeah sailing is an issue but
there's still more to find yes a there's
still a shitload more to find in
winwakerwinwaker you discover stuff you
don't discover jack shit in okarin up
right yeah please don't try to poopoo
windwaker nope you find you know you
find Okara
a hole in the ground you know what's in
that hole a chest with 20 rupees
that's your fucking reward for
exploration no the wind waker overworld
it was a the the bigness was an illusion
because there was a lot i'll agree with
that there was a lot of emptiness in
there but it was also wonderful like the
the emptiness you could say there is an
argument for it it being done on purpose
because it was a big lonely world and
you were a little kid going on a big
adventure you know I was me you could
have taken out the sailing though and
just lumped all the islands much closer
together and there'd still be a higher
density of shit the fine then hoot hoot
of time oh yeah oh no it would see like
the sailing and the distances from the
island is what made that world so
cohesive you know because you could
understand why no one like no one talked
to anyone like in Alva and all the other
Zelda games like the the the gorons
never talked to the other people they
never talked to the other people because
but like they lived two seconds away
from each other in ode of time right but
but here they're spread out ah wind
wakers so fucking compare windfall
island to castle town fucking fucking
boring ass castle town and food versus
windfall island where there's like three
people in castle all right yeah the what
do they call the bird people again
the the her asking me I'm the one not I
know no I know I don't remember anything
that could them compared to the fuck
Goron City fucking Goron City I mean
there's no question there's no question
rito thank you no no it's in hindsight a
lot of ocarina is is very bad at the
time i still defend it though as at the
time it had a lot of good it had a lot
of good going how lame and empty is is
owed Zoras domain how fucking lame and
empty is that was there one hora was
their wings ours like five it was like
five and one diving minigame right
the awe and wonder of walking into a
cave at the time at the time it's a cave
with a few people in it that's all we
had rich that's all we had to be the all
the Wonder the excitement with the power
of hindsight I agree with you but at the
time it was so pretty sure sure I will
defend ocarina a lot with at the time
but no since we have Wind Waker since we
have breath of the wild since we have a
lot of the games that we have now
more damage lasting qualities is a
sunburn
but uh
lasting qualities is a doesn't that's a
tricky quick rather the wild has
destination stagnation
what is destination stagnation
destination stagnation I have not heard
this term before destination stagnation
it sounds to me like going places gets
old but that's not true
it takes you like 200 hours to find all
of the places
that is not a term I've heard before
much being a very emotionally
understanding person yeah what do you do
if you're trying to talk to someone who
you care about but they don't or won't
talk back then don't then don't talk to
him leave the door open
yeah let them let them know you're there
for them yeah but you got to just let
that go man or else or else you're gonna
be the creeper unless you're actually
worried about them doing something
harmful to themselves Andy and you know
what even then you got to go man you got
it you got to let him be you don't want
to push you know what yeah don't push if
you push they're just gonna keep pushing
right back and you ain't gonna get
nowhere which would you say Mega Man
Legends did the overworld better at the
time fuck yes that came son yeah I
played that because you were like I love
I love little cities and towns in that
game I love the way all of the dungeons
are actually interconnected but instead
of having like just sporadic caves you
can find there's a giant fucking
interconnected underground and Mega Man
Legends so yes I'm gonna say Mega Man
Legends has a far better fucking map the
new it does that game could have the
best map but you can't control your
character they did it was like it's an
earlier game than I think even hmm at
least around the same time development
around the same time I remember sin
previews of had long before it came out
sure know that game sucks balls that it
came to the came to the Vita store and
it was on sale and I remember you talk I
can understand I can understand having
issues with the controls but the fucking
the fucking maps and the towns no not at
all not at all but how can you even get
to the maps in towns when you can't
consider there that's a different it's a
different issue you're talking about
yeah it's a completely different issue
you can't get to the good stuff
if you can't gauge all your care okay
really mmm
highlight legends but every underground
area look like a bland subway tunnel you
know you can blame on that the
transition to 3d it's effective it's
effectively the same problem that we had
you know is the 90s and they'd kind of
perfected sprite art yeah you know you
had some very very fucking beautiful
Super Nintendo and Genesis games and
then you go from this beautiful fucking
pixel art to this just fucking ship 12
poly ground on the screen at a time 3d
and that's what's wrong with that
the ps2 era games have aged well yes but
Mega Man Legends is a ps1 era game and
there was just too many too many
limitations and too much that was new
about 3d yeah I'll tell you what I'll
tell you what though Mega Man Legends
has that that o karna of time does not
oh that's it right god damn it no I
think it's still set around don't worry
I guess it right I still set a run I
don't
Ocarina is right right ocarina ocarina
okay so uh
okarin up time what perfect Mega Man
Legends has some nice crisp looking
textures well you know that nice at
least crisp looking textures yeah
o karna is a fucking blurry mess because
it was on the n64 it looks like a
fucking blurry ugly mess like every
fucking game on that system I mean yes
listen yeah that was not a system known
for its graphical fidelity it's clear
and not blurry with the Megaman textures
to me an eye texture looks like an
eyeball and not like a smear a smear on
a trying fucking smear and a triangle
extra texture is that grass or mud I
don't fucking know uh so much so much of
those things like I just can't care
about because of how bad it controlled I
can't even I can't even imagine you are
saying anything positive about it
because it controlled like like like a
tank with only one stick you had one
stick for movement and turning Oh is
awful stupid game I'm gonna fucking
stream that games and suck it you play
it you can fucking suck it you play it
then
as long as your planet I don't care I
ain't playing it
probably far behind now that's fine is
it yep okay hey I'm a through that first
stage without getting hit once good I
feel really good about that exit forget
no word I don't get an award for that
I'm a little uh a little work Gradle 23
says hey Jack I'm Jack thanks for the
tip on getting stuff signed I just
ordered a copy of space con and
requested that you sign it once for each
of your on-screen race lol fuck my car
I forgot how many I have might have
seven but I play legends to it all which
fixed the controls I wouldn't say
they're super fixed or a lot smoother if
you know I'm just looking for a modern
control scheme I didn't like the rest of
the game quite as much I don't like the
fact in the overworld it's not like
connected it's like separate
compartments that you go visit actually
I do really like legends over roll
legends is like I here's the the snow
town and then here's like a desert area
and whatever was great legends one or
lessons - - had the snow world that's
gonna like the different smaller areas
yeah okay
it wasn't this was labyrinthine
interconnected wonderful world
sign it once for every hair on your head
jack that see that would be easier
unless you're talking about hair on my
face - because eyebrows are Haven also I
can't stand mega man's new voice in the
legends to voice thing yeah
we have voices in both games what they
got both voices voice acting in both
games unlike ocarina I got hit twice I'm
not happy rich I'm not happy with this
game rich hates banjo kazooie because
it's a collectathon rich you never I
never played banjo kazooie oh yeah kazoo
yeah cuz it's a collector fun that was
probably why I didn't play it was that
it came out at a time when yeah I get it
I get Mario 64 I get it well I played
that I played that what's new rich has
rich and I I would say have strong
feelings about collector thumbs I'm not
a huge fan of it and I know just from
talking with Ritz that he is also not
the biggest fan like it's like Mario 64
with characters I don't know yeah well
they're no Mario 64 at least had like
cohesive levels like there was
collecting but there was other shit to
do too you know I was probably busy
playing quake 2 or Jedi Knight at that
time
because I've always been a PC guy so
that's that's probably what I was doing
around the time with banjo kazooie
playing something good we get it
something different week let me edit
rich you play PC games BC games great
and console games suck we fucking get it
wait to you
I love the quake - man how does a fun
shoot heat you but you you'd quake -
what's wrong with you man he shits again
even I know quick - has some good shit
in it didn't quite - he started it
didn't that sort of Reena definite um no
no that they had they had death match
since freaking doom no but wasn't like
uh wasn't quick - the first one to
integrate the like where it wasn't a mom
it wasn't a mod in any of them okay you
know now the doom didn't have mods the
multiplayer was just part of the game
doom yeah oh my god we're gonna West
player anger they don't like dial-up and
what now you know
oh no they probably a party's the show
yeah I might have I might have just been
land with you I don't really remember
okay I'm reckon you could do I don't
remember how the original version of
doom handled multiplayer but oh I know
you're not a multiplayer they didn't
they didn't start perfecting that until
the quake games
quake is where multiplayer took off
right
I probably saved me from making a bad
call still kind of water so Chad I
didn't play The Last of Us i from a
gameplay perspective I thought it was
uninspired and from the stories
perspective is just kind of overbearing
constantly fucking talking people rather
than doing the gameplay which was
mediocre I didn't I didn't care for it
fuck you H bard says you guys have
successfully nerd sniping nerds Knights
yes for the waterslide you would need a
radius of curvature of 94 feet a
10-story slide and you would travel
nearly a mile horizontally before
stopping you would have to travel anneal
a mile before horizontal IFT why I'm not
sure why the height is 10 story is
specifically that well it would have to
do with the curve because like no matter
what like oh go before it's before it's
safe enough before it's safe enough to
turn right okay okay
cuz at any speed if you make a turn ever
when you're going fast enough you make
that turn I'm not saying this is
something I want to try I just wondering
my weird brain if that would be
survivable that's all I was curious
about
yeah
ah
you played blue side or limbo and we
enjoy inside I haven't played limbo
though we have we had our full stream we
stream the whole game of inside yeah
that was fun and I know the the makers
of inside and limbo just got done with
their new game little creatures little
monster something like that something
like that
and here's I'll be real I'll be real
real with you I was actually really
excited about this game it looks really
neat until I found out that it was made
by these guys because now I know exactly
what its gonna be and I'm no longer I
know I wanna play because it was made by
the same people who did limbo and and
inside I don't care about it he season
consoles have their pros and cons what's
the con if you see some people who take
costs you don't have to build the top of
line work well you know I know I'm
playing devil's advocate for you yeah
cost is an issue and upkeep you know
it's it's not with it with a console
with a console like especially older
consoles it an n64 sometimes you had to
blow on it right that was it with a PC
there it's like there's their software
to deal with there's updates to deal
with it's been even with games like
getting the right patch to fix a game
it's a little more hands-on consoles
have already taken on all of the
negatives that used to be exclusive to
PC gaming that's true
fuck you know patches and complete shit
downloads yep yep they've already taken
on most of the cons yep they absolutely
have
I'm talking back in the day and as far
as cost there are people out there who
have put together gaming pcs for the
cost of a console oh yeah
no it's it's it's getting to nowadays
and you know like especially now with
stuff like Steam that has automatic
updates you know like make sure you're
playing the most up-to-date shit it's
becoming more and more where these the
old arguments don't matter but I'd still
say there is a costs they cost pipeline
and even a compatibility pipeline you
know where some games will come out and
it's like oh well I this came for some
reason does not support the graphics
processor that I purchased right I've
only had issues with that on the Windows
Store though lately I fall place oh sure
and I think that's just they did a
shitty job getting their game ready to
plan oh yeah
I don't I don't know what the fuck they
did with was a quantum break I don't
know what the fuck that was oh man your
footage from that was scary other met
though like just about anything that's
come out in steam for years now was run
fine without issues not major issues
fuck you I don't like this game I don't
like it I'm gonna play it for 15 more
minutes then we'll be done the only
issues I've had I've been when a game
doesn't have customization options like
you can't rebind controls yeah and
that's every console game yep
tell Jack that little nightmares wasn't
made by the limbo people Jack little
nightmares was not made by the window
you took you you chat obviously not you
you chant told me last stream that it
was I was very excited about it
until last dream you chat told me that
it was made by the limbo people it look
it looks very much like a limbo ass game
the con is that we have to pretend
there's a con because people think this
has to be a fair discussion says the
time at mousetrap yes yes this is a very
lopsided thing in my view oh no like I
said every single fucking day there are
less and less reasons to buy a console
every day somebody's saying exclusives
like blood-borne like currently that's
like the only worthwhile one though on
that in horizon zero dawn like that I
don't know ma'am I don't know ma'am
console you know it really then it's
supposed to just Nintendo like for the
Nintendo stop
even even then I'm sure you can find
comparable games that are on that aren't
PC one or one or two exclusives aren't
going to get me to trade fucking all of
the advantages of having a PC right
right because we're assuming in this in
this scenario that a person can only get
one you know rich and I are very
fortunate that that we get we get
multiple stuff because the show but in a
normal situation people can only buy one
trying to take a higher profile PC
exclusives I know they're out there like
recent ones like he could look at like
you know that one of the advantages of
PC is backwards compatibility is it
really an issue all of my all my old
fucking PC games I can currently play on
my PC for like the last freaking 25 to
30 years really the Sira games like you
know that was funny huh yeah I'm trying
I'm trying to think of something recent
that you can only get on PC I know
they're out there like this stuff like
star citizen yeah that's that's a fairly
recent yeah drawn a blank right now
wandering Souls civilization
civilization 6
she's about any real-time strategy yeah
yeah that's just our Starcraft stuff
like World of Warcraft would be the big
one yeah I'm not gonna you're not gonna
be able to find me yeah World of
Warcraft League of Legends that that
could that kind of like big-name mamoru
government or memo bus stuff you're not
going to be able to fight you just won't
find on on on consoles because of the
immense amount of
any thoughts on the upcoming ps4
spider-man game
uh yeah I'm gonna be horribly distracted
by that ugly white spider the entire
fucking game that's my thought on that
oh oh yeah you really don't like his
outfit I really don't like that outfit
and I don't know much I don't know much
about the game other than that I can't
comment on others like what they do with
the gameplay well I have no idea I have
no idea what they're doing with the
gameplay
hate this game I don't like it say what
I wanted to call doom a PC exclusive
just because why the fuck would you want
to play that with a controller I
realized it was released on the consoles
I played it with the controllers
XCOM - yeah of course
shit but that's out on consoles now is
it mate I won't be shocked but look at
this
fuck you fuck you game I'm done I'm done
I'm done you're done I'm fucking down
here let's we're gonna ton of tips to
get through how far did says hey rich I
see a lot of people recommend movies and
shows to watch yeah what are some
specific things you look for in a show I
look for it to be entertaining I'm gonna
play that you whoa rich settle down
there that's some wonder you're right
Gino suave when VR takes off in 100
years PC will be the place to be
up
mr. Bob blocks blobs mr. Bob blocks bob
says hey guys big fan here wondering if
you got any new shows in the pipeline
that would need a jingle I'm sort of a
jingle specialist and I'd love to have
you on my resume
consider it fanservice heap not not at
this moment not at this moment
but thank you thank you for your after
offer mr. Bob blocks Bob Kirkland the
whole star wars dated thing has some
credence my friends kids loved the
prequel trilogy so much more than the
original movies because of the effects
or that's what I tell myself but there's
no accounting for taste no no no this it
was the same thing for my children I I
tried to get him to watch Star Wars a
little too young and they couldn't make
it for a new hope not because it was
inappropriate or anything but a new hope
is a very slow move especially compared
with the later Star Wars movies a new
hope we really like it as kids huh we
like the disgust we didn't have anything
else they have everything else rich it
was very rare to have the options so
they have options they don't need Star
Wars like we needed Star Wars
after after they got a little bit older
and we made it through a new hope and
the other movies now they like all of
them but a new hope is a slow moving the
it's not even they're not even bored by
old effects the pace of a new hope is
glacial you don't get into a cool space
battle until what 45 minutes into the
movie
back in my day Star Wars is all we had
it's true I'm not again I'm not saying
it's bad I'm just saying it's slow
especially competitive movies it's good
to be with me it's fine
you know it's fine notchback Fiero says
rich have you read the ghost in the
shell' manga volume
so how do you reconnect to someone who
you've heard what's - who I've hurt how
do you reconnect with someone who you've
hurt but still care about die you might
not be able to don't man you fucked up
and you know what that's the price to
pay when you fuck up out of that lesson
just don't hurt people you don't get to
make that choice like if you hurt
someone and they no longer hang out with
you because you hurt them you don't get
to make the choice to reconnect with
them anymore you've lost that privilege
so that's just you fucking up just try
to be a good person to all the other
future people you meet how about that
that's all I got for you
I'm sorry if that's not very incredibly
helpful that's all I got for you laugh
at your misery we do we're not really we
just you know
fuck see chad is saying wait a lot of
time and send a peace offering once if
they don't respond never do it again
okay maybe okay no so go go I can see
that I can see that a B I don't know man
disclaimer jacket rich aren't therapists
that's very true you are taking advice
from two Schmucks playing video games
also rethink some of your life choices
he fucked me over I'm more likely to
throw you off a building let's forgive
you this is what I'm saying
so like it another sin like how do i how
do i you know like make it so I'm cool
with that person again it's like yeah
you might not be able to but you know
what if you're just like cool to
everyone else maybe it'll get back
around to that person that hate that
dickhead who is a dickhead to you kind
of cool now okay maybe Jack you ever
watch Legion pacify yes Legion his great
show I liked all the episodes and I
thought it was great and I'm really
looking forward to more Legion and the
people the actors were great and an
Audrey Plaza that was one of the only
roles I've liked her in as usually I
don't care for her stick and I thought
it's great Legion is great Legion is
good filmmaking and filmmaking as a tool
to help sell
powers oh I don't like Meissner says
jack my parents got divorced a couple of
years ago any advice on how to fix years
and years of emotional damage and agony
you turned it into art man that's all
you can do no there's nothing you can do
your fuck forever basically I went up to
it try not to drink too much because
that leads to depression and make smart
boom fixing your problems you're welcome
try experimental music
have you tried no don't don't turn to
booze alcohol is a depressant if you
turn to booze that you become dependent
what have you've started some weird shit
sometimes chat can pick up on the
weirdness they like the weirdest they
like the weirdness I know they're like
nascar's falling out of planes well that
was you know that was just good old fun
right there alright um
young Bubby's says you have clearly
omitted the greatest comic artist of all
Rob unnecessary pouches of life out Bob
Liefeld is a dickhead and an asshole and
a terrible artist I'm sure that was
sarcasm jack oh I know I just I'm not
taking the sarcasm and I'm just pointing
out to everyone that Rob Liefeld is a
dick
Rob Liefeld I think we've talked about
this before Rob Liefeld is a great
example of you can do it that man is a
terrible artist yet he is a professional
he is a high paid professional and his
art sucks consistently that means you
can do it too I'm not good and so can
you
hahahaha that's the Rob Liefeld wave
shit there sky laser you've never seen
those before
shit rich Jesus Christ
he made Deadpool right I mean steal
Deathstroke didn't take Deadpool didn't
maybe it wasn't the right early costume
sure it's co-creator he also co-created
he also created one of the people who
was appearing in the new Deadpool movie
Domino who is the exact clone of another
character that how he exists
she has the power of luck which is a the
mutant power that longshot has in the
Marvel Universe so it's the power that
black cat has really yeah no she isn't
she's a licensed Scarlet Witch affect
probability Scarlet Witch no she's a spy
now you think a black widow Scarlet
Witch scarlet no Scarlet Witch she's not
a spy scarlet scarlet witch has a
reality altering okay is that a red con
I thought she just altered probability
at some point no it's Carly well how
about that
comic Scarlet Witch had had the ability
to to alter perception and reality as
far as I know
but maybe perhaps at one point she had
probability of power powers of who knows
scholar which had the red laser powers
yep you got it comic books are super
silly because we're having this
conversation
agreed Aaron two six one eight says our
most of you at our LM cool if fancy you
and say hi and asked for a quick yeah
yeah I traveled to Milwaukee to see
family from time to time and wouldn't
want to do it if you don't like that
kind of thing
thanks I I think for some reason I'd see
more people than anyone else and I'm
always cool with it but I assume
everyone is someday someday Jack I'm
gonna talk about horrible spat fan
experience someday someday someday we're
not there yet I've had nothing but great
fan experiences I just met someone over
at the grocery store and they're like
hey I see you stuff and I like to stuff
you make I go to MATC and you know I'm
getting into film and and film
production and TV production I was like
nah man that's super great and like that
I always think it's great to you okay
I know I did you beat him by a half a
second I know I did ah notchback Fiero
says have you guys ever played enter the
gungeon on stream yes we have great
bullet-hell with good mechanics and
plenty of jokes and humor bullet-hell
rogue like all the bad guys of books
yeah actually we won't throw up here to
where we were playing nothing but enter
the gun
is a fine game it's fine good I got a
little bored of it I'll be honest with
ya it's not the one where I got punched
in the face believe it or not there's
something worse than that
ha ha ha I had a fan punch me in the
face on accident beautiful
now into the gungeon was fine it just
you know it got old after a while
it's got old gonna hate these lasers I'm
sure these lasers in general the red
ones on your blue one no no they're the
thing they shoot yeah agreed
it's the reason I like it is because it
changes up the formula or it's not just
all Gradius bullet-hell right okay
here's like it's like it's almost like a
puzzle that you need the song and I
don't and I dig that get in between
those two da or shoot or shoot
rebel bases just put my pre req order in
for strafe 1996 collector's edition my
pre-order in for strafe 1996 collector's
editions are you guys excited for it and
would you like them to comes back for a
post release stream they are welcome to
of course they're welcome anytime you
know what I still have no idea how he
found my skype when he found your skype
yeah then we give it to them after they
got all those in the chat or something
no unless you did cuz we were skyping we
haven't you and I were skyping right we
were on stream no no the first time we
were skyping and then all of a sudden he
called me and I have no idea how he
found my skype you're not weird
the first time the first time we placed
Rafe I you were skyping in and I was
playing at home I thought he was like in
the chat and then we said ah he's in the
Chad you lied you want to Skype I
thought that's how that happened yeah
but we didn't give him my Skype
information he caught he'd then just
called me hmm
oh we're rich rich gives Jack Skype
information out to everyone you just
can't expect him to remember one
specific instance
you just search to Jack the bulb when
I'm Scott maybe maybe no no I mean it
turned out fine I just remember like the
fun you know afterwards we like we had
never verified it was him because he
called me out of the blue so it could
have not been him who called us but now
I'm really excited I know like they have
a and you know we we backed strafe on
Kickstarter and some of the early levels
are available to play and I'm not going
to put oh by the way that does like six
damage to you it's kind of bullshit
right how was kind of bullshit yeah I
had a man I fucking I had that you were
doing great rich you were doing
absolutely great what the fuck yeah
that's this games kind of bullshit
but I'm really excited pleasure if I'm
going to wait for the full release of
strafe even though I have access to the
two early play I'm waiting I'm waiting
for the forms anonymous says I mainly
appreciate ocarina of time for
introducing lock-on targeting that
that's probably it that's probably it
it's real lasting legacy what sighing
something my throat that's weird it's
weird gobbledygook says number one
reason consoles will always sell well
kids lots of parents will give their
kids a video game system and let them
play Nintendo or whatever but a PC has
too many oh I didn't say they shouldn't
exist
I have nothing against them oh I don't
know you know if you're a dolt I don't
know why you wouldn't rather have PC but
yeah it's there's there's very little
reasons to have only a console LAN would
you want a flat oh really Kim also
gobbledygook says that rich to triple-a
titillating titles to tempt and attempt
in two weeks pray and injustice to pray
you like first-person shooter games
right injustice to as a fighting game in
the DC Universe but it's not free youth
box
yeah I keep hearing about prey I don't
know what I hear about it but I keep
hearing about it
maybe we could check it out I don't know
great you heard it here first folks you
heard it here first
please pray to or is it just pray anima
jor Clem says a tip for rich for being
the Messiah to the PC gaming race you're
the Messiah thank you thank you very
much hello robot bro I have no strong
thoughts on Minority Report it's it's a
fine movie I enjoyed it and then I
haven't really thought about it
do you have any thoughts on Minority
Report no it's fine
so health auto-cannon
try something like faster reload maybe
it'll give me fast homing I don't know
what wait where's that more for like
semi atif like the shotgun what what if
you just go over it don't click why but
just go over it now it can can you like
test out your weapon no no no same
reason I don't get two extra healthier
oh sure
two extra health is really nice bullet
autocannon is really nice you know you
know and we talked about Civil War - yet
no in comic comics I'm finally I'm
probably talking about a little I
finally caught up to what's going on in
Civil War 2 because that over huh oh
it's over now but I like I only read the
the trades and so miss Marvel and the
all-new all-different Avengers new
trades finally came out so I like I
finally know what's going on in civil
war tuna autocannon sweet yeah okay it's
great
and do you know why they were getting
why they were fighting in civil war two
because minority before because it's my
fucking Minority Report like they just
ripped that straight off it's bullshit
bullshit they wanted they want to
praecox
I wanted we got it we got a an inhuman
who can kind of predict the future but
we can't jail people before they commit
a crime oh we're gonna have another
Civil War it's crazy it was crazy
is what it was has really done I thought
it was very done
garbage advertising Oh are the sexbots
back yeah every once in a while we'll
get plagued with sex box we have sex box
yeah we got sex box from the chat
luckily we also have moderators who get
rid of the sex box
that's a much weaker premise than the
original Civil War yeah you know like
even the civil Wilson is like Civil War
had a really good start in the comics
that first the the the launch up to you
know what kicked off the Civil War was
awesome it was big blowing up a bunch of
school kids fuck yeah
that'll play on your goddamn emotions
it's great kind of fizzled some or
fizzled pretty fast but you know you
know what a comic book company is really
like big events big events that span
books and and can you know cross
continuity or cry or cross pollinate
another book so you have to pick up more
books where my option gathers I guess
doesn't want shoot mines that's nice
you're homing missiles
I call it option B this Gradius yeah
bullshit great touching what that was
big events are like bullshit behind
comics though well yeah cuz there's just
too fucking many big events now where
it's like for me reading me can I just
have a nice enjoyable status quo okay
well that's the thing like you know I'm
enjoying what's happening in the Miss
Marvel story and all of a sudden her
personal shit gets put aside so she can
take part in a larger civil war story
structure and I don't care and by the
end of the issue she's out of it and it
doesn't matter you know just let me let
me follow Kamala and let her stay out of
it I'm sure some people do stay out yeah
Aaron two six one eight we went through
this a couple weeks ago Marvel physical
comic sales are tanking they're digital
comic sales and they're right I so don't
care I'm just putting it out there
diversity SJW diversity I don't care
about any of that shit anymore I'm so
just I'm so totally tired of hearing
about it rich I'm correcting someone
who's so fucking tired of him correcting
someone who's stating incorrect their
did their digital sales are up and their
trade sales are up their collection
sales rep physical into physical sales
of individual books are down in brick
and mortars just because they're
probably you know because they are
settle down there's that was that was
that we weren't even getting into kind
of politics rich we were just talking
comic book sales he is gonna you can't
avoid me oh we could we yeah I could
have if you want has said anything I
just what I would have said my thing to
be gone you in the chat would have been
just I'm talking about politics you know
what that is that's the chat I don't
care about the chat man that's not true
Wolverine remake as a woman haha they
already did that that's x-23 boom they
did that like three years ago
done done decree crazy
they already did that Thor's a woman
Wolverines a woman Iron Man's a woman my
point is why do I care if these aren't
the characters that I was reading about
before and liked but there's no reason
for your game bridge okay there's no
reason for you kid the only reason for
you to care is that some of them are
good stories and you might like them
sure sure but if I were a fan of some
such a such character for less 30
freakin years another gone oh yeah be
annoyed sure midnight sure but they
don't care about you rich we got new
people buying their books now they don't
give a fuck about you Supergirl is a man
now absolutely Supergirl is a man Wonder
Woman is a dog it's crazy
new Thor and Iron Heart isn't oh I like
I do like miss my right yeah and I I
mean there's no world no matter what
they do to the character of Thor there
is no world I care about Thor at all
because I'm reading the the New Avengers
that that Kamala's a part of I kinda
know what's happening with Thor and the
Jane Foster thing and it's they're
trying for something but I still don't
care about four you want some crazy Thor
as Jane Foster spoilers sure great but
I'm about to get so you know the lady
for ya who's just Thor is actually Jane
Foster oh yes we've said this well we
know this but Jane Foster is cancer
stricken yes I notice and every time she
transforms into Thor it resets her
cancer back to mega mega cancer okay and
so then every time she transforms back
into Jane Foster she needs to restart
chemotherapy and so she's constantly in
a state of why would she ever be in Jane
Foster mode because it can't be Thor
well why can't me I don't know I'm sure
there's a rule about it I'm sure there's
a rule about it rich I just don't care
about Thor that but I guess what I'm
saying here is like if you compare that
to like an original for at least there's
something that's humanizing about that
okay good well you don't like original
Thor no I don't like a reason for all
right so for like for me and now like oh
that's something I might be able to get
on board with I'm still not gonna fuckin
read it but that's something that I
could theoretically get on board I hate
those
somebody
it just sounds wrong it's like I said
it's a way to humanize the character
it's a way to take this God and make
them somehow relatable I'm saying a for
effort I'm still not reading the book so
it doesn't matter
there's nothing here I need is there
what does keep on shooting after swamp
Oh
so Thor has cancer yes
what are we even talking about we
started talking about comic books and
how weird they are coming to like them
like you know it still like a frauds as
young bubbies I have a 3d printing
company want any props are just random
stuff made for future projects I'll work
in exchange for the hours of content you
already have given me rich is there any
specific prop that you're looking for
like heavy this re moment printed not at
this moment okay
you heard it here which is not looking
for anything specific
god damn it try to 3d print a rich a
rich Evans so then they can put rich
Evans on the nerd crew wall with all the
other nerd stuff it'll be meta it'll be
so meta anonymous is Jack and rich how
do I really know about I'm thinking
about it I'm thinking about it so if
anything to do with SJ w ant is JW
reverse anti super none SJ w QP no no it
doesn't doesn't have anything to do with
anything okay
so you say read it Jack and rich how do
I get a lady friend to touch ding dong
please help be a kind person that she
loves and would want to touch your ding
dong oh really good advice or depend
upon what she's into be Avia's someone
kind of you know rougher mean person
there's a bad boy
but talk about it does know what she's
into talk about it first talk about it
first
that that question is something that
should be posed to your lady friend not
too rich a knife which I guess is that's
the biggest things like just talk to
your lady friend they never really want
to touch your dog they just want you to
touch their Hoopoe I don't
a rich I think you're really wrong I
think it I think it goes both ways and
it's a given a tape I just want to say
ding-dong of goofy nice all I wanted
drank no I think that's fine that's fine
great
Charlotte some three says hey guys
missed the last dream and just wanted to
pop in and say hi
use two bucks he bound truckin huh thank
you
yeah we will we were trucking all all my
long and hunchback Jack says when did on
accident become a thing when I was
growing up in the 30s it was always on
purpose and by accident
what gives language changes also please
discuss the social implication of
changing language what do you mean what
the social implication of changing
language words and definitions change
over don't have a viewer that grew up in
the 30 stack this is this is a joke I
don't know I don't understand the whole
on purpose thing oh look at that a
little friend your little laser friend
rich it's great
what you mean is lit yeah right now
currently a definition of literary
literally in the Webster's dictionary
says not literally that's a real thing
Oh a paler no all right all right just
some just some head-on stuff and I guess
that's the thing is we need to we need
to be comfortable that the meaning of
words change over time which is that's
just how it works man there's no there's
no social implications that's how it's
always worked it's just happening to us
now
and we should be okay with that
the times they are a-changin
dish dish stir how can you guys be so
into comic books but hates manga it's
just it I never met into a comic book
store in the 10 years thing up well in
theater try not to lump us together rich
and I I have read many a manga though I
just usually call them comic books
because I find it disturbing to call
them mangas it always seems creepier but
I've read several I just talked about my
kick of going into reading lone wolf and
cub they had a the same author had
another series kind of a cousin series
called Lady Deathstrike
that was pretty awesome about a female
assassin I read one punch man I I I have
read manga
I'm just saying it feels weird
I do I read plenty of mangoes
I love all the mangos which is really
true negative delicious let's see here
Aaron - six - and Jack thanks for
enlightening me about the comic book
sales issue if I'm wrong I'm wrong sorry
rich wall I didn't want to make that
political it was just about soso writing
okay okay that's alright thanks for
clarification and I know that like I
said we talked about this a couple
streams ago that was like the big news
item one day about comic books out of
the social edition is failing haha
everything goes back to normal and then
the very next day was like no nevermind
we got it wrong and that's all a slight
buzzing said my friend watched rogue one
twelve times in theaters literally and
refuses to admit any of its shortcomings
here's some money to offset him somehow
because pyrite is all right by me you
people say I don't like anything but you
keep asking me about things you know I
don't like why do you do that they love
tearing you apart they want to see you
burn for no other reason than because
they have the power to some time playing
Phoenix right you want to ask me about
Phoenix right I asked me about XCOM is
there new x-men game coming out is there
some speculation on a new axe game
coming up thanks comm I sure like that's
all the breath of the wild this that was
a fun game I like that game that's a
great game did everyone watch that
little mini doc about her on Germany do
you have any questions about Star Trek
The Next Generation everyone keeps
asking me about shit i don't like today
Oh where's this is this opening oh I
think I didn't do try again I just
didn't start afresh no okay sure
that's what you see when you start from
the menu okay okay
candy fork roses hey guys your motto of
everything's fine has helped me when I
get angry you're truly the best
psychiatrists that's right everything is
fine all the time
babbles everything's fine mostly uh also
where's Jay I want to tell him how wrong
he is about his opinions about something
I tasted probably at home Hanuman I am
NOT Jays keeper I don't know where he is
my guess is he's watching a horror movie
because if I had to I had to place a
safe bet it'd be that Jays watching some
sort of almonds at this oh I hate this
one yeah get behind Evan saw his ass
who is this purple or pink damage dude
oh shit shit you gotta move stick and
move stick and move
I don't want to see how powerful the saw
was come on maybe maybe I could have
gone through me quick I tried to power
through it he didn't have the more
damage it was the first stage so I don't
really care that much pink damage is
when are you doing bonus damage yeah
yeah good could be good that was a fine
all right let's see what we got here a
man with needs says longtime fan first
time tipper
Jack have you have you ever shown
skyhigh to your kids no I recently
rewashed it and it's a great superhero
movie thank you and keep updates on
humour sky-high juice Kurt Russell is
like an over superhuman I haven't seen
it I've ever heard about I've yell like
sing
poster for it right right I also like
that one has come up a few times I'm
like maybe we should watch that because
I do I have heard good things about it
before sky high but no I haven't seen it
and my kids haven't seen it that they
might like it with a for a while they
really liked that we were watching all
the Spy Kids movies which is why I know
that the Spy Kids movies are garbage
because my kids really like them so we
watch all the spy kidneys and they were
they were into that for a while and so I
thought we could watch sky high but
never got around to
all right now this is rich I don't want
to ask you about anything you don't like
do you think that the TNG movies could
have been more tea and GE and been more
successful I'm not sure that TNG was
really built through epic cinematic
experiences TNG was built around a
diplomat talking people out of shooting
each other hmm
do you think like the question is is
there a world in which you can make a
TNG movie that is true to the episodes
and still has some sort of mass appeal
or should they have just never dipped
their toes in the in that water
I can't say with a hundred percent
certainty yeah because we never a.m.
the closest we got to a TT ing movie
that felt anything like the TV show was
insurrection right
well yeah it's like a schlocky TNG
two-parter but haha
everyone hated it yeah some I'm just
gonna say no they just never should have
dipped their toes in that water yeah
yeah yeah it's fine maybe there's some
filmmaker out there who could have made
an amazing TNG movie improved me wrong
my gut tells me they just weren't they
just weren't built for for the big
screen
yeah what do you think Jack if you can
okay so if you have a filmmaker who can
handle the next generation keep it just
like the tone of the show and make it
cinematic it needs to be an independent
feature and it won't have mass appeal
does the best of both worlds work as a
movie they never do that I never did
that as an episode in in series Jack I
just that they that ends up being a
movie
maybe it's got some action beats wait
best of both worlds is bored right yeah
that's the two part Borg won the Borg
won the Borg won right does that work I
don't as a movie and does that work if
you're not already a fan of the show you
need to care about who Picard is more
before you know it means something that
he got kidnapped and altered okay okay
I'm with you it I'm with it so the start
of the movie is all is all setting up
the universe right the first 20 minutes
the cards the greatest captain he he
he's a diplomat right I think you have
to build it even more strongly around
Riker no no Rick these are records there
he's there but he's like DeAnza
basically he's your protagonist well but
see so here's here's the fun part so we
need to build up the card as the
greatest yeah but also set up the
universe for people who don't know so I
and the crew well we'll get there so the
opening of the movies Picard is is
handling a dispute between two alien so
you know there's aliens you know there's
a captain of a ship and he's awesome and
a diplomat right then when he gets
kidnapped we care about him
Riker comes in and but like Rikers a
protagonist but he's kind of a fish out
of water and the action hero yeah cuz
he's the captain but not really the
captain not the captain we all know cuz
from the time from friend of a time from
the time Picard gets kidnapped yeah he's
not the Picard we know anymore you know
he's easily he's part of the Borg right
but that was a big twist I know it's a
big twist but I mean for most if you
made that a movie for most of that movie
you're the biggest character in T&G;
isn't really that character anymore
right right but if you have to set up
how important he is yes you just saw yes
you do this you do you or do you can you
can you count on people being familiar
with the show or do you have to make it
as can to make it you have to make it as
his own thing
yeah or else you end up with with the DC
Cinematic Universe could this could be
it
rich mm-hm you got your weird alien you
have a fairly simple story beloved
captain gets kidnapped not so
experienced captain has to take his
place and try to get him back you can
get good action sequences with the Borg
you get a great villain mm-hmm-hmm can
it be done in a movie maybe look ok
maybe you need you would need some real
talent to pull all that shit together
Chet's mentioning queue can you make a
queue central TNG movie that to a
general audience member isn't just
that's what that's what the fuck is this
queue thing right that's that's magic
and mayhem and it barely worked in this
season one like in episode 1 well she's
in one right it's like that like that
was our introduction to Star Trek and I
bet that turned a lot of people off like
what is this Anna rocky start quick quiz
nipple pick what was the Superman
villain named best of the most world
that's best of both worlds that's what
it started turning around
chicken sandwich I see that question
we're going to finish talking about Star
Trek before I into that
with with some talent with someone who
knows how to handle a big ensemble cast
with someone who knows how to handle
characters you could have you could have
a really awesome best of both worlds
needle I can be with you right now look
up I think that's a great call chicken
sandwich wants to know is there any
movie that I'm really excited to show my
kids but they're not quite old enough
yet the answer is of course there is a
literal fuck ton on the top I mean
obviously there's stuff like Robocop
and shit like that that I can't wait
once they're over just to watch all
these super weird and gross movies Evil
Dead Evil Dead it's gonna be great
on my list of movies that they are
almost ready for is Jurassic Park don't
think they're ready for Jurassic Park I
think the older one is but you know then
you go man that sucks for the older one
he's gonna be drowned back asshole even
young life with movie well because it
was younger fucking brother no I would
expect him not to hate his younger
brother ant but well no but now the
younger brother is getting old enough
where we can send him off to friends
houses like oh okay okay we're hitting
that good point where we can you know
separate them a little bit more but uh
you know Jurassic Park is a very intense
movie and so I'm just that's what I'm
worried about and the dinosaurs are so
good-looking
and so real-looking that I just don't
want him to freak out but top of the top
of my list is Jurassic Park right after
Jurassic Park is ghostbusters
and really the only reason I haven't
showed them Ghostbusters yet is I think
there's too many dick jokes those are
too many sex there's there's too many
sexual references ok where it's like you
know language is no longer problem
because they know how to cuss now but
you know like we're you know too many
sex jokes so Jurassic Park and
Ghostbusters are at the top of my list
it's gonna be it's gonna be quick
all right Simon how we end up so we
might caught up oh we were I can be done
at any moment you can be we have more
but you can be done I'll play what you
read oh okay let's see here anonymous
says wait nope so I got to go back
hunchback Jax has written Jack sorry
about the on accident comment I was
trying to be funny and it fell flat
here's a tip in penance good stream as
always which which one remember the back
in my day on accident man and we didn't
quite understand it Aaron two six one
eight says here rich here's two dollars
so I can ask about Star Trek the motion
picture okay explain to all of explain
to all of us why it's a good movie I
observed the mercy rule when it comes to
annoying people why is it a good movie
uh III don't mind slower pace with
science fiction um it's late Islam it's
very slow-moving it's it's about
investigation I don't I don't mind Anil
and a mysterious threat and it's not
about we're running around with with
lasers and the bad guys running around
with lasers and we got to shoot the bad
guy it's it's about exploring this weird
unusual mysterious thing and then they
learn more about it I enjoy that yeah
that's fair i I enjoy the kind of
rebirth themes and you know I I fully
understand if you don't like it I can I
can totally agree that yeah like this is
a whole lot of fucking beauty shots that
enterprise and I can understand that you
don't like that you the rest of the
movie I am so down with huh the way the
visuals of the motion picture are very
powerful and very beautiful in a
science-fiction setting their journey is
wonderful literally all you have to do
to get me on board is hit the
fast-forward button as soon as Kirk is
heading up to the end
Frye's because then that'll cut 20
minutes off of the fucking movie it you
know I guess a probably helps that as my
absolute favorite science fiction ship
of all time right that probably helps
right so you just want to just oh that's
thing I haven't read a single fuck look
at all think of the angle over there oh
yeah oh is that natural lighting oh I
love the way they like the ship man so
the light is coming from the shit up
yeah
I'm so fucking good ever everything else
about that movie I'm really on board
with it's weird it's slow it's
deliberate you know just those Beauty
shots I I took a nap why again you know
what I I heard about the paint job and
that movie they think they can never
quite get it the colors to pop in the in
the movie just in a way it was lit but
you know how they did the panel effect
that's like different colors of
pearlescent paint it's like transparent
greens and blues and reds and yellows
sure you've seen on the screen just the
way it's laid it looks like she's got
different shades of gray but it's
actually really colorful interest I've
seen like a recreated paint job cuz a
guy who painted it actually said no it's
actually all these different colors oh
that's really neat yeah it's a beautiful
ship jacket it's fucking beautiful show
I don't care about that you I don't I
don't care about the ship at all
not even a little bit I'm so sorry it
feels like a tos episode and those word
here's the action thing there's a
science fiction thing that's going on
know a lot of space vaginas it's great
great wombs Jack boom mother how to tell
you get in there rich yes
can focus too much on the vagina and the
sex it's about us all about the rebirth
with that film well the how do you think
you get to the birth part sure sure
science 101 people people want to talk
about they get hung up in fact it's a
vagina snicker snicker it's an easy joke
to me
oh yeah it's a vagina because this is
like the rebirth of Star Trek Star Trek
comes out of the womb at the end and
everything's like it used to be with
Kirk back in charge and bones joking no
give it give it a shot and now Star Trek
is back that's what they're saying with
that give it a shot but
once Kirk starts flying up to the
enterprise just have your thumb over
that fast-forward button but I can
totally understand my people wouldn't
like it and why it is not for everybody
yeah yeah anonymous says following the
TNG question recently re-watched The
Rocketeer your your opinions to me mike
is right such a lovely and charming yeah
I've always agreed with Mike on The
Rocketeer like I'm frozen Mike because
we we tend to enjoy a lot of the same
things the rock tier is one of them I'll
agree that it's a lovely and charming
movie uh I would I know you know this is
something we talked about a lot recently
where it's like I would love to see The
Rocketeer get a reading I think some of
these some of the action was a - you
know what this is going to take us right
back to the beginning of the stream a
lot of the action in the rock tears a
little dated
I'd like to see that done with a little
better action sequences but overall The
Rocketeer is a wonderful it doesn't hurt
that I really like Art Deco yep
oh my god Rock two rakahs here's a fine
movie uh fine fine movie catch us up I'm
above done right great I'm not done
mister says did you guys ever see the
Gazzara TNG edits on YouTube he makes
two-minute comedy shorts by reading
clips from the show the wacky humor is
great you guys would love it yes I've
posted links to those in the chat before
oh yes those are hilarious
those are hilarious mic chase gaming
says hey rich thoughts on the Bears
draft here's two dollars I heard they
gave up like a whole ton of pics to get
like an experienced quarterback oh yeah
yeah I don't know I don't I don't know
much about the football I'm really I'm
not I've never been a huge football fan
so I can't say how good or bad they did
haha gotcha
they've been trying to do a sequel
reboot ooh the right ear for a while now
the female rocks here not kidding yeah
I'd be fine I'd be found that I think I
you know Rocketeer is obviously it's
just it's very classic superhero journey
stuff you can make that work set it in
the 60s yeah cuz culturally you know
women's live that's going out at the
time and that would work I think I think
with 1930s rocket it needs to be your
standard
oh yeah white guy Mick hero like like
like you would see in that era oh sure
but like 60s even like that's early days
of like Commercial Airplanes like it's
Garrity of pan and that kind of stuff
that could work likes like I said 60s
right she finds she finds the rocket
pack has to go on a crazy adventure
that'd be great
I'd like I said I there's so there's so
many good things about the Rockets here
that are like really offset to me well
if Yuri watch it like that super awkward
scene in in the in the jazz club where
he like falls on the food cart and is
like stroll like rocketing around in the
fruit pie like this is dumb well it's
not it's not an action movie where he is
a superhero kicks a lot of
is easy he's a guy who finds a rocket
pack right and he gets involved with
this Nazi adventure spy adventure yeah
it's an adventure but I'd love it to
have just a pinch more action it's an
adventure movie not an actual agreed and
I agree but oh I want it I want it I
wanted to punch more people with the
rocket rocket punch rich rocket punch
alright and okay Oh so here's way here's
$2 a shack to give you a dollar of it to
buy a Mitch
chubowski Jersey lol go pack go also the
footage is great the verbage is great
and it's great the povich's is fantastic
not as good as the bumper
yeah
I hear they're gonna they're going to do
a witch sequel yeah it's it's good -
Dracula it's gonna it's going to be set
though in the far distant future slated
to director of the Wachowskis it's the
first directors I could think of with a
dummy who last night the matrix the
podcast now cuz it's just W then one
only eating it's upside-down face for
the app from the matrix the no than
underneath then a drone a tricks and
another exotic gonna be distributed by
performer brothers okay
rich Jack following the TNG movie
question here is a TV show that moved to
a successful movie or movie series
x-files maybe Oh is there a TV show that
moved to a successful movie or movie
series x-files the original series Star
Trek the original series probably
probably for most people and more
well-known for the movies you know what
helps it was less of an in samba cast
right CTOs is the the Kirk Spock and
bones show three characters you got to
worry about it's not a yeah you have you
have your supporting cast who are well
known characters but they don't do much
well here's here's the honest truth
though Sulu check off and horror were
nothing more than just back dressing
they were set dressing yep okay I'm with
you
ooh Gino suave wins with the Naked Gun
series turning police squad into a movie
series worked perfectly well at least
for two of the movies but then again it
wasn't really a successful TV series
they did they didn't much anything about
being successful right
I know tomato series turned into movies
I'll give to make again I see someone
mentioned Firefly but they only did the
one movie and really it was it wasn't a
hyper successful movie I don't know if I
actually don't know it was a good movie
but it it didn't unlike the Star Trek
movies it couldn't stand up on its own
you need get earrings you know it's
closure for the series
but ooh this time it's lupus double wins
with mission impossible lashes possible
movies okay
okay fine that's a fine Addams Family
the OOD Adams Oh The Addams Family those
that's not yeah that's a good one but
you know what I would say both like
Mission Impossible fire hits the nail on
the head more whereas Adams family was
also probably poking a little fun at the
show the Anna's family yeah no it was it
wasn't poking fun at the show it was
tongue-in-cheek
the show was tongue-in-cheek
AJ pimps all says hey guys genuinely
curious if mike has ever been approached
to do Palpatine voiceovers and it was
just a joke in the last vid but he does
make a good point
it would have liked to have been yeah he
would have liked to have been yeah but
also he hasn't done anything to make
that happen
you know these ships that you should
have done should have started like a
like a like a send Mike to Hollywood
campaign Mike does a pretty good
Palpatine impression well at the time
him being a notorious prequel critic I
don't know how likely it would have been
in any in any case correct it could have
now I'm saying it could have made for a
fun series of videos Mike tries to get
that sorry Glenn Mike tries to enter the
Star Wars universe is that before or
after Lucas and sold rebels
yep
I don't know in Palpatine Clark order I
literally couldn't do anything we're all
caught up you don't need to play Aaron
would mind asking I know okay I ain't
gonna agree with that
skin light rich no I don't you know it's
not the best game ever but I am enjoying
it hey I don't like it
he's got too many things wrong yeah let
me let me read map those buttons man
sure
sure let me remind you that right any
game right on snap right off the goddamn
bat boom boom boom boom boom
um all right great let's uh let's swap
over to the twat sure and take a little
moment to thank all the people who have
subscribed to us during this stream oh
you have you guys only been seeing like
half my face yeah well you don't need to
see all of it you've been able to see my
milky milky knees look at them you're
them milky knees I'm a pale person rich
okay I don't need eggs I need to
remember to make that twitch highlight
that's what I need to remember a jiggy
puffs um clay dough one urban crisis VAR
yar 77 for 15 months in a row and VAR er
says yay me I'm officially a toddler or
something now keep up the good times
prereq by the way if you're watching
this in YouTube and it's your first
video of ours you have watch you're very
confused right now as well as to why
we're just saying names yes at the end
of the stream we read off the names of
the people who have subscribed to us
during the stream yeah if you're not
interested in hearing any of this you
can turn the video off right now you
might miss a little bit sometimes people
have messages that will come in but
sometimes we get into storytelling
sometimes it'll be funny but mostly it's
just us the wrap up this is the wrap up
yeah this is usually that point in our
YouTube analytics where there's a sharp
drop off in viewers
that's where we at I just did VAR er
okay um a cosmic 422 fucking months in a
row says smiley face emoji some blue guy
in chat says half a year with you hack
frauds I wouldn't have it any other way
I lost my name is looking at atmosphere
I last 1985 23 fucking months in a row
harm and Z for 16 months in a row turbo
Dangerfield says hey rich and Jack I'm
new to this whole twitch thing welcome
I've been an RL em fan for a few years
but just recently started watching
prereq I'm not much of a gamer but I
love listening to you guys banter thank
you for all the great entertainment well
you are welcome thanks for watching
that's what that's what we try we just
try to talk about stupid shit basically
a podcast yeah that's what it is it's
like a for our podcast twice a week miss
toots says four months still a long way
to go until I get a fucking good wait
well the only who likes really long
podcast what are they what do we have to
wrap it up yeah go on
are you stopping for
yeah more I say just fucking say it
structure you're not enough
you know the fucking primetime show you
know don't worry about a commercial
break they have to cut to structure the
well and the other idea is you know a
pod can our podcast is very is very easy
like and if you if you don't edit
anything right yeah but let's say you
just go on for as long as you want then
you start to ramble it doesn't you know
if you're entertaining I don't give a
fuck but what if you're not entertaining
then maybe you have to start editing the
audio and that's more work and post that
means the episode goes up later okay
okay it's all it's all about ease okay
he's work and we're we up I did this
it's my fault you did this I just did
miss toots okay Theodore J hooker for 32
fucking monster
a Giga Giga site media vice versa man
says I forgot to share this earlier end
message okay Lucas Ducas for 19 months
in a row Rob foo smooth move the dude
nineteen forty four twenty eight fucking
months in a row old handsaw says is
anyone else getting weird anniversary
dates I've been subscribed since last
August but it's telling me four month
anniversary and old Dan saw I'm seeing
nine months yeah you so if it's telling
you for months I'm seeing nine months
and I think it's a problem with your
font let's go look at this yeah four
nines look look hey Ches eighty seven
twenty nine fucking months in a row says
yes get the switch Jack has bad opinions
oh damn down I have given a lot of
thoughts to whether or not I would
recommend a switch rich and I actually
shot a whole switch episode turned out
to be not very interesting mostly
because like most of our we have so many
episodes that never got aired because
they just weren't interesting this is
like three down one
well no most is a month this one mostly
rich just didn't care and so is me
talking
haha and it was just ran like me gonna
average hey you got anything he's I
don't fucking care about the switch
exactly exactly so just turned out to be
not a good episode but I've been really
thinking about whether or not I
recommend it I can't it's just not it's
not it's not there once they get some
more games maybe they don't got em right
now again is because it's fucking giant
it's not especially portable for that
reason this is not going to have a great
battery life you have a cell phone that
has games on it that are great for time
wasting when you are somewhere and you
need a game to waste time already if
you're going to play it in console mode
you need to buy an extra controller
because the
controller that comes with it is garbage
if you're going to take it on the go you
need to buy an extra case to take it on
the go because it's not something you
can just shove in your pocket or
backpack and apparently if you want to
play it multiplayer you need to buy
separate other accessories so everyone
could hold the little tiny fucking
things it's it's so wasteful on the road
or in a doctor's office exactly when I
don't want to get into a be absorbed to
a giant console game like breath of the
wild yeah I don't know no it'll be a
great place it'll be the only place to
get your new Nintendo games yeah so if
it's got good Nintendo games that's
gonna be a reason to get it sure but
right now but the portability I just
don't get Wow and it's it's it's good
it's good it just doesn't have the games
right now done em okay alright that was
a no is it why is it does switch opinion
case 87 okay check fox says lol Chuck my
Fox say Laurie 7 Paul Kersey architect
says been an RL M fan for years but only
been watching your streams until
recently what have I been doing with my
life what are you doing with your life
now hopefully going over those
blueprints cuz you know structural
integrity is really important Paul
Kersey isn't that Charles Bronson's
Deathwish character was he an architect
you know I don't know what he did before
he was a vigilante right interesting
okay oh right a huge as says the smart
money's on a Harlow and the moon is in
the street okay well hold on I think
this is a monologue the smart money's on
Harlow and the moon is in the street and
the shadow boys are breaking all the
laws and your East
your East st. Louis and the wind is
making speeches and the rain sounds like
a round of applause
who wrote this and
who cares I don't know I don't know what
you do for beat poetry I think I've
never been to a beat poetry Jam I like I
can't do that you can't snap no you can
stamp your feet no I can't I never could
huh I never could this is skill I lack I
can do I get vacant but I can't I can't
snap my fingers I can't
that's so fucking weird rich I can't
like I can barely snap with these ones I
nothing I use my middle fingers
that's so weird rich you've never
learned how to snap your fingers or are
just some weird like like rolling your
tongue I don't have the genes for it
it's just something isn't right that's
crazy
cuz it's just it all it is is no
Richards this you're just slapping it
against the flesh I guess wish you got a
switch then addendums wish the Nintendo
saying this is the kind of nugget you
get if you do listen to everybody right
they're gonna say anyone who dropped out
is gonna miss that weird little tidbit
rich doesn't know how to snap that's so
weird
know you I can't teach him this yeah you
got a kid no how many I just maybe she's
not gonna happen ever Joe how do you
know what how do you teach someone how
to snap their fingers oh all right sorry
where were we that was that was that uh
captain jerk
captain jerk says two pathetic months in
a row
Brad ass termites Denzel Washington
silly poot did T silly putty D yeah all
right I get it
Vaughn and taro Euler's number do
rampage says wait a minute
flamethrowers don't work in space also
thanks for all the crap you guys put on
you're welcome
I can't believe you like this shit Jesus
is awful there was there was a there was
a lot of flamethrowers in that game rich
III listen to part of our stream like
the other day and I did not pronounce
one word right Jack I'm not a single
fucking word I know right
I like I lost count of all the misspeaks
you had tonight ah like I lost count
ah Val 5001 how the fuck can you listen
to somebody who can't talk it makes him
feel better people doing oh okay young
Bobby's polo juice says when are we
getting your on-demand service that's
right the red letter media streaming
archives we're only here to get our
stuff under a $30 a month gets you
access to all the hot red letter media
action oh my god $30 a month X Mensa for
thirty four fucking months in a row
mentok Whois says oh hi mark oh hi rich
oh hi jack oh hi chat that's shockingly
good considering you've never seen the
room I know oh hi Mark and I know that
like exists okay okay and till there's
an M tilter M yeah
M tell him says hi w Ren Jib Fresno Bob
says love the rogue one commentary and
love the stream Meissner one for 28
fucking months in a row says listen to
the rogue one commentary today
good stuff as always and the dead horse
in the thumbnail was a nice touch
I left over to Mike I said you know the
thumbnail has to be a dead horse right
yeah yeah oh yeah it's gonna you make it
a dead whore yeah yeah yeah I got that
arse I know space Comeau for 32 fucking
months a neurosis thank you and good
night
brad is a geek welcome Brad as a geek
says more money for the frauds I know
that's where their name shows up twice
it says here's the weird thing about
brightest geek he says Brad as a geek
could just subscribed with twitch prime
so welcome and then the very next name
is Brad as a geek has recent four zero
months in a row so yeah very strange Dom
DeLuise
ha ha Timothy Yeager says love you guys
and everything you do especially
recently with the nerd crew podcast pick
up the great keep up the great work and
meme on oh yeah here's a Lily's another
dong DeLuise yeah we showed up twice
yeah how strange
I'm gonna have the twitch and triangle
maybe also trying to sub normally I
don't know huh neither double dipping
maybe the subbing through twitch and
then something can you do that
some through I mean sub through Amazon
Prime and then sub through twitch I
don't think you can do that ok cuz the
counts are linked now um beefcake is
saying that's on twitch not me this is
not a beefcake situation alright
and so ledian I am wolf thing just funny
I was just playing Twilight Princess and
you world that was big thing magical
Flying Tiger for 12 months it arouses
one you're in I don't always get to
watch you guys but I enjoy the stream
every time I do I'm looking forward to
the next year with you two and the rest
of our LM thank you no way
mn says rich you might be interested in
heroes 3 a turn-based strategy from 99
it has tactical turn-based combat with
strategic exploration on the overworld
and kingdom management in a fantasy
setting this game is huge in several
ways
good good these urban crisis Oz Mike for
twenty eight fucking months in a row
oz Mike says hey guys twitch keeps
trying to dump my sub into you guys
which knows what's best they're trying
to help you was my fuck them hating you
getting money so here's twenty eight
more months of seven Cheers
thank you guys Mike morning bus uh Lando
was taken for thirty-one fucking months
in a row a midnight Andy nineteen months
in a row and Lindsay
yo yo yo says investigate 311 did you
ever listen to that band 311 311 mmm
they they were kind of a funk metal band
they had it was like a hardcore metal
band but their their head like a bank
above look at Ditka bunk bass lines 311
on the inside I think was one of theirs
you know that on the inside no I don't
you know you're not gonna say anything
interesting enough for me to end the
episode suddenly oh just give me you
give me nothing
