Splitting Hairs (Bayonetta part 1)
April 12, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bp7J8-_b3qg

since for three minutes can we yeah are
we capable we we are fully capable of
chatting about nonsense let's just wait
till we get a little heads up hey maybe
what wait till we get a hey the stream
is now live yes
sounds like a hay to me that sounds like
a hey hey everybody what I wanted to do
rich was wondering if we had anything to
talk about while we while we wait around
her waiting what we could turn the
stream out of waiting and just chat
right yeah yeah high tech heads high
dandy junk
so when was it was it last stream or was
the stream before that where we were
talking about Marvel's diversity
initiative couple of times we talked
about it all the time and well
specifically we were talking about
Ironman yeah because Ironman is being
replaced by a young black girl who is
going to take up the Ironman throne and
I obviously began to it became curious
does Tony Stark still exists in the
Marvel Universe yeah and I googled it I
tried figuring that out that didn't work
so what I had to do rich uh I was forced
to walk into my local comic store well
you look so disgusted have a bookstore
it's just a joke okay
it was just I know it's it's my comic
store I go there often to buy comics
it's a great great store so anyway I go
in there I brought a cameras could have
been like a video segment we can we can
add in pre-recorded bits version bricks
value where were you for this meeting
rich we could have you're the you're the
you're the wild maverick who decided to
go to the comic book store at his own
the maverick maverick like I'm talking
I'm talking to the person behind the
counter and I was like hey can I can I
ask you a dumb question about Ironman
I'm not going to buy anything from you
and then they kind of laughed and said
sure I said okay so can you show me all
of the current comic books that's Star
Ironman all the current Iron Man comic
books and you know they're like oh well
you know the
they're still they just wrapped up civil
war so there's all the civil or civil
war - yeah yeah there's those there ZZZ
and he's like but the two main ones
there are so there are two Iron Man
comic books at the moment yeah one is
invincible Iron Man which has been the
long-running Iron Man yes which is the
young black girl yes and the reason that
that Iron Man is young black girl
spoilers alert for Civil War - if you
are currently reading that spoiler alert
but I think it's been over for a while
now tony is either dead or in a coma and
is currently manifesting his
intelligence as an artificial
intelligence inside the Iron Man armor
that's where Tony Stark is ok so that's
why the young black girl had to take
over but then there's also infamous Iron
Man yeah in which and this is crazier
than a young black girl taking over Iron
Man are you ready for this yeah Doctor
Doom is Iron Man hasn't he always been
right I think I think I think totally
ripping off the superior spider-man
I believe that's what they're doing that
yes jesus fucking christ
I think Sphere Spiderman was pretty
popular sure but but it wasn't severe
because there was a superior Iron Man
already he moved to like LA to be Iron
Man in LA and was Iron Man over there
with a different suit so there so so
Tony Stark is still in the comics but he
is the voice of the AI inside of the
suit because he's currently in a coma or
dead kind of creepy yeah
that's creepy I'm gonna say that's
full-on creepy full-on creepy yeah well
you know I'm sure and what I'm Siri now
yes that's a fucking nightmare
that's one that's what he is at the
moment bond but so these so technically
speaking
there is currently no Toni's there no
physical Tony Stark as Iron Man comic
book that was our big discussion as is
there a comic book with Tony Stark so
currently there is not and I thought it
was interesting but of course he's still
around and so of course he's gonna come
back because that's how comic books work
yeah yeah but and I just thought it was
interesting and it had a nice chat about
about Iron Man with the person that
worked at the comic book store and
they're like well Tony because you know
I was like I was like is Tony Stark
still around and like well he is but
he's dead well he's kind of in a coma
okay let me get let me get you there and
like them trying to expand and I was
like oh if so so it's just the the
little girl who's who's Iron Man and
like well no because they just starting
this other book now we're Doctor Doom is
Iron Man and I was like I said what like
yeah cuz actually Doctor Doom and Tony
Stark teamed up a little bit ago and I
was like what's Doctor Doom was working
with Iron Man in the comics okay
it's a comics are crazy man aren't they
usually comics are crazy so if if you're
a Tony Stark fan yeah you're not really
getting your fix anywhere oh oh unless
you count him being you just dude right
basically if you are if you're a Tony
Stark as Iron Man fan you currently are
unhappy I got reading the comic books
that was my only point oh sure no that's
a fair point and that's a fair point and
now and now we know because we didn't
know before whether or not there was so
now we know oh the Game Capture is
untape oh the eyeball good is unkicked
is it on yeah you're much closer to the
monitor than I am now it is now it is
good
I got me
so are we gonna have issues okay let's
see if it's cut same thing no it's not
okay let's try any fullscreen window or
any full screen application sure I
should say are you gonna be one of those
it's gonna be one of those yeah you do
it you do it you don't you seem to know
what the fuck you're doing something
sometimes insist you know times I know
what I'm doing rich expect this you
first try expected to work your your
insistence your insistence on grabbing
the controls I will you just the my
insistence comes from you just saying
that I am closer to the screen and so
can see things well that little matter
yes yes so that was part of my
insistence is I was like you know what I
am closer rich has all rich has really
bad old man eyes oh yeah no it's
capturing so why aren't you showing up
here is it too low is it is it buried
under something something oh yeah where
is it hold on maybe that's the problem
transform fit to screen and then there's
rent
shrink it so does that a game up and see
pops in there there we go by the way
totally fixed it my first try
yeah even though I was you know done
with a suggestion by me I would have I
would have figured it out what it
totally figured it out there controls
everything alright
you can you can go right ahead okay here
move this down here
there we go I'm trying to have no idea
what I'm doing
great wait you've never played ban you
know I've never played Ben I have also
never played Bayonetta I know this is a
this is a wildly popular game I've just
never got around to it so I'm gonna be
hittin bead now constantly haha so yeah
neither of us win Iron Man can look like
anybody because he lives in my heart my
Iron Man is a little sexy black girl I
get it alright so I got something out of
Korra Maya the chances somebody say
something about our article heavily
hinting that Vanquish was getting a PC
release here we have vanquish the locus
of platinum games yeah who made
Bayonetta yes has come out to say that
they they would love to make all of
their game or they said specifically if
it was up to them all of their games
would be available on PC ok well some
that probably just can't for rights
issues and everything so and so probably
that is what is happening with vanquish
but you know this what other has what
other platinum games has recently come
to Pere autumn here near automata
nobody has one just recently been ported
to PC this okay I mean another one
right now you are you you're doing this
yeah you're playing right now you're
just fighting I'm I have no idea what
I'm doing it's I'm just kind of mashing
buttons perfect like Bayonetta to do to
Nintendo publishing it right yeah they
will probably never see bad to write PC
right right so walk on I think it's like
not since you should be automatic ports
and ports still do take time you would
think they do vanquish before this if
they could this was a surprise no no
this is the more popular game now this
is more popular than vanquish yeah that
doesn't that doesn't shock me at all
yeah this came out of nowhere
apparently there was like an April
Fool's hint yeah they mentioned
something about Bayonetta coming to PC
but everyone thought it was an April
Fool's thing it was a running April
Fool's joke this year the fake April
Fool's joke that turned out to be really
yeah yeah yeah
Oh a sure beefcake when you have a
moment rich if you could pause it
what's wrong
Oh God Jesus Christ Oh God
okay and go they go I turned the audio
up a smidge as requested it was
requested that I turned the audio up a
smidge and so I did tell us if that
smidge worked
I went from negative 35 decibels to
negative 29 decimals decibels
so first the wheel of the worst then
that could be okay so first of all I
obviously was not there I was not there
for the filming of that episode
obviously because you didn't see me
there not even a dollop can't hear game
volume H+ in okay so now we are going
from negative 29.7 to negative 22 I
think anyone here add a little bit one
that negative 19 you should now hear
slightly more than a dollar
to continual struggle anything I like
confident combos and whatnot presumably
there are some sort of combos perfect
much better it's fine good it's somewhat
out of old turn it all the way up
perfect this is much better thank you
perfect great thank you perfect I'm glad
we are now at perfect volumes all right
got a little got a little friend in the
fight okay so I wasn't there for the
wheel episode but you know you do a
clowning video all about clowns and Mike
breaks the wheel yes I should have been
there you know what I don't even think I
was told about the filming of that
episode I told you you told me the day
before Jay told me to tell you oh this is
where we're all rich we're doing a wheel
up subs when I heard about it I didn't
hear about until few days before either
as a clabsi jack tom bond
okay okay it was a couple days before so
I I had something else planned so I
couldn't make it but you work you
weren't cut out is what I'm saying cuz
oh oh I was given the word to tell you
when I saw you you're right
the point is Mike broke the wheel and he
used his excuse as I did it three years
ago and so he just threw me right under
the fucking bus
it's like Jack did it it must be okay
not okay obviously when I did it I broke
like the flapper mechanism but nothing
else Mike broke the entire wheel like I
don't think the pictures do it justice
the entire base the backboard the wheel
itself all split freaky than that what
happened from one goddamn fall the Mac
mind's eye entire fucking back top to
bottom and the wheel itself it's cracked
in half yeah like I'm sure people think
that you know had to have been rigged
uh-huh no no it's just how but like
perfectly down the middle yeah it's
fucked up it's fucked up man
you know ya know and I double-check
the the date of that of that fur it was
like it was the SOS video that I knocked
it over and that was that was June of
2014 so almost three years ago rich is
is hard at work on fixing it he sure it
could be the last wheel episode ever
oh also it's the last wheel wheel ups
whatever did you know and rich is gonna
fix it not because we're not using it AJ
hey sure and maybe I'm not gonna fix it
at all I don't know I don't know jack if
I can ruin that ruin that what do you
mean I ruined that that's what you guys
said in the fucking episode settle down
settle down
Jack you monster I know I am I'm a
horrible monster alright let's see here
I need answers about octo pop one of the
greatest names in Wheel history by the
way octo puffin kumquat we don't have
much insight into bad animation because
no one at rlm has an animation
background right so we got nothing
technical to add to that and like even
if you have an animation background what
can you say like was it was a
five-minute cartoon yeah but the actor
smokin octopus comes to town makes town
smoke the kids don't like the smoke okay
then the dress is ghost and they scared
the octopus straight and then he takes
away all the smoke and there's five
minutes and there was much talk about
there you go sure there you go that's I
mean it seems like a lot of great
insight that you left out of the episode
as I guess what I'm saying look at this
Humpty Dumpty lookin motherfucker you
know I forget how did I call the smoking
huntress it's called octo puff what the
hell else could that be it's not gonna
you know like a medical device called an
active puff
now you pair that up with a kumquat
that's the that was the tricky part the
sons silly like is for kids if it was
just called octo puffs
maybe that's medical device if it's
gonna be for kids on to pump is gonna be
a cartoon octopus right but there was no
way of knowing that was for kids it was
like it nothing on it if it was for kids
it should have the a cartoon cover on it
you know because it wasn't sold to kids
it was something you put on in a
classroom the teacher sees lie yes this
is the the American Lung Association
video number six to twenty five I don't
often come quad yeah
this is what we watched today I grabbed
that it's for its for its labeled for an
adult in a classroom setting what the
hell is a kumquat it's a fruit or or a
doctor's office or somewhere sure sure
initiate educational video three eight
seven seven seven right a kumquat is a
fruit you've never heard of a kumquat
before this fairly obscure I've heard of
it I'm not I'm not a I couldn't say I
couldn't point one out in a lineup I
don't know what the fuck they look like
you know what I suppose I don't either I
just know the name because it's a funny
name yeah it's a fruit is one of them
fruits but in the video the town was
called kumquat right yeah I thought that
was the connection octo puffin kumquat I
think he could taste the kumquats better
when he stopped smoking oh sure sure
that makes sense
don't compare them to apples and oranges
that's true it's a fun it's a funny name
like quinoa like Albuquerque it's just
one of those names that you hear all the
time but uh what uh what what might make
more sense of we were watching it I
guess the streams are not the time for
getting invested in storylines right
just not good places for that bad hello
robot bro no neither richer i watch or
have seen mr. robot what is it again I
think it's it's a T it's a television
show about a hacker okay and mr. mister
I believe mr. robot is the main
character he's like a hacker and he does
hacky hackery things and that's called
mr. robot because he hacks robot not
because he is wrong no there's no robots
like he's like he's a hacker like a
computer hacker okay like I think it
takes place in a realistic ish world and
I think he's called mr. robot because he
is good at hacking I that's how much I
know about mr. robot by the way just
like a nun swinging around an angel
that's great graveyard that's great the
game Darkwing schmuck says the game does
not care if you get invested in its
story the story is ridiculous
on purpose yeah I got that that
impression yeah this looks great those
angels look awesome
yeah next time
alright that tombstone bit was gold yeah
keep it ain't my good buddy himself how
about you let's see here anonymous says
uh rich first it was your diabetes
medicine now the wheel what's next a
fiery explosion in a science lab a la
slaughter hi sure yeah no Patrol says
for everything you guys do what are next
what are next thank you for the tip no
patrol are you just enjoying the
ridiculous yeah
what Oh scandalous
I've been a suit of 51 game
why is he involved I'm not kidding
was Sudha with platinum at the time they
made this this totally feels like suda51
ah baby
this is just over the top
vagina vagina thrusting right at the
camera that's great
I suppose in a suit a game it would be a
man thrusting his crotch at the camera
so maybe maybe they just took
inspiration no there's been teenage
a little pole dance routine excellent
this Jack I thought you hated cutscenes
why are you watching better why are you
complaining you know why cutscenes are
rarely this good can you can you do this
without cutscenes Kenya huh can you do
something like this without cutscenes
Jack can you this particularly no and
you know what this is ridiculous
so it's great this is a cutscene done
right
are they making this a movie can you
sure you can we know I'm saying can we
make that happen let's make that happen
every 100 night gets play nuggets play
okay okay
quick punch there is a Bayonetta anime
they're saying okay okay great
Oh back for next okay okay okay Paula
why is says greetings from London UK
question have rich or Jack ever been to
the UK if not I'd love to hear your
perceptions your preconceptions / bad
impressions of the various regional
accents I have never been to the UK I
have been to Germany which apparently is
not in the UK ah delay those are handy
kick him up near kick up the air moves
little kick him up in the air I've been
to Germany and I've been to Italy I had
a rather long layover in London when I
was going to Africa but we did not get a
chance to hang out like go outside of
the airport but your Airport looked
lovely and it was really really weird
flying over the city because so many
like old buildings right next to very
modern large buildings
I'm gonna get that time in got again no
one's legs are long enough to play her
role properly get Charlize their own
that's a tall lady
get still man
give her some CGI legs I'm sure you can
find someone who's hella tall to play
Bayonetta nope lip ooh
uma uma thurman yeah who was good at
campy Charlize is disgustingly old she
is in her late thirties forties cannot
get out of town yes dicey cause we know
that we know that her clothes are her
hair
oh that's a question I keep saying is
did you guys just have that giant gummy
one lying around somebody sent us one
like a week or two ago before we filled
that bitch said what a weird things that
we could send for no particular reason
how strange we got we got use out of it
yeah apparently apparently apparently
captain blue 42 says Vinny host a Vsauce
who interviewed you a while back said
yesterday that he'd loved to be a guest
on your stream and would fly to
Milwaukee in a heartbeat to be a guest
on best of the worst thoughts that's
that's not our call
who's a guest best of the worst Hagan he
can Skype in I don't have no issues with
having him as a guest for the stream oh
yeah far as for coming here that's
that's a whole other production and that
is not our call other people are
involved with that call yeah and and he
knows how to get a hold of us so that
should be up to Vinny if he wants to get
a hold of us all right you know what the
stream is probably not the best time to
learn all of the combos so you know
learn I'll learn all you want rich LuAnn
do you do you man you do you okay I'll
get a few of them down get some basics
yeah yeah you've had one of those those
those giant gummy worms don't look like
they're very tasty but it was a fine
joke on a strange coincidence also like
just speaking of strange coincidences
like the day that our our stream on
Sunday I had made fun of you for not
being a good improviser yeah for not yes
anding like
the next day the wheel comes out and
mike is also yelling at you for being a
bad improviser weird coincidences right
weird things are weird how about that
new Thor movie all fuck yes
did you see the trailer no no oh shit
dog
we might have to take a break so you can
watch the trailer it looks awesome super
hype i'm so hyped them uh this weekend
i'm went I'm renting hunt for the will
do people alright looks like there's so
many combos I'll just we'll just fucking
see what happens
sure I'm gonna start yeah just tired it
looks really good yeah the trailer looks
really good definitely has more of a
visual aesthetic to guardians which is
nice it looks like Thor's gonna have
some fun
Kate wins who's the lady in it kate
beckinsale who you might know from the
underworld movies okay
plays hella cate blanchett thank you
yeah I think I said that okay Cate
Blanchett plays hella who's messing the
world up Chris Hemsworth looks like he's
having fun
oh man I'm so so hyped kate mckinnon is
playing hella not Blanchette wait yes
Cate Blanchett who's from the underworld
movies
Kate Blanchet who did I say I'm Jane
Foster wait so who's in the underworld
movies and who's in the Thor movies
help help help me out here because Jack
doesn't know anything
underworld is Kate Beckinsale this is
Kate Blanchet they they look really
similar to each other how about that how
about that they look exactly similar to
each other
Jeff Goldblum is in it did you even know
that Jeff Goldblum is in Thor Ragnarok
I'm beat up some angels it's Kate
Blanchet the oscar-winning actors not
Kate Beckinsale from the underworld
films put up an image of them
side-by-side they look exactly the
fucking the same they look exactly the
fucking the same Kate Blanchet is
playing Halloween oh they look so
similar do you get little rings like in
Sonic okay okay I think their halos Jack
oh you steal their halos nice and open
nope oh they look exactly the fucking
the same oh that's cool
I'm looking it up right now you you guys
settle down you guys settle down because
they they're two white women with with
straight black hair they look exactly
the same
Kate Google here Google okay
I can sail
underworld looking that up and in a
second tab here it's really that's
really far away picture
the second tab will go Kate Blanchet
hella we're gonna get Rich's opinion on
this oh that's a nice close-up picture
right now they look kind of similar they
look kind of similar guys I'm just gonna
put that out there
look at this okay yeah
there's one of them huh there's the
other one yeah they look kind of similar
right yeah yeah and and and they're both
named Kate and they get mad at me cuz
I'm mixing them up I'm shooting the
things Jack I'm having fun it's tuned
it's two ladies named Kate who Oh black
heron
what was that there's a floating angel
head they have similar names and similar
looks in these movies so I I will not
apologize for confusing the two all
white women look the same that's a fact
Tiberius Kirk says you're wrong Kate
Blanchet is blond except for in the Thor
Ragnarok trailer in which she has dark
hair like Kate Blanchet get your facts
together look at look at I Google I
googled I giggled I gaggle gaggle Kate
Blanchet hella and Kate Beckinsale
underworld look at them in those two
movies they look exactly the fucking
same Thank You Dante doomsday yes I am
I'm comparing her role as hella versus
Kate Beckinsale in doomsday in not
doomsday in underworld
why isn't natalie portman in the movie
because she's a good at she's she's too
high and mighty for for all these
superhero movies now she's going the
route of Gwyneth Paltrow
which unfortunately means that she'll
just be gone and it'll be a a quick
one-line explanation like we got in like
we got in Civil War
hey where's pepper at Pepper's gone now
she's no longer part of my life really
yeah all this this this is potential to
be incredibly fun Jack hmm oh great then
I'm happy
listen look Google Image Search Kate
Blanchet hella you cannot compare them
when they are one is blonde I'm sure
their faces are different what I'm
saying is they're both actresses named
Katie Katie B with black straight hair I
got confused
and you can't be mad at me for getting
confused
but so yeah Natalie Portman
look at her strut strut when she when
she shoots yeah lookit she does a little
catwalk sometimes you got to take your
losses jack no no this is a this is a
I'm going to count this as a completely
understandable misunderstanding on my
point and you guys are acting like I'm
I'm saying the worst thing lately oh you
get a little butterfly wings okay you
get little butterfly wings this is the
first time I ever played this game I was
aware of it I had never played it though
right
haven't you figured it out yet
there's no quarter for you in this world
oh you get pretty butterfly wings as
you're murdering demon angels or the
main jewels so facial structures being
somewhat different means nothing to you
they look very similar I'm sorry I
watched the trailer a couple times I saw
a lady with dark black hair that kind of
looks like Kate Beckinsale and I thought
to myself it's Kate Beckinsale then I
thought I saw the word Kate later on the
internet and I was like that's
definitely came back it's a kdb KTB
oh wow the moral of the story rich is
that the thor ragnarok trailer if we
take a break this evening which we
should you you will have to watch the
thor ragnarok trailer because it's it's
an amazing trailer it's great I've only
seen what lies in the shadows the
director also did some episodes of the
of flight of the conchords for HP I
don't know if you've ever seen em but I
like his work I think I think what lies
in the shadows is very funny and now I
really want to see hunt for the wildered
really good things about but I have not
seen yet what we do what we do in the
shadows for fuck's sake no oh yeah I'm
sure jack is gonna say many many things
wrong Stevie Ray you're incorrect and
I'm pretty sure you're saying that to be
joking I did not hear we have what Jack
said because I was a little bit in crow
so it was trying to be rude right oh no
and I understand that look this isn't
this isn't dynasty Warriors where I
could just hit the button uh-huh uh-huh
uh-huh
I can't I can't I can't get anything
right today today's the day I can't get
anything right you know some some days
are better than others
today's just not one of today's just not
one of them days region that's what
that's going to be totally fine uh did
you ever play the Devil May Cry games
right really for no particularly good
reason just yeah me too I never ever
play wasn't against them thoughts on
Leon you you thought you've seen the
professional right rich uh no you've
never seen the professional no oh you
should see the professional it's really
good movie aliens good movie it's a fine
movie good really good performances uh
you know just that simple it's very very
good movie I know for me I always
assumed that that movie was kind of
that's what usually people point out to
as the lone wolf and cub even though now
that I've read the lone wolf and cub
comics it's nothing like that but it's a
really interesting premise of a little
girl who befriends a hit man well I've
heard of I've heard of the professional
just anything yeah it's a good movie
good movie every everyone has seen Leone
except for Ajay here in America we call
it the professional I believe overseas
it was just called Leone
or maybe Leone the professional we know
it as the professional so
remember is the you a witch but now
you're stuck because you're gonna
sacrifice our halo wearing friends
everyday or they'll drag your ass back
down the hell I know I thought I got
screwed but being forced to slap around
that's why I called it the professional
let's see here shacks Oh duh I get it
Oh nope how about old hand sauces Jack
thanks for turning me on to the hardcore
history podcast I'm certain blueprint
for Armageddon will help me enjoy the
historical accuracy of the upcoming
Wonder Woman movie great podcast
hardcore history a fine fine podcast
PaLaLaLi says Graham Linehan follows RLM
and Jay-slash-Mike on Twitter. Do you guys
know the importance of one of the greatest 
British comedy writers following you guys?
he wrote father Ted IT Crowd black books
you'd be amazed with the number of
things I don't know I've never heard of
any of those shows I don't know who he
is for their shows I'm not Smith the
writer of these shows though
oh I don't think I've heard of all of
those shows of her some of them what was
the it crowd I've heard of the ED crowd
yeah what else black books definitely
with a father Ted not familiar with
those the only ones yeah I've heard of
the it crowd okay and I haven't heard of
those shows but it may be they're good
maybe they're not I think it's great
that he follows rlm we have heard from
from multiple sources that that many
people working in the industry really
enjoy half in the bag yeah yeah
from from multiple credible sources that
in people in the industry really like
half in the bag and best of the worst so
I think that's great
I cannot believe suda51 did not have a
who did is that your little bitty friend
from the beginning yeah that's a bitty
friend
black book this one great Jackie you
don't know gran Lynam you don't know
what you're missing out on public Ted is
a staple of any Irish household I'm not
part of an Irish household I'm sorry sir
onion nights we've heard it from more
than just max landis is why I say
multiple credible source
what is a part of a Irish household oh
well I missed that should you should you
even try to pay attention at this point
black black books or the movie the TV
show from that guy that follows rlm on
top
ah we got the guy it's a it's a staple
of any Huayra channel the guy you know
the guy
all right shack soda says huge fan of
prereq I was psyched when I found out
you guys are fans of they might be
giants I've seen them a few times now
what are your top 3 songs by They Might
Be Giants rich is currently playing yeah
uh so I will go the end lat
that was great shoot them in a little
Iron Maiden yeah but there's just so
there's just so many kind of depends on
what mood you're in you know obviously
anything off a flood flood is an amazing
album but they'll need a crane is one of
my favorites like that's just a song I
can listen to any time it's it's this
lovely little jazzy pop tune about
parents they're about two people getting
a divorce it's great no idea what I just
did but it looked awesome top three they
might be giant songs oh you had a button
mesh okay okay what's the torture attack
starts ah
oh yeah dr. worm dr. worm is just
fantastic
back back when uh when my oldest was
very young he would request songs before
bedtime and we didn't know any songs and
so we sang him dr. Wong it's a great
song that was the only song I knew all
the words to was dr. worm so I'd sing
that to him so she's our enemy now I am
possibly yes great I'm not hearing
anything that's going on you're right I
don't think the game really cares no no
I can't imagine I can't imagine that the
game cares at this point rich cow town
going down to cow town the cows a friend
to me lives bazooey beneath the ocean
that's where I will be beneath the waves
the waves and that's where I will be
going to see the cow beneath the sea no
cow town no so they might be giant song
it's great song um Berlin in the dark
whistling in the dark
yep rock to wind a string around that's
a great one anything else yeah yeah
anything else like what yeah all my
favorite They Might Be Giants as flood
yeah that's a good one uh
the importance of Anna Inge cannot be
overstated you know Anna Inge no Oh Anna
Inge is a is an amazing song make a hole
with the gun perpendicular to the plains
of the town and a desktop world what's
called a system but was not comfortable
yeah that's a great one what does that
call Istanbul not a symbol comma or
pronounced sentence that is the full
name Istanbul was once constant open
artists and oh that Constantinople a
long time gone gone Constantinople now
that urn now is Turkish Delight on a
moonlit night at brick Galan
Constantinople lives in Istanbul my
constant
else off to you of a date in
Constantinople she'll be waiting in
Istanbul they did enjoy right that
fucking song she's weird
it was a cover don't you know I didn't I
didn't know they just played it better I
guess
so many amazing tunes from they might be
giants oh what's the what's the song is
it just called dead on flood oh yeah I
am returned yes yes rose
basically spot is fucking amazing you
wanna listen up one They Might Be Giants
album it's it's flood the shelf before
the expiration date that's a great flood
I mean yeah that's great um oh my good
yeah it's it's it's great I mean John
Henry is a great album Lincoln is a
great album so many so many of the
album's are the great albums
I can't believe this is going on for
this line I could probably skip it but
why would I want to you know I'm only
familiar with sigur rós from the HD dyd
movies I don't know what that means
how many people got into they might be
gents because I heard them on Tiny Toons
number one right here maybe the first
time I heard them yeah but now if I got
into them and I didn't really get deep
into them I don't know all the albums
and all the deep cuts but Karin parents
big fan oh yeah oh yeah after after that
Tiny Toons episode I went out to my
local CD store at the mall and bought
flood and went down a journey of they
might be giants and I loved them I loved
every one of their albums it's amazing
Karen is musically inclined whereas I am
not sure sure
one of my favorite songs once once you
start once you start getting into like
the non hits and the deep cuts on their
very first album they might be giants
the the third song on their debut album
is all about how they can only write two
songs yeah yeah I've only two songs in
me and I just wrote the third don't know
where I got the inspiration or how I'll
write the words spend my whole life just
digging up my music shallow grave for
the two songs in me and the third one I
just made they're amazing they're
amazing but here by the way this this is
why I can't remember anything because my
entire head is filled with lyrics - they
might be giant songs but what accidently
stopped the game what'd you do that was
a mini game and I think accidentally
good and intended it but the buttons
great
they're not none of their songs are like
that's the thing about They Might Be
Giants and I think that's why they might
be giants gets a bad rap is people
assumed that their comedy songs but
they're not whimsical they're whimsical
songs but they're just like they're not
meant to be funny except for the ones
that are you know like they have that
song about the Sun is massive
incandescent gas which is also a cover
apparently but that was just kind of a
one-off or the or the update to that the
Sun is a miasma of incandescent plasma
okay because what they realized is after
the Sun is a massive incandescent gas
came out scientists discovered that the
Sun actually has very little gas on it
it's all it's all plasma it does not
have the same ring to it huh it does not
have the same ring of course not but
they wanted to be scientifically
accurate
I get that it does not have the same
ring to it that's true it's very true
but I think I've memorized their entire
discography not including anything after
the year 2000 that's that's my problem
is so much of my brain is pho is focused
on remembering they might be giants
lyrics that I can't remember whether
it's Kate Blanchet or Kate Beckinsale in
thor ragnarok that's my problem
that's 100% my problem but I'm gonna be
okay with that because I love they might
be giant so much the head their songs
are so I mean whimsical might be the
best way to put it there there's a
documentary out about them called the
tale of two John's okay and it's
basically just it's almost like a
feature-length behind the music like oh
how they got together how they were
started writing songs together their
journey through
I don't get the title it'll now really
funny you know just their journey at
making music and they finally get to the
part where they're like so your your
songs are about random ass things right
like they have a song about James K poke
the James K poke presidency they have a
song song about a shoehorn
they have songs about all sorts of wacky
and mysterious things and so they're
like well how why do you write songs
like this and they go that's what we
write about and that was it like it's
never mentioned again
I think they're just musicians and they
they're they just like whatever
burps out of them they write about oh
the bloodmobile yeah they're their
science their science is a real album
here comes science
it's one of their kid albums here comes
the 1 2 3 s here comes the ABCs and here
comes science they have a whole song
about what blood does in our body it's
called the bloodmobile it's the delivery
service inside us the bloodmobile the
bloodmobile a delivery service inside us
it's great they have something about an
electric car so there's just there's no
way I can concentrate on this game and
you know that and and you know what you
know what that's fine rich because now
I'm remembering they might be giants on
so basically this entire stream will be
me remembering and singing they might be
giant songs you're welcome and or I'm
sorry as let's say something similar
yeah ah why is that backwards
what turning the camera left and right
always somehow did you invert a
horizontal try that huh no I didn't hurt
her I didn't vert anything or you need
to invert or horizontal no way that
looks right well that's not inverted
left and right is notice it's not
inverted and an E and you want it
inverted left and right now I never
invert left and right left just heating
right is making her look left no hit
hitting hitting right going right is
making her look left moving right moves
the camera right you need to invert it
if you want it the way you will want it
normally I'm saying this is funky do you
not agree that that is funky usually the
it is deef by default the other way okay
yes thank you that's all I was trying to
fucking say oh I'm sorry I didn't know
what you were looking for it I didn't
know you're looking for here rich I'm
sorry I'm busy remembering they might be
giants lyrics which is far more
important
is that preferable yes that's that's
much preferable okay Jack what about the
yes and that I was trying to help I was
trying to help rich they're trying to
help bridge let's see here visceral
attacks on stairs says hi Jill and Mac
I've been loving Zelda best of the wild
but I recently lost two weeks worth of
game progress due to my Wii U over
writing my data how do I cope with this
loss
lol sorry my Kate well what happened his
Wii U their Wii U visceral attacks on
stairs over wrote their save data
somehow I'm very very sorry
and the only thing you can do is when
you get back up your own saves but plays
you can't do that the console um I
wonder if you could can you can you
attach any sort of external harddrive
device to your Wii U to make sure that
this does not happen in the future I
don't know how that works
yep
they're saying combo the wall
going keep going oh you did it people in
the chat visceral attacks on stairs are
saying that you can use USB storage on
the WiiU so in the future it might be
good to backup your saves if you are
able to do that so I'm very sorry you
can only play more I know rich how are
you coming on your second playthrough ah
give me another day or two I'll be done
nice nice dish stirrer says speaking of
beat-em-ups with female protagonists and
the irrelevant plots there's a
little-known free PC in der game indie
game called wandering souls that you
guys should try it's great and would
make a fun stream familiar let's sound
familiar oh I have so many things on my
lap if you are noticing a frame per
second glitch that is probably only on
stream the eye I read about this the
developers are saying this gets a
buttery smooth 60 frames per second and
everything that rich has been doing
today has looked pretty smooth watch any
any lag I put fraps on it I don't know
huh you don't want the fraps out make
sure but enough perhaps right now sure
but I'm someone is mentioning that it
this looks bad but it doesn't it does
not look bad to us so that might just be
the stream every once in a while that
will happen is what you guys see in OBS
isn't exactly what we see on screen
sure hold on I'm going to look up that
wandering Souls wondering
oh man during souls is how you pronounce
these I spelled Jack I've got a giant
key sword what that's that is key and a
sword that's great you're an earring um
uh what's that game with the Final
Fantasy you're in Kingdom Hearts now I
don't see no wandering souls sorry
gobbledygook says hey guys I went to see
chips the other day chips is that
actually out up apparently the Dax
Shepard and other guy remake of the
classic TV show yeah
and passed by the Toys R Us and there
was a big line of people getting
switches I got another one do you want
to give a one away to a viewer no
gobbling hooks I will leave that look at
how naked she is I will leave that up to
you guy all the cooks you can do another
giveaway stream we're pretty bad at
giveaway streams we've tried many yeah
and then we always just forget so you
can do like mega hair moves yeah
Oh oh my god then you get extra naked
how fun jack that's half the reason why
you play bayonet always for the is for
the get naked hair moves well great well
great
let's see your loss and Technicolor says
tyka wat titty riches having a lot of
fun tika oh god I'm not going to know
how to pronounce his name the guy who's
directing Thor Ragnarok is so talented
and creative and funny I've been a fan
of his since Eagle versus shark can't
wait for Ragnarok I'm not even that big
a fan of comic book movies it just looks
like so much fun it it really looks it's
it's such a interesting contrast between
you know Justice League and like there
is genuine there looks like there's
genuine fun in Ragnarok and of course
you know a a Thor Hulk buddy team up
movie is exactly the kind of thing that
we need it looks great it looks like
it's another one of those that's going
to try to keep Marvel fresh keep it
interesting visually a lot of people
complain about the Marvel movies not not
going outside of their comfort zone a
lot and this looks closer to guardians
which i think it's till uses the the
classic guardians use a classic rock
zone yeah for the trailer but hey you
know whatever works you know what's what
ever works who however you pronounce his
name tikka wat TT y TT i have no idea
how you pronounce his name i'm so sorry
is very talented from what i have seen
I'm really looking forward to just I
love the way she boobs honestly look at
that ass that's great I just keep the
exaggerated
why yeah it's great the catwalk they've
made a character mm-hmm their motion
character motion or motion you
understand what she's about just by
watching her walk absolutely I'm with
you rich tyke ah what titi what this
downs
teaming with Hammond little helpers it's
making my buddies downstairs awfully
nervous and your point is
Jack the song of the trailer is the same
one they use for Wonder Woman thoughts
on that being a middle finger from
Marvel to DC is that true it when they
they use um what's what song is that it
but they come from the land of the ice
and snow Oh
what song is that I don't know but they
use them songs for Wonder Woman did they
use ice no no and what does what does
the connection here where's the end what
does the slide at Wonder Woman so they
used that song that whatever the song
that is yeah I don't know what song that
is I'm not I'm not a huge fan the
immigrant song is that Led Zeppelin
yeah I'm not I'm not a big fan of
classic rocks okay um yeah okay the
immigrant song Led Zeppelin thank you
ever so they use that song in the thor
ragnarok trailer that's the main song in
the Thor trailer apparently they also
use that in the Wonder Woman trailer so
they're wondering if that is a big
middle finger from Marvel to DC I'm
going to say yes another very aware of
trailers I also just believe that that
song is about four is it the immigrant
song like like Marvel stores
specifically no like Thor the God of
Thunder okay I think it's just about
Thor
well we'll see well the immigrant song
is about Vikings okay wait he comes from
the land of the items no no they're
using it because it's an on the nose
song with Viking lyrics it's about
Viking sailing to America okay Jack Jack
knows nothing haven't we been through
that already haven't we been fucking
through that already oh also I don't
think they I don't remember that I don't
remember that in the Wonder Woman
trailer
so tell tells you tells you all about
tell tell that tells you how good how
good that song worked there hold on
we're gonna watch the trailer but uh if
it is a if it is a middle finger to DC I
think it's unintentional I suppose bod
react to the trailer right now I will
show rich the trailer when we take a
break rich does need to see it in Jack's
defense Vikings are constantly
referencing Thor sure maybe I just said
I'm not a fan of classic rock I know he
said they say we come from the land of
the ice and snow and in the first Thor
movie they were fighting frost giants so
Luke ooh that's all like that's all I
got I didn't use that song and Wonder
Woman trailer it's just her theme from
Batman vs Superman oh yes oh oh yes
Wonder Woman has that awful ugly
sounding theme that sounds a lot like
the wine
but hers goes like it sounds different
that's what it was so they did not use
that song in the Wonder Woman trailer
that's just her stupid theme that just
sounds stupid
awful ugly sounding theme you mean her
voice it's not that bad no her stupid
like with the chunky guitar and the
vocal part to it oh I hate her her the
Wonder Woman theme music I mean there's
so many bad things about Batman vs
Superman but that's up there and then
they used it again in her trailer awful
awful awful awful
so who wins between Thor and Wonder
Woman I would love to see that fight
my guess is Wonder Woman Thor Thor has
gotten his ass handed to him by some by
some regular folk so I'm gonna give that
straight-up to Wonder Woman can we just
get a full stream of me making noises
absolutely Thor fucking wins she fucked
that she did fuck up Ares one day is
just a mud goddess Thor is a God Wonder
Woman is a demigoddess Thor can't fly on
his own Thor needs manure and horror to
fly Wonder Woman can fly so she'll
she'll have the movement advantage right
she has more tools at her disposal she's
got the gauntlets and she's got
everything right yes fine everything
fine
everything on the up-and-up we've now
moved on to who would win in a fight ah
Thor the Wonder Woman Thor the Wonder
Woman for versus Wonder Woman or by the
way that's a fight a lot of people would
pay to see is knew Jane Foster Thor
versus Wonder Woman but Thor versus
Wonder Woman the god of thunder
versus the the the daughter of Zeus no
she's been at a clay by what's her face
doesn't Helena Athena Athena well you
know what it depends on which backstory
working with she was made up thing I
don't the friggin head of Amazon Island
who I can't remember a damn name but
Rose she was formed of Hipple oh that's
a pip Allah knew knew continuity
is that she's the she's the half
daughter of Zeus oh why did you see I
never know which character this way man
that fun adventure that happened did
that man Lourdes but a racist I was just
reading an article there they are
after the clusterfuck that was new 52
there their rican jiggering the universe
again so Superman's backstories getting
altered again fuck off everything do you
see I can I ever get invested in any
repair history is constantly changing Oh
Thor true you know what I suppose you're
right yeah as long as we're here taking
a break wait how long have we don't I
don't know how to compare their various
their strengths I'm not sure who was
stronger physically I'm not sure who was
faster physically I know Wonder Woman
can actually fly that's doesn't Thor
technically just throw his hammer around
yes and so I gave I gave movement speed
to Wonder Woman because she can fly okay
so she's maneuverability maneuverability
she's more agile um Thor send down
Lightning Thor can send down lightning
she's got her gauntlets which are
impenetrable but she also is bulletproof
so store so sort right well those are
things she's tough she's a tough lady
she can hang with Superman she can hang
with Superman like I'm actually not sure
who was actually more powerful her or
Superman even right and so was Superman
I mean it's always Superman because it's
always Superman but that's what I'm
saying is her versus Thor is he she
might win she might she well I wouldn't
know I'd give it I wouldn't put that so
if I had to coin toss it I'd give it to
Wonder Woman is what I'm saying
skip flight stuff like I don't I don't
know the relative strengths like I have
no idea on those kind of power levels
but she can fly he can I know the
lightning makes up for that I don't know
if you can hit somebody with lightning
when they're flying don't you have to be
grounded well he's like if we're going
by the movies in in Avengers he was able
to like I guess I'm lightening up his
hammer and shooted it thing yes so he
might be able to hit her with lightning
lightning
doesn't work that way you're right rich
fucking doesn't work you're right
lightning doesn't work that way that
whole movie is now ruined Thor can fly
Thor I thought doesn't he use his hammer
to fly
yes Thor cannot fly he has to swing his
hammer or is that all they change that
they probably changed that right I'm
going off of movie continuity okay
fourth or in the movies Thor whips his
ham around and that's how he flies it up
he can go he can go far but he he's got
a wind-up you know and then like midair
he has to wind up again and change
directions whereas Wonder Woman can just
please he fly anywhere she wants yeah
yeah yeah currently Thor can fly in the
comics is this is why everything changes
okay here's what we're gonna do you know
what Thanos fits in both OH
Thanos is what we're gonna hear Zorgon
do we've been streaming for a little
over an hour we're going to take a break
so we have a cut point for the YouTube
videos later and I'm gonna make rich
watch the four Ragnarok trailer and then
we'll be back so we will be back in just
a moment is this giving me a headache
trying to concentrate on this game and
concentrate on talking to you it really
is I'm not good at that okay did you
want it over for bit sure I can I'm sure
what what I'm not thoroughly enjoying
this
it looked by the way I can always tell
when you are thoroughly enjoying games
because you stopped paying attention to
me that's how I might fight I think if
it's a game where I need to concentrate
like something like you know legs old is
a bit slower I can talk in place
although yeah apparently yeah yeah this
I can't do that I can't do that
oh it's not I'm not I'm not it's there's
more to it than just right I mean you
probably could play it that way but
there's lots of neat dodging and bullet
skills and combs no and I'm not taking
offense I like I'm saying I can tell you
enjoy me okay hey we'll be right back
and first I'll take off the camera and
then I'll mute us
you
we're unmuted yet Jack totally totally
needed to leave our mics on totally
needed to leave our mics on uh that that
got a big pop out of me I rich rich
screamed and laughed a class
let though oh sure totally call oh
that's gonna be the hole there's gonna
be the hole Anna's gonna be the hole
yeah they don't battle world but his
reaction when you know when the reveal
happened yeah that's what made it the
that was perfect chris hemsworth being
super excited to go to year before right
he and his friends are the home I know
him he's a friend from work know like
that the the bright colors the the
trailer is definitely going for a
Guardians
you feel it yes definitely going for
guardians feel but you know what it also
feels it feels vibrant I don't care cuz
it looks fun right
I love the alien looks jeff goldblum
that hella outfit with the big horns
looks awesome
yes yes looks fucking awesome I what you
muted the middle of what you were saying
I don't okay it does start with the
classic you're probably wondering how I
got in this situation yeah they didn't
need that they didn't need that which
I'm not like which is so which is so
cliche at this moment in time I almost
wonder if it's a joke that didn't land
quite right the record scratch I guess
you're wondering how I got here is so
cliche that I I can't believe they
didn't do that on ironically huh but it
looks like they did you know what's what
comes up first the Ragnarok or you know
Thor 3 or whatever it's called
yeah or guardians to guardians guardians
comes out in May gardens comes out next
month okay Ragnarok comes out November
when does infinity war start gooo why we
guardians in the Thor are they going to
meet up is that how they're gonna get
dragged into infinity war oh are they
gonna say are they gonna rescue meet up
with or around the battle planet or
something
or the very least at the end as part of
the tease but probably I mean we already
got a mild Doctor Strange spoilers
sharanam shit I'm just warning everyone
else Doctor Strange spoilers now when I
wave my hands no more is the
post-credits sequence for Doctor Strange
yeah was Thor on earth saying he was
looking for he was looking for Odin
okay talking to dr. strange and Doctor
Strange spoilers so guardians we might
get a post-credits a well the guardians
were doing first we're gonna we're gonna
weren't you sure sure so so then the
question is is there a is there a Thor
pop up in the trailer for error in the
post-credits for guardians and then do
the guardians show up in for no I'm not
I'm not sure exactly how you do that
right but I got a feeling that's how
they're going to merge the guardians
characters into our other Marvel heroes
yeah and they're gonna they're gonna
meet that it
Oh cause we're saying guardians to first
then spider-man then Ragnarok then Black
Panther then infinity war okay black
panther performed war wait well if you
remember Civil War that's where all the
heroes are at the moment true so they
got it they got a rebel that and getting
a Captain America back yeah yeah yeah it
makes sense
everyone's in Wakanda at the moment so
at very least they need a black panther
movie to bring everyone back in what
condom you saw Civil War it I saw Civil
War there in I forgot where they were at
the end where they were kinda yeah I
just don't remember oh sure yeah well
the only thing I remember I remember
they were in prison than Captain America
shows up to get them out and Tony Stark
doesn't do anything to stop them right
well Captain America at very leases in
Wakanda Captain America and the Winter
Soldier in Wakanda okay that that's part
I didn't remember oh okay
I didn't see it I just I I assume
ant-man went back to do his ant-man
thing and also assumed that Falcon is
with Captain Nemo condo a man's criminal
now huh yeah man's criminal again he's a
little more his criminal gun man that's
true that's true
but you know what that's true but but
here's the thing about comparing and
contrasting because someone made an
obvious joke later saying that it's
exactly the same as the Justice League
trailer you can how is this exactly the
same that was dark
dang it was addressing oh it was
obviously a joke they said this is
exactly what I see people say the
dumbest things all the fucking times I
believe in my heart that it is a joke
rich it has to because no one can be
that dumb they still go to see the DC
movies yes they can't be that dumb ha ha
ha
but the the tone of the Thor movie is
correct even though like you know you
have dark times you have violence it's
all about this overarching light tone so
when Thor is really happy and there's a
little joke bit it makes sense within
the overall tone bright colors fun music
action adventure tone not done and like
a lot of it is just in the look Zack
Snyder movies look like mud they look
ugly blue mud blue and tib teal and
orange mud teal and orange mud in any
case let's get back to playing the game
all right so my plan are you want to
give this shot I'll get a job I'm just
gonna button mash that was fun but
sailor kitchen CI kitchen we have a
laptop that's right there in front oh
yeah it's right it's right there in
front of you rich hold on desktop audio
is not on you guys like to hear this
game now desktop audio is on and you
know I would have left at very least our
camera and audio on for Rich's reaction
I wasn't expecting it to be that
positive for a Thor but uh the reason I
didn't is because I didn't want to get
dinged I didn't want to get I didn't
want to get copy written write dinged
yeah which would have happened where we
leave off with
ups with the taps
this one is our next one hey Preston
Freeman tsa's thanks rich I watched Star
Trek the motion picture for the first
time after avoiding it for years yeah
probably the best Star Trek movie though
Conn may be a better general audience
movie that said six is still my favorite
yeah no I I think I think Cohn is the
better movie all around but the motion
picture might be the best Star Trek
movie because it actually it actually
has themes about you know first contact
discovering the unknown uncovering a
mystery we have to use our brains to
figure out what this thing is
yeah it's it could use and edit it could
use a trim but I'll agree with that Stan
I'm not saying it isn't slow a spot okay
that's fair then we then I can agree
with that Conn is easily the more
entertaining movie the motion picture is
great to have on in the background when
you're doing something it is in part
because it's low hmm yeah I agree
I'm with you space yep it's all space
vaginas it's it's 20 minutes of glamour
shots of the movie version of the Star
Trek Enterprise and then the rest of the
movie is face vaginas space booms and
it's it's I've gone over this before
fuck I'll do it again it's it's a
fucking rebirth metaphor not a vagina
metaphor that's a birth metaphor there's
a vagina involved rich it that movie
cares about sex insofar as it involves
the rebirthing process right here I've
talked about this them this this the
movie starts okay and Star Trek as we
know it is effectively dead and like you
know 15 years after the series have been
cancelled and and story-wise like Kirk
hasn't been a captain in here he's been
an admiral and he's not
and Spock has moved on Spock Spock is
trying to completely get rid of his
humanities the Spock as we know him is
he's no more bones he's he's left
Starfleet he doesn't give a shit and the
enterprise are old familiar enterprise
yeah it's not our old familiar
enterprise anymore it's been it's been
taken apart Jack and you know what it
doesn't even fucking work anymore
is that true yeah it's not sure like
then try to transport somebody any
fucking dies well but Dad it's not ready
yet basically when the movie starts all
of old Trek as we know it is it's gone
oh and Kirk is the the bitterer like he
played he was a high school quarterback
and he longs for the old days cuz he's
selling shoes now he wants to be in the
captain's chair again but he doesn't
really belong there all right he kind of
steals command from from Captain
pedophile I guess it's hard to watch
that movie now because what's-his-face
was he was a pedophile Oh was he
no and Kirk doesn't really belong there
he's doing when Kirk is doing the wrong
thing okay like he should be the captain
he almost gets the crew killed a couple
of times because it's not his old ship
anymore
that time has passed right then we come
to the magic space womb right and
suddenly everything changes because V
juror represents the rebirth it's the
rebirth the Star Trek the enterprise
goes into the space womb and then
suddenly Kirk gets his mojo back out of
nowhere
he's made decisions that almost got them
killed before now he's suddenly being
Kirk again
Spock rediscovers his human half that
that kind of gave him his wisdom bonesy
he wants to be a part of the crew again
you know if everything changes once they
get to VTR it's like it's like the womb
that rebirth Star Trek and at the end of
that fucking movie it's like the
dramatic music and the enterprise comes
out of the space woman they're all
joking around like normal
like the old series because the whole
thing is fucking rebirth metaphor I've
explained that better elsewhere know
jack is not listening cuz the game is
engrossing no I I i by the way I
listened to your entire Star Trek rant
about it being a rebirth metaphor about
how Kirk wasn't a good captain about how
bones has gone about how Spock lost his
humanity and then they got rebirth and
everyone was how they were again
I was absolutely paying attention 100%
of them I had nothing to contribute as
I'm not as big of a Star Trek fan Jesus
Christ geez you're you're a very big
Star Trek fan and I did not want to
encroach on your Star Trek fandom you
were going on a little Star Trek rant
there and I didn't want to I didn't want
it to be like my rant you know Star Trek
the motion picture review with rich it
it's almost happened a few times with me
and Mike and I don't know why the fuck
it hasn't I really don't know not
necessarily the motion picture but
Star Trek something or other I think
he's just saving it haha I honestly do I
think he's just saving it okay is there
a way to heal cuz I would really like to
do that
awesome spot here completely lost spot
ragged Kira says I know you guys are
obsessed with although but I hope you
give ban at us sometime you could put
rocket launchers on your hands and feet
fight two-headed dragons and punch of
God across the solar system I don't I
don't doubt it does this game looks like
a lot of damn fun mm-hmm we'll see we'll
see what happens I mean we it's about
time to start reviewing something I
don't know what the fuck it's gonna be
right that's the that's the problem like
we we want to do another episode like
Zelda was a big episode and of course
right before that we had another one
right before that we don't know so I was
like we're looking for something to
review right now rich what's Dodge right
trigger that was my problem is I wasn't
dodging it all during bad and I think
you could just hit it while standing
still - I don't think it's like dodge
left dodge right they just do okay great
let's treat you know what let's try that
again now that I know how to dodge rich
honest question what do you think is dip
between the motion picture and Blade
Runner that you love the former and
think the latter is boring cuz Star Trek
the motion picture is slow but things
happen we go to VG we we we've Spock
Spock sees the Holograms inside meteor
that the probes can things happen but
they happen slowly Blade Runner not much
happens the entire damn film of
consequence it it just loves it smooth
it's you know what our setting look at
our mood and I'll agree with rich it's a
different kind of slow I you know I like
Blade Runner I'm a big fan of Blade
Runner but it is it is a different kind
of slow
oh by the way yeah with dodge this is a
much much easier I just did not know how
to do that before
rich hates anything different
that's true let's remember things I like
I whatever whatever man I don't like
this weapon how do I not use this weapon
Blade Runner brings up great themes
about humanity and what it means to be
human
yeah artificial intelligence and it
doesn't explore any of them in any
meaningful way it's it's it's Harrison
Ford moping around and going to places
in the Hunter how're mopes around goes
to places Wow a little bit more than
that but oh I dodged goddamnit I doubt
it I did not dodge that that lyric says
wretch checkout me first and the Gimme
gimmies you might like their beat
oh no they do fast Punk covers of songs
like city of New Orleans
alright I could I could stand have you
ever heard me first in the gimmicky
piece probably not there they are a
passe ska punk band of and vast like The
Ramones are like faster a little faster
than the Ramones and yeah they do they
do humorous Punk covers of classic songs
they have a great musicals album where
they do musical you know brain drop ten
roses and whiskers on kittens
it's hilarious my first job it was one
of the songs they were playing the PA
not not their version of the city of New
Orleans City um oh yeah I wouldn't I
wouldn't mind hearing a super-fast pun
cover that that could be fun yeah
they're you know what they're fun band
kal-el live says signing off now because
sleepy highly recommend watching the
shows of garam Lee ham but I was
corrected by job uh tip to thank for all
the great entertainment over the years
you guys are awesome
well thank you person who is not here
anymore because you want to sleep about
an hour ago we appreciate it very much
true if you ever hear this whoo what am
I doing this
Oh your hair made a monster yay
that is sweet hey by the way dodging in
this game is really important I just we
need to put that up point that out to
everyone dodging is important in many
games Jack and I what that first my
first playthrough I didn't know there
was a Dodge button and that's why I did
so poorly many apologies to people who
like this game oh yeah this is fun this
is good dumb fun man it's fun dumb fun
this wouldn't happen to be the Wii U
version would it my note would not I
don't know there's the first one on the
Wii U I know they didn't Bayonetta 2 is
it on the way you oh I don't know
Bayonetta 2 is Bayonetta mm the only
place you get Bayonetta 2 right um
this is the Steam version which without
much fanfare came out like what a few
days ago or something like just
yesterday like all the sudden it was
like no one knew this was happening
until it popped up on the Steam new
releases list yeah Platinum did no
advertisement they just said hey here's
a game so we're playing this on Wii U
we're pregnant on PC Wow not that we you
we're playing this on PC and it's
running fairly smoothly I'm not noticing
any big hiccups if you guys see anyway
we talked about this earlier if you see
any kind of framerate drops that might
be OBS
oh yes put him a little guillotine april
fools
8-bit bayonetta oh that's true there was
that I didn't see that there was the the
Megaman Rio yeah we looked at that Oh
was that unable full thing maybe maybe
oh no I wanted that ax they put out a
Megaman like Bayonetta one level yeah
yeah but I guess everyone just thought
that was a one-off joke but apparently
it was it was a precursor how funny mr.
Bhagwat spob says did you happen to read
my friend's comic book about the girl
who kills men with orgasms off girl and
if so what did you think of it I did
what did you think Jack I did not like
it you did not like I did not like it I
thought the art was really kind of bland
and it was hard to tell characters apart
and the story was too ambiguous I didn't
understand her power set or what she was
trying to accomplish or what she was
like as a person note to viewers if you
send in a piece of art or media that you
have created to a group of people who
review things there's no guarantee your
heart won't be crushed
we are very critical people by nature
and here's the thing if you just send us
something and we don't like it we won't
say anything if you notice I haven't
said anything about off girl for a while
but if you ask us directly we'll answer
and I just did not much care for it and
I'm really sorry but honest feedback is
better than lies that's true that is
absolutely true someone sent me a little
video they made today they said hey me
and a group of friends made a video I'd
love to know what you think of it and it
was a little like a two-minute zombie
short a funny he's Amba short and you
know what really good it was really good
I got backed I was like hey that's
really funny I enjoyed that there are
eight but there is no guarantee that we
will enjoy anything you send us yeah so
we are critical assholes people of
people have asked us to you know we've
read me look at my this or that before
or not I said once or twice like like if
we do that we're gonna be brutally
honest we're gonna tell you what we
think right but back in the day backyard
but before there was a you jack
before there was Amelia wasn't you I
don't believe in um telling me and
Michael making videos website we've met
Jay on rewind video yeah bunch of people
who you know in the days before YouTube
he'd send tapes to each other you know
they're all amateur people making stuff
they're video cameras right right
nobody was willing to be honest oh no
it's great this is great you watch it it
was fucking awful sure their ocean but
we do I'm just doing it for fun
right and nobody's willing to fucking be
honest with anybody else and Mike gave
an honest review to somebody's video I
was like you know I'm doing a review
it's gonna be honest it was fucking
furious with him for being honest
because he wasn't being supportive thank
you sure sure when what he was doing was
in fact more supportive because this is
shit you happy you know no you're don't
live in your bubble you're doing this
this this wrong yeah you got a long way
to go yeah yeah yeah did they did not
want them not like hearing that that did
not go over well I'm sure I'm sure can I
go over it now I can't how do i I just
have to shoot him
you know and and by the way criticism is
a part of it and if you can if you can
take criticism and you know learn from
all the shitty makers we've all made
shitty things oh sure but you know you
don't make shit but hopefully you learn
from making shitty things and make
better things right yep
mic reviewed what No believe it or not
most of you know what it is
hahaha do you know what it is I know it
is you you know I'm not gonna name it
but if you just think about it enough
and if you're familiar enough with what
we've done you know what it is you can
put it together I don't necessarily
understand how to do this segment
I have like a super missile rich um I
know there's a meter if I can fill up
but I don't know about any missiles yet
okay did we break the wheel on purpose
or did it just happen it just happened
honestly I was I was very annoyed when
it happened I could tell I could tell in
the video cuz it was dumb it was just
fucking stupid evil eye dad for what now
I got no wheel it you know like he was
really excited he got the video he
wanted I know
why'd he have to knock it over huh why
do you have the knockin Oh apparently
because he saw me do it three years ago
and wanted to get in on the action
everyone has to lock the goddamn wheel
over listen when I knocked it over I had
a purpose because I hated the wheel it's
all your fault apparently yeah
apparently it's all my fault
this monster Lister I should not have
let you have the project i justwe know
what it's too late now that's fine
because I'm really enjoying this game
and I can talk and play this Danielle
seems I know it was so hard for me to
have any kind of a conversation right
like this so that's what you which is a
compliment to bayonet up right oh I want
to go there and fight the monster for
real but it's not letting me it's a
little annoying that you can only shoot
this thing
oh wait didn't I see somewhere you could
aim your gun
was there you saw that I didn't get that
yet because I'm I'm nailing the witch
time here but then like if I could like
aim it at the jewel I think I could kill
him a lot faster go further into tunnel
I think you just need to go do more
things yeah yeah I mean except for like
I know I'm cheese in this but I'm doing
really well uh yeah yeah I might just
see if I can continue doing this all
right all right I know this is a total
cheese but oh and actually look it's
gonna make me go to the next section
Oh or or I won thank you very much
oh no look the cutscene is in the next
section
I just cheesed it the cutscene was in
the next section you bastard
huh you bet I'm a dumb a cheese and
bastard I'm gonna be okay with that
Dubey sandwich says do be sandwich hey I
have you heard of the sexy brute ale
it's a murder-mystery pc game with a
unique time-travel mechanic that certain
press says is great by the way
harlech curious how did you get away
from the farm my family moved because
the because well too much no I want to
say we moved because um there weren't I
did we move we move because of the
schools I want to say I have brothers
and sisters and the schools in the farm
area weren't that good and so we moved
to a better school district okay it like
it was a really dumb reason and we moved
into the suburbs and my mother who also
grew up on a farm grew up on the farm
next door to the farm that I grew up on
because that's where my grandparents
lived I hated it so much she moved out
like a couple years later but by that
time we were already enrolled in that
nice
schools so then we just had a really
long commute every day into school so
that that's there's no like I didn't
move away from the farm mmm I moved you
know my family did but I would have
liked to think that I would have moved
down I did get out of the suburbs as
fast as fucking possible as soon as I as
soon as I could get out on my own I got
right out of them burbs
protip pressed down while running to
spin - through enemies what I'm reading
it's all right
oh I don't have enough money for those
cool and by the way I'm not at all
familiar with the sexy GU tale
okay not her that for oh and by the way
I do know how to play the banjo I've
been teaching myself how to play the
banjo
you know why a banjo huh the banjo Jack
I've been teaching myself how to play
the banjo I do
Danah dan dan dan dan dan dan dan who
air dodge i want that dodging enemy
attack while in mid-air yes
absolutely they're saying you want to
buy air - yes yes by the way I knew that
as soon as I saw zit I knew that as soon
as I saw Zig anonymous says rich in the
last wheel of the worst where was Mike's
worm in the song he sang the location of
his worm got bleeped out we need to know
where the worm is I honestly have no
recollection of what he actually says
and it's bleeped out because it's funny
or so then it's probably disgusting
stated in the comments all the time why
are some words bleeped out in others is
that did you ever watch Jerry Springer
is my response cuz sometimes bleeping
makes it more fun yeah
an Irish burger from from legit talk
show to a brilliant deconstructionist
set tire to pathetic that was a period
there where Jerry Springer was just
brilliant and self-aware and performance
art yep yep there was a sweet spot
Anonymous's will we ever see farm safety
family-style I'm Gila the worst thanks
for the laughs
jizz I think I screened it once in which
is boring I believe you are correct it
was short and boring and there's really
not much we could have done with it yeah
you're fighting a God or Jesus or
something it kind of looks like I just
think it's a statue but what do you what
is he trying to accomplish here whoa
thoughts on the Maury Povich Show there
are only two episodes that's the problem
with the Maury Povich Show is you're not
the father or you are the father and I
don't know if he still does I haven't
seen Maureen ages it might be just the
year not the father show he just does
fraternity Justin I think is it a man or
a woman used to do that a lot like you
won't believe this drag queen is it is
this a real genetic woman or a drag
queen oh who knows it was just awful
sure that's awful
you can't handle me
Mora used to polygraph people I think oh
yeah okay okay now they did the one
thing we got the ratings and then that
was all they did whoo yeah super naked
attack lapis and away huh
did she slap his hand away she might
have I wasn't paying attention to that I
was just looking at the booty get out of
town I thought he reached fern she just
did a little hahahahaha this game as fun
as hell quite looks like the only
problem is my thumb is legitimately
hurting from a yeah which is great
that's the that's a great game she was
trying to grab her ass maybe chimp Omar
says chipotle ridge gun to your head
Star Trek Voyager Star Trek Enterprise
personally I think they both suck the
Voyager has at least one decent
character while enterprise is none you
can only you can only choose one to
watch forever why'd you have to put a
fucking gun to my head
the Asthma to choose between one of
these two like is it the only thing I
can watch ever at that point just pull
the trigger you know I didn't do so well
on the first one of those I got you know
what you only get eight bullets and I
will and I was just spamming okay so I
can't do anything um here's how it works
for some reason I eventually saw all of
the Voyager episodes and it's terrible
it
Voyager never even the best episode of
Voyager never cracks mediocrity okay um
that's true enterprise I quit four
episodes into the first season that bad
yeah yeah four episodes in the first
season I'm not doing this anymore
so yeah so you would take four yeah I
would take Voyager over at a price
that's fair the people and Rhys gets
better it gets better well they they
missed a fucking chance they blew it the
fucking blew it you know yeah the
Voyager had some had some good episodes
that had the doctor who was a fun
character and and you know what
he hadn't he was an interesting
character the holographic doctor who
wants to be a real person I don't know
if an entire show of characters and the
only interesting one is a computer
simulation of a human being well no no
you there were there was potential
Janeway I'm going to say and you know
this is going to come with a huge
asterisk Janeway was an interesting
character no Janeway was an interesting
actress no no Kate Mulgrew was great the
writers had no idea what her character
was that's the huge asterisk is in the
beginning those first couple of episodes
when they were going the the hard line
she wants to stick with Starfleet agenda
no matter what that could have been
interesting the problem was the foot
floppy Harry Kim there's an entire
fucking waste of a character right there
he was nothing he was nothing uh fucking
uh Chakotay he comes from a culture and
that's that's all the effort they
bothered to fucking put into it again
I'm gonna here's here's my asterisk is
our Trek has a rich history of diversity
it's like the original series like
diverse crew as a metaphor for unlike in
the future we get a round all of our
problems and we can all work together
was like a it was it was a fucking
statement and then it fucking did
evolved into what checkbox' didn't we
mark yet by the time they got an Indian
which Wendy I know Indian Indian Indian
Indian Indian the Checotah I hate
Chakotay Chakotay could have been good
though if you take Chakotay from those
first two episodes if he had a character
besides I'm from a culture he had a good
set up his ways what I'm saying
because his setup was former Starfleet
officer
gone rogue right there head-butting
could have been really great
when did they ever butt heads only
episode 1 that isn't that the fucking
problem episode 1 they butted heads
everything everything else the writers
had no fucking idea what to do with the
concept yep it was a great concept
here's a great concept
racism guys racism is taking a character
and saying Ah he's a Native American and
stopping there ha ha ha was fuckin
racist that you know what that is that's
um brown face right there that's all
that exactly he like oh he's Native
American I'm sure he knows about you
know sounds like got it old dream states
or something right didn't he have to go
on spirit question with people that's
fucking racist we're saying we want
Chakotay to be a fully realized
character oh we're stuck on a planet
I bet Chakotay that Indian knows how to
mix herbs together yeah huh I bet I bet
that has happened in an episode come on
you know what I'm gonna skip it how do
you do that you do that I'm gonna skip
it you know why because I don't care and
I don't care that you care and you know
what this is all terrible from Voyager
and yet every base is worse ha ha ha ha
when the moon shines bright in the sky
face a wall and press a to which walk
whoa oh my god oh my god this game is
insane we this is great how high do I
get to fight this bidding now do I want
to fight you I probably should've paid
attention in that cutscene you probably
want to fight her try fighting her yeah
you want a fighter
shit Oh Chevy don't want to fight her
she can't handle me she can't handle me
boom jay-ar our love Kraft says at work
the other day I'm at a 23 year old 23
year old girl who said she was super
excited for the Wonder Woman movie yeah
fans want DC EU to work so badly it
reminds me of my youth and all we had
was season 1 of TNG I'd say that's my
first impression when TNG came out I was
like it's not Kirk obviously it
eventually completely totally won me
over
oh sure and and I eventually understood
that Star Trek was a concept beyond just
most character but at first was an Alice
not Kirk or spa gonna care about these
guys my god I didn't start to like Susan
3 or so though I'm failing against this
lady
shit my Dodge game is not on point with
this lady
this is why we're would be good to learn
some of those other skills hey you know
what what you just picked up the
controller what you didn't even it you
didn't even get to go through the
tutorial you're doing great jack the
only problem is like my my dodge isn't
working with her I'm not I'm not getting
my yeah I know and I can't time it right
and so uh I'm not getting my which time
you know you get the slowdown which time
I thought I hated that time anonymous
says so my friend told me that Marvel is
the cinematic equivalent of McDonald's
as it is inoffensive
no no it's not that it's inoffensive
it's a uniform it's presented well sure
meanwhile he defends DC because they
take risks oh all right I don't know
what to say you guys help you know
there's no help I know who else takes
risks Arby's wait a minute what they've
got the beef rich Harvey's herpes I've
never heard that argument before about
Arby's
um DC isn't taking risks they're just
being stupid there's a difference isn't
there oh my boots because you can
doesn't mean you should right that's not
going to work
um rich do you rub cheeto dust on your
pants Oh kind of a rude thing to say not
that big on Cheetos in the grand scheme
of things yeah yeah whoa what's on you
on how much do I like the pants I'm
wearing
that's question well to whether or not
you rub cheeto does something yeah I
suppose yeah you know I guess I'm with
you where I'm just not a huge huge into
Cheetos it's never not ever rare now in
them it's really not that often sure I
think like it was like some nacho chips
kettle kettle clip chips if the question
is like do you rub shit on your pants
when it's on your hands it's like that
not often but you know what sometimes oh
did I do it oh by the skin of my fucking
teeth if you want if you want cheese in
a chip but I'll go with like a Dorito
and some kind of like dip I like rather
than that obnoxious orange ship
I like Cool Ranch Doritos man those are
those Doritos do you like to read oh yes
No Doritos are fine but like just some
mission chips sure mission chips are
good I don't know a mission they they're
a brand of just natural corn chip
okay tortilla chip the well one dr.
smoke trees is correct in saying that
like the entirety of the Marvel Universe
is in and of itself a creative risk yeah
the the idea of an interlocking movie
universe did not exist before the Marvel
Cinematic Universe that was a huge risk
yeah a risk by the way like I remember
in those early days I was thinking like
this isn't gonna work
comic really you're thinking that
wouldn't work here well I was wondering
why they didn't try sooner honestly here
was my thought process comic books have
this giant convoluted and ever-changing
history right not anymore
or well Oh ever changing ever changing
it's not convoluted because it's
different every few weeks no but that
means it's even more convoluted and so
my thought was how is a cinematic
universe going to work when they start
messing with everyone's backstories
which we just haven't gotten to yet
maybe they don't need to mess with
everyone's backstories they just get it
right the first fucking time how do i I
bought a lollipop how do i how do I
equip my lollipop is that a creative
whiskey they built a plan and executed
it I don't yeah I like I'm kind of a
Tiberius Kirk in the chapter I don't
know if that's a risk but it is an
innovation and that's certainly not in
the realm of inoffensive they did
something exciting that's not
inoffensive and bland
wait what Kevin Smith did it first guys
Oh glorified cameos to to to reoccurring
characters does not a universe Meg right
can I find the lolly to the d-pad I am
trying to do that okay so now what would
you think that I would press to bind it
to the d-pad rich a huh a then it goes
to use move the cursor over the step set
now hit eight there we go oh that was
fucking hard fuck bubblers is jack thank
you for all the editing work got a
compliment while you read thank you
you're welcome
set that's what I wanted welcome uh okay
waits creative risks I had more to say
about Marvel vs. DC so I think the
usually the the criticism against Marvel
is that all of their movies feel kind of
the same which is true
my only counter criticism to that is so
far all of the DC movies look all the
same they feel the same and they feel
the same and that that feeling is
depressed right and so you what you have
here is two universes that are kind of
the same but with Marvel we get
interesting high points we get guardians
we get great action with stuff like Iron
Man and Captain America we get neat
visuals like with Doctor Strange and
even though there are they are a little
bit homogenous you know what I would
actually call them I'd call them star
Buck's cuz you can go into any Marvel
movie and know exactly what you're gonna
get it might not be the highest quality
but it's pretty good and made by pretty
good people you say we're inoffensive
what I said if it is does it really
matter right um like you can go
elsewhere to be offended
DC is offensive in all the wrong ways
you know what if my intelligence
offensive to my anxiety as a fan of
these characters to my all of my senses
I hangers okay you know what Marvel is
inoffensive yeah but so what
but so what you know I'll be I'll be
with you on that rich okay so now exit
now I have the lolly so now if I go like
this I eat a lot of pop and I get my
health back
MC use in offensive because it's bland
it's not bland but it's not bland you
get good characters you get good action
you get interesting stories I think you
guys are crazy I think you guys are
looking for problems what is bland
what is cinematic with land what is
cinematically bland yeah points if it's
a superhero movie a cinematically bland
a superhero movie how about x-men 3 okay
how about the Wolverine which I haven't
seen oh you haven't seen yeah yeah that
to me the Wolverine or you know wolf or
is it just called Wolverine or what is
it called to remember Wolverine Origins
not or the Wolverine not Wolverine the
Wadena like the good one quote-unquote
before legacy either so right so that to
me was a neutered
Wolverine story Fantastic Four
Oh way better yeah both of the original
Fantastic Four movie yeah super bland
superhero movies x3 is painful not bland
I think it is Brandon Roth Superman is
just boring it's just boring as I yeah i
guess that's bland Green Lantern is just
too bad the Green Lantern crosses over
into bad territory oh wait wait at least
without using my witching power and the
moon is out I just learned how to do
this
haha which walk so there are plenty go
watch those fantastic four movies with
Jessica Alba then we can talk about
bland superhero movies The Wolverine is
pretty bland is pretty bland
