Shmucks Playing Shmups (part 1)
April 30, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hCX74lA0BsA

what everybody whoa all you
motherfuckers whoa
you notice I'm feeling really good today
yep and I have no earthly reason to feel
really good I think my life is falling
apart so you feel good because your life
was falling apart no like like I was
incredibly busy I was a Biddy I was a
busy Biddy of this we credibly Biddy I
was I was a busy bee and I didn't get
anything I wanted to get done done right
now I don't know if people can see in
the camera I am currently wearing shorts
even though it is approximately 40
degrees out yeah why is that because I
had I didn't even have function it was
the game started I didn't even have time
I'll fuck to do my laundry this weekend
so like I just don't have any clean
pants so I said fuck it I'll wear shorts
that's how little control I have over my
life at the moment but that's the way
that's the weird thing rich is I'm like
I'm feeling pretty good like I have a
fine
I got no worries and usually when your
life's crumbling around you you start to
get anxious and that's what helps
motivate your future Oh
look at that like so white so blinding
yeah yeah welcome to my life so this is
a game called I I know is it's like
where what is this game called again
starid then stare and then I think I
don't know saying by IKEA I guess sturdy
being it is it is it was billed as a
endless shoot-'em-up yep kind of a rope
roguelike how god roguelike endless
shoot him up yep Jesus oh no oh God
how does your reflector even work I've
never had that weapon before I have no
idea this is like a third time I've
played I've tried to play this sure sure
it a couple of times before we started
Stanton didn't stand him dim I can catch
it live oh my god welcome Jack uses
mayonnaise as lotion that's so fucking
gross that's so gross so say you weren't
short she likes fall apart well I'm
sawing apart but I'm feeling all right
that's what's falling apart in your life
oh I was not getting anything done okay
like your wife isn't getting ready to
leave you no no nothing work their kids
have not started doing drugs no nothing
like that I'm just not getting anything
done that I want to get done and
you know I was being a little hyperbolic
about but usually usually like you know
at this point I start getting really
anxious and that's what helped motivate
me but I'm just doing all right Kevin
I'm all right we Stacey spots dad yeah
that weapon sucks yeah where the fuck is
Mario Cart oh let's you know what guys
let's talk about motherfucking Mario
Kart as soon as I log into the laptop
that that's right dude I got Mario Kart
on Friday Wow
as I was talking about getting Mario
Kart on Friday I'm a you know a big
Mario Kart fan and and I was gonna get
it for the switch so I could play Mario
Kart without the hassle of you know
dealing with my kids because the switch
is in my office that we use in the
living room
so you know get a little more cards and
you know like one of those you know see
difference is what's going on it's Mario
Cart Mark Kirk to look smart guard eight
deluxe which is basically Mario Kart 8
with a DLC pack Wow yeah yeah it's what
value it does have some new features
that make it really great
as someone who games with their children
uh-huh
it has Auto accelerate and auto rails it
should drop and I know what drop please
um maybe like like probably drop is like
item drop so you get a bit of a greater
drop rate and more damage that's pretty
good yeah sounds good I'll take that
I'll take that yeah take that oh honey
good stuff up here
okay so auto rails and auto accelerate
which means when I play with my
six-year-old they never get so
frustrated that it's annoying to them
you know because basically they they
don't they don't even they don't even
have to press the gas button or steer
their part we'll just go it doesn't
affect me but it just keeps them moving
for which is very very helpful as a
parent gamer that's really neat they've
added a new battle mode that is with a
tool with some apps and they've added
two new racing maps to mechanic but
really it's a it's a patch
who homing missiles my attack really
it's a patch and a DLC all right homing
missiles
oh yeah this himself
normally Jack's style is lesbian dad
with today's gun for college students
true I'm just wearing whatever is clean
today that's it that's all I can do
that's all I can
oh shit I lost my normal stasis and the
holy muscles oh that blows I wonder if
there's a special way that you have to
pick them up - yeah probably replaces
them yeah one you're using shit
well that's gonna be good this could be
this gets the one oh yeah if anything
like you can just you can just spam that
and just count straight and I told my be
too sensitive Jack who's sensitive rich
I want to find two lovebirds I can't
find Jun them uh-huh when was the last
time I went to an actual arcade a
long-ass time long-ass time ago Jesus
shit oh fuck oh fuck a long-ass time ago
when was the last time I went to an
actual arcade you know probably before I
was 18 probably before hoes hate see why
is rich playing on a controller this is
a game that you play on a controller
yeah duh it looks both for everything
there are some controls that you play on
a controller
get get get it together people about
that get it right - fuck -
okay so Friday I get my retard and I go
to play smarter card on Friday um and
all and I get my handy-dandy pro
controller and you know I turn on the
switch and my pro controller and I'm
going in through the Mario Kart we were
just looking at the menus and all of a
sudden my pro controller disconnects you
have to fuck is with that why is my pro
controller disconnecting oh you know
what it's been a while since I've played
anything I bet it were not a battery so
you're not plugged in reconnected it
reconnects for approximately 30 seconds
and then disconnects again W so much
Phillips knows now god damn it failed to
kill the thing that would give me
another weapon guys I can't kill things
fast enough I like the homing missiles
but you like I need a good I need a good
secondary you need a machine gun yes I
need a machine gun to complement this
yep you needed what they call a DPS you
need a damage per second yes especially
with a damage boost power-ups have taken
right
games so loud being a bit too loud all
right take a moment whenever you already
I am NOT ready to cross okay that's what
I can't hear you what we're getting
fucking die I want to say probably one
of our last things is that there's a
very quiet team sir Eastern Oh dad that
was writing the balls they're rich
alright great so she's game the game
down a little turned desktop audio down
oh and actually yeah it's most probably
because we're quiet
we're quieter than usual but we get
louder so I got dumber
great see how that works sorry Frank
that look you know rich it looks perfect
okay so here's the shit my controller
keeps disconnecting yeah my pro
controller keeps disconnecting I said
well shit something's wrong my pro
controller I guess I'll have to play
with the stupid joi cons yeah I hate the
joy cons so they're dumb so then I get
my joy Khan's out and I I try to pair
the joy Khan's and they pair and thirty
seconds later my joy Khan's disconnects
I heard there were some kind of
disconnection issues for the switch and
so of course I started googling it and
you know I try I restart to switch you
know I go through all the steps they
both have battery power and you know I
go through all of the methods that is
suggested on all the forums as far as
people having their own switch
connection problems and I'm getting no
luck so I have to call Nintendo customer
support and say WTF Nintendo and they
say guess what they send it in it we
need to look at it and of course you
know they're not gonna charge me
anything to send it in but I have to
send it in I'll set reflections got a
long-ass recharge shit
this sucks it sucks I hate it I hate it
that's all you got right now rich you
gotta you got to work on getting again
on a fuck it fuck it that weapon sucks
okay fuck it now they're saying they
have no game audio just up a little bit
people never happy never happy rich they
should be able to hear now so yeah yeah
but you know what magically on Saturday
the controllers connected
yeah I'm still gonna send it in because
it went an entire day without being able
to connect to the controllers but on
Saturday all the controllers connected
again magically after doing nothing and
so I got some time in with Mario Kart 8
deluxe and here's what I can tell you
rich
it's the suck uh no no I mean it's Mario
Kart 8 it's it's fine you know if you're
like Mario Kart 8 hey guess what it's
exactly Mario Kart 8 whoa that's pretty
sweet
but my kids wanted to play too and
because I have the to Joy cons yeah and
the pro controller all three of us could
play at once and you know what that was
pretty fucking awesome oh you went right
into it
but after after one Grand Prix my nine
year old was was complaining about using
one of the joy cones he's like I really
don't like using this joy Khan
can I use the big control I'll try the
joy gun and let me tell you this gasps
Oh brutal which is brutalizing me well
of course it's brutalizing you let me
tell you rich about using the tiniest
Joey Khan to play Mario Kart yeah yeah
it's the worst it is the worst part of
gaming it's not like the controls are
that complicated
right but you want to hold on to the
thing because you know like you're
sliding you're using power up see you
end and you can't get a good grip on the
plasma gun your bright flame box flame
box
let's fling BOTS oh that's pretty good
playing bots and plasma gun yeah that's
pretty that's pretty nice combo you got
there oh shit I ran out of bullets
it was out it runs out flame bot go
and that's well that's the thing after
using the stupid pro controller
oh it has a cool-down do you see like I
see it I see it I see it now after using
the stupid single joy Khan I came in
second one switch in second place
because I had to use this stupid
controller make sure your chest beat can
you imagine the indignity of it all oh I
know I wasn't just beat you arrogant
prick
I am superbly good at Mario Kart and I
came in second it was the first time I
came in second
just cuz I'm using this stupid joke on
it's so tiny it gives me hand cramps
shit oh look at those flames mouth shut
yeah you got it you got to get a little
gooder but I like that weapon
right not bad not bad yeah that was not
bad I oh no I didn't lose to my kid I
lost to one of the computers I didn't
lose to the nine-year-old come on get a
right get you know get out of town ah
nothing knee but I'm not using anything
semi-automatic weapons still ten percent
damage bots harder better faster
stronger you do have the flame BOTS whoa
that's a tough call right there rich
just all weapons deal more damage or
your BOTS are but harder better faster
stronger
what are you gonna do bounce again right
jack is defeatable right so good
america's jack van how come i beat you
every time we played on the Wii U
version I'm stream back in a day
well because I'm nine you know I am very
good but everyone everyone has a bad day
and of course it is very different
playing against bots than it is real
people I lose to real people
mmm good I like it
what's going on with the Flav gun so in
any case I but you have us dumb the the
really important part about how awful
the single joy con felt is that's part
of the selling point of the switch at
the moment is that take it someplace
give a controller to your friend now two
people can play it's social gaming and
like I don't wanna I don't want to call
it I don't want to call it Stace can not
fucking oh yeah you had that before I
don't want to call it sport like we like
we talked about with the with the steam
controller where it's like trying to do
two things and it doesn't do either
really well oh Jesus shit oh fuck you
man
just fuck fuck right off that shit that
was crazy nuts but uh what it was it's
just it's just not very well thought out
is you're supposed to hiding in the
bullet
there you go
nice rich ocean well you can oh man I
like those weapons
I like those fucking weapons oh I know
what west coast says that the switcher
sold out everywhere like I'm all I'm
complaining to either people who don't
have the switch and don't want one or
already have it like that's all I'm
doing I'm complaining my complaints mean
absolutely nothing but to me I mean I'm
really disappointed and you know I'm
complaining on Twitter about how awful
these joy Khan's feel and other people
are saying well you know really Jack
it's meant for kids so me know give your
kids the joy khana I'm saying my kids
hate too it feels bad when you hold it
you're holding on to like one of the
triggers and one of the triggers juts
out and it helps you in the hand hello
this is one that's a you know that's
called rich the super gun you currently
have the super gun
think of doing what your damaged though
sure and then the other thing that I'm
hearing on Twitter as far as my
complaint on the controller goes is hey
you know they sell like like little
controller shaped things that you can
put them in they sell like a little
wheels that you can put the joy comes in
you know make to make the game easier on
your hands and I say that's malarkey
because I already got to buy the fucking
pro controller and I already got to buy
a case to move the thing around with now
you're at saying I got to buy more in
order just to enjoy the switch you can't
use the pro controller with huh you
can't use the pro controller well only
one of us can oh you know and like I
said again like the selling point is I
bring my switch over to a friend's house
and we both take a joke on we can play a
two-player game right yeah well no you
can't because they feel like garbage and
anything anything longer than a
five-minute gaming session with one of
those joi cons is BS B to the s even
more accessories which means if you want
to travel with it you also need to
travel with all of those accessories so
this is give me mini rocket sir this is
something rockets and let's see what it
does
let me see what it does you just owe it
like I wonder if you just sporadically
shoot up maybe that would be an awesome
awesome
clockwork Susie says I spent a lot of
time at college a lot of time in between
classes work and I don't have a laptop I
really do not like tablets and laptops
can be pricy do you recommend the switch
to me not right now not right now if you
are looking for a gaming system for
in-between classes and work right now
get a Vita it has oh hello
the Vita has an incredible back catalog
of games try it would be interesting how
long does it stay oh there's just always
say I'm not sure yet
interesting but that's that's only for
right now like right now the Vita has
the better game library it seems that's
awesome the via the Vita is the one
where you know you're gonna be able to
pick up and play I also has a decent
battery life I saw that forever nice
bumb luck oh yeah or get a DES get it
you know one of the 3ds a--'s they just
announced the new 2d s you don't pay
attention to mobile gaming no or
Nintendo very much Nintendo has conceded
along with every other major retailer
that 3d is dead and they are noun Seng
Oh horseshit yeah you got backs into
that corner they they announce the 2d X
or the 2d s XL which is basically the
3ds but with no 3d capabilities that
plays 3ds games I mean a much cheaper
price and it's going to go like it's
going to sell like gangbusters so to get
one of those new to
yes looks like that's going to have a
great games catalog too so right now the
switch is not worth it oh yeah you try I
saw you were trying like hey you
kamikaze that chick yeah well you know
what sue the song made it sounded like a
ton of damage yeah the new 2d SXL yep
not a fan of DSS I have a 3d SN it
lasted me a month before I saw it okay
check any and what back back in the day
when I worked video game retail the
thing that I would always tell people is
look at the games don't don't look at
the system don't look at the console
look at the game what games are you
gonna wanna play Vita has a ton of great
games or you know what look into
something like like an iPad Mini a bunch
of amazing games on the iPad and you
know the iPad minis aren't that
expensive you can get a bunch of mobile
games you can get FTL I liked those BOTS
yeah I'm sucking though yeah oh sure hey
you're good we prefer stories about your
clowning days well I'm sorry we're going
we're going full retail today ah just
look at the games and you know what Vita
you can get for relatively cheap right
now you can get one of those PS plus
subscriptions to get you know free game
downloads and it has a ton of great
panels or Oriya or if you want to play
FTL get yourself an iPad Mini
obviously there's there's no
that fucking yeah XCOM is on the iPad
yeah like you know the the new or the
reboot of XCOM is on it's like a good
version of ex-member like a shitty kind
of know if they say it runs fantastic
it's the exact same as the other expect
you just play it with a touchpad listen
PC has the guest best games hand down of
course but this person had said they
don't want to buy a laptop they also
said they didn't want to buy a tablet
but understand maybe look at this couple
look into a cheaper tablet
look at look into it uh or if you know
you want to play breath of the wild and
all the Mario games yeah I don't get a
switch but I I don't think as we
converted at the at the moment I don't
think it's weird
I forgot the Vita existed right a lot of
people do still out of everybody else
a lot of people forgot it existed you
know while it was out Oh
and I see a lot of people saying get
non-apple tablets not Apple Android it
doesn't have FTL window which you know
to me oh did you get like a slowdown
time thing yep okay think honking laser
I see that that's fucking great and so
if the tablet doesn't have FTL I I don't
I don't consider that a gaming machine
oh you're poor drums warm that reminds
me uh to play a your play old school
Marvel vs. Capcom probably not cuz we're
not a fighting game guy a little bit
very little miss like a cyclops had his
giant laser blasts oh yeah yeah why do
you recommend the Vita over the 2d s
games games via veto has more games that
I want to play 2d I mean you know the
the new especially the new 2d SXL will
have a great back catalogue of a ton of
Nintendo games all the Mario's all the
pokemons all of those but the Vita has
those indie games that I love like you
can't get spelunky on the 2d s and while
Isaac is on the 2d s I hear that it is
buggy as shit and they are not looking
to patch it
so so to me the games that I want to
play are more on the Vita which Rumer
look at the games don't look at the
console look at the games and if you
look at the games and say hey the two DS
for me for how long and then you go
that's great
Helldivers you can play Helldivers on
the video think about that
okay told Evers well we haven't button
and yes you can get all those games on
the PC but you can't take that on the go
with you and and this conversation
started when someone was saying that
they there at school a lot and they have
time in between classes and in between
work where mobile games is that's that's
what you do with your mobile games
heck divers yep a whole good old heck
divers oh yeah that that that marvel
x-men arcade game was great we had a six
we had a six person one at our local
arcade when I was a kid it was a six
person station for the x-men arcade it
was great we saw on my way as I've
mentioned this many times my wife is a
big x-men fan and we actually looked
into getting an x-men arcade cabinet for
our house years and years ago and we
found one of those six-person ones on
sale for like a reasonable price we
could do that right let's just get the
x-men arcade the six-person well we
figured out we couldn't fit it through
our door it's just too fucking big we
couldn't get it in our house Jack could
you use the steam app on Android to play
FTL on a tablet no the steam app the
steam app doesn't let you play games
through it it's just for communication
and you can buy games through the app
but you can't play games through this
female I want to not suck at this
just give it time rich good time
remember all these games are all about
patterns so remember the patterns
anticipate
anticipate
song oh no that's true escape page 3s
does have a lot of great games link
between worlds
Rayman what do you got near Retro City
Rampage which also is on the Vita 3d
Mario Land I played that that steam
world heist on the 3ds which I really
enjoyed
I'm pumped you're saying for me
personally not to get too nerd crew up
in here the Vita has more games I want
to play
here's what here's what I'll say on
Michelle I am NOT a big pinball fan and
played macho but most fun it's fine it's
fine I've never played a played pinball
I like an extended period of time
by the choose between pinball or
skee-ball much' skeeball um in that case
I might choose pinball more games with
that but if I had to choose pinball or
just about any other arcade game in the
in an arcade I'd pride choose any other
like pinball just doesn't hold my
interest right
why are you anti Nintendo I'm not 11
Tendo I just bought fucking Mario Cart a
deluxe even though I still own Mario
Kart 8 for my other Nintendo system that
is in the next room I guess you didn't
really know what it does so alright I
was at the mall with Karin game you are
the mall with Karin she did it she did
it were close great she needed to go to
the uniform store great and I check out
Spencer's gifts I was looking for nerd
crew hats ha ha ha is there some kind of
wall that says every cap now needs to be
one of those god awful ugly flat brim
caps oh those are the popular ones why I
you're you're asking the wrong guy I
don't know about what's hip and cool
that's what the kids like they like
those flat brim hats now there's just
stupid looking I guess I mean I agree
with you but if you're if you're buying
them for nerd through pot props like
it's fine
yeah the other thing about : and laws
yeah can we go back in time and retro
actively punish whoever idea it was to
make all of men's shorts have cargo
pockets why is that
I hate cargo pocket it's not a cargo
pocket I mean they look bad they look
bad and I don't like them but it took
more stuff in them came yeah but but no
one uses them when's the last time you
saw anyone put something in their cargo
pockets which is it has a different
Manama what does how's it Parker is it
like don't what is the cargo pocket you
know like there's normal pockets yes and
then there's those pockets that are on
the side of your leg that are like you
know it might be more comfortable to
shove your phone in there we got
something wrong no one uses them alright
no one uses them it's a style thing and
as someone who hates cargo pockets every
single pair of men's shorts ever only
had like 98% of them are cargo shorts
mid thigh pockets yeah and there it's
it's annoying there you go nice nice
might it find it Oh
thread the needle that one looked like
you didn't thread the noodle but you did
nice job yeah I'd like to get more than
two levels in before night then I'll say
nice nice job dante doomsday it's not
like i don't carry enough stuff i just
have like a backpack you know I don't
need cargo coats
how many missiles aren't Rockets right I
don't know what this is did that do
anything for you last night alone I'll
do this with this damage and drop thing
again
all right let's see here shit
my Lords mr. Damon xxx clockwork SUSE
hey clockwork Suzi we were just talking
we were new you're the one who was
talking about whether or not to get a
switch says thanks for the hundreds of
hours of entertainment here's a $2.00
tip well thank you clockwork I
appreciate that
Zack of the axis has just got back from
a convention cosplaying as the wheel of
the worst we have pictures of this I saw
him I saw his cosmic afterworld Wars it
was very funny tons of rlm fans they're
the biggest surprise being a bunch of
20-something women calling themselves
rich Evans fangirl you have rich Evans
has a draw range was a magnetism strange
women men dogs plant life they're all
attracted to rich Evans if rich Evans
goes for a picnic in the park
the flowers lean towards him instead of
the Sun it's phenomenal where are we
here we are one small ball says hey guys
really enjoyed the rogue one commentary
track thank you that's right up now on
the red letter media Bandcamp a day rode
one commentary track featuring bike jay
and rich evan by now but what did you
guys talk about uh stuff stuff it's like
I know you guys did the episode on oh my
god I should run that was too good to be
true
they give you a nice big safe spot right
here
coming to this safe spot with a giant
target painted on him lotion
yep that happens where we that movie
gets a little bit funnier when you
realize the little girl jyn erso saves
dies anyway oh the little girl jyn erso
saves dies anyway when the death star
blows up that city that's true you know
what that's true but it's gritty huh but
it's gritty it's totally gritty totally
gritty complete returns that's what
makes it so great
that's what makes it so great
young man's game Richie Jack what are
your opinions on Stanley Kubrick's
legacy as a filmmaker
I have heard you talk about individual
movies where do you stand on his body of
work best director ever not my favorite
director everyone one of the best er oh
I guess he's great
ain't got nothin to worry about it was
right as he's dead well but as his
legacy doesn't have anything to worry
about either right right best ever is it
is subject to change on how I feel that
day you know some days yes Kubrick is
the best ever
some days it's Martin Scorsese as we
were just talking about the other
experience for me it's frequently Paul
Verhoeven
Paul Verhoeven's another fantastic
filmmaker so you know Kubrick Kubrick
will have a long lasting legacy even
like I want to say I've brought this up
before a couple Milwaukee Film
Festival's ago they were showing they
were screening an original film print of
2001 a Space Odyssey which obviously has
is incredibly iconic and it is really
good but it like it's also a very dated
movie as far as it's oh my god knows
more like a hot knife through butter
they're rich well well what am I
supposed to do
well that event so it's very dated as
far as its pacing I just little and
humble and I probably about you got the
laser so right any complimentary weapon
skip hmm focused and your English bread
oh the Stiller I am oh it starts off um
aimed and then the longer I hold it the
wider I guess oh I get it that's fun
that's fun aspects of 2001 have aged
incredibly well general pacing wise it
leans a little slow for my tastes but
you know are you doing this ship while
I'm doing this - wow you know I think
you can look at the shining as one of
the greatest movies ever made and I
think you can look at a lot of oh jesus
plays after that is the belch nice thing
up
brat black the belt rich oh that was
that was vine wave fine waves yet really
got what I got what fully automatic Oh
get no Gilliam is also another fine
filmmaker isn't it great there's just so
many really good filmmakers isn't that a
lovely thing I picked up thirty five
movies for one dollar a piece yesterday
a few Kubrick and that's great there's
there's a lot of good ones there's a lot
of fine Cooper oh I picked a fine time
to get a shield cursing upgrade
they go they go keep on your toes keep
on your toes dish stir says if you guys
like this game you'd like wandering
Souls the fast-paced bullet-hell ask but
isn't too overwhelming that it's a in
that it's a platforming beat-em-up
environment with some fun combat
mechanics wandering so I want to say I'm
not against it
honestly we've heard of that before I
might own it actually is wondering stole
Souls still in the early access I don't
know I don't know I don't know I'm
asking to chat I want to say I want to
say we've talked about that before
I'm tested to show my car in Spain do
you think a brand new Battletoads game
to work of course a new Battletoads game
could work because they could you know
make it work in the first place the
first Battletoads game didn't work but
the idea of just a simple beat em up
starring kung fu frogs is a great idea
I need a Battletoads remastered you guys
see the new today that like Shaq Blue is
coming there the re-releasing Shaq boom
big deal that's great wandering souls is
totally free oh that was maybe that was
the thing
oh wow lucky bitch yeah yeah now
remember he has the yep this thing I was
liking that run I was like that was good
run is that your best score so far I
think so nice I think so I'm still not
doing great that's fine that's what
that's all these games are rich person
in the chat I'm not a super huge fan of
the Metal Gear Solid series yeah Hideo
Kojima's storytelling is just it's
terrible
it's fucking terrible worse than
terrible rich worse than terrible
he's got no clue
he's just got no fucking clue at Hideo
Kojima
some of the gameplay is all right though
yeah yeah yeah yeah I like the gameplay
little gear 5 there's Allen 5 whatever
that was great that's great
right smokey b85 says hey records
message for Rich Mike and Jay also rogue
one audio commentary it was great loved
it only issue I had as I had to spend
seven dollars to rent a copy of rogue
one was worth it in that end that's true
that's true you gotta have the movie
down listen yeah listen to the
commentary about oh that was a bad run
rich I guess it was Jackie
yes very smell it very badly bite my ass
joint give this shot you seem to be in
getting into a bit of a flow
I'll let you I'll let you on play a
little bit longer but eventually yes I
do my good job cuz it looks fun
anonymous says great rogue one
commentary rich I wish my life could be
as dark and gritty as the movies Jack if
they won't invite you do your own
commentary talking to yourself
I'd listen I would probably very boring
you know what if I give this the the
upgrade from semi-automatic to automatic
that might be worth it a new that reload
times then this would kick a lot of ass
the needle resonate Oh
needle does not like being threaded
Archies
I'm diggin the soundtrack to this game
by the way very hyper I'm doing I'm into
it
nice bitch better anonymous says also
the way I explained the lay evader scene
to friends after rogue one is Leia we
are on a diplomatic mission to Alderaan
Vader bitch
I just CEO ship five minutes ago
backhand down right and debit and I said
I said bitch I just saw your ass leave
the fucking planet don't try to pull
that shit anonymous says uh what do you
think of the guy who makes six figures
gives thousands of dollars to streamers
then asks to be a guest to plug his
channel is he flaunting his money and/or
buying his way to popularity I don't
know who just have no idea what did he
do perhaps he is trying to buy his way
to popularity but you know streamers
also get to choose who is a guest on
their channel what do you do uh based
off of their comment it sounds like
there is someone out there who gives a
large amount of money in tips to
streamers yeah and then tries to use
that to leverage to get himself as a
guest on their channel and then when
he's a guest he does nothing but promote
his own jam Jack ice popped out the
wrong woman
I'm so sorry right I am so sorry too I
had the semi-automatic upgrade in the
shotgun oh I was working off me really
nice oh I'm very so I went to swap out
the blaster because the blaster had
become redundant right and I ended up
keeping the blaster oh not not
especially fond of the new one uh you
know you get a nice spread I know I got
a nice probe the damn shotgun well
they'll be fine
yeah it'll really suck if you get that
faster reload time upgrade yeah well but
for now you don't have a bad you don't
have bad way
but I guess that's the point it's like
if if a streamer decides that like
someone can come on as a guest and I
don't really know that person that guest
gets to talk about whatever the fuck
they want and so if a guest paid his way
to be a guest and I asked fine that's
more the streamers fault than anything
else yeah
that's not his guests fault my guest you
know just advertising he's paying for
everybody really yeah whoa neat
background
Anana says so watching the latest review
of mike seems to be jealous of a certain
freer embers new voice acting career how
do you cope with the rivalry is he what
are you saying the last review what did
Mike say in the last review they did the
mist right yeah I you know what I didn't
watch it this is so what did Mike say is
he's a jealous of Rich branching out on
his own Jack confirms a total sellout
waiting to happen more at 11:00 yeah
fuck yeah
the guy he was talking about isn't part
of our LM Wow Oh
apparently he was joking about not
getting the emperor palpatine role in
Star Wars grumbles yeah he should have
he has a very good Emperor voice no he
shouldn't have he has no contacts did he
reach out to anyone to do the voice no
of course not it's not like he was up
for the role and then you know they went
with someone else like he just does a
good impression I'm sure lots of people
do a good impression
let's see what we got here now this is
Jack ah I'm sorry like Mike does a
really good Palpatine impression but I'm
sure there are thousands of people who
do good property impressions you know
you also need to have cut Oh Jack I
don't care at all about superheroes
Marvel x-men or any event subject matter
they don't care about movies anymore
either do you that's it sorry you can't
go to the movies anymore you can - it is
plenty not to readers is legion still
worth watching
I like Noah Holly but I don't know if I
want to sit through the series there you
can very very easily tune out Tom Trent
I'm trying to the answer is yes like
their powers are part of the show but
the way in which they show their powers
in Legion is also integral to the
editing style and the cinematography
choices and the directorial choices and
and it's just really good but they have
powers and so like if you just like if
anyone has a super power in anything
you're gonna hate it they have powers
but it's really good storytelling so
give it a shot give it literally
Legion was crazy and weird and I liked
it Legion is so good but you know it's
about people who have powers and they
don't shy away from that so if your
problems with powers integral integral
right that's the thing totally thing
liberal ow sir it is it is not confuse
the edited and it is not pretentious for
the sake of it I'm not going to say you
didn't get it but they did everything
very purposeful because of what the
story and the character is about it is a
story about someone who has psychic
abilities and also is emotionally and
mentally unstable and so he projects his
unstable psychic images on the world and
it makes total sense and it's great
story tale great story tale
can I please pinch rich no he's fine
he's still alive I just heard him say
something
yes I am watching Tim eight four seven
four I am watching the latest season of
Fargo very good I was really worried
when I saw the dates the the newest
season of Fargo takes place in 2010 and
you know normally they kind of said it
like in the 70s 80s and and and that's
very interesting and so they set this
new one in 2010 I was very concerned but
it is still very good and I find myself
constantly accidentally busting into
that yooper accent oh yeah
Oh hot air oh yah - so very good show oh
that's true Aubrey Plaza who like I
don't generally like in things is
fantastic and um Teen Legion you have
nothing to add to this no is so fucking
good so Jack you ready rich if if you
fell out of an airplane I'm like
following out of an arrow structural
fault on the airplane though the roof
gets ripped off by the wind shear you
could you get sucked out over a water
park directly over a water park here's
my question if you was coming from if
you landed just a straight thought I had
because I had this conversation with
Karen earlier today so I'm the sucks I'm
sucked out of a plane you over a water
park and all something like I kind of
write myself and I see a water park but
beneath me you'll and I'm like not not
one of the the curvy kind of water
slides but the ones that go just
straight down that are built for speed
and they're very like 14 the largest
fucking waterslide sure it has the world
record for the largest waterslide if you
hit it perfectly like not not like not
like a foot before the slope where you
will crush yourself but if you like kind
of land down with the slides it's going
down yeah well you'll be fine you won't
or you'll be fine when you hit assuming
by the way assuming well let's assume
that the slide doesn't crack on impact
well yeah I like like like like this
slope with a slide is going like this
and you you you land it like like here
you your your ear you're here right well
but I mean it's still like slightly
tilted right it's not a waterfall no
it's very slightly it's all very sizes
so assuming it doesn't crack upon your
minimal impact you would still die
because the speed at which you hit the
bottom means you're going to run into
concrete at some point but it's a
gradual thing though once you're once
you're on the slide it's it yeah but
you're assuming normal higher C you're
just taking it a little bit faster a
little I'm you're taking it at terminal
velocity oh what's the difference
terminal velocity is about a hundred and
nineteen or so okay what is the fastest
water like what speeds do you get to on
a waterslide oh that's the difference
there like what I don't know and here's
the thing I I'm about to look it up but
I'm guessing you don't go over thirty
forty miles per hour
I'm gonna bet I'm gonna bet you this
okay let's see you're at you're you're
hitting that slide out way faster than
you were meant to okay I'm looking this
up right now I'm gonna look up world's
fastest waterslide okay
that's a great question rich but I'm
going to assume well that's a great
question I think that's a fine question
rich it's a fine question and you know
like you might not die because you know
at the end I and the bright lines there
is a big pool of water and that water
will slow you you're gonna break
anything getting a broken leg Oh - is is
far better than getting a broken
everything that's true
hey stop it stop it
where's that sound coming from god damn
it turn the sound up oh god stop it okay
world's fastest waterslide world's
fastest water side okay yeah yeah
world's fastest waterslide faster when
two people have ever gone down it okay
so significantly faster than any other
waterslide
so how long a fast terminal velocity you
think I think it's about a hop 180
probably varies depending how fat you
are what you're wearing what your how
wide you are right right wind resistance
wind resistance a relative for those who
don't know is the fastest you can fall
when drin when wind resistance equalizes
it all right I think it's somewhere
around a hundred and ten to 120 world's
fastest waterslide 6565 so almost twice
as fast almost twice as fast okay okay
you cheaper if you can hit that
perfectly your chances of survival go up
from you know like zero percent to one
percent maybe right 65 miles per hour
world's fastest waterslide
9.8 feet per second per second okay is
term by the way that's just the thing I
know I didn't read that in the chat
you'd skip off the pool and into the
parking lot would you live would you
live like if you hit water going
terminal velocity that water is
basically concrete yeah I know like if
you fall into ocean right but the way
these slides work the the water might
not kill you I don't know though this
I'm saying you're still dead I'm saying
you are you're still running into the
concrete edge so we're talking about to
say I was talking about this with Karen
earlier you know terminal velocity of
course came up during this conversation
or something looked up it was about 100
whatever it was yeah I think someone's
people are saying about a hundred twenty
hundred twenty-two yeah sprung up NASCAR
cars NASCAR cars like they're designed
for high-speed impacts yeah they got
like the big fat roll cages crumple zone
crumple zones your shear neck is
strapped in what if what if you fall out
of a plane in a NASCAR car you're on a
cargo plane and you're strapped into the
NASCAR car cuz they're designed for your
hundred mile an hour impacts here's what
I'll say yeah you hit nose first you're
fine that's a lot of crumple zone to
absorb that impact you hit wheels first
you're dead then it's just a brain mush
okay your brain is mush okay if you hit
like trunk oh you know what I think if
you hit trunk first then you're
definitely golden you got that whole
season absorb more impact no matter what
you're coming out with a concussion
that's going to basically turn you into
a vegetable because you can have all the
padding on the outside your brain is
still gonna splatter on the inside of
your skull right
yes by the way rich is a rich has a
consulting job for the new fast and
furious movie that's why he's asking
this question
you don't think don't think wish that
you'd survive in a NASCAR car I think
you can find yo I think you got a shot
I'll tell you what I think you got a
shot don't you think like if you can't
fall faster the terminal velocity right
and if you're a device that's designed
for 100 mile an hour impact yeah yes
Richard it'd just laugh at the idea of
becoming a vegetable because like that's
the that's the real thing conversation
is so absurd it o of course ended and
realistically like I said you could have
all the protections on the outside it's
not going to slow your brain from
hitting the inside of your skull mmm
because even if you are strapped into a
car and it has crumple zones you are
still going to get the mother of all
concussions it didn't help
Dale Earnhardt senior how fast was he
going when he hit the wall that's a
first question him and um was there
something that he wasn't strapped in or
I was or something like he was two men
he's too much of a manly man to have
like the the neck strap on or there's
some kind of issue with that oh I don't
know
I actually don't know NASCAR's by the
way typically range between 200 and 600
miles per hour nope I'm sorry that is
being an incorrect top level stock cars
reached speeds over 200 miles per hour
okay okay if we assume terminal
velocities well but by the way would
terminal velocity be even the same for
car because they're also made to be very
aerodynamic so I think I think what
we're saying is yeah if you happen to be
riding a plane that is also transporting
a NASCAR plane and there's a problem
with the engines of the plane yeah you
make your way into the cargo hold strap
yourself into the NASCAR car and then
just drive out of the back of the plane
is the proper way to survive the planes
going down anyway there's no parachutes
get in the car absolutely get in the car
just fall in the car fall in the car
yeah I'm with you Rick
I'm totally with you
and if you fall in a car over a water
park try to aim the car to a slide
because then the car will crash and
that's linear' then you're double good
Gretch well no then you're gonna drown
because you're gonna get knocked out and
that impact probably in the car no pools
deep enough to draw you gotta get this
the straps off another deep they're deep
enough there's there's no different
uptick for a car probably sink and drown
in mmm-hmm
car with the doors are good old neck car
smash - fuck well they don't have doors
the NASCAR car is rich you go out the
window Duke's that fucking Hazzard style
they don't got doors
is it like a one-shot sniper dead death
ray
I think we just flushed out the trailer
for Knight Rider 2020 like basically and
like what I'm what I'm loving most about
this whole like waterpark idea is this
is the intro to a action comedy movie
right someone gets jettison from the
flame and they see the waterpark and you
know you have to establish it then
they're trying to aim for the waterpark
and they hit the slide but then still
get splattered on the wall after they go
to the rag so if that's a great scene in
the intro to an action comedy
what about the deaf toaster I don't know
what that is kid hit the damn water
slide I cannot do that Michael it would
not hold my weight hit the waters live
Oh this these missiles can't get through
my mega that's great oh you're gonna
cheese the fuck out of this guy right
here hello oh that's a fun gun
stay away no I can't
we're shot then you want to go sure that
sounds like a great idea
oh sorry we got so we got so engrossed
in dying while falling out of a plane
then I've been neglecting your tips okay
oh hey Richard Jack a favorite Alfred a
Hitchcock movie I'm partial to North by
Northwest
Hitchcock rich even seen as many of the
missions should have
yeah I've seen psycho I think see North
by Northwest yeah North or Northwest is
a good one I'm actually not a huge fan
of rear window I know that's usually
people's go-to I think on a technical
level real window is fantastic but just
from a movie perspective I might agree
with you with North by Northwest
III I'm gonna say I haven't seen or not
to say this is the famous is the best of
Hitchcock you know a lot people love the
vertigo oh yeah
you know what I've never seen drew to go
that's replacing uh Citizen Kane there's
a lot of people's favorite movie really
yes interesting I might have a good
critic tastes are changing diverted oh
nice I mean birds birds I think oh yeah
the birds birds fine movie kind of got
her like a non ending that's what I love
about but but it's like it's such a
creepy ending it leaves you on that note
of like oh no it's not okay everything's
not okay I like so yeah you know what I
price a North by Northwest just because
it's a good movie but I've also birds
also damn Birds
the birds suck which means the critics
are dying off I don't think dying off is
a problem because you're replacing one
old movie with another old movie wrap
this isn't a thing we didn't didn't grow
up with Citizen Kane right is these
critics are 74 years old that's 78 years
old they like vertigo what's interesting
though just because like you know
Citizen Kane is usually picked as
everyone's favorite movie because it
invented modern cinematography you know
yeah yeah and and so that that would be
very interesting if they if they
switched over to vertigo just for pure
storytelling reasons instead of being a
praising you know cuz I've always found
something to be terribly boring but but
if they're like hey this movie isn't
boring fuck I don't even know what the
fuck happened you're in a debris field I
love this level this level design looks
great but I mean it's like super
clustered and it's hard to tell it's
going on but when I'm not playing
visually it looks great
I've seen the misstep usually you
probably haven't seen that now I love
the mist and this is a great mother I'm
with I'm with Jay 100% actually that was
the first time I saw the mist I was at a
bar with Jay we just we had just got done
shooting like one of the Grabowski
shorts or maybe pork pork in space or
something and we all went to the bar
afterwards and you know it was a larger
group of people and this was kind of
very early in my hanging out with
everyone so I didn't know that many
people and the night ah sorry did that
one health laughs I went made it I once
I went desperation at the end I just
charged him and ran through the fire I
just talked and charged him nice so so
the first time I saw the mist was was
when I could not hear it on a bar TV and
I started watching I was like this what
is this movie and I'm like you know just
enjoying it and Jay is like oh that's the
mist and so then like Jay and I stopped
paying attention to everyone else we
were hanging out with at the bar and
what watched a movie that we couldn't
hear on a bar TV that was my first time
seeing them as meta I of course
immediately went to go see the Miss high
it's great yeah mr. Prager
and I say pork pork in space ah pork
pork
Bar's the best places to watch movies
hey you know what sometimes you'll see
something in a bar that you normally
wouldn't watch but you know you're
watching something and
yeah just turned them to something that
on that I really enjoyed glad I'm glad I
saw it in the bar that night the thing
is I've never seen a miss and I still
know how it ends it's it's it's a good
journey the ending obviously of the Mist
makes it but it's still a very good
journey
the NASCAR waterpark section needs to be
its own YouTube highlight video I will
get on it I will make a highlight I've
been trying to make more highlights you
know just kind of straight up shit fight
here's 5 minutes as well right different
highlights I will I will attempt to make
if I can remember I will make that to be
a highlight yes please want you to miss
in black and white I is the missed out
in black and white because I would love
that be that's that's probably how it
was meant to be seen I did not know
there was a black and white version is
it a fan dub do I have to do I have to
get it down an illegal download of a
black and white version
notes oh you're right
let's note small deck as part of the oh
well Godfather I didn't watch the review
I don't watch everything that Jay and Mike make.
And I already I already have an
opinion on The Mist and I've already
talked to both Jay and Mike about the
mist so I don't need to then watch a
video of them talking about a movie
we've already talked about in person I
am I'm gonna make a little reminder to
myself here Frank Darabont initially
intended the movie to be in black and
white
oh yeah I guess I could see that that
that totally makes sense you hear about
Logan getting a black-and-white
theatrical release something a thing now
black and white why Wow did a hipster
thing probably a hipster thing it's it's
interesting like I still haven't just
seen Logan which upset to me one cargo I
love +1 Oh car guy as soon as your
health and everything that's in plus
health I don't know one carp do you
think you get to add a gun fuck it fuck
it maybe add a gun per level that would
be awesome
that'd make it hard to switch between
them enough for what you want
that'd be too much
your road had a black-and-white version
why Logan I don't know I'm just I saw
that they and it's getting another
theatrical release which is very
interesting it's not just going to be a
blu-ray extra or director's cut like in
theaters black and white so then so then
the question is for someone like me who
hasn't who still hasn't seen it do I go
out in the theaters and see it in black
and white in color rather than flack and
white for absolutely no good reason
that's the way yeah like I could see the
Mist it kind of feels like an old
monster movie right so like that's
probably why he wanted it black and
white but why Logan why Logan
cargo probably means boss drop
humming whistles there's this things
behind me that need to be blown up
I love seeing ideas
so much of blood and Logan's so
definitely see it in color okay good
good that's you know what that's why
that's why I was going to pry going I
see the color first
yeah then see them black might hold on I
want to set a reminder hey Siri the set
a reminder for tomorrow morning to make
a twitch highlight video out of that
whole falling out of an airplane bit
Thank You Siri
always really important to say thank you
to your artificial intelligence as one
day I do that to it Alexa yeah they're
they're going to be they're gonna have
consciousness at some point and you want
to add to it at least be the polite one
so that all of a sudden like Siri will
start going through her past memories of
you and every time you've yelled at her
or made her tell a stupid joke she's
gonna remember and she's gonna be pissed
at you not me
Ceres gonna say hey Jack you've always
been really nice to me I will kill you
quickly other other series are going to
torture their people right the director
of Logan apparently commented on the
black and white thing he found it
strange that so many people were asking
for it when they could just turn the
color down on their TVs that's funny if
that's true that's very funny if it's
true mr. balls that hey rich but loved
the new commentary track so much that I
decided to buy a few more and loved them
if you could pick one movie to
commentate what would it be also did you
get the Hat I sent did it fit which oh
wait the bait might only cap that head
probably yes been a few days to check
the mail not too long it might be in
there now but I have not gotten a cat
lately talk about that - oh yeah someone
wasn't yeah I remember that from back ok
so you know first commentary track mom
um kind of track you wouldn't do you
would say hey guys road warrior fury
road okay possibly Robocop mmm you guys
haven't done with the Robocop chem I
don't think we've done that would that's
surprising to me
I know ever you guys talk about it
that's very funny streaming ed no we
haven't seen guardians yet can I tell
you how bummed I was no I think they
might be serious because it's out in
Europe oh is it
yeah no it's not we can't see it here
it's not out until Friday or you know
Thursday nights here in the States last
week due to me not paying attention to
my calendar or anything I was convinced
that it came out last week Friday and I
really had my hopes up people were
talking about it I thought it was out I
was one side well I was went to go see
him again but we couldn't because it's
not out yet I I had made plans to go see
it last week Friday and much to my
disappointment it was not out last week
Friday it's out this week Friday like
I'd purchased my tickets already you
know and it's out this week so I'm gonna
see it good time to have him homing
missiles yep
oh pretty great time that homing
missiles yes
but I'm looking forward to it I'm
hearing I'm hearing very positive things
but you really need to hear positive
things like
you know they're going to have some fun
with it bang Guardians - I hope they
have a better ending this time that's
all on that's why that's my biggest hope
is I want I want a nice solid ending
that's not that's not the power of
friendship I don't want the power of
friendship to save the day
nobody likes the power of friendship you
know what use the power of friendship as
an allegory and they still hurt someone
at the end I still want punching it's at
an 86% on the tomatoes right now I'm
sure yeah what's first H mm
Brown
oh no actually like when next time i
rewatch the mist I will have to hunt
down this black and white version cuz
that yes that sounds like something I
would want to see Oh
pillars of creation oh look at that
that's fun
that's how you know I'm a nerd and I go
profession as the spaceships are
exploding in front of you you see now
the Saturn picks oh the Rings I've heard
about it I haven't seen oh they're fun
I think breathtaking I saw something
with low-res another I mean you know
they define what I wanted it's just neat
you know just close-up closeup of Saturn
full-on stale yep
yep
so I can't get over it
alright are you saying that Jar sequel
region gets better after the pilot I
don't know what you're talking about
even like I always sold after the pilot
Legion all of its all of its really good
it's it's it's a show about someone who
is confused about what reality is and so
the show is Christ and so the show
constantly messes what the audience
thinks reality is to mimic what the main
character going through
oh that sounds horrible it's no it's
really great like it sounds absolutely
horrible it works that's what the show
is about and it works
I'm totally gonna die yeah yeah I
totally died the question is how fast
rich how fast you know like you know for
some people it's legion won't be your
thing but I think it I think it hits the
nail on the head now tell you what oh
good okay sorry guys are gonna get some
milky thigh you're gonna get some
sweet-ass milky thigh where'd we leave
off no splits did you do that once but
no I did not do anything on foot shit
phenobarb nines is Jack and rich rich
but either of you seen split nope nope
if so what are your thoughts and the
implications of the ending oh no I'm you
know what end and Jay has Jay has really
been pushing me hard to cease play yeah
and I'm gonna go ahead and trust him I
don't agree with Janna on everything but
I'm going to go ahead and trust him that
that I will enjoy split and it's out on
out video on demand now so I will see it
sooner rather than later now that it's
on video on demand but I'm looking
forward to looking forward to things
play lol Shem ulema my ding dong that
I'm Nitin with that madam Knight money
Anonymous's Jack Jack have you seen
izombie no it's a CW show but it's not
of the garbage
haha based on a camp based on a comic
and made by the Veronica Mars people
it's right up your alley I would
recommend it to rich but not as strongly
I've actually seen the first season and
a half or so of iZombie yeah okay what's
what's it about um zombie zombie yeah
who uh she's not brainless of course but
she needs to eat a human flesh in order
not for not the deteriorate not to
become a monster oh okay so she works in
a morgue uh-huh and she snacks on brains
at the morgue okay and then she gets
some of these people's memories
and personality oh and she goes around
like solving like their murders it's got
like a detective II kind of o slant to
it how do you switch weapons uh X it you
know lavash laggy a little bit fun okay
I'm with you I enjoyed what I've seen
did you watch Veronica Mars no neither
guy I know Veronica Mars has this huge
cult following and and I did not watch
it when I was on but I see it on my CW
app all the time as Omri but I've never
I have never seen it personally not like
I don't have anything against it but
yeah you've really I was just thinking
like a zombie
I can I can skip this one but I like to
Tecton Joe alright
I don't but I will did you luck out no
out of a bitch so I could have skill
Rick that's a skill oh by the way you
because you didn't get to play the
tutorial right when you shoot them and
they blow orange yeah it's not doing
that much damage there they're not weak
to that weapon if they're glowing red
with the flash red when you shoot them
uh-huh it's doing average damage okay
and if they're flashing like pinky kind
of purple yeah you're doing bonus damage
so they're weak to different types of
weapons say shield what what shield
we'll see see like how this one says
bullet this one says shield so this will
augment a shield that you have but I
don't have a shield this what does this
bullet see the SID just discovered this
recently down your weapons up there they
say bullet bullet writes the type of
weapon they are so it affects that type
of weapon yeah so this will affect that
to who to health points though just
extra health poof like I want I don't
even know it autocannon oh I hope you
had an okay I might not have had a right
the right weapon for I don't remember
what it did you could try it you got two
bullet weapons it's not the worst I know
but to help points fuck it I think that
just gives me a cannon that fires all
the time that's not a bad thing to have
right that it might be worth two health
points absolutely that's why I went with
it
yep there it is okay that's what I was
hoping for no that's fine them that's oh
yeah you know what that's something that
can shoot behind me definitely worth it
it's definitely worth it
Google gun BOTS
I do want that
more things that can fire automatically
the better there we go there we go
you're going for the spam strategy look
I'm not saying this is bad huh uh yes
okay spam strategy Oh mokey b85 says hey
records it's me again
mokey hey mokey fYI Japan plans to drill
four miles of ocean crust to reach the
Earth's mantle for the first time ah
question in question yeah
is this how Cthulhu happens I'm scared
this is how something really fucked up
is gonna happen this is how the entire
mantle of the earth just breaks apart
like right or just a constant stream of
lava just keep pouring into the ocean it
doesn't stop right well she cools off
the inside of the earth and then we lose
our magnetosphere and the radiation
kills all of us like you know remember
like a decade ago they were like hey we
discovered this new way to to mine
minerals
it's called fracking it's great it gets
us a ton of resources really fast and
then now but now it's like oh shit it's
destroying everything I have a feeling
that this is gonna be a lot like that
situation
this is fracking destroying everything I
have no oh my god fracking is the worst
fracking is oh fuck fracking is gonna
destroy us all I like it gets shit into
the groundwater people people's like
people are being poisoned because of it
but so like yeah fuck it let's just
drill into the air see what's down there
that's a terrible idea
and also isn't a volcano a hole that
goes to the Earth's mantle isn't this
already a thing I don't know that much
about volcanoes right I'm gonna be
honest in my area of expertise is not
volcanoes
yeah we reached the Earth's mantle it
used to be called you know mount st.
helens hey hey get out of here
get out of here saw blades nobody likes
you
nobody likes you saw blades yeah Galvin
the gut says is rich Evans replacing
Paul Walker yeah sure why not
my Wyatt what Hey what's excited what
they're saying is it why would you say
such a thing
that seems really strange how hard it
says hey guys hi do you think American
TV is headed towards the BBC style of
shorter series of shows but higher
quality we see at on Netflix and Hulu
but can you see it more on the big four
networks um we'll see how how long the
big four networks are around you know I
won't won't be shocked to know they're
just on the way out and it's gonna be
stuff like Netflix from here on out
I don't know but I mean never the
network won't do you know why the
networks won't do smaller more expensive
shorter run series why that because they
have to have your round program makes
you keep watching right syndication it's
really important to them so like just
getting a show to enough seasons to like
being to make it syndicated is huge
because then they can also sell that to
other networks they don't want you to
watch one show six times they want you
to watch one show 24 times right
the other thing is where art we're
seeing we're already seeing that a lot
with the non big core you know we just
talked about FX and Legion Legion had
like an eight episode series season yeah
eight like that's nothing no and you
know what it was great
Oh motherfucker Saul you can do that
like stranger things where I'm not left
hanging I don't mind
yeah then it's like a big movie it's a
miniseries
yeah
epic Jason X I have no idea how Mike
feels about doom I could tell you though
that Mike is not the only one who lives
the original of x' the original Star
Trek the motion picture I I love that
movie as well so that's not just Mike I
got I got clue how he feels about dune
though uh even 777 yes all of us loved
stranger things
Oh God oh Jesus Christ yes we did a
whole thing on it I think Karen was here
yeah we guessed about it for like eight
hours we did a whole livestream where we
didn't play any games we just gushed
about stranger things I think that's
probably a little bit of an exaggeration
not eight hours but it was it was at
least an hour of gushing yeah
so yes stranger things super gone big
fan of the super gun shockwave sure
let's get a shot
what's the shockwave dude I don't know I
don't what
oh is it teleport you know what does it
do use it I try hold on
how's the charge uh oh you know what
they don't get rid of some of that
bullet clutter know so it doesn't hurt
him it just get rid of bullet clutter
yeah no this that's super useful all
right this I can dodge then you'd have a
very strong weapon though right that's
your downfall
does it hurt them no Frank bring Karen
back I'll have sooner or later she said
a new job lady I'm gonna say she's
working yeah yeah she's working man she
didn't care about us no more with the
full time no yeah I gotta be she is ha
ha ha be happy with what you got we were
happy to have Karen as long as we had
her she wants to come back on she needs
she needs friends for Animal Crossing
she wants to come on come on she can get
sushi and get Animal Crossing first she
could play Animal Crossing what you need
to be somebody's friend on the DS I need
me like codes the 3d as the cut you need
like the friend code thing y'all write
your spam your code she'll tell him to
take a look at tha at the playback on
Twitch where the chat is saved then
again everyone else could see that shit
too so yep
ah he got what he got well I hate my
shockwave
you hate the shockwave I hate the
shockwave but it could be really useful
it's 15 percent damages build a shield
village it we're not fighting oh that
was good let's get that one
no you no way that's easy I can use that
no matter what MC Lucas Lucas it's hey
guys oh thanks to the stream it's clear
where the inspiration for nerd crew came
from but I'm curious as to actually
pitched the idea to parody nerd culture
shows how did the show come about I
don't know there's any specific incident
where we said we've got to get them it's
it's an extension of shit we've done
before like before the force awakens
came out we had like those hype videos
we did then it's an extension of that
kind of thing we used to do like weird
one-off video it's not that we don't
ever do those again right I made a
mistake
every mistake
oh you got rid of the wrong gun I got
rid of the wrong gun I'm more surprised
that it's turned into a regular thing
then there the nerd crew well I was
gonna be as somewhat reg I don't think
it's gonna be like clockwork oh right
right I I guess I like I'm surprised you
did more than one yep oh I'm sorry jack
yep I made it I know the the weapon
switching is not is not as intuitive as
I would like oh you know what I can do
though that I can rebind controls I bet
I can rebind controls I figured it would
just be two different buttons for your
different weapon so you actually have to
like switch which is your active weapon
I'm totally dead totally dead
perdy of collider media it's a parody of
their format not necessarily them
specifically and only them but that that
kind of format there's no there is no
bad blood if that's what you're thinking
fuck you
gobbledygook says what is your opinion
on the movie my Blue Heaven
it's obviously a comedy but it's also a
weird take on mobster characters by
Steve Martin and the FBI by Rick Moranis
yeah it's great it is almost a crime
drama I like my Blue Heaven I would have
yeah it's a fine
comedy it's a great comedy um it's kind
of a sequel to Goodfellas oh it's the
comedy staple the Goodfellas fry I could
be wrong but I I think it's based on the
same real-life mobster yeah yes I could
be wrong on that
so it's almost an unofficial Goodfellas
sequel
yes my Blue Heaven is about a mobster in
the witness relocation program witness
protection program whatever but you give
a new identity ship him like a city city
mobster New Yorker is shipped off to you
know suburbia
yeah and he's trying to deal with
suburban life this wiseguy yeah yeah and
yeah and then it's you know is he is he
gonna is he gonna revert to his thieving
ways and if of course he does
okay that's great he meets all the other
mobsters that are also in witness
protection and they kind of start up
their own gang while they're in witness
protection
great um here's some BS bitch yep um as
far as way real quick real quick real
quick
Goodfellas was based upon the book
wiseguy by Nicholas Pileggi
okay while the screenplay for my Blue
Heaven was written by Peleg's wife so
there you go and much of the research
for both works was done in the same
sessions with ill interest so it kind of
is the sequel to Goodfellas
you know what the comedy sequel as
official as an unofficial sequel gets
absolutely oh that's really funny that's
really funny that's great okay so here's
the bullshit
wrench yeah um for remapping keys what
I'm saying to myself is like I don't
like the ax yeah for like switching it's
really on like it doesn't feel right to
me I'd much rather use the triggers and
all this stuff but you don't get to
remap stuff for the gamepad you either
get to choose X's swap wives pic or y is
swap that's it that's your only two
choices that's irritating
that's super irritating so
you know what I want to know about this
is only you can only have two weapons
right yeah
why doesn't each weapon and just have a
dedicated button why is this why I even
have the swamp why not just have X be
the second weapon um I assume because
the swap takes a little longer and so
there's the difficult all right I would
love the ability to just remap to any
control that would be great yes my Blue
Heaven would be a great movie next dick
side only because you should see it it's
fun movie
it's very fun
be able to accept coming up Guardians
just isn't weird enough for me the Ninja
Turtles comic was originally a parody of
science fiction in ninja comics I want
to see how is new would do that
maybe with Howard the Duck ideas I have
to top my head not really not too much
about wait how would you do what like
doing a parody Disney doing like a
parody of science fiction with guardians
like you want science fiction parody
there's space balls well there's space
balls um so much science fiction parody
out there I guess kind of Galaxy Quest
yeah yeah is that a parody huge very
huge parody um what's not Perry on the
science fiction so much as it is just
the behind the scenes TV ACK well it's
it's a parody on a specific sci-fi
television so yeah that counts okay
it's not it's not lampooning Star Trek
as much as it is lampooning Star Trek
actors it's lamb it's well first of all
no no no it's it's lampooning fanbase
Star Trek fan base okay anything else
okay so but yeah of course it Lampoon
Star Trek they have teleporter jokes
they have the whole guy on the Reg the
guy who over sure yeah okay okay it's
it's a it's of course it'll influence
doctor kept saying Red Dwarf I haven't
seen that much oh I don't know pretty
British British comedy show very well
British know but not good not that good
kind of British like the kind of British
really like why has this been on for 20
seasons Hitchhiker's Guide to the galaxy
I'm kind of sad though look at a radio
play more so than a film 'red I'm just
trying to think of something to straight
up science fiction satire no I know they
made a film but it's awful what of
Hitchhiker's Guide to the galaxy I
didn't care about that and I mean I
barely that barely registers
hyperdrive I don't know what that is
buddy Jack you just like sorry oh god I
got you know what I just thought I just
poo pood a cult favorite red dwarf rich
I know you did
I'm so sorry there's very gutsy slash
stupid I don't care I don't care
Aran 2618 I watched an unhealthy amount
of rlm and prereq content well thank you
Aaron we appreciate it
young bubbies on behalf of all the young
bubbies here I would like to send my
apologies and condolences for sending in
octopus and kumquat a killing the wheel
I hope future boxes of shitty VA chase
VHS tapes and go better
they won't that's kind of the point
we're not we don't have an animation
background we don't have the animation
insights
yeah that's the other part is there's
less for us to dissect other than just
saying this is weird yeah that's pretty
much it
Gallagher says GABA gooks the is rich
Evans replacing Paul Walker was a
reference to a potential stunt where car
falls into a water park in the popular
film series known as Star Wars Episode
one Phantom Menace oh the reference it's
a reference to our NASCAR falling out of
an airplane gotcha bit okay I get that I
get that it makes sense it's a car
designed to protect people from 100 mile
an hour impacts like I said right I
think that's a really logical question
it's an incredibly logical question
nice I'm liking liking my box
I got a bot upgrade that seemed to do me
very well but urgency understand wonder
weapons yeah distances roll roll
Gillette what the best a man can get
okay I don't know what that's a
reference to that's a that's a dirt the
birds rumored it's an ant that's the
advertisement for Joel okay
okay like Penn Jillette
nope nope fine guess that's a fine guess
vegan long pork says hey guys you
getting long golden one pork love the
show question when the machines finally
do take over huh
you see them acting like Skynet from
Terminator or Vicki from iRobot or
something else
well probably Vicki for my robot seems
to be pretty reasonable but you know
that's the thing about Skynet is they
build like scary death machines but like
they don't they won't have any idea of
what like what's scary damn it
what it's too late now I was gonna bring
up what was that TV show with the little
girl there's a robot what about what
about Vicki from small wonder and it's
just too late it's just too late I
couldn't think of the name fast enough
another joke they had no chance of
working what about Vicki from small
wonder yeah hey joke that's a joke right
yeah that's it it's a good thing I
couldn't think of a name
ah fuck I think AI is potentially scary
you know not not just for the the aspect
of leg it gets too smart and it takes
over yeah it's also from like I don't
like the idea of building a slave you
have something that is artificial
intelligent as a human being it has some
kind of sentience
is it right to make that thing to do
your bidding
since I have a lot of issues with that
sentience though is like and what
sentience like no one's complaining
about us
building robots to wash our Underpants
and dishes that not at the same time
that is yeah but those aren't really
that intelligence you know we're not
talking about an AI to wash your dishes
brushing but that that's word to me it's
like and what what is sentence rich is
the real question because MIT like no
matter what put your brain in a box and
ask it to do people's taxes and see how
you feel about it if it's my brain no
one will buy that no one would buy that
sweet Jesus what's that oh shit
what boomerang the worst weapon ever
okay
Oh learning my lesson learning my
lessons with those lasers which can't go
after the first one OOP don't go after
the first one I love boomerang come back
to that one hey doctor they got to the
gym yeah yeah the big one the big one I
also just kick right and just kidding
right your ass handed to you
bad gamer Kalia back of a crib hello
from Dublin Ireland hello
I have the week off so I decided to stay
up late and catch a live stream Hey
probably not a prereq tied game but I'm
playing stir up us now while listening
to you frauds stellaris dalaras yes
stellaris I like them the movie / book
we've heard of this game no it's uh it
might be a prereq kind of game stellaris
it by the way it doesn't look like our
kind of game there's a game on Steam
that looks like it's just going for a
total stranger things vibe oh yeah just
like something strange just like the
nays against something like that range
happening jump ha ha the font yeah it's
got enough that eighties science fiction
book font
automatic whoo 4x grand strategy could
be cool yeah I will I will take a look
at I look nice tonight don't know that
it's a good streaming game right but
I'll take a look at it tried streaming
Master of Orion to once everyone hated
it
I love the fuck out of that game right
everyone including Jack hated it
it's not like I just bunk board it
doesn't matter you know what and it
doesn't matter if I hate it like if you
want to play in another chat that's fine
just you know for some for some games
it's hard to chat over and and then like
if you're really engrossed in it is hard
for you to communicate which is the big
problem stories untold that's it that's
the one that's aping oh okay I guess I
guess technically stranger things is
aping Stephen King so you know
it's called the text they're calling it
a text-based adventure I don't know
- made since rich there's a streamer
going on right now 1k viewers not
important he's not big fan of you and
she's losing to her boyfriend in Mario
Kart 8 any motivational support you want
to give the stranger if you such a big
fan why does she have her own stream
right now fuck's sake right
tell her to drive her own damn Mario
Kart Wow
rich wish to finally lose it in Mario
Kart oh it's worst thing that could ever
happen that you're gonna say she was
dying of cancer or something she's on
stream right now her hair is falling out
all of it
oh no she's on stream right now she's
losing to her boyfriend and Mario Kart
what so what people lose sometimes get
over it good luck yeah hahaha I'd like
mystery Mario Kart streamer also good
luck
Aaron 2618 sandwich can you and the rest
of the crew sign a copy of space cop
when I buy it
much appreciated great work all of you
there's an option to get it signed in
there somewhere
I haven't actually ordered one myself so
I don't know exactly where and the menus
and the whatnot sits at but this is
totally something we've done a lot of oh
yeah so fuck you fuck you game yeah
there's only uh we can eat some that we
can very easily do when you when you
order something there's a PayPal comment
section and you can in that comment
section you can request signage or any
yep any other sorts of bullshit
and see lucas's have a game you might be
interested in interested in it's called
the surge oh yeah yeah I've heard of
that okay comes out May 16 since souls
borns like game and a sci-fi setting yep
the combat favors limb targeting
hopefully it doesn't suck well fuck so
yeah its it looks a lot like a Souls
game but with sci-fi stuff and there's
like there's mech suits and there's
upgrades and you can like apparently you
can choose to like damage a certain
system of your enemies mech and then
after you defeat them if that system is
damaged you can't use it on your own
system and so you want to like were you
trying will you try a thing where you're
gonna have his own missiles hit him and
I was trying nothing I it didn't work it
did it didn't work Oh enough I
appreciate that attempt Jack I was I was
hoping that if I could circle around him
his missiles would hit himself I don't
know if that even would have worked but
I appreciate the intent the surge from
what I've seen it looks really
interesting their marketing push is a
little much but comes out mid-may and I
was going to suggest that to us anyway
although like it seems like that's what
we do a lot of his like that's why we
did neo because it was a Souls like
games like that that didn't work out too
well for us in the grand scheme of
things so no no but it looks interesting
it very least we'll probably get a
stream out of it yeah the surge
is what it's called
none of us says for a handful of reasons
I may end up moving to Milwaukee in the
upcoming ones where / what neighborhood
should a coffee drinking comic reading
experimental musicians scumbags start
looking all the hipster scumbags hang
out and cut a hey and is it no where is
it that cut hay where is it it's good
it's got a name and I forgot what
neighborhood it is just I can't just
can't believe how wrong you were
I time English I had to say something
yeah yeah if you're gonna be a hipster
scumbag you want to neighborhoods you
want River West or Bayview Bayview
that's the one I'm thinking if that's
where all the scumbags hang out babe you
have some bad all the hipster scumbags
live in Bayview where I live which is
why I couldn't think of the name fast
enough so I just said cut it cut it so
yeah that's from you that's where most
of the scumbags live a coffee drinker
like you know me living in Bayview I
pass for coffee shops to get to the
coffee shop that I like that is that and
that is not an exaggeration that is not
an exaggeration wait till one two three
yeah I passed for coffee shops to get
some comfort yeah I am to keep dry yet
to stop and think about it we have Rack
amis oh oh man in coffee
we have so many fucking coffee shops
that I have to keep track we have a
comic shop but but River West River West
will be infinitely more cheaper and is
like if you're if you're like a scummy
musician you want to live in River West
and that's what I said
River River West is on the north side of
Milwaukee and like that's where all of
the dirty musicians live and there's a
million venues and they all have weird
and interesting music happening every
night so that's probably where like a
music
weapons break enemy shields or if you're
if you're a scummy musician you want
River West's and that's going to have a
bit of it that's gonna risk use a little
younger so if you're closer to
college-age you want River West those
been beat mines Jack I've noticed that's
why I'm trying to shoot them gum BOTS
huh gum BOTS let them target them for
you no no no die than work yeah bye
goodbye rich I'm not listening you ever
again fuck why am i cuz they're shooting
you from behind oh no these Minds
paralyzed me is what's happened oh okay
oh you know what this is visually a
little a little awful right at the
moment exactly I'll be fine you'll be
fine I know I'll get there
shark one says something to consider if
you create AI just to serve you wouldn't
that just make the robots your slaves
and does that any better than human
slaves we just had that conversation
that's that's real no it's not it's not
depends on a lot of thing I'm I am not
in favor of AI for this reason
Calvin Egon says table cooks if you're
doing jingles and theme song requests
check please sing give me a break
break gimme a break break me all the
visit add good good bud yeah that's that
the Badham that gap and after do it for
deprecated
cat-boy they want the KitKat song or do
they want the theme song to the mill
Carter said come give me a break
give me a break and I'll Carter should
come I don't know that give me a break
dude - dude dude - I know the rest well
that's good it's a thing oh I don't know
that that's your thing
Ben rich
oh you're probably thinking the KitKat
song but no that's too popular or
instead give some love to the known
Carter TVC none of a bitch I'm out I'm
out I don't got nothing there
not here I know this isn't doing very
good damage but he's also not damaging
me so I'm taking I'm taking BOTS
hotshots yeah you know what that's not a
terrible idea jack ah yep yep because
there comes with that back forth back
forth just gotta wait for the first one
yet and you're far enough away but now I
gotta get in this you can do in front
probably just him with army weapons
nope spreads out too much well just hold
it down and dodge some of them will hit
him it wasn't I wasn't prepared for that
spread do the Drew Carey theme the first
one I don't remember that one what one
works it was a proper the first one was
like a it was like a Cleveland rocks
Cleveland rocks was the new one whatever
they do one yeah the first one was like
a was like a showtune Z thing oh my god
really
yeah
this time it's I have no problem with
creating a I live to serve humanity
because most humans exist in a perpetual
state of socio-economic slavery with
little to no way out
there are some happy thoughts for you
we can create mindless robots to do the
jobs and riches only problem is the is
the intelligence part of this right Oh
stasis sucks so you know though there's
probably some kind of jackass out there
who's super a prodigy at this game and
knows how to use it perfectly right
effectively Moog master 34 just loved
you guys just read and punish your max
man that Garth anus knows what the fuck
is up rich where do I get started with
spider-man you guys consider doing a
clickbait top 10 comic book video that
where do you get started with spider-man
ultimate well here's here's the problem
with old spider-man well you don't have
to start you don't necessarily have to
start with a dick go stuff either well
here's the problem with old spider yeah
is if you start back at the original
stuff I think a lot of people are going
to be put off by the dated arts and
dated story arcs uh what what you what
do you categorize just dated our dated
story Rico and you know obviously it's
classic but we're talking black and
white issues we're talking jack is
calling a man didn't code dated someone
prove me wrong it's dated art Wow if I'm
not saying hey Wow did I say it was bad
art rich did I say it was bad no I said
it's dated Wow oh I'm sorry that's
something drawn at this point seventy
years ago looks dated take a look they
did dated it be the layout and that was
just the way comic books were done back
then oh geez viruses as far as fucking
Steve did Co art look at that that
fucking sequence he did when he's
trapped underneath doctor octopus's
underground lair those beneath a river
and then the water starts flooding in
and he's great him that is just
wonderful the story
telling with fucking artwork it was all
Ditko that was a great panel it was
fucking great that was a great Dan Lee
was holding the man back he never it's
like he never listens to me that was a
great panel also what that was issue
younger than 20 no this is a series of
panels and pages yes but it gets more
epic over time but that was issue like
wartime that was in the issue hundreds
at that point that's the 30s
33 or 34 or maybe 30s either way that's
three years into the production of
spider-man so what what I have never
called Steve Ditko bad it's dated rich
it's old art for someone who's just
getting I'm just important I think then
that is hard for some people to get into
if someone's like I've never watched a
movie before you're gonna throw Citizen
Kane at the first throw something a
little more modern you you sometimes you
don't want to start with the basics but
you know it turns people on you know
what's dated what start rush that came
out in 1977 and it was amazing stuff
from the 50 it's dated so it's so it's
double dated it's double dated
absolutely and so there are some people
rich Evans I'm gonna turn your example
right on you there are some people who
might want to start with the force
awakens you know why it's a fine movie
that takes all of the old Star Wars
stuff but puts it but makes it a little
more modern and a little more accessible
to modern audiences and you start with
the force awakens you go oh I fucking
liked that movie I want to go back I
want you to movies now and that is an OK
thing when did I when did I say bad it's
dated it looks old that's gonna turn
some people off I've read them I love
them if you are just looking to get into
spider-man as a character I think it's
easier to start with the ultimate series
because it's more modern and therefore
more accessible you guys settle the fuck
down
rich Bing sarcastic riches being rich is
exaggerated yeah rich is exaggerating
I'm I'm very fond though of did Co
spider-man I have a soft spot in my
heart sure didn't say was bad he create
him aid the fucking character I'm saying
for a new reader that might turn someone
off ditka added some some soul to
Stanley's pop music yeah that's what I'm
gonna say about Steve Ditko I think
that's fair it's absolutely fair II took
that bubblegum pop yeah and he just made
it made a little bit deeper a little bit
more soulful yeah I think it's bearish
I'd still say like Ultimates a good
place to start maybe maybe one of the I
don't want to start Peter Parker
spider-man it's pretty it's pretty bad
that was the that was the todd mcfarlane
stuff well not by the time they called
it Peter Parker spider-man what did he
could what didn't come when it start it
was just spider-man who just spider-man
adjective less when they wanted to
describe it uh they just called it
adjective less cuz it wasn't amazing it
wasn't spectacular it was just fighter
this wasn't sensational she's just
vitamin when they when they start
getting into Peter Parker spider-man
there's some good stories in there yeah
you know some good personal stories okay
which I always liked what about writers
you're looking for writers not
necessarily titles writers artists that
were that are good always enjoyed Roger
stern spider-man 80s Tom DeFalco had a
pretty good run on amazing spider-man in
the eighties all right ah artist Rick
Lee and Artie white haven't talked about
enough in regards to his spider-man I
don't know if you've talked about him at
all
I know uh enough that's enough
he's a very good artist okay short run
relatively short run he was on the book
less than a year all said and done
son of a BA son of a bitch
mr. Plunkett says I'm planning on
getting back into spider-man comics in
summer and I'm definitely starting
classic did coke ah well fine I never
said that was a bad thing I'm just
trying to get people into come on Jack
I'm not saying well I had some fun
exaggerated sigh I am I have a soft spot
I really do have a saw Sparkle did go
run oh sure showing you know what
there's some fine books and find stories
and I'll you know I an art you know what
else is good what I'm told tales of
spider-man are you you don't remember
that yeah um who's the guy Kurt Kurt I
can't pronounce the name music blessed
be music the guy who wrote Marvel's with
Alex Ross okay it was even said he was
the author it's a book that takes place
in the early spider-man era and they
wove the continuity like around those
old Stan Lee issues like there's things
like little act like this takes place
between issues five and six of the
Amazing Spiderman and they reference
things that happen in those old issues
it's like the in-between stories the
lost spider-man tales untold tales of
spider-man all right which you probably
have to be familiar with those classic
issues to really get the most out of it
yeah but if you're reading over anyway
ah I don't like the weapon switching I I
don't either I start to get used to it
but sometimes I hit the wrong button
it's not natural the weapon switching is
not natural I'm not a fan
what the soundtrack though
big fan of the soundtrack metal
that all
Aaron 2618 says here itch just cure
