If I had a WarHammer
January 18, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=017x4gC9nBE

we're just gonna chat for a bit I guess
oh you can change the text we can guess
I'm just gonna do that hey that's a
great idea rich why do you sound like a
game show host alright that's a great
idea welcome back everyone I got the
keyboard he did all right for Warhammer
40,000 Space Marine in there you know
I'm just a fool title just make it
really really tight yeah like Warhammer
40,000 and under we're doing the full
title great that's great hey everybody
that was very strange how the game broke
but hey there we go but here we go here
we go here we go
did anyone in a chat see the sense8
Christmas special I finally got around
to watching that which if you are a fan
of sensei is fucking phenomenal will you
haven't seen since 8 right no no I
fuckin love it
those white chaps keys do they know how
to visually tell a story just have it
hey thank you oh you like my shirt do
you like my this is this was a Christmas
present that I got myself it's uh it's
my Symetra shirt just put 40 K this is
funnier I'm sorry you sure oh no they
sell my shirt it's a symmetric shirt
from overwatch big robot hand I don't
know what Symetra is she's a character
and overwatch ok ok it's great they
still like regularly adding characters
don't launch is that how that works they
just added the character they're still
working on stuff they just added a new
map ok they just did their Christmas
thing they just they just had a big old
kerfuffle about a gay character you you
probably didn't hear about this because
you don't care about overwatch yeah
put out a comic book okay every once in
a while for like backstories for
characters and tracer the fast one the
the girl who's on the cover huh
is is a game she's one of the gays and
it was just like oh just part of this
Christmas story she had a girlfriend she
was buying a gift for ya okay great yeah
totally no big deal
could you believe me when I say some
people on the internet flipped the fuck
out yeah yeah
some people flipped out and then some
people flipped out over people flipping
out
no you just ignore the first flip out
exactly exactly
that's what most people did that really
got out of hand something you some
people it really got out of hand for
some people and it's fine you know why
cuz it doesn't change how she plays she
you know like you can still play as
tracer and she doesn't play any more or
less gay and then she was her character
doesn't have to automatically stop and
make out with a lady you know what they
added that mechanic into the public test
region into the beta and they took it
out real fast it was really awkward
because oh shit that's great
wouldn't that be the worst if your
character had to stop and make out with
everyone of the gender they were trying
to rock is that true people some people
were wanting refunds because tracer was
gay that's funny
it was the comic book was banned from
release in Russia because they had to
have laws against what they considered
to be gay propaganda yeah so interesting
everyone was expecting actually there is
a Russian character in the game a big
butch lady with dyed pink short hair and
everyone was expecting that to be it's
not as bad as Uganda Uganda I don't know
if I ever went through there there's
gonna be a lot to make being gay
punishable by the death penalty
Christian
what's the word I'm looking for
missionaries there hmm
have a lot of influence in the gays are
horrible gays are horrible he's doesn't
like gays right suddenly they want to
execute the gays we're doing God's work
Jackie O God O God's work absolutely
absolutely but uh yeah I mean they're
still we're gonna work I finally got a
chance to play I hadn't played in a
while on for watching I got a chance to
play the other day oh it still feels
good
still of that overwatch well we get some
tips here get to some tips Tia from
ragged scribe old news flashes they put
a doctor Grabowski in XCOM to well I
know that they put a doctor Grabowski in
XCOM - well that's fantastic
that's great the cracked podcasts put
you on their list of great things they
discovered in 2016 specifically half of
the bank great cool cool that's great
that's great we love it when people like
the things I don't believe crack didn't
discover us till 2016 there was a
freaking blanket reference and something
they did years ago
oh my first contact they mentioned the
blanket reviews well maybe they knew
about blanket but they didn't know I'll
take them about I'll take the plug well
you know maybe they're like oh if you
guys didn't know the planket guys do
half the bag you're kind of you know one
of those kind of things
atomic mousetrap says I watched Deadly
Prey forgetting you guys did it on best
of the worst the movie feels like a
90-minute set up to a punchline of
ripping that guy's oh man Deadly Prey
was great remember deadliest brain just
fine to her deadlier no deadlier bryant
was deadliest yeah I think you're right
gobbledygook says I'll tweet a pic
Friday for inauguration day but I have a
copy of the job of the hot art of the
deal comic next to Donald the Hutt's art
of the deal book best orange third party
gangsters ever the blue blaze says rich
I need your help
yeah the BBC is showing marathons of
Star Trek Voyager
and I'm not sure whether or not I should
bother watching it I've never seen it
but haven't heard good things is it any
good
no your jury in general or overall
occasionally Voyager rises to the level
of mediocrity hmm look if you haven't
seen it watch it and you'll find out and
then just stop watching once you've
decided yeah this is crap I think
there's some good in there it's very
little good there's it's very little
worth it it's not worth it there's
there's like how many episodes would you
say are good it was like out of seven
seasons what are they like five episodes
that are good there's a handful not it's
not worth watching the whole series for
the five good episodes a year of hell
this is the one where they did what they
should have been doing the whole series
which is what there was really tough and
they're low on supplies there what else
was good Welles was good I try to think
I'm trying to think rich but seven event
yeah she had boobs they get it and a
tight outfit I get it I get it she had
boobs and a tight outfit rich wasn't
there oh you know I kind of liked I
think we talked about this before not
these aren't good episodes these are
Mediate mediocre two fine episodes that
alien rate the hunter race who was super
into their holodeck technology and they
they they became like they tried to turn
the whole of Voyager into a holodeck
that was a fun it's a mediocre up so
mediocre - fine I guess what we're
saying is don't bother if it's on BBC
right now don't bother watch something
else
okay pawned 79 cents Jack I'm the
bassoon buffoon from Twitter I apologize
for sending us down the rabbit hole
looking for your bassoon quip
I appreciate your and the rlm fans help
here's $2 thank you pond you know the
the rough part was I can I could have I
remembered myself saying it blah blah
blah there's a bassoon and and so I knew
I had said it and because you had
planted the idea that I said it in the
best of the worst I assume that's me
true so it's it's there's just so much
stuff there's so much stuff where we
talk rich and people want to keep track
of it all what are the other good
Voyager episodes the Sarah Silverman's
and one I'm you know what I'm sure there
are a couple other good ones but no it's
space Jack 2084 says reguarding Batman
vs captain they met in a jla/avengers
with the predictable result they
exchanged some light blows to take each
other's measure then decided it would
take too long and teamed up without a
fight yeah this is one of those where I
think Batman has it
thinking about it more he's got gadgets
he's got more kung-fu he has the art of
deception gobbledygook did you see that
Sony is releasing a theatrical animated
feature spider-man movie with Miles
Morales this December I'm looking
forward to seeing what interesting
things
Sony helps fund so mild Morales made it
to the big screen before Batman Beyond
dead animated okay okay okay
so Batman Beyond is beatified in several
years they stopped releasing the
animated Batman films after masking the
phantasm which I don't think did that
well in the theaters oh yeah regardless
of what you think of it I don't think it
did that while the theatre's okay you
know there's no game yet it's
downloading it's downloading what's that
we're just talking about rain of
bullshit III think it's fine that zone
is releasing their own full-length
animated feature I've been so
disappointed with DC's animated shit
it's just not even not even the story of
the content which I haven't seen any of
them it just looks like garbage I think
there are animations there DC's new
animation standard looks like garbage
and I'm afraid that Sony's gonna pull
some similar shit and due to budget
restraints the Spider Man is gonna look
like garbage - yeah I like it you know I
like animation I want it to look good
I'm not particularly attached to Myles
Burrell's home care he's got some good
story he's got some good stuff I didn't
care enough to keep reading him as a
character he's just a stranger to me
right so he's got some interesting stuff
by the way Jack what and everybody yeah
what you do XCOM classic zero soldier
deaths congratulations hey take a screen
capture like final screen I posted it
through the steam yeah second second
comment enjoy diary to die a cholesterol
two years things just shit all over my
parade I deleted it big but yeah Jesus
Christ
some people are dickhead I know I know
just completely shit my victory
dickheads
months of trying to pull that off and
you did I did it someone can be an
asshole typical hey pickle first of all
courage congratulations thank you I know
you were working towards that and you
did it and you got the screenshot to
prove it that's the important part you
remembered to take a screenshot yeah
welcome to the Internet's yeah yeah why
are we congratulating rich rich beat X
come on classic difficulty and what is
classic difficult this is the second
hardest there's one harder difficulties
I guess is the third hardest four
difficulty levels okay it's a tough
difficulty level and I I beat it on Iron
Man which means no reloading your saves
deaths are permanent yeah and I did not
lose a single soldier or a country
either some damn fine XCOM ROM none of
your soldiers died which it's very easy
for you if you don't know that's why we
are congratulating him yes Jack trigger
Joyce I have written the feature-length
scripts nothing will ever happen with
them I have written them I enjoy writing
where is the pic it's somewhere on my
Steam I don't know how these things work
is it on this team I don't know how to
get a link to this is it on this team
there's activity I don't know how do you
find these oh go to you now go to
profile profile yeah
that's not go foul right that's you
should have post
it's your profile just anything maybe
not I think I just shared know maybe
community know how much I care about the
social aspects of steam yes that's a
friend screenshot so maybe your
screenshot is in here as well
no thank you
can you go thank you and see if you can
like just see your thread area oh all
right hold on wait right we're gonna I'm
gonna take a cheap a screenshot rich why
I just go into the OBS and where you at
where you at where you at yo 0 soldiers
lost that's the important one right
there yeah yeah 0 battles lost 662
aliens that's I don't know how it's good
or bad that's that's a lot of aliens
dead I'll tell you what but 0 soldiers
lost did not lose a country no that's
great there's a fine run a fine run
excellent work commander right in
between there I just just fuckin deleted
it because you jerk you hey you jerk 31
seconds we're doing great
we're doing great rich I feel like we're
doing great fake screenshot lol get out
of town
he did it not losing a country is the
hardest thing there is what people are
saying no not losing a person is the
hardest thing they're not losing a
country is easy satellite rush
my experience with XCOM is it's very
easy to lose people that's my experience
those Oh
Ivan's heist says here's my last two
dollars for you because I'll be dead
from cholesterol in two years there's no
time like the present to start people
just you know cut back on saturated fats
high high fiber vegetables we're talking
green leafy shit spinach greens broccoli
that kind of those kind of like dark
green vegetables and beans beans are
good for fiber or fiber move stuff
through your through your intestines
that means you're pooping more regularly
take the funny insult rich you throw
them out all the time there's a time and
a place you know that's the thing
there's a time and a place
count them calories absolutely get it
get it out of your system anyone can do
it I believe in all of you I believe in
all of you you gotta you gotta you know
cut down on the sugars which means you
know for people like me you got to cut
down on beer you gotta cut down on soda
you gotta cut down on sweets cut down on
fat so that means dairies that means you
know regular fats like yeah that guy's
got things in his head too
that's got to be it that's got to just
be a warhammer ahead thing the head
thing just God just a head thing
that's almost unless they get shot in
the head a lot that makes sense because
these are the people who aren't wearing
their helmets so what the desktop audio
came up again jumped up this this intro
is nothing at all like Arkham City they
were not influenced or inspired by
nothing alike like this Tapani what
happened my car do we usually have it
like negative three yeah right there's
good and then we will never like blow
out why are they switched I have no idea
I have no idea rich all right all right
Tiberius Kirk OBS has been very good to
us and OBS is a free a free piece of
software that that we have learned and
has been very good to us over the years
so we're gonna settle down about saying
OBS sucks I enjoy it are you not letting
me rebind to the the number pad
as you know is wait there your num lock
wasn't on is it plugged in
can you rebind double click to edit
keybindings alright gotta read it got to
read it up bring it up yeah Oh BL OBS
resets audio every time you open and
crash as much and confuses rich all the
time I know and you can't stream coaster
tycoon games there are some issues with
OBS but overall I feel like it's been
pretty good to us and it is a free piece
of software even though we do give them
money because I would feel weird about
not giving OB the OBS people money cuz
we make money off of it and that would
seem weird he is using a number pad yes
rich likes using a number pad for
first-person shooters so what am i used
to deal with it yep yep Jack hi I'm Jack
what Jack what you just saying my name
okay Tiberius I'll take that Oh B s is
adequate it sure is adequate there are
other there are other pieces of software
to stream with most of them either cost
money or and like actually some of them
cost like monthly fees you know like a
little bit every month to keep using it
so yeah there's xsplit and there's other
stuff but you know this is what seems to
work for us so imma keep using it why
can't I find that two thing no sin for
profit when Rich was playing dawn of War
two he had the full keyboard and now
that he's only playing a first-person
shooter he has the number pad so that
look like it's no what are you trying to
hit the one right above the eight and
the number pad the slash do you think
like it reads it but there's just not a
character for oh I want slash cuz that's
but oh yeah I'm just fine don't number
pad nine okay Master Chief we know the
title is going past the overlay on the
screen because this is a very long title
and so it's just it's just not gonna fit
in the box it's called the joke
well yeah there's two things in this
game there's fury mode and then there's
also a furry mode which makes it a
little weird but all right here we go
I'm gonna play a Space Marine guess
shoot some shit do it rich the grim
darkness of the far future there is only
war
I don't know what brought it up but I
was actually reading a bit about the
Warhammer 40k universe the other night
okay that's what brought the stream up
these games and it's an interesting
universe
it's weird an interesting universe in
what way what do we give me an exist the
backstory of how it got this way with
the weird religious thing where they
worship like a basically a corpse okay
Zeno's invasion in progress recommended
course of action war exterminate us
deploy capital weaponry they've they
have this technology but they don't
understand it anymore
oh yeah okay I like that concept maybe
they've used that concept another sci-fi
you things so it's it's completely
stagnated and when things are like you
know broken it can't necessarily replace
them oh I like that
deploying the ultramarine that's silly I
like it's silly but great the
ultramarines matching imagine mixing
dune with Lord of the Ring mixed with
medieval Inquisition that could be cool
it's Asimov's foundation series with
orcs that makes me kind of not like it
like why are orcs in space the space
orcs is what's weird to me I like my
aliens all alien II you know they think
machines have spirits inside of them and
they pray and do rituals yeah I like
that
that's fun I like the idea of someone
praying to a toasters golden brown he's
got two of the things
his head oh that must mean he's he's a
cab double + good
there's also demons and space hell and
it's metal as fuck I'm done with metal I
think this is probably the only game in
the series that I could probably get on
board with as well like a first-person
shooter yep so you know we'll see how
Rick likes it I played before actually
liked it oh okay
years ago when this came out I actually
have been applying it okay the end boss
is terrible though the end boss is a
QuickTime event everything yeah pretty
decent pretty decent yeah any ramen
updates what that it's delicious and I
eat it all the time I eat it all I can
is it good there's a good ramen place
like 30 minutes away from me and there's
a good ramen place like 20 minutes away
from me neither are optimal because I'd
love a good ramen place walking distance
but one is easier to get into so I
usually go that one space orcs one got
so far the other day it's pretty good
forgotten I forgot how good Phi's
oh it's third person
third person first person Oh reloading
is a thing not usually usually reloading
the thing fuck yeah I'm getting used to
my controls here I would love that I
would love ramen everywhere there we go
if there if there was a if there was a
ramen place within walking distance to
my house and there's a lot of
restaurants within walking distance my
house I might just not eat anything else
for an entire week and just that ramen
every night cuz I love it so hard after
that week I probably get you know a
little tired of it but mold man move man
why do I hate I heard you like ramen why
do you hate fun I love it
you're gonna walk the places I don't
know what Locke says yes ramen is this
my diet sorry I just found this I don't
remember what I have bound to what but
that's all right yeah I think that's
what this that's what this level is
about rich you learn the controls wait
wait wait wait wait
we're done I have stung here well you're
out you just done your kind of bat-knife
so I can see the arrows next to combat
knife number pad five for an execution
to jitesh into a mall in Singapore and
they were like for robbing joints right
next to each other we're so good oh
Jesus
no I know you know you go to certain
places like like LA and you trip over
ramen places but here we got to we got
to ramen places one out in the suburbs
and one that's like crazy hipsterish on
the north side of downtown and it's only
open weird hours certain days of the
week and there's always a line outside
and I'm just not cool enough to go there
so I go out to the suburbs
it's also very easy to find dudes in LA
yeah
buff dudes in LA stays or she I've never
heard of she she I don't even know how
to pronounce that
TSH I Chi you have different combos for
melee weapons you got to switch up the
stuns and swipes and then you get like
doom and you can execute them for HP
rich okay
your beard must be this low oh there's
my there it is figure it out
off to kid peers well good luck reeling
that boy robbing taco heads and I had
something at the far estarán that was it
was kind of like it was kind of like
foie but without the liquid portion of
it without the soup portion of it and so
it's just like this pork sausage over
rice noodles with a bunch of other
different flavor combos it was really
great but it didn't have like it wasn't
in a bowl it didn't have a liquid
component I'm a big goofy orc on that
big goofy gun with like the big teeth on
the back it is you know what this game
might just be silly enough to be fun
that J to perform a combat role
TSH I'm - T is she okay
she she is a joke from the Star Wars
review oh is it
sorry I probably watched the Star Wars
review but I probably didn't just cuz I
knew I agreed with you guys over our
dislike of the Star Wars so I don't even
know if I watched it for DK is silly
which is why it's hilarious to me when
people take it so good to him seriously
yeah I feel the same way about Star Wars
Star Wars is also a cell universe yes I
don't know if it's this level of silly
with like you know orcs in space there
are four salamanders Jack there's what
for salamanders we're in Star Wars there
are four salamander for salamanders yes
Salman is oh sure yeah you're right
force vampires they're a giant fish that
force ghosts there's a giant fish that
like pilots a whole spacecraft yeah
you're right you're right it's a silly
universe it's a very silly universe
Jack and rich Star Wars fans in denial
we we but I I don't mean to speak for
rich Evans but I enjoy some of the Star
Wars movies I don't know if that makes
me a fan I mean I'm a fan
I enjoy some of the Star Wars the first
you were pretty I'm good Jedi is
adequate where it needs to be even how
you know what I'm on record I'd like the
force awakens I'll stand up for the
force away the prequels relatively their
budgets are the worst movies ever made
the force awakens was his characters
don't suck haha and rogue one was that
Star Wars you got a rich I'm with you
I'm with you most of the way III know I
liked force awakens a lot more than you
did but yeah
the characters didn't Sun hmm that's
what they needed to do after the
prequels yeah they needed just a game
they needed to give us someone we cared
if they lived or died
mission accomplished boom kylo Ren
interesting character yeah he's a fun
bad guy yep yeah I know this is
something you mentioned a lot like it's
fun that he's kind of a fuckup bad it's
he's not a clone of Darth Vader but he's
trying to be everybody's kind of a party
he fills in it and that makes him
interesting agreed agreed
I forget who said it in your in your Rob
one review but whoever whoever mentioned
that rogue one felt like a big-budget
fan found yeah is the most OnPoint
criticism of that movie if you've ever
seen any like YouTube shorts of people
doing lightsaber fights stretch to
stretch that out for two and a half
hours and you got rode one these people
take this very seriously
never got a fox point there's a laksa
there at Peking Chef I can't remember
the last time I've been up the Fox Point
I'll be honest with you I don't have a
name button you what
yeah a name button Jack puts a name but
a button I would hold to it I don't why
does it most very well I'll deal with it
yes that actress for Jin she was a
charisma black hole but also she didn't
know character to like be drawn to
either she might be a fine actress but
they didn't give her character anything
to do it's not gonna let me rebind
doesn't mid-game yeah I want to switch
my stun with my aim button I got a
feeling I'm gonna be using stun a lot
and the aim it's like a sticky aim so
you don't have to hold it down it
doesn't need to be it doesn't need to be
in the most comfortable position gotcha
and that could be true hunchback to
happen Jack it was I mean there were
script problems she might never seen I
don't know if I've seen that Felicity
Jones acting anything else so I can
comment on her as an actress pick up
Volta
there we go
there you go yes yes blow up space orcs
daddy likes it got weird moonlight is
greater than lala land
I have a feeling I haven't seen lala
land yet though I do really want to
because I like musicals you know I just
wasn't I just wasn't that into moonlight
I one of those slice-of-life
kind of no real story but you know deep
character piece movies that I'm just I
just don't care about that's where I
came from
no no no there's new people you're fine
so the acting is great and you know I
just don't know I just don't care I was
so bored with moonlight
this game is neat yeah yeah good this
looks neat this looks like a good game
so I would probably prefer lalala and
better just because I like musicals but
I can appreciate all of the really good
acting in moonlight I can they like they
got it they nail it those characters
those actors uh those actors embody
those characters that was that was great
great acting I personally need a little
story I need a little give me a little
story give me a little bit of a story to
latch onto and then when lights good
it's just not my thing
I'm officially done with Space Marine
all right do it
blow it up blow it up
now you know some people some people
like to go into a movie and just you
know paying attention to one thing like
I mean though the cinematography that
was the thing with like The Girl with
the Dragon Tattoo did you ever see that
now like some of the most beautiful
cinematography you are seen it will be
gorgeous
wonderful camera movement wonderful
wonderful lens as art statement but the
story is so lame it's basically like an
episode of CSI oh dear
move you dork you dork that one yes you
dork why do you want cutscenes with
story in movies but not video games you
just called him a dork he's a dork who
kills orcs
my name is dork the orc killer Slayer
Jack
the orcs lair or you know Dan or killer
Yorick Slayer I am sir dork the orcs
lair I want to see someone get one of
those things in their head
you know do we get to see that like how
do you earn a dot on your hand that's
what I'm most curious about why do these
guys have dots on their is it like a is
it a rank thing yeah that's what I'm
assuming I'm referring to the American
version of girl to dragon's head to the
David Fincher film
that's my only good voice that's my
favorite voice that's my Lionel voice I
love that voice that is de voice I like
doing the most that is my line though
from pork pork and space one of my
favorite voices service studs are meant
to show how long they've served huh I
want to see is is there a scene where
someone gets the stud where I get to see
the process of how the stud is put on
their face I would love that
I just picked up floating skull robot
ooh is that good yeah I'm assuming it's
great great
Oh apparently in all of Warhammer lore
there is no scene where we get to see
someone get the dot on there really
what are my opinions on Jim Carrey I'm
okay with Jim Carrey I don't like him
he's annoying rich doesn't like him
thinks he's annoying I think he's fine I
remember
fuck man I remember in living color he
was the greatest luma but taunts nice
I'm weird yeah I love so I love them I
love them
I mean Ace Ventura was a was a mainstay
at the at the Packard house Pet
Detective and then he got a little weird
and a little creepy but I liked him I'm
gonna get a cure says hey again guys
your ramen talk got me thinking what's
the weirdest grossest food you've eaten
I tried a ball at egg once and threw up
so fast google it at your own risk
lol nerd box subscription you need
anything super weird me no no and I know
you have food allergies weirdest thing I
ever ate was a jalapeno popper Jack
right I've eaten bugs the we've all
accidentally eaten bugs at some point no
no they like it was like mealworms fried
up I'm not sure I'm not shocked and you
know what they're pretty fucking good
that same party had chocolate-covered
cockroaches and your wife had to kiss
you afterwards did she did she did she
make you brush your teeth I'm sure not
directly afterwards oh no actually she
wasn't with me
that was our I was I was out of I was
out of state she was not with me when I
was eating bugs
I've eaten lots of weird shit bugs are
just tiny lobsters right uh yeah I I
mean weird meets weird animal meet
kangaroo alligator that sort of stuff
oxtail
which is delicious
I'm trying to think of like the app the
prod bugs is the absolute weirdest
button like you know octopus raw octopus
that kind of stuff
so mod that actually lets you wear a
helmet you want it you want to be a
grunt that's one of my people you're not
supposed to shoot at much you know you
got this badass armor they just leave
your head exposed again riches because
you're an important character
how else are they gonna know you're
important I understand that they're
gonna be an ax be an important helmet
like it could be also like I love how
you know this older guy has the red sash
on his yeah yours has a little more
ornamentation the new guy doesn't have
any thought into their into their world
here unlike Star Wars have I ever been
hunting yes I've been hunting have I
ever killed anything hunting check you
know what that is that looks like a
chainsaw art it's a chainsaw sword well
there you go or just a chain sword
when did this come out in comparison
with Gears of War and how pissed were
either of the fans
well the chains
warhammers been around longer this game
hasn't been around longer than Gears of
War okay
Warhammer has and I'm pretty sure their
chainsaw swords hadn't been a part of
Warhammer since well before and years of
war okay yes the chain swords vastly
predate Gears of War there you go there
you go rich have you been hunting no
okay I don't think I can kill an animal
like that yeah I don't know if I could
anymore like I've been hunting and
nothing came up because like if anyone
has ever been hunting or is if cutely if
you're curious about like what hunting
is mostly it's sitting around in the
woods and waiting that's most of hunting
looks great this is fun this is great
so I've spent long periods sitting in
the woods waiting for animals to come
and kill I never killed anything ever
ever since my grandmother's a dog died I
haven't been a I came I came in squash
him a bug right rarely I will a mosquito
is really annoying sure but like a bug
in the house I'll try and capture it and
put it outside before I kill it I don't
think I could handle a deer nose pootle
fell off the back porch broke its back I
found it after I'm not sure how long oh
but it fell onto concrete yeah and its
front paws were gone like this had a
blood coming out of its mouth in the
back was just completely paralyzed yeah
ever since ever since then I I can't
harm a hair that's that's fair an animal
that's fair
you know what that's fair you know I my
family came from that background a lot
of hunters a lot of guns and then I was
a butcher for a while as you all know so
the the butcher where you'll meet
cutters I was a butcher yeah actually I
actually cut up the animals I was the
chicken guy I cut up the chickens at my
butcher shop could you handle a pig I
could probably get pretty close I could
at very least like get it into chunks
for the next guy a button
I was the chicken guy so I know I can
still to this day disassemble a chicken
pretty pretty viciously yep but so the
prospects for me hunting you know like
not only taking out a deer but bleeding
it properly you know like that kind of
stuff was interesting to me Oh what are
those guys and doom the little red guys
that charge it yeah he looked like that
the pinkies the pinkies they look like a
pinky he blew up it was a suicide
I survived a suicide pinkie yes yeah the
difference between a butcher and a meat
cutter is one knows how to disassemble
an animal and one knows how to take a
big slice of meat and turn it into
little slices of yes one one can take
apart like a big like a slab of beef
like you get a side of ribs and you
could turn that into like strip steaks
and whatnot
the other can take a whole animal from
fur yep and render it into steaks right
and you know both are equally useful but
so like a butcher will take a cow and
turn it into big old chunks and then
those chunks will go out to meet cutters
to turn them into individual steaks is
how it usually works
rich apparently you're being insensitive
and suicide pinky is not the preferred
nomenclature for that particular beast
remember this is a big universe and that
thing has a name what is the name of
that thing it's a suicide pinkie it's a
Susan okay great perfect jack will only
eat animals he butchered himself oh man
I would love that I would fucking love
that there was nothing greater than
working at the butcher shop and and
taking home meat that I myself cut up
that was great I knew it was fresh I
knew where it came from at the butcher
shop we would visit the farms that had
the animals you know I'm like so we
could you know take a look at how they
were fed that they were treating them
properly to make sure that I meat was
his quality it was great it was great
not that way this way sure I just you
know there you have to respect your meat
though you can't you can't get your meat
at the shitty farms that treat their
animals like shit because then your
meats gonna taste like shit and respect
it
respect the meat respect to your meat
it's what gives you nourishment
seriously I just had dinner but now I
want steak yes Ari whoa
kick him in the face after it looks
great you want right mm-hmm that's right
no no you're on a roll you go ahead I'm
just I'm just here I'm not greedy
I'm just saying I might pick this up for
myself
we could do a retro review still
thinking Project Hornet is a Jacke
cooking show oh also we might remind me
that there's a project Hornet update but
I can't tell you but I can tell rich
after the stream is over nice okay
gobbledygook says probably too late to
try tonight but I just gifted you Space
Hulk
Deathwing the lessons the turn-based one
the ladies which I'm actually interested
in yes and greatest Warhammer 4k
first-person shooter oh shit there's a
whole this whole thing I had to do and I
didn't do it there's a new first-person
shooter rich and says it will push your
graphics to the limit though hope you
try it well I thought the Space Hulk was
the turn-based one they're saying
face-off Hulk death wing is a
first-person shooter all right nerds
thank you gobble yucks and yonder yonder
says Jack you swore to me you'd ask rich
if there was an awesome story behind
this room and its current state of
undress undress someone texted me a
picture and said what's the story behind
this room this room well know the image
I'm about to show you oh and it seems to
be from a long time ago from well before
I knew you this apparently is the
thumbnail image to some video on YouTube
called like people talking about star
wars you know we--you cell phone called
guerrilla interrupted and well you still
sound thank you Jesus Christ 17 years
ago right this is well before this
this was a while ago 16 16 years ago I
was after 9/11 I think but not by much
yeah younger younger if you could put
that link up in the chat so everyone can
see the room that rich is about to talk
about after my grandmother had passed
we're in the process of selling her
house and yeah I was pretty much empty
yeah at that point and Mike's might Mike
must make a movie and he JJ comes down
from you know Wisconsin there's only the
second second maybe third time the ID
seemed Jay in person and in the space of
literally a week we made a
feature-length motion picture and that
was the state of my grandmother's empty
house after three days of trying to film
an entire feature-length motion picture
so the mess if you're looking at this
picture you see you see rich Evans in
the foreground and a giant mess behind
him that is your grandmother's house my
grandmother's house when we're trying to
sell it it was completely empty and you
were trying to sell your grandmother's
house and so Mike decided it was a good
time to film a movie yeah and I assume
all you guys were staying there yep and
we filmed we film like like three days
at my grandma's house and then three
days up by J up and Milwaukee no and yes
when we're trying to sell my
grandmother's house so the three days
were up Milwaukee I get up I come home
my uncle left a call on the answering
machine
yeah they tried to show someone the
house we hadn't had time to clean it up
so they tried to show somebody the house
when I look like that there's a phone
call for my uncle it might be on the
gorilla interupted documentary with a
baby what did you do to the house my
uncle looks like a 10-8 a hurricane hit
me here came they tried to sell down I'm
sure it's still for sale gorillas
interrupted featuring the documentary we
might actually be out of this oh not to
make him not to make a movie it's worth
it for how not to make a movie how about
to make movies a fantastic
Nitori absolutely fantastic so yeah get
that down the you can probably still get
the digital version you probably can yes
watch that and you can see even more
footage of Rich's grandmother's house so
there you go yonder yonder that's the
story they were asking me about I was
like that was way before I met the guys
I don't know I don't know I probably
didn't meet Mike and J like until 7
years ago I'm almost sure he wouldn't
left that call on there I hope he did in
the document probably it's been a while
since I've seen so how not to make a
movies great it sure is fucking dick
this is the video I think it's I think
the videos got like people talking about
Star Wars and it's just yeah yeah you
thought you did totally destroy that
house and that's great Jay's a nerd in
it Jay looks very different yes be fair
he was playing a nerd well oh maybe
that's what they meant
hey Jason nerd in gorilla interrupts
yeah yes we all look very different the
call is the call is in the documentary
and I cringe every time I hear it oh
that's great yeah Mike took great
delight in that phone call I met them
because I had a friend who was friends
with Jay no I had a friend who had a
friend who was friends with Jay and I
made videos and Jay and Mike made videos
and one day they needed someone to act
in their videos and they knew I made
video so I would probably be okay to
work with and we shot a couple Grabowski
episodes probably up on the rlm YouTube
page is
the Grabowski versus Frank hammer that
is the very first time I met J and Mike
and we both made videos and so at the
you know at the time I was making videos
for Funny or Die and do a music video
stuff and we just kind of got along and
so then they knew they could count on me
to help them make stuff and I knew I had
them I could count on them to help me
make stuff and we just kept doing it
it's a it's it's a really boring story
because like nothing it wasn't fate it
was people who do similar things or
naturally gravitate towards each other
you know yep
Jack I was yeah I had a beard and long
hair in that it was a hairy gorilla on
that and that's how I learned there is
no such thing as a king bee that's right
that's right
and that's that's when I started
learning how mike and jay make stuff
which is they just put people in front
of the camera and say yeah this is what
I want you to say is sure do whatever
you want but really say what I want you
to say I was much thicker and I had hair
yeah yeah big ol belly big beard look
very different
I did I do look scary with that beard i
oh I like that death every once in a
while I think about Reid growing my
beard and I regret it immediately it's
it's it sucks to shave all the time but
man I hate them I just don't I'm not a
beard person anymore
I got a kajigger just get the controls a
bit more comfortable yeah
but fun very fun it looks great I hope
you get off this planet soon though
you've been on here for a while
I'd love it if you got off the planet
thicker and what know enough to figure I
was fatter I was much better how about a
different area of the same planet would
that be acceptable I want a different
color palette is that's all I'm looking
for here and believe we get that at some
point something that is not broken
buildings there's a lot of broken
buildings in general but we might get a
different color palette okay I'll settle
for a different color palette
yeah and josh has the beard like no
one's gonna be josh's beard and now yes
I love that one the stomach and then
that is fucking fantastic that's got its
charms - it's like doom what the glory
glory goes absolutely absolutely earth
tones cuz they live on a plant because
they live on a planet
tired and sad no sorry Anonymous is rich
I finally saw the recovered how involved
with that movie were you zero do you
have any fun or even terrible stories I
feel this piece of rlm history needs to
be explored more they were making a
horror movie I believe there was a know
rich Evans involvement policy they were
making a serious yes
horror movie and I can't do that I have
no interest in that right and so I think
that's fair
I can tell you they there was a
screening of the recovered along with
other people's movies and stuff oh I can
take on the mounted thing and just carry
it with me that's fantastic oh you're
talking there was a screening of the
recovered at a friend's house they set
up a little projector and at the on the
back of their house and we were with a
big group of us watched they were
covered Mike and JC rias me oh this is
gonna be exciting this is very this is
very shortly after I had met them and
you know started doing stuff with them
and hanging out and whatnot
and we get to the end of the recovered
and I initiated people booing and
throwing things at this great line I
didn't much care for the recovered it
had a few really neat horror imagery
scenes really neat ones but overall I
did not like the recovered I've never
seen it you'd ever think they're gonna
know how dare you once again no interest
in a horror movie so you're straight
horror movies there you go the recovered
is a serious movie yes there it's not a
it's not a jokey movie J and Mike are
barely in it it was the ending wasn't it
yes the I I really really did not like
the ending anyone who has seen them
recovered knows exactly why I won't
spoil it for anyone who doesn't who
hasn't seen it but it wasn't all a dream
awesome
really really Wow Wow I'm sure well I
said that because I'm sure it's 20 years
I know it's an old movie so it's spoiler
free but ya know and I think we give at
least at least I'm sure to give J and
Mike shit for it every time the whole
something has a really sucky ending
thing comes up I'd make sure to poke
that bear button sniper rifles are so
boring oh you know they could be fun
I want to rush in and chainsaw them jack
oh well that's fun too but you know what
you get look at that one shot explode
their head that's fun they joked about
it and a half of the bagging said oh I
know I know they have a good sense of
humor about it it's just you know we
were all at that screening a bunch of
people are like a bunch of people were
film nerds and you know everyone knows
that trope and that came up and it was
just empty beer cans at the screen how
did they react when you poke fun it at
their movies there they're fine with it
they they understand they understand the
flaws they made a choice and you know
it's fine
all right let's see here ah
tired senses do you think the Justice
League movie will finally kill the DC
Cinematic Universe I'd save it you never
know you never know know if Batman vs
Superman didn't they're gonna they're
gonna keep trying we made money they're
gonna it's gonna take a loss of money
before anything changes if they're not
losing money right why would they well
so Superman made money it was it was a
you know critical flop but the audience
liked this the producers the studios
they don't give a shit if there were a
critical failure
oh well but critical failure failure can
sometimes mean bad audience perception
you know people don't frequently doesn't
you know it's actually that's more rare
than you think the the critic failure
audience like that's that's more rare
than you think you know like you have
your big examples of like the
Transformers movie come here you little
goblins sorry that's fine what I'm gonna
charge into everything absolutely so you
have Man of Steel which you know was
polarizing you all say but still did
well still did well box-office wise then
but then you add Batman to the mix and I
think a lot of people are willing to
give it another try
even if they didn't like Manistee know
Batman's in this one yeah well give this
another go but Batman solves many
problems Batman to solve many problems
but I think there are there are some
people who might have been turned off
twice in a row and it's gonna turn into
a fool me twice kind of situation right
with Justice League uh-huh I mean I
agree with what you're saying they they
won't stop making them until they stop
the fanboys they don't care about
they don't care they care about their
favorite logos Jack no you know I mean
you're right
you're absolutely right my logos on it
so I will look just don't like that you
can't handle the new interpretation of
Superman what do you want tights you
want to be hero that's childish
I'm an adult man I like adult things
that's right this Superman is adult now
I can play with my Superman toys because
it's grown-up it's what the big kids do
yeah I'm with you I'm with you but they
won't stop making them until they stop
making money so whenever that happens
Wonder Woman comes out first Wonder
Woman will be an interesting testing
ground what happens if we get the
franchise away from Zack Snyder he's
still producing I kind of really like
this been years since I've played it you
can really like it rich it's okay
but here's what we can hope for if if
you are a fan of DC and are like and you
really want a viable DC universe right
huh here's what you can hope for you can
hope that Wonder Woman is an alright
movie and does well at the box office
and that the Justice League movie sucks
and bombs at the box office because then
the people at the WB will say hey once
we had a property without Zack Snyder it
made money and people seem to be okay
with it
maybe we should fire Zack Snyder because
he is undoubtedly the problem they still
made money what snack Snyder that's what
I'm saying that's what you're hoping for
is the NAM zack snyder movie makes money
and the next sex night or movie doesn't
make money okay oh you got jet packs you
got jet packs now
look it up dude they just gave David s
Goyer the new Green Lantern Corps movie
we're fucked
yep you are gone you're sucks you make
shitty movies you're done
nevermind r.i.p DC Cinematic Universe ah
sweet sweet well I guess I know what
you're doing for the rest of the game
if I remember right this is just the
jump pack section which there were a few
of alright so won't be doing that for
the rest of the game who is going David
s Goyer who I believe wrote Man of Steel
most notably to my concerns wrote blade
but then wrote and directed Blade 3
which is a big pile of garbage shit
which even even
you wrote Batman but yeah well he
co-wrote Batman Begins
didn't he he co-wrote all of the Batman
movies if I am correct on that project
you ever have an opinion under pop
culture that doesn't parallel the
majority opinion ah
no no sometimes I'm sure oh you well
yeah I don't like rogue one and the
majority opinion really loves rogue one
some people would just jerks jack this
probably better not to respond to them I
don't get fun I like some things that
people don't and I don't like some
things that people do also I'm really
okay with Independence Day I know a lot
everyone says they don't like it but I
really like it this is fun
beating a dead horse are we Jack yeah
I'm sure that's what we're doing people
ask us about the things talk about the
things things asking about thing Jack
who would have been better to direct
Watchmen a director who could have
handled multiple multiple characters
better who understood that they weren't
supposed to be badass action heroes you
know you know who should have directed
the Watchmen ready for this yeah Darren
Aronofsky
should have directed the watchman I'm an
idiot I'm not sure who that is have you
seen the wrestler yes he directed the
wrestler okay he also directed a bunch
of other stuff but that's the one who
Rick Mickey Rourke yes now I have seen
that now imagine the tone of the
wrestler as the Watchmen right yeah
that's who should have directed the
fucking Watchmen boom done some indie
movie asshole yes that's what the
Watchmen is about yeah if you've ever
seen the wrestler that's the exact tone
of the Watchmen
that's the exact tone then you give them
someone to do you know some some light
action sequences have a make a movie
about a bunch of sad sacks superheroes
in the world ending boom that's it
probably needs a few more animations but
I am fine with this yeah for them for
the kill for the the glory kill no sure
I'll forgive it um let's see here blue
blaze says I I know twitch won't allow
it but I'd watch a stream of jak
disassembling a chicken they would
probably allow it like if there is no
blood like if I got like just a whole
chicken and showed you how to how to cut
it into portions we could do cooking oh
I'm getting oh yeah yeah you're almost
dead what do you think rate you think
twitch would allow them a cooking show
just teach them how to disassemble a
chicken whoo yeah like I'm not gonna
pluck feathers I'm knocking I mean you
cook a steak there's blood involved
twitch does cooking right right twitch
is cooking steaks are bloody raw steaks
but I'm saying like I won't like well
and also it's a super pain in the ass to
pluck chicken feathers so I'll just take
a whole chicken
and show you how to how to portion it
that'd be great if the chicken was not
slaughtered on camera it would call it
qualify as a cooking show boom
this sounds like twitch creative to me
cooking stream yeah yeah yeah hey
anything is possible
anything is possible Jax butcher our
it's you know what it's it's useful
information because if you eat a lot of
chicken it's far cheaper just to buy the
whole chicken and cut it up yourself
than to buy individual stuff fight
anything in this long hallway or one
just just the hallways just the hallway
Hey
yeah sums matter we did you know we'd
have to do some work in the room here
cover some stuff in plastic and we'd
have to we'd have to figure it out and
like I could bring in we could we could
we could go get the grill we could do
some grilling on we could like grill
some chicken oh I could sous vide it
it'd be great we could I could I could
butcher we'll toss it in the sous-vide
play a game for a couple of hours and
then grill it and eat it
we'll play a chicken game it'll be great
I love Black Swan Black Swan was
beautiful speaking of Darren Aronofsky
have you seen Black Swan no Black Swan
was beautiful a lot of things I haven't
seen that's all right and you don't have
to uh Titans head says have you both
seen The Killing Joke animated movie I
can't bring myself to watch it as the
animation is hideously bad I have it
I've never watched it yeah I completely
I completely forgot about it
yep and I haven't and I don't care cuz
the animation looks bad I know I already
know how they fucked up the story so I
read you know the comic rich lent me The
Killing Joke comic I think it's fine
counter totally fine
ah buster load says have some coin yin
knobs feel like a for like four dollars
a week could be better spent but fuck it
just fucking didn't mean to do that
anyhoo Jack what's your favorite beer
and liquor rich how are you at piggyback
rides
lol rimjob Satan I'm terrible at
piggyback rides yeah my favorite beer
usually involves an IPA mostly because
they're higher in alcohol content so I
have to drink less of them to be calorie
conscious and now I've just developed a
taste for for IPAs MKE brewing here in
Milwaukee has a great IPA called hop
freak it's a double IPA that they brew
with tea that's one of my favorites I
also really enjoyed grapefruit beer with
gin and I think I've talked about that a
million times as far as liqueur I'm less
of a liquor person really it's probably
just Jack Daniels like just Jack and
Coke is my drink of choice if I'm gonna
if I'm gonna have a liquor drink I'll
just drink a Jack and Coke
you can detonate your shots rich if you
press pee
are you the king of the hipsters no life
I feel like Jack and cokes are very
normal things and you can blow them up
okay and I like many things that are in
the mainstream remember the the last
person said I only like things in the
mainstream so that's very anti
inspiration iron senses are David s
Goyer Zack Snyder and Michael Bay the
best examples of assholes who fell
upwards David Goyer and Zack Snyder are
absolutely Zack Snyder continues like WB
was done with him after sucker punch his
movies weren't making money and nobody
liked him but they just kept giving him
shit they gave him their biggest fucking
franchise same with Goya well no go you
know what go your head some early hits
go here had some early hits and was
attached to properties that did well
Michael Bay consistently made movies
that made money he did not he Michael
Bay has not failed he always makes
movies that make money critics might not
like them but people sure as hell do I
don't care that's fun
yeah so no Michael Michael Bay is not
failing upward Michael Bay Michael Bay
works he knows what he does and he does
it well it's firstly I enjoy like old
schlocky Michael Bay like the rock is
great
bad boys fucking awesome he's been
around a while honey
no fuck yeah he's been around a while
and he knows what he's doing
but you know critics sure don't like his
new movies but that don't matter cuz
other people do write his films fail
when he tries to make them serious like
pain and gain pain and gain by the way
the the movie starring the rock and Mark
Wahlberg about like steroid abusers who
try to get into petty crime that was a
passion project for Michael Bay like he
had to pull strings to get that movie
made which which will tell you something
about Michael Bank I know the man knows
what he's doing not know failing there
III Snyder is the one who is failing up
head up had a decent hit with with the
remake of Dawn of the Dead so the studio
let him let him try out something flashy
with the 300 turned into a wild success
and then he got the watchman and Sucker
Punch both did not do well at the box
office
WB was kind of done with him and then
some how aka his agent his good friends
with the head of Warner Brothers
he gets their biggest franchise
rumor has it that zack snyder's agent is
very good friends with the president of
Warner Brothers why did the studio give
him down in the first place that's not a
low-budget newbie job absolutely that's
the low-budget movie job that was a
remake that was a zombie movie it's a
zombie movie with a recognizable title
any anyone could handle that anyone can
handle that he had me it made some stuff
I had made some student films some indie
stuff and and a hand him that and he did
fine with it I like yeah allegedly
allegedly allegedly Zack Snyder's agent
is very very good phrase oh I don't want
to waste that hit the wrong button Oh
have mercy on me
no you won't with the with the president
of Warner Brothers and allegedly his
agent refused to leave his office until
the president of Warner Brothers gave
the Superman movie to Zack Snyder and
allegedly all Zack Snyder had to do was
fire his cinematographer
all right now I did the thing
now what game it wants you go back there
and do another thing Oh
the 300 you know what I didn't mind the
300 because I like the style of it it
was gaudy and over-the-top but I felt
like that's what it was going for
watchman's budget was 138 million
worldwide total 185 million and they say
you need to add you know another half of
the budget to to its advertising so yeah
Watchmen lost money and I'm okay with
like I like the style I like the gaudy
nature I felt it was fitting to the
story it was over-the-top
you know fitting to Frank Miller yeah
don't you think it's like buff dudes
thrusting people to death like it was it
was over-the-top so I'm okay with 300
300 costs 65 million made four hundred
and fifty six million
Shaboom
watch the RiffTrax for 300 it's
brilliant
maybe maybe buff dudes thrust in people
to death yeah that's all that's all
Frank Miller or that's all Zack Snyder
wants it's like the buff is dude killing
people with their dicks that was like it
is mouth certain senses although I know
it's it's too well known and liked by
fans to be considered for best of the
worst
but Arnold's film commando is shockingly
bad not even cheesy just bad like that
when I was kid you know it's been a
while it's been a while since I've seen
them and anonymous is rich yep
you may be having fun yeah but are you
having fun correctly no you're not you
seem to be enjoying yourself I know but
I hate everything right I was I mean you
might not be having fun correctly and
like have you tried min maxing stat
adjusting like can you change change
your outfit you know get some defense
buffs and try to have you try some of
that yeah it's been a while since I
watched commando yeah I remember loving
it action that prime action schlock
right there
video the way you fix your overlay to be
top and bottom bars only so we can have
more screen to look in video too much I
might be able to shrink the blue I felt
this was a pretty good compromise
no no get the guy yeah III have a
feeling if I were to watch commando
again I would fucking love it but I like
that kind of stuff so neither rich and I
are as big of John Carpenter fans as Jay
but then again no one is as big of a
John Carpenter very young pretty watch I
like John Carpenter is that how you guys
John Carpenter fans
yeah John Carpenter fan nobody as is as
big as John Carpenter famous genius well
yeah I will make that claim but ah no
Avenger if I have not played any more
Pokemon and they just I just got really
bored of it I'm not enjoying the Sun and
Moon Pokemon boot boot
mulder and scully action figures and the
ice nice the red epic says my wife and I
went to see rogue one a few days ago
spoilers
it sucked as Trekkies we both found it
kind of embarrassing
PS the guy who said commando is just as
bad should probably be banned a lot of
people don't don't quite understand the
bad movies we're looking for come at you
no commandos cheesy commando schlocky
it's not necessarily bad filmmaking not
necessarily bad film but not necessarily
best of over the top definitely over the
top of cheesy yeah there's a difference
between commando and deadly prey there
you go that's a fine comparison a fine
comparison don't forget these styrofoam
bricks out of my way hey this guy's
super strong jack oh you're right you're
right
it's got battle armor and shit
commando is too good for bezel is
probably commando would be perfect for
like a review kind of thing yeah that
would be a good spot for it yeah
high-class flock whoo I like that get
onboard you Schmucks are going up the
elevator train the elevator train the
elevated train no way hop on - dude
Netflix needs a secret rating which
reads I hate this give me more
that's when you create an you know the
Netflix has the different users is that
fuller house one I hate this give me
more well is if I I think what I'm
reading that as is I you know this is
dumb I shouldn't like this but I kind of
like this and I want you to I want to
watch more things like this yeah that's
when you create a little a separate user
called dumb and anytime you feel like
watching a dumb thing you switch over to
that user watch your dumb thing and then
you're dumb you're dumb user well will
gather that stuff and that stuff is okay
to watch everyone has those guilty
pleasures Oh heard the Star Wars fan boy
settled down Star Wars fan boys what are
we tricking him on now no that last tip
whereas Trekkies they didn't like how
Star Wars settle down I don't care if I
trigger Star Wars fan boys I mean they
need to grow up I just wonder if there's
gonna be you know you cuz usually
criticism comes in waves and right now
it's high tide for positive reviews of
rogue one and I wonder how long it's
gonna take to reach that point where
everyone goes you know looking back at
it rogue one really wasn't that great
how long rich
I don't even care yeah a couple years do
you think is it all it's gonna take is
like for the for episode 8 take the next
Star Wars movie they love right
I know rogue one really wasn't bad great
it'll take about a year yeah maybe about
a year maybe about a year well when it
when when does eight come out is that
this December where's that next December
uh this I think oh okay so every year is
it yeah shit rich well that well then if
it's this year then I I
I predict that as soon as episode eight
is out we will see we will see review
pieces on looking back at rogue one did
you read the official release regarding
Carrie Fisher no dad's huh drugs oh I
meant her her and her role in episode 8
oh no I had not because she princess law
or you know general Leia had had a large
role in episode really yes and so there
was a big concern among people whether
or not they would CG her or do something
weird like that and they came out and
said they have no plans of CG Carrie
Fisher in episode as that would that
would be they they feel that would be
disrespectful right so
has a lot of a had dad has ah goddamnit
the point is they're not they're not
going to turn her into a dumb grand moff
tarkin cartoon
distracted me with too much Carrie
Fisher talk jack I'm sad I'm very very
sorry but they were not that respectful
when she was always she was barely in
that one that doesn't count
that doesn't count and and Peter Cushing
is that who grand moff tarkin was he's
been dead for years
that's a bad idea regardless oh well
just looked bad what if he didn't want
to be enrolled one huh what if you don't
wanna be over wonderful what if Peter
Cushing didn't want to be too associated
with star wars you know I want to
distance myself from this I had a whole
other career beyond that sure he's kind
of stuck back in against his will I mean
he's dead he has no will but I mean it
is disrespectful the cgi grand moff
tarkin absolutely it's like it's like
making a musical starring Fred Astaire
yeah I wonder I wonder if drummer drew
this years ago the commercial they had
Fred Astaire dancing with a vacuum
cleaner I do remember that didn't that
wasn't there a lawsuit about that I
think there was and I thought I thought
that the like his family won that
lawsuit so I don't really remember
enough about that actually that makes me
wonder if they somehow got permission
from his family or his estate or you
know or if they just said oh he's our
character we own him forever
I own the character Beck
spambot idiot I didn't think he looked
fine I I have heard from some people who
said he looked fine grand moff tarkin
yeah no way
I I don't think so I think he looked
like a big cartoon it was the worst it
was the absolute worst I was talking to
my mother-in-law about it who saw with
me yeah it's jarring huh
well you see CGI grand moff tarkin I
think it is but I talked to her about it
to be fair she's older yep she has poor
eyesight she didn't know who I was
talking about when I said the the the
person who was sellin CG I say oh that
older guy you know the the guy the
general who was yelling at the other bad
guy you know he oh he's CG oh my but
she's an she's an elderly so you know
her eyes are bad to me I thought it was
I thought it was terrible
can we stop with the hyperbole it wasn't
the worst in know the Polar Express was
the worst this was pretty damn bad it
will and here's the thing in in a
situation like this where you are
integrating a CG character directly next
to live-action characters I don't feel
like there is a middle ground you either
do it right and it looks good or it
looks bad and if it looks bad then it's
the worst you could possibly do it
because then its job bullshit who Donna
who blew up
oh right when I got out of the the kill
animation I got blowed up by one of the
little fuckers oh the suicide think yeah
and so I'm going to agree that you know
hyperbole gets a little out of hand but
I'm also going to defend rich Evans in
saying that it is the worst simply
because it does not work when it takes
you out of the film because it looks so
jarring yeah you shouldn't have done it
right what was he doing up there
yuck up there but you know at least in
the Polar Express like everyone's a
horrifying cartoon right yeah so that's
not a big deal
I don't know how anyone was okay with
CGI grand moff tarkin I agree
the minute you see it you don't say
there's grand moff tarkin you say oh
there's CGI grand moff tarkin
yes there's Roger Rabbit yes how funny
that the actors mind along with him oh
this will be great behind-the-scenes
footage when it's distracting it's a bad
special effect yes yes I agree rich
Lana I don't feel like I'm
misrepresenting your views I'm just
talking about the hyperbole and we went
off on them the blue blaze says I had
two ideas for best of the worst episodes
famous bad edition with the room
Birdemic and mannose hands of fate and
masturbation edition with three movies
you guys were in some way involved with
what bad movies we were son in some way
involved with I don't think there are
that many movies we were in some way
involved with is the problem
Kasper is saying you know it's it's not
just it's not just grand moff tarkin
the cgi tentacle monster in the force
awakens yeah that was distracting to I
wasn't a fan of that right right but
yeah we just happen to be talking about
Grandma fear but any any bad CG I don't
know what people think
I love the force awakens remember all
all of red letter media is one unit
you're right right exactly
I was the dissenting voice that episode
no I still liked it I just didn't love
it and yonder yonder says I think people
who aren't used to computer graphics are
okay with target you should do a survey
have everyone say if they were okay with
it whether or not they are avid gamers I
bet there's a pattern it is I wonder I
wonder about that like I said you know
my wife's mom didn't even notice it but
to be fair she has pretty poor eyesight
like you know she doesn't drive at night
poor eyesight so right
if you defend that effect you have to be
a troll I can't believe anybody thought
oh good I think some people genuinely
thought it no no it's so off-putting so
out of place and you gotta be you got
any wine I know I don't believe you if
you like that effect Marcel's Holanda
I'm editing one right now which and I
did a previously recorded the other day
and I'm working on editing it right now
I also have another job I'm working on
right now so it's gonna be slow going
I'm hoping to have it up before I leave
for Madison this weekend so if not it'll
be early next week but
I'm aware it's it's a fun episode I fund
a fun previously recorded it's a good
conversation we had
got some trouble got some trolls in here
got some tar controls
full average X Mensa says from the
independent literally today the biggest
talking point of rock one a star wall
story was undoubtedly it's breathtaking
use of CGI which recreated Peter Cushing
in a young Carrie Fisher so perfectly as
to raise ethical questions with regards
to using actors likenesses after the
death recreating them so perfectly
that's crazy
now you could start editing it right now
well I could I could start editing it
right now but more likely I'm gonna go
home and go to bed
I think we're gonna give rich one more
chance with yes yeah see if you can get
past this section I know I've done
before
oh yeah I also wonder like if watching
it in 3d played any difference where
everything kind of looks weird and
cartoony someone said they didn't notice
but they were wearing through the 3d
goggles maybe that had something to do
with maybe that could help is what I'm
yeah that could help put some Vaseline
on the lungs they make clip-on 3d
glasses for movie theaters I would love
that I hate putting on those stupid
glasses over my glasses I'd rather just
not go - yeah
Tiberius Kirk is not trolling and saying
genuinely gently genuinely was ok with
target yeah I don't get it
yeah are you doing
you excited about Lego Batman movie am i
excited but might be fun how excited of
course I I have kids so you know kids
are super excited about Lego Batman
movie the funny part is they were they
were watching some Netflix movie the
other day called the nutjob it's the
movie about the squirrels who go on a
heist caper yeah
and like you know or they're watching
this movie I wasn't watching it with
them they're watching the movie another
sudden like well just goes hey that
squirrels Batman because well our net
does the voice of one of the squirrels
in the nut job and I was like oh yeah
the same guy voices me goes no that's
Batman from Lego Batman and you know how
do you explain that to a kid like no
well it's the same voice actor doing
yeah yeah it's bad news it's great
then we want then we watch the trailer
for the new Lego Batman movie and I just
I'm so excited about it it looks great
the nut job seekers cup the manhole yeah
hey guys says the red epic the next-gen
question of the night how do you feel
about the character queue he seems to be
either despised or loved by the truck
community I personally think he had a
lot of worth I like you yeah I don't
know they're people who despise him you
know fuck this God Jesus Christ is there
another one up top
I could see how like hard sci-fi fans
might think he's a little too Magic II
roll away the camp
Oh God rich
whoo oh fuck that skin of your teeth oh
but I also like you I think he had some
really fun episodes also it like his
introduction episode is grade 4.0 that's
the first episode yeah yeah that's fun
ah hey the whole he testing humanity
thing that's great that's fun that's fun
I I'm gonna I'm gonna look up laksa what
at you I know you keep talking about
laksa look this up considering corrects
usual philosophy of throwing down
religion and humanity doing it on its
own yeah it kind of shits on that a bit
once cube becomes more benevolent in
later seasons okay like you from early
trick from far point is a very different
cue from the cue from the tapestry
episode
okay let's Picard find out what life
would be like if he hadn't been so bold
few stories go from Picard getting what
up on cue he's right after all he was
wrong and it turns into it devolves and
do Picard asking Q for help yeah because
he was looking after humanity yeah I
could see that I could see yeah that's
where I could see some fans I still like
him as a character but I can understand
that eclis how that could be off-putting
if you're normally a fan of treks values
yeah yeah yeah but also some fun
episodes yeah some fun Q episodes and
Tiberius Kirk I I am easier on season 1
of next gen than riches I think there's
some good season so no but Tiberius Kirk
says you know wait Jack admitted there
was a good one in season one I like
season Bridgeton remember we're
different people
yeah season 1 I don't think ever climbs
out of mediocrity at best I think that's
probably where far point is
mediocrity at best mostly because John
de Lancie is cute alright hey I think I
think we're done let's thank some people
and that's great
you beat the thing this looks like a fun
game
no we need we need an accurate we don't
have the subs from early on after we
crashed yeah no we got to figure that
shit out now you know what I just have
to I got to put it on the laptop I will
work on that yeah we have to remember we
have to remember to get it on the laptop
watcher I think that's a good idea
great you could call this as a hi rich
and Jack Jack on your next visit silly
what are you visiting for silver like
ramen or Roscoe's chicken and waffles
gallywix thank you for space coolkid
Deathwing yeah he said but be careful
though this is gonna test the limits of
your graphics card I'll probably go to
silver like ramen first and Rosco's gift
may already have been redeemed hope they
go
just a weird somebody who I've stolen
the gift is that possible that is not
possible is that possible it's not bad
it's not in her it's not he didn't
redeem it
now yeah there you go you forgot to hit
that button I did hit that button and
said this mate gift may have been
redeeming something it's fine
everything's fine if oh wait we can you
know we can do we can do we can do this
subs boom thank you hack bot thank you
hack button
all right I got him I got him on the lap
er topper okay mmm holy carla Ming Carla
means holy column Ange
oh well I can't it's waving around no
it's just move it all around move it all
around waving around and moving all
around soup pilgrim liquid a tea oh my
god I almost dropped that coffee spots
vid shadow I'm just gonna do a few yeah
yeah that's make sense on kool-aid man
for 27 fucking months in a row your
streams really help me make it through
the drudges of winter thank you guys
favorite customer smile you're on candid
candid camera
TC 209 lavada
I hope this money will be used to help
treat Jax a spreadsheet addiction one
the the spreadsheet about which episode
did and did not contain a bassoon was
made by leftover beefcake - it was
incredibly helpful to all of us looking
for the bassoon there is nothing wrong
with proper organization nothing at all
okay I and Liz Earle is lizard wizard is
where I stop lizard wizard in selenium
okay all right purple space bazooka 24 I
was just fucking with more than one
where's this one now twenty four fucking
months in a row holy crow 24 fucking
months with my favorite hack frauds
thank you for all you guys do and may
your 2017 not suck royally always
forward forward always
mr. shields II says what what rebel base
says I love listening to your guys
banter over games well thank you thank
you
savage engine slapnut 73 tofu a says you
know huh just wanted to thank you all
for being my true BAE's also Nintendo's
new gimmick is aids me personally
I give it a 9 out of 10 cool
Dilek young Grand Moff Callie 27 fucking
months in a row when are we gonna get
CGI Grand Moff Kali
get on that CGI Grand Moff Kali ragged
scribe 17 months says I'm 17 now Magnus
PU twenty four fucking months a neurosis
two fucking years
oh my god rich yeah blind fury yeah
it's getting a blu-ray release I know I
know that means a lot to you it does
Jackie gangers lady dead in 14 months
free top space Jack 2084 it's like the
texture of pudding only for your ears
that's what I'm talking about Dan man 60
to 80 Ivan's iced says Fresno bob says
enjoying my four-month sub even though
I'll be dead from cholesterol in
two years Oh fee boo
my name is Tate 19 months in a row 19
months it's almost my 20th motherfucking
month in a fucking row fucking
anniversary fuck
hunchback jack 20 fucking months in a
row looking forward to at least 20 more
months of no orcs in space thanks rich
and Jack yonder yonder on the chat I I
agree with you about Star Trek
insurrection
it was the most most faithful TNG movie
to what T and G was I agree fully Denso
Washington two days from retirement did
lit a dude digital attitude mg is the
full name there mister tummy giggles
forgoing andrew gusli coffee for man ah
Oz Mike 25 fucking months in a row
insert witty comment here someplace I
got nothing
generations was a clumsy awful movie
where they killed Kirk in the dumbest
way ever it's just weird
first contact is a stupid action movie
it's a very stupid action movie and they
also managed to ruin everything that was
interesting about the Borg Nemesis is
depressing and dark for the sake of
being depressing and dark and it also
becomes a dumb action movie the plot of
insurrection while they while they
schlock it up and there's there's they
add in the dumb action parts like a TNG
episode never would have ended in a
fistfight with the card and the bad guy
the matically it's something they would
have done on the show with the ethics of
Starfleet and the Fountain of Youth and
it's the closest it's not perfect by any
means but it is the closest the TNG
movies ever got to being
what the next generation is or was no
that's my piece that's that's totally
fair
what we've all that's my I said okay
that's a penny
top ramens twenty three fucking months
in a row says almost two years Ireland
entertainment ROM Romans loathes top fix
dark matter 18 months is two months
until fucking doctor so--yes 21 fucking
months a neurosis rich Jesus loves you
disco Kings they got that going for you
I wanna see love me he's been dead for
two 2000 years if he even existed he
loves you from afar then from very far
but traveller speaks if I didn't say
that one before and also disco king
because I forgot where I was left off
budget Messiah says for the Emperor and
that was all I was it that was everyone
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
it's true we really do I
I gotta awkwardly end the stream because
I'm nowhere near the mouse oh stare at
the camera very awkward no we're just
awkward like this
