Game Smash!
December 6, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AFA227FU9So

over writing data analysis I saw x-files
recently yeah and it is nuts some of it
do you think alien contact theories were
one plausible to a smokescreen by the
government to hide military weapons
testing or three a complete delusion of
sad weirdos complete delusion of sad
weird oh yeah and you know not even here
not even sad weirdos not even weirdos
just a complete delusion yeah government
smokescreen would not be something as
weird as alien UFOs also the amount of
people it would take to cover that up
who would then actually stay quiet would
be far too many someone would leak
someone would let that shit out and so
it's just it's just people who are who
make shit up oh just wonder why we never
see UFO sightings now with video phones
everywhere yeah that's weird isn't it
what's what's what's that chart rich the
the amount of miracles that happened
throughout the years when the camera was
invented number of miracles yeah number
number of miracles number of cameras
right right but then the the miracles go
back up once Photoshop is invented yeah
it's just one of those things just one
of those things not saying that aliens
don't exist I do not believe anyone has
any sort of proof that they exist yeah
oh speaking of x-files by the way yeah
go off on a different thing have you
heard of this new Netflix show dark dark
just dark just called dark okay rich get
on it Oh get at it I know I know you got
some stuff back again stuff happening I
know you got some stuff happening but
rich and chat get on this show it is so
fucking good okay it's a little x-files
II a little twin peak see the good Twin
Peaks a little stranger things Eve but
basically at the end of the day rich it
is a time-traveling murder mystery the
craters on the side of the buildings
when you jump on the side of the
buildings oh it's adorable I'm super
excited to play this is this is the
rampage game for the year 2000 yeah okay
so it's this show and and the base the
the plot that I'm gonna give you is it
is a time-travel murder mystery okay
which is true it is like there's
time-travel involved it's a murder
mystery but it but it takes place you
know over these different time periods
it's great it's like sci-fi II but it's
German yeah it's a German Netflix show
so you have to make sure you have the
subtitles um and also I do recommend for
people who watch it don't even though if
sometimes I do prefer overdubs do not
watch it with English overdub the
English voice actors talk hard okay
sucks super hard watch it in the
original German with English subtitles
heads up but I'm almost done with it at
least and I have been binging it and it
is so fucking good
hold on oh we got a we got to change a
couple things now that we're playing
Hulk ultimate rotten page ultimate
destruction can't recommend it enough so
good smash
kibosh malarkey says I work as a dealer
and Australia's biggest casino and as
such I deal with a fair amount of moral
ambiguity as part of my job mmm
are there any uncomfortable aspects of
your life you've been forced to accept
my father's a Republican I just thought
that was a funny joke hey oh that was a
good joke
that was a fine joke you all settled
down we're gonna change you we're
working on the brightness settings
things were a little too bright again
all right great
okay any parts of our lives that we find
overly uncomfortable I'm sorry if here
here's what I will say if there was a
part of my life that was overly
uncomfortable it is something that I had
said I have since cut out of my life
what is it called this is called The
Hulk
you destruction you dot just ride it
home hmm just call it Hulk
Oh Hulk smash the hell home smash is
fine that's what I'm calling it in there
I'm looking for the game in oh and
Chetty and they don't have it oh yes to
again the head spider-man ultimately a
more notable PlayStation 2 game sure
nothing much though sorry Chang Sarah
Chang
searching I'd like to see a Ninja Gaiden
movie it'd be a terrible movie just be a
ninja movie yeah
I don't think it would be a terrible
movies like by the way okay
that movie already exists there are a
shit ton of ninja movies man watch more
awesome kung fu movies they're
everywhere
what's that new one that I want to see
undead assassin or not ninja assassin
well I just want to make sure I'm oh in
credible Hulk okay that's what it is
no there's a what's the no it's called
it's called like never dying assassin
they're walking cops versus ninjas
walking cows vs. ninjas right undead
assassin immortal assassin Thank You
Lloyd beats you got it and I've heard of
it immortal as immortal assassin it
looks awesome just a straight-up kung fu
movie about an assassin who's immortal
okay
not a lot of tension in that one you
know
when finding the risk of rain or Anton
entered the gungeon tomorrow help me
pick please look a couple of bucks each
but don't make your own damn decisions
that's not the movie it's called blade
of the immortal hold on I have it in my
phone hold on I have to write things
down because my memory is so bad I I
don't have I don't have a solid pick I
think it's part of the problem they're
both fine games risk of rain or enter
the gungeon risk risk of rain has some
very interesting and insane like item
combo stacking yeah deals but the end
game is just chaotic shit I really don't
like the the end game you you either you
either end up like it's too overpowered
or too it's too chaotic well by the time
you get to the end they're just throwing
somebody this is such a comical amount
of enemies at you it's not enjoyable
yeah
so maybe I'll go and enter the gungeon
you know what I would I would say also
enter the gungeon even though I love
risk of rain I don't like that it's a
roguelike and you don't have like the
weird mixing and matching of powers just
to get this gun you get that gun yeah
you know some guns
and yeah you know and you know there's
there's a what are you in the mood for I
personally think you depend depending on
your tastes you might get more time in
to enter the gungeon because really with
risk of rain you get that really good
yeah you get that really good run you
beat the boss yeah I'm good you know a
lot of different characters but a lot of
the other characters are shit to play as
super shit to play as so you might get
more time out of enter the gungeon
normal here we go into the gungeon it is
great well great
why are you playing oh sorry favorite
customer I was I was in chatty looking
to see if they had this game so we could
tell twitch what game we were playing
and they didn't have it so yeah we're
trying to properly title the stream yeah
there's a section and like the middle of
a good risk of rain run that's really
fun like right in the middle you got you
know just the right powers mix-and-match
together and you're having a lot of fun
that it it just starts getting too
chaotic it's like a bell curve of
enjoyment for a very good risk of rain
run yeah and all those neat oh this is
just chaos but up but I will say at the
end even if it's chaos if you are
overpowered like if you decide to go
through a couple more levels before that
end level yeah and you just ridiculously
overpowered it's it's a little cathartic
he's just running around and destroying
everything it can't be a little
cathartic so it could be good
what happened to Eric Bana
he nobody liked that movie so they
didn't ask him back no I'm trying to
think he did what did he do acting wise
after you two exercises you will
approximate Ron Perlman that was Ron
Perlman that's Ron
this is the whole game gas drawing
things yeah so down there's things you
can do like you can rip a car apart and
like turn it into gloves iron gloves
stuff like that I'm sure they've got the
classic hope thunderclap
a three-punch combo yes job done cells
is a great game I'm kind of waiting for
digits of dead cells to be finished
though before going back to it as having
a really good dead cells run and I'd
beat the the final boss the and
implemented in the game at that time
then became it just kind of ended it was
like oh that's how after throwing her oh
my god I so I picked up a human now I
can use the human to attack another
human oh no oh I was hoping I was hoping
I could use him as like a bat but I can
throw him I turn it about in this Canyon
yeah I can throw them yeah
I think it's our cow I'm gonna go pick
up a cow Jeff I don't I don't know if
there are Bruce Banner sections in this
game I I played this as a rental and
really I didn't care about the story I
was just running around the city blowing
shit up there was there were you know
the the on the ugly Hulk movie had a
game and there were Eric Bana stealth
there are better stealth sections all
right eat cow I just threw a cow at a
dude this feels like destroy all humans
I can't play that
once the Beast has located it received
threat he will launch objects with no
regard for tap or hold but designated oh
you missed it jack
he's very far away I know cut Tim it all
attacks will be
gotta get closer gotta get closer then
what was the zombie one that came out
around this time is Stubbs Stubbs that
was it
was that any good uh I never played
Stubbs the zombie you had to turn
everybody into a zombie in that right I
believe that was that was the the
mission I can tell you that Stubbs the
zombie has an amazing soundtrack very
finely modern modern artists doing
covers of like 50s and 60s pop songs
modern for the time
I think it's just I think I just hit the
roof on it so doesn't pay a ton
attention
oh here here's what we can do I don't
know let's try to for a human at a
helicopter let's find out oh my god oh
yeah but we'll take it down as the
question probably not yeah come here
come here
he bows he knows
that's all I want to do for the rest of
the game now the human human to think we
understood how to make a whole game yep
come here come here you you can't run
away from the Hulk why even try
Zach over the accent says the suburban
Sasquatch best of the worst episode
finally got me off my ass if that can
get distribute distribution any movie
can regardless of budget it's true I'm
writing my own low-budget schlock film
do it wish me luck good luck do it good
luck and it's true yeah literally
anything anything just make it you just
gotta make it make something there
there's worse there's worse than
suburban square Sasquatch that we've
seen that have gotten distribution yeah
true blue review says with the switch
basically going back to cartridges
albeit smaller ones and CDs becoming
more outdated every year yeah well the
next generation of consoles go full
digital download or just not use CDs
full digital then we wanted that there
why did that last generation there was
an outcry it needed another generation
to sink in and then nobody will be able
to own any game hmm not on PC or on a
console I mean the car I I think they
might they need something though right
lease is for everyone ha and that
neutrality and and a net neutrality fuck
consumers hard drive space still isn't
big enough for modern games though so
you need some sort of device to hold the
ball don't care yeah but customers won't
like this so I mean some it's something
is sticking around whether it be
cartridges you know the microSD cards
that Nintendo uses not they don't use
microSD cards but maybe what maybe
without net neutrality they won't be
able to I just won't be the bandwidth
for them well you'd have to pay extra
for the bandwidth yeah well will ending
net neutrality kill valve
because you might have to pay a valve
premium yeah yeah valve will have to pay
the premium no no little that'll trickle
down
oh of course well that'll trickle down
to us but also they could do that to us
for like if you want if you want the
bandwidth for online you know the online
gaming mode that's that's on us too and
they'll charge valve and they'll charge
us because they can thank you
newly appointed commissioner of the FCC
what's his name IG Pratt what's his name
you dickhead with the Reese's Cup what's
his name
it's almost like these moron politicians
aren't thinking things things thinking
things through they are they just don't
care about you or me they're thinking
they're thinking it's going to make
people it's gonna make Internet service
providers very happy yeah and the
Internet service providers are giving
them money for their campaigns you see
they know damn well they're not being
stupid it's an attempt to fuck you
Joe Kitty refresh your page we updated
what we were playing and if said said
too much I'm moving on political aspects
of this I think I think no matter no
matter any one of our fans political
stands I want to say that everybody's
who's watching us here is on the same
page net neutrality wise you know I
can't know that oh yeah you know I just
I want to I want to know it I want to
think that Oh smash Pizza Train 11 says
use this tip tell the chat about a
charity event going on at Worldbuilders
on horns world's builders dot or I
haven't checked out this charity I don't
know how legit there the money goes to
heifer international - international AGI
FF er which gives the needy livestock
and training creating sustainable income
oh I've heard of that before I think
that's that's a neat that is a neat idea
so as I you don't just like send some
food to a needy village II like send
them a cow yeah like will pay for a cow
that's a good and I think that is a good
idea so yeah I go what world builder dot
org shit I'm doing something wrong why
can't I collect that marker
what am I doing wrong here collect all
the markers
all you have to collect them in order
lame
can you target them no you can only
target things you want to us weird
Jack only knows how to smash to be
further that's all you want to do in
this game well and this is the tutorial
so they are now teaching me how to do
other things so
right and it's a Hulk game did I do it
did it okay great da Marquez great I did
it
so did we confirm Ron Perlman minused
that sounded a lot like Ron Perlman so I
was like a weird game to get Ron Perlman
for Ron Perlman what was he doing back
then blade to you and doing nothing Hulk
can both climb and run up walls second I
was thinking of Sling Blade like they
made a sling blade to slang line deep
fried taters
my god you climb faster than spider-man
that's great
nothing wrong play dude no nothing wrong
plays dude Blazers great Hulk can run up
walls run into a wall with the left
analog stick while holding r1
Spiderman came at a celebrity intro CAI
yep tauriel
we need one - who can we get who can we
get the beast from the beauty in the
Beast TV series mr. ron perlman i don't
i don't think he was Hellboy yet Ron's
in the game that's right it was run our
Miller says Jack I finished the first
episode of dark yeah it's cool but I
have no idea who any of the characters
are or what the relationship is to each
other
uh-huh it's very confusing does that
aspect get better um it's a it's a big
cast if there's a lot there's a lot to
the cast I will I definitely agree via
and they're German and so yeah like the
answer to your question is yes oh that's
a way to do it - so just throwing the
missiles head through the missile
launcher supposed to like throw the
missiles okay oopsie but yes it does get
better and I believe that the the choice
to kind of make that a little make it a
little more obtuse it was intentional
because it is a mystery there's a
mystery involved but yeah it gets much
better you figure out who people are
such as a missile or battering that a
favorite ploy often referred to as the
steel fist technique is to turn a
vehicle into a pair of metal gauntlets
press the special button
yeah that's rickel members have you hit
a building
it would be great if I could like tear
down a building can why do I remember
that happening well maybe later
I can't I pick you up
check can you destroy buildings in this
I seem to remember that being a thing
well that might be in the real game this
is technically speaking a VR simulator
so I'm pretty sure you can well we're
gonna get into the real game okay hang
on a city you can I'm fine with the
double I don't do the dub man don't do
the dub do the subtitles you will thank
me I know it's and like you know I'm a
I'm gonna do the dub don't do the down
I'm a bar fat I'm not not reading a
scream I'm a I'm a fairly slow reader
and we've talked about overdubs versus
subtitles before and so like usually if
it's a movie I'll actually watch it
twice 1 1 so I can like know what's
happening in the story and then the
other two get the performance but I'm
telling you the their performance coming
through the English translation is
laughably bad which remembers things
from the alternate dimension again hey
hey last time I was the only one who
remembered it from the real dimension
all you were an alternate land it's true
he's true rich remember the proper way
to webs web swing
and how do we feel about the new Hellboy
I think the stranger things guy it's a
fine casting choice yeah yeah Matthew
Modine know the hopper is Hellboy what's
his name
I can't think his name but it's hopper
it's gonna be Hellboy
isn't that Matthew Modine who's Matthew
Modine the evil scientist guy Oh what's
what's David Arbor Thank You Chandler
oh I always thought that I thought he
was Matthew Modine his name always came
up first no so I was like no Matthew
Dean's name came up first cuz he was the
celebrity in the show other than Winona
Ryder who's the celebrity yeah what has
he been in things the movies what is he
Pitt in I don't think of off the top of
my head he's been in things has been
multiple things Davis
okay yeah yeah Full Metal Jacket oh okay
he's been in stuff he's been in stuff
all right
I remember him in Full Metal Jacket sure
also Samwise that's right Samwise is in
season 2 now says good evening good
evening legitimately legitimately love
it when rich replies to one of us by
calling them chat it makes me feel like
everyone in chat is one person a complex
but still obnoxious person then shatter
it's true there's too many of you you we
have we have we have to kind of lump you
into one entity chat first sometimes I
say that guy from chat or some people in
chat sometimes I I specify yeah
get the point don't be ridiculous
Blonsky we give away our position
corporal send in a fireteam one round
towards the outhouse by the West
epidural your names sometimes I don't
that time I did
haha really human you can move what I
was doing that what i'ma show you the
glowing things comes out of people III I
take their blood and I can spend it and
apparently they have just gamma
radiation in the MU Hulk has health you
do get to the city sooner or later hey
come here dingus I mean I understand
that need to give you help because you
know it's a video game what Hulk doesn't
get help what about like a like an
exhaustion meter Hulk can get tired
does he huh does he get tired bored
maybe I don't know the Hulk does get
tired ya ain't get tired we're talking
about sleep or exhaustion I think both
chat can the whole get exhausting
one of the numbers under the meter mean
I have no idea no one knows who cannot
get exhausted just less angry okay I
think if he's angry he's going to be
unexhausted
have you guys played the Wolverine
Origins game at all game based on a
terrible film good game based on this
terrible film no I'm gonna care about it
I don't care about the x-men or
Wolverine I'm sorry jack I think I might
have actually I think it might have
played it and I don't remember it being
a good game so oh shit damn yeah hit by
a tank you know it worked no you know
that shouldn't be I'm trying to pick up
the tank it's it's very beat up a bit
it's very finicky on what I can and
cannot pick up
come here you dingus there you go now
I'm gonna pick you up and throw you that
guy that one guy the Hulk can get tired
of your shit uh that's good as good on
his commander scruff commander scruff
proof Mark Hamill was Wolverine and
Wolverines revenge I don't know about
origins that weird that Mark Hamill was
over yeah sure
origin had to Jack wouldn't do the voice
on dad that makes sense
I mean man who was Wolverine for a
decade
Jack boy the steel hand thing that you
thought was useless yeah really that's
helpful against the tanks ah I could
also hit it with my regular Hulk hands
so I just pull up a building shot by a
tank
wow they're fucking you up Jack you're
gonna let those tanks fuck you up no man
I'm gonna do this what do you you look
at the card hands I'll go easier the
right discouraged right there triangle
fine Hulk doesn't need car hands he's
the motherfucking Hulk the whole cares
about the condition of a skin Jack
I'm wrecking this whole time
get out of here town sick of your shit
up did you ever find Bugs Bunny
attractive when he put on a dress and
played a girl bunny look they're whole
websites devoted to this it's not us man
that's from something that's from a
Kevin Smith movie that's from like
clerks to or something
that's from something that's that's well
I think I know what it's from but I'm
not sure so well Wayne's World that's
what it's from
that's from Wayne's World okay okay
that's uh Garth says that do you found
Bugs Bunny track dude Jesse puts on a
dress and dressed up like a girl bunny
from Adam Sandler says Jack I'm Jack
there has been hilarious news that you
might like
okay Ryan Reynolds has been cast to play
Pikachu and the detective Pikachu movie
fans are disappointed that they didn't
cast Danny DeVito what I don't know wait
there's a peak it sounds like a lot of
crap to me but what do I know that
sounds like that sounds like utter crap
I'm gonna put this out there you're full
of utter crap I'm gonna punch you
I hope they die in one hit when you have
the steel gloves like oh yeah you think
you can leave you just have to hit X in
the thing oh well I'm gonna punch this
guy first yeah okay great there we go
saying it's real Jack okay what the
Pikachu thing Ryan Reynolds is cast as
Pikachu in a and as like the voice of
Ryan Reynolds I don't know or care great
I absolutely so don't care I also I
guess I don't care that much either
Pikachu doesn't have a voice though like
he goes pika pika pika pika
before it's destroyed okay so ron
perlman is the abomination his toys in
the playground and I'm not
oh no he just Abama nice themself the
detective Pikachu movie will be a blend
of CGI and live-action what my I'll
probably see it if my kids are if it's
done it within the next few years my
kids will probably want to see it so I
actually care more about the DCU
then the first live-action Pokemon movie
yeah I can see that about you but they
might make a schism movie sexy Pikachu
is a live-action film where a talking
Pikachu solves crimes if talking Pikachu
is Ryan Reynolds I'm gonna be upset I
think that's gonna be dumb I like Ryan
Reynolds I think Ryan Reynolds is a is a
fun actor but I don't want to see like
wise smack talk and Pikachu yes
altameyer I officially care more for the
upcoming Aquaman movie then about a
Pikachu yes well there you go there you
go Simpson has green hair in this and
nobody knows why didn't he always have
green hair oh yeah
or in the continuity of this game has he
not gotten dosed with gamma whatever yet
whoo that's a girl character doc Samson
okay should pikachu be voiced by Danny
DeVito Jack why why would it be Danny
DeVito if no because it's a children's
movie so it needs to be voiced by a kid
it needs to have a young sounding voice
Jack Pokemon is nostalgia for 28 year
olds right now then it should be someone
of that age Ryan Reynolds is 45 Danny
DeVito is 102 I'm skipping this cutscene
I'm the Hulk again for some reason
probably should have jumped to the city
to acquire a mission it's probably the
glowing green one would be the city well
yeah I mean you ain't wrong yeah someone
like Zac Efron someone young someone
like someone who like the kids might
recognize the voice or just sounds young
cuz you want that young audience Pokemon
is still popular among children yes
which Pokemon is the largest franchise
of all time across all demographics oh
don't give me that shit
look look I'm I was actually trying to
say that it wasn't just for kids and
saying it's nostalgia for twenty eight
year olds as Jack was saying it's for
kids so fuck you that's true rich was on
your side this time yeah
this this movie inspired by all those
Pokemon go players who discovered dead
bodies ah
the funny part of that is all those
insects the rash of people playing
Pokemon go who found dead bodies
punching out cops
da-da-da-dah eat it kappa YUM
look out he's got a knife there got a CI
and I gotta watch this episode that old
might have a knife that Hulk might have
a knife great
am I supposed to go now siffredi get out
here
put the knife down Oakes whirs sir I
said put the knife down
it's my job in this just to defeat
police officers by the way that's my
admission this time cool
I can pick up a bus but not a tank
it was right there hey I love this game
just lets you blatantly kill people
right and there's no way to spend that
you throw a fucking bus at a cop and it
hits him he's dead but there's no blood
so they're okay with it
where's my exit here is it over here you
don't know oh oh next story mission
lightning straw right I'm probably
supposed to go to that green thing over
there and that's probably what I was
supposed to do
that's it slide safe good thing I was
wondering like fake advertisements or
they have real sponsorship or some sort
in this game was a blue sign in a
building that one yeah okay that's
something fake Clank Clank Clank Clank
Clank Clank Clank there's no blood so it
doesn't matter if you kill anyone kill
all the people you want there's no as
long as there's no blood that's the
general rule did you like the new
Avengers infinity trailer when we talked
about last week it was fine
although all the Marvel trailers are
pretty good yeah I'm fairly hyped fairly
hyped this to me it feels like a big
deal just because of the sheer amount
like this is everybody right like this
is fucking everybody who has appeared in
the Marvel Cinematic Universe that's
kind of what the Avengers was the time
exactly and when Avengers age of Ultron
came out it didn't feel like an event
like the first Avengers yeah this feels
more like an event and so it's the the
hype is real as far as I'm concerned the
question is rich yeah before it comes
out next year which one of us is going
to marathon every single movie in the
Marvel Cinematic Universe for the
enjoyment of others I don't know if I'd
do them all you have to know I don't one
of us has to go I nominate you jack I
didn't think this through
I'll probably catch like Doctor Strange
and Ragnarok if I haven't seemed that by
then yeah you should see those I don't
feel like I need to go nuts Jack wants
to I'm you know it could be fun
it could be fun to try it to try to
marathon them in one sitting what do I
mean but I mean that's a day's worth of
movies right at least
use me that's a that's a stream idea I
don't even know if you could like show
the video I'm just trying to think of
the logistics behind I have to be
worrying like headphones there's be an
image of you just watching it and just
tell tell people like okay now where
were you know there were time in time
we're at this time code now hmm not a
bad idea how you can do it hey you know
one day marathon and you're like a week
late no I'm a couple here in that I
think that the fun part would be doing
trying to do it in one right after the
other just for just to be sick that's
all huh that's fucking all of them
that's a lot what do you got what do you
got what do you got okay yeah cap they
got the incredible yeah well you got yet
Iron Man you got the incredible home
yeah you got Iron Man - you got cap you
got listen listen let's let's lump the
sequels together so we don't get
confused all right one whole movie oh-ho
right Captain America yep Captain
America Winter Soldier yep Captain
America Civil War yep
that's four right Ironman one Ironman
two Iron Man 3 yep
Thor Thor 2 Thor 3 yes oh we're at we're
at 10 at 10
great so no Avengers yep
age of Ultron yep 12 ant-man to get that
out of the way yep
Doctor Strange guardians wanted two
Guardians wanted to spider-man
homecoming
what are we missing here is that
everything I feel like we're missing
something
Black Panther buy them oh yeah has too
much black panther by then is that it
and that chant we started with the whole
so it's 18 I'm sorry that's 18 movies
yeah yeah so are you gonna are you gonna
comp with TV shows because they're in
continuity nope nope I'm sure not agents
of shield right and I've seen it online
I've seen it all
yes I mentioned civil war with the
Captain America movies cuz that's a
Captain America movie so wait 18 and
assuming are we assuming each is a
two-hour run time yeah just for shits
yeah just for sure it's ant-man 2 comes
out after infinity wash after doing it
what man - yeah man and wasp oh yeah
yeah man it was 36 hours minimum if we
assume each one is to our about two
hours long I'm sharper I'm missing some
that seems like everything though 36
hours of movie I'm still shocked we're
not missing something then making these
for 10 years
and they only have a day and a half to
show for it jack oh only yeah 10 years
18 including that black panther I just
googled okay great well so yeah ten
years but that's rich thinks there
should be more mobs no it feels like
there have been more well rich that's
one point eight movies a year yeah
that's a lot feels like it feels like
three in you shit
two years you know almost two a year is
is a lot and remember you know at the
beginning they didn't they didn't know
what they were doing so they had a slow
start throwing the shitty daredevil
Elektra movies they're not part of the
MCU you're missing the point
missing the fucking point we'll only
watch the movies that are connected yeah
in the same universe and yeah
technically yeah we could go Netflix
show we could go agents of shield we
could go in humans we could go all of
the little digital shorts that they used
to connect those we could get to you
know a lot more shit button just movie
wise that's that's still a fucking lot
man then then pool is not in the same
universe I'm sorry I'm sorry I know you
want it to be and here's the thing it's
it's already able to be read Condon
right you're missing the point
did you know that well what Dipple
Deadpool Deadpool had already built in
some in universe rent condemnation yeah
do you remember the big fight at the end
of the dead know yeah you know Deadpool
and colossus and negasonic teenage
warhead we're all fighting that dude on
the big ship looking thing in the wide
shot
it looks suspiciously like one of the
downed thing one of the downed ships
from Captain America Civil Logan or
Captain America Winter Soldier movie
okay so they gave themselves an in it's
the connective tissue
you think I'll well they can't really
work in the other x-men movies though
not no no no and I can't really like
they can't really work in Deadpool
because then you know that works in the
x-man Deadpool can break the fourth wall
on to get away with yeah then pool would
make some good jokes out of it yeah just
to crush Jack sanity let's include the
fantastic four movies yeah no no no guys
god the goal isn't to watch every comic
book movie ever I've already done that
the goal is to watch the entirety of the
Marvel Cinematic Universe in one sitting
which 36 hours that's that's not
anything I question the MCU really the
Netflix show should count they should
I'll put those on while I sleep how
about that how about that I'll do like
I'll do like 15 hours of the movies put
on the Netflix show while I sleep and
then watch the the other the other 18
hours
he ain't getting past the perimeter oh
that's cute you think you can stop the
Hulk but you can't because I'm schnitzel
says I'd rather go through 36 hours of
the MCU then go through two hours of the
DCE you you're not wrong oh so that'll
be the bit rich by the way that'll be
the bit you you you you have to do all
36 hours in the MCU and then I just have
to watch Batman V Superman well what's
the DCE UN it's the DC EU is Superman
Man of Steel Wonder Woman and Justice
League and Suicide Squad oh and Suicide
Squad so that's just ten hours but now
yeah
get up there
tell you what can I just have a movie on
in the background and I'll just turn on
like a game I'll play some hand to fade
to while the movies right is that legit
no that doesn't count
it's too bad that's what - you can start
with Wonder Woman and leave it at that
yeah it's the only somewhat worthwhile
moving there what a woman's fine
oh good it's Wonder Woman better than
any MCU movie age of Ultron about on par
right yeah that's the thing like age I
like the the final battle of age of
Ultron I like better than Wonder Woman
uh-huh even though it's just them
fighting robots you know there were
still some decent stakes - that might be
better than I'm not that fond of the
first Captain America the first first
part of that movies fine but when it's
just we have to fill in the gaps to get
him into modern day is to have ahead
establish history and the last half of
that movie is just like a fucking giant
training montage sure yeah I think you
could have an argument for that
so yeah Wonder Woman I'm gonna say a lot
better than the first Captain America I
could not the first half yeah first
Captain America but as a whole it's a
lot better I can see that argument
yes Civil War didn't really do it for me
either
some put Wonder Woman on par with Civil
War maybe better I liked a lot of Civil
War
yeah I liked a lot of Civil War you know
like what if he and you I know you
haven't seen them but Wonder Woman parts
of one like ant-man and you're Doctor
Strange yeah I've seen them and you
haven't seen those doctor it's it's
tough because like there's a lot of good
in ant-man like I'd say Wonder Woman is
on par with ant-man and Doctor Strange
where each of them
has one really good part but weaker
other areas Doctor Strange has one of
the most satisfying endings to a
superhero movie ever early as far as
Martha Marvel movies are concerned I
felt good about how the way it ended and
the way he as a character defeated the
enemy you're giving Wonder Woman way too
much credit
actually I'm giving the other movies
very little credit I just I wasn't that
fun - the first Captain America movie I
didn't like flat-out don't like it the
second half I really hate the Civil War
it didn't do it for me there's the one
spectacle scene and everything else was
which one what do you have a war that's
the scene it's not even the climax to
the fucking movie do they do the heart
filled small story or do your superhero
epic they pick one of them they do it
right it does feel like two ideas
smooshed together but I still like a lot
of it age of Ultron blah it's it's bland
but it's there it's serviceable age of
Ultron is serviceable right so Wonder
Woman's a little bit a little bit better
than serviceable a little bit better
than serviceable like I but Wonder Woman
has a really terrible final battle he's
it so like you know ready like age of
Ultron is this like yes it's good all
over right Wonder Woman is like starts
good and gets really good but then drops
and so it's like I think our lines
average out I need a likeable character
or likeable character arrghh not the
best thing ever Wonder Woman never had
that it's got no-man's land
that's all that matters that fucking
fights he was the greatest was the
fucking greatest so I'm not that super
hot on Wonder Woman just I'm putting it
ahead of some Marvel movies that I don't
think are all that yeah I'll be with you
I'm Captain America like I said I think
ant-man
I haven't seen it yet I can't speak a
Batman way to speak about the stranger
and I can't speak of right Brighton Rock
yep you haven't seen Ragnarok yet that's
true
like Iron Man two people hate on that
but Robert Downey jr. is Tony Stark us
and fun stuff mm-hmm
yeah I meant to is it was funny like
it's just it's clearly a movie that no
one had planned on making and then oh
shit this is gonna work let's make
another Iron Man Go Go Go Go our man to
whether it's when it's retconned Peter
Parker oh right yeah is that if that
been official was up and made of
everything I'd have been made official
okay but that was Peter Parker there's a
kid wearing on Iron Man mask in Iron Man
2 of the end scene that Iron Man saves
and now that's supposedly Peter Parker
retro actively it would make sense that
young Peter Parker was was at the the
stark technology convention yeah and
he's a proxy he would be approximately
the correct age yeah
the amazing but no the home homecoming
spider-man they're saying Tom Holland
was that kid retro actively it wasn't it
wasn't intended to be at the time but
you know it it makes sense for young
Peter Parker to be excited about going
to some kind of science thing yeah yeah
and I and you know what I like it
when did they establish that I know like
actors have talked about it and I think
didn't didn't Kevin Feige e faggy if I
go weigh in on it too
I like FICO the best I didn't get your
health back how do you get your health
back in this dang ol game
was it actually Tom Holland no no oh no
and it was not intended need to buy
air-recovery' what what
and whatever problems I had with the
first Guardian I'm putting it ahead of
Wonder Woman oh you know what and I
always forget that the Guardians in
there you know what guardians one I'd
put on par guardians to wonder ones
better because I did not like guardians
to I know everybody fucking likes
guardians to I didn't like it I'm gonna
have problems problems that I could not
personally overcome it's fine if you
still like it I don't care that much but
the chain shot huh the chin the chain
then they use that music that song Oh
glorious you'll never break the chain
dude was that the yondu rocket no I was
my favorite scene in the movie were
where star-lord stands up to ego at the
end he digs in it doesn't I just don't
care
no and I double don't care because he
would Mack Thank You Chet yes because he
has a Mac song the chain because he ends
it with you know turning into a big
pac-man was character appropriate as I
was lame
uncle EULA cough says related to edged
weapons yeah I saw that film and a
firearm course no I don't remember if it
was in the video or the instructors
collection but a morning star made of
fused railroad spikes was shown I know
there was a loose they showed so many
edged weapons there might have been a
morning star in there so many edges yeah
I gotta go see this not that I'm
criticizing it looks glorious but is
there a point to this game besides
smashing I'm trying to figure out I went
to him no no there's not a point to this
game besides smashing I I went to where
I thought the next mission was gonna be
and it said I needed something special
to do that mission and I don't know how
to get it I think I was supposed to buy
something back at the house and now I
need to figure out how to get back to
the house and I don't even know here's
how to get to the map is the disaster
artist even out here yet there's that
like tomorrow or the next day know
everything everything used to get
released first here and now it's like
the other way around everything opens in
Europe first yeah I just don't know
because you know you know why because I
don't plan on seeing the disaster
artists as I don't think I'd get much
out of it no shame
one of these days they'll see the room
and then I'll see the disaster artists
and I'll have that yeah we saw it years
ago
you guys didn't update twitch to say
hold we couldn't find it in there no I
did upgrade update which to say Hulk it
just wasn't this game because they
didn't have this game okay so refresh
your page Tomic mousetrap says I'm
sitting here looking at the map for
Universal Studios yeah trying to figure
out why the Waterworld stunt show is
still there right it's right there in
the brain Harry Potter it should be dead
it's and it's giant it takes up so much
space probably a really fucking good
show and how do you how do you rebrand
the water worlds you know there's no
other water themed thinking because it
is a big pool and people get are in
boats and they're in there in jet skis
it's this whole stunt show you you make
it jaws themed does that work
I think I know I doesn't because there
were there weren't any fist fights in
Jaws you know it's a shame they're not
doing Aquaman they could rebrand it as
Aquaman they need across well no that
would be where's their WB who has that
who was which I'm trying to think like
WB where does their where does their
theme park stuff go I think I have one I
know they have like some Looney Tunes
stuff and an occasional EDC characters
at like Six Flags oh okay yeah but I
think it's more of a licensing thing
sure they don't have like a park all
like you know Disney has Disneyland
Universal has Universal
I don't know if Warner Brothers owned
Six Flags or not but they have plenty of
attractions there that aren't related to
Warner Brothers properties just generic
rides right the eagle at Six Flags Great
America whatever Creature from the Black
Lagoon
studies show oh now you're talking now
you're talking
you got it The Creature from the Black
Lagoon is done show Harry Potter's WB
and that's in Waterworld needs its fury
road Oh what if they change it around
after Mad Max they actually do find the
ocean and you may get the Mad Max water
stunt Cheryl you needed the movie the
water road water road
Waterworld gets a lot of flack man and I
loved it I loved it
fury ocean fury ocean fury OSHA that'll
be the staff movie furiosa's sister fury
ocean yeah well no furiosa needs here's
that here's that here's the tie in
wrench
furiosa needs to find out the source of
all the water oh okay and she finds the
ocean hey or the big lake or whatever
can you imagine how insane a Mad Max
stunt show would be can you imagine how
gloriously insane rich the Waterworld
stunt show had explosions and gunshots
and fireballs it was insane I want a Mad
Max stunt show right fucking now where
every every two hours they just
demolished 50 cars and they're all
custom made cars with like spikes and
shit and they gotta make it
and every showing cuz they get fuckin
demolished well that's the end of every
fucking show that's just not gonna
happen man now you're talking crazy time
can you imagine how much better than
NASCAR that would be like NASCAR but
you're actually guaranteed to see an
accident right and while I want to do a
Mad Max stunt show all right we're gonna
have all these cars these car have
spikes yeah it's gonna be exciting cuz
any moment a spy could fly off a car go
right into the crowd then NASCAR fans
they love that shit
we're gonna build build a new one every
single time time we just can't do that
we're gonna blow right in the middle of
the desert for authenticity
people are gonna Mecca to come see the
Mad Max stunt show
my guy with a guitar we're gonna have
this whole band there there's gonna be a
new super semi-truck with the whole band
on it
the Duke band hey what do we have to do
yeah I really should have been paying
attention
endangering paying customers now you're
onto something
NASCAR's been doing it forever held a
baseball game you get hit with a fucking
line drive
I've seen some Bulls woman get hit with
a line drive at a minor league baseball
I'll watch this this giant fucking 300
power a 300-pound power hitter hit a
line drive right to an old lady's head
and this this large confident man
suddenly cowered and was horrified his
body language you just you see this
giant Hulk of a man just like slumped
over and doing shit like this cuz he
thinks he just killed someone right
which is very possible people go to
shows where they're in danger their
lives are in danger in the stands all
the fucking time
yeah
there was a few years ago major-league
game where it was just like between
innings the players go back there God
he'd toss the ball up and to the fans
and the fan trying to catch it like fell
out of the seat tumbled to his death Oh
No
yeah it wasn't even like I'm going from
a fly ball it was just the player there
was a big-name player - I forgot who it
was
that's crazy
went to catch it first kid yeah and over
I figured out what I needed to do well I
need to protect the building not destroy
it I started actually punching the
building and that was the wrong call I
need to protect the building woopsy
dupes
it's a train elevenses once more
promoting Worldbuilders org because
nerds are some generous people and if
this isn't a stream formed by nerds
I don't know what is give people animals
and training improve the world all right
did we get snow not yet it is cold as
fuck out suddenly - yesterday was
beautiful
yep and then just fuck you what's winter
yep
I'm destroying yeah yeah right here Ron
Perelman oh these tanks you kind of like
glitch for them though it's it's tough
to hit him yeah
you have to like hit them in the right
spot or else
there we go
check and rich I'm moving to Germany in
January for three years
anything I should do while I'm there a
bunch of German shit I said castles name
next month I'm it's a really beautiful
castle there you could visit
I think it's nice weinstein sounds like
it
sounds great without a violin string
no it's not Castle Wolfenstein yeah
before I design
dammit ah shit now uh I suck
major building this drive why don't we
use flamethrowers for snow because it's
a flamethrower it would melt the snow
your car and and your children and
probably light some trees on fire and
any small animals that happen to be
there that would be a that's a little
more harm no more harm than good
not you
you could use hot steam maybe that's
that sounds like a recipe for ice yeah
you don't want that yeah yeah man you
know like I know it like it's good to
think of new you know solutions to old
problems but you know sometimes just the
shovel and the salt worked the best you
know I had was like over well over a
decade ago now well over the years and
years ago it's basically a kid I was
just walking down the sidewalk yeah and
there's you know the residential there
was houses and stuff but the street it
was on fairly busy
okay fair amount of traffic on that
Street I'm walking down the sidewalk and
I I get to this one driveway and I don't
know what the fuck they did their
driveway was solid ice and on a slope
going down oh man I lost my footing I'm
sliding and I was having trouble sliding
stopping my slide I was gonna go right
into fucking traffic where cars were
going by sure
scary scary dammit I suck at this
I suck at this
what happened I didn't end up sliding
all the way into traffic what those
going down the driveway just yeah
shoveling salt and if it gets too high
hope that your neighbor has a snowblower
you just need one snow blower per block
really
oh I have the sonic clap alright that
was a shit story rich well sorry it
really needed to end in you getting
really hurt next time if you could get
really hurt
at the end of your sari that would
really be helpful to us the viewing
audience
sonic clap the fastest STD huh
open firm well
and every story with unpacking a small
chuckle you know that was a good one
rich you got you got to go back to the
classic something real ending those the
dilemma about whether or not to go back
and tie her back up right that's the
story ends should I go back no I can't
it's done
what oh here's just the stream
explosions well you know that's this
game I'm gonna be okay with that
yo is it is it fun it's it's pretty fun
I'm a little frustrated at this
particular level because I've played it
so many times and it seems unruly
difficult someone in the chats that they
gave up here you know I wouldn't that's
not surprising it's very hard like I
said to make it a minute I have to
protect this place for a minute and a
half still how long is a pin a minute
and a half and you know it's hard to see
where the tanks are they're destroying
the building pretty easily
the tanks like you don't always hit them
even though you seem like you hit them
well seems like you'd do better with the
car yeah I definitely do better with the
iron fists iron fist well I also need to
hit this no Hank our cop car behind you
right it's gonna be close jack oh my god
it's gonna be close
no now like a zillion more tank show up
see the the Harvard it shooting at the
building it's hard to see where the
tanks are out this this is a tough one
right here man say you need to use sonic
clap it draws in stuff so maybe it gets
the attention on you it draws in stuff
this is somebody sudden I'm just reading
the things all right all right no read
the things help me out let's try to get
past this rather focus and then
area-of-effect them so you have like a
ground I do
yeah I have a good ground pound yeah you
need to use your critical mass I don't
even know what critical mass is do you
have powers you uh can I'm like it this
is what I have do you have a like a
store you can go to to unlock things yes
yes
right
just have to you know use a little more
offense here do you have the sonic clap
yes I think that's this
oh that's seem to do a lot of damage
that's pretty good that was quick no no
that was just the first one it's okay
it's okay it's okay first one yeah Santa
clap your Center clap
we're gonna on it Oh tonight look at how
fast they destroy that Oh fucking
building critical mass refers to a green
bar under your health if you press two
attack buttons it gives you different
moves that's what your thing is not
charged whatever
shit oh this is nice
this is not gonna happen nope
nope not this time
not this time try beating the level
Trent try making an original comment mmm
the camp
Troy good and good nobody stood up Wow
they destroyed it extra fast this time
yeah no just fuck with you yeah just to
let you know they can oh look we got
that weird glitch again so Hulk is
massacring US soldiers yes that's kind
of what the Hulk does make sure you
charge your combos otherwise you won't
damage them
okay critical mass fi getting green
stuff enemies drop alright
evil Lord David says hey guys David here
hi David just got back from buying
someone a gift okay after thinking after
thinking about it more I've realized
it's a terrible gift for that person do
you have a similar story so I can feel
less dumb oh sorry
I do not evil Lord David waste not that
I can remember
i I might very soon with with Christmas
coming up I thought of a really nice
gift to get my wife who is on the phone
a lot and and I saw I said to myself
like oh she's on the phone a lot I bet
like a really nice pair of like
Bluetooth earphones you know she could
really use that and you know we have
Apple phones and so like oh they have
the new air pods which are where did
they go
oh I decide that's not gonna help
oh fuck
so they have the new the the wireless
air pods are what they're called and the
really nice Apple wireless headphones
area if it's fact area-of-effect if
they're close together you can get more
than one collect the green orbs where is
the tank follow the red thing I'm
following it look they keep their there
it do you think there's one to the right
of that - oh I don't know if you got
both with that listen
one at a time one at a time what did I
say get right do this
there we go there we go there we go did
good that time shit I need another car
are you a car nope
okay okay okay that didn't do anything
here we go there we go there we go there
we go there we go
or oh I need I need this car I need this
car come here car okay okay we can do
this we can do this we can do this
by the way I don't think we can do this
I'm just gonna put that out there oh
wait maybe maybe we can oh there it is
there's one right in front of the place
I'll go back I'll go back oh yeah yeah
okay okay okay we got I got this we got
this
you got a mini-map you got a mini-map
hmm they show up on your mini-map
oh right right Hey
okay okay great doing great doing great
oh you got it you got it you've got it
behind you yeah yeah I see
I see em I see em I see
I'm pretty good about that so to finish
my gift story right so these air pods
right I was like oh that's the perfect
gift nice Christmas gift something
useful but also something that you would
never get for herself
would you get a perfect gift and then
you know sorry I'd like a bottom hit him
wrapped him put him away and then like a
week ago she wanted to like watch
something on her phone or something and
she comes into my office do you have any
headphones cuz yeah when I wanted to
watch this thing I'll show ya on my
phone didn't want to be too loud so like
I grabbed her a pair of Wired ear pods
from it was just like oh no like
headphone headphones I hate those ear
pod things I'm that way I'm that way I I
thought it was story I have one yeah
okay remember this is the other guy I
told you who thought angels or aliens
but communicating through patterns you
saw on the rocks it's that same guy okay
and this is this is years before that he
wasn't quite so crazy back when mmm-hmm
and he's a friend of mine and Karen's
and he likes music
okay so music fan yeah so me and Karen
we bought him his first music player mp3
player oh nice mm-hmm never never had
one before he got his first mp3 player
yeah guy likes music Caleb's president
and it's like it's like we gave him a
lump of coal confusing me didn't get it
you could put all your music on then
listen oh oh oh two weeks later yeah he
was even something that experts just
downloading everything and get this out
there and get that uh when we first gave
it to him magical device that holds
hundreds of songs what I supposed to do
with this hey what a lame present lame
oyd he didn't get it he did get it well
that's like that's my that's my quad
that's my this is my my thing now where
it's like I think she would
you know there are a little different
fit these earbuds mm-hmm the the air
pods they're a little different fit and
they don't have the cord and so they
won't pull as much on your so do I stick
with my original thought and give her
the air pods or mad scramble for a new
Pro mad scramble instead it's not a way
it's the something in your ear of zero
tating yeah yeah yeah it's irritating
you might be right
I got a mad scramble yep well shit well
shit
especially now that she knows that you
know she doesn't like she doesn't like
earbuds it might just seem like a fuck
you didn't I just tell you what he's
like right
no she taught me she wouldn't say that
she was she oh thank you and then never
touch them ever and I would know that
she would never touch them ever all
right hey Jack talk about your secret
present watch the streams if I if I
thought she watched her streams I
wouldn't say anything all right
let's see here now we are to the point
in the stream in which we think everyone
who subscribed to us during this very
stream I don't turn that options not the
whole choices I know how well that is I
better just turn off
I can do that and then we'll go like you
are like this like this all right there
we go all right so these are the people
who have subscribed to us during this
very stream or are you all cut up on
tips yeah yeah like a vari axe thank you
for subscribing Skippy brown flip Master
Yoda dark Jack wolf six star killer 1633
for 12 months in a row who says love the
stream guys since you are playing
spider-man 2 I just wanted to ask you
guys whether you thought people should
bother seeing the Sam Raimi spider-man
movies or or no since homecoming was
better than I'd say no but I was never
that big on the Sam Raimi movies anyway
and they're not terrible but I wouldn't
go out of my way to launch them again I
think the first two are worth of viewing
for two reasons one I do think they are
genuinely good movies and the movies
that Sam Raimi was trying to make which
yes is a little more hokey er of a Peter
Parker and spider but also as a prime
example of kind of coming out of the
awkward years of superhero movies that
would like spider-man was part of the
transition into what are the modern
superhero movies so if you like modern
superhero movies watch what their father
did affair I'd give Batman a lot of the
credit even then though like both super
both Richard Donner Superman and Batman
89 were kind of the the stumbly steps
how are they stumbling because they
didn't capture the tones of the books
correctly I'd argue that about Sam Raimi
spider-man
different books there were Sam Raimi
spider-man was more comic book II
alright alright Richard Donner one
wasn't Richard Donner totally comic book
hey not not totally not totally so I
don't know I look look I absolutely even
though I wouldn't recommend the Sam
Raimi I definitely definitely absolutely
would not recommend the amazing
spider-man it's not like I have to hate
one and like the other we we both can
agree on that we both can agree on it
I'll put the Sam Raimi movies far above
the amazing spider-man losers shit okay
well then there you go uh most evil Bob
the real they on for 25 fucking months
in a row says when is Jay coming back
Twin Peaks has been over for months he
has no more excuses Jay's always welcome
he will come back I'll tell you exactly
what he's when he'll come back when he
feels like it humberto Cabbage Patch for
35 fucking months in a row says looking
forward to ringing in 2018 with prereq
confetti that's true
this new subscriber for 20 fucking
months in a row says Betty botter bought
some butters she Betty bought her me
Betty botter bought some butter but she
said this butters bitter if I put it in
batter it will make my batter bitter so
Betty botter guys burger Betty botter
bought a bit of butter better than the
bitter butter and she put it in her
batter and the batter was not bitter
there you go and anaemic turtle Zach
wave says is Tarantino interested in
making a good movie yet that's bait to
get me to talk about Star Trek you
bastard I can see straight through it
hyper
hyper starts start ace I think I predict
themselves I think it's a Warhammer 40k
thing 30 K 20 K how many can at least 20
miss at least 20 case bear mem Behrman
20 cakes 20 kegs of case deeply water
bear and you've may as well do the next
one I'll do the fun - Godfather 42 for
35 second month in a room I feel like
I've lost it a little bit there we go I
got a bit and got fired for through that
some day and this day may never come I
will cancel my stuff but until that day
consider this money a gift on my
daughter's wedding day you get the bit
red-nosed 13 13 for 15 months in a row
he'll V babyface Andalus Darth herb who
says I assume you're not going to play
any battlefront
- no like we could have gotten the
original battlefront 2 for the
PlayStation 2
I'll make that happen don't worry it'll
be great no no I mean no oh it can be ok
but it can be also a single-player I
didn't know that
we're gonna play some battlefront to
take a nap laser face McCoy 39
motherfucking months in a row says cool
rock that ps2 we did the off switch for
twenty three fucking months in a row
says I used to work in a place that had
machines like in the slot video and the
people who talked about their random
number generated like they made some
genius opening in chess pissed me off
constantly thank God for the edged
weapon save the slot machine video is
amazing yeah it's it wasn't if this was
not a surviving edged weapon safe it
really it really wasn't it was three
videos and each one got better than the
last manners it was okay it wasn't there
was there was a wheel episode we didn't
want her to story anything oh wow yeah
matters was fun I mean the slots guy
that would have been a winner if it
weren't for surviving edged weapons but
this guy was insane yeah yeah but the
machine of the machine machine that was
right right put the quarters that's the
instructional video and playing the slot
machine he's just rambling nonsense
510,000 afraid he's just he's just
reading what's already on the machine
he's not giving you new information he's
literally just reading the machine I
love it it's got bonus it goes around I
got me 20% to 30% that that guy was
great it was the it was not a surviving
edged weapons save no it wasn't there
were all the old writing and weapon
amazing but but the fucking coked out
weird ass slot machine guy is fantastic
on his own that's gonna be a hidden gem
one of these days it was out he was
outclassed by edged weapons right and
one of these days someone's gonna be
like hey you remember that slot machine
guy oh yeah let's see here Texas
panhandler for 14 months in a row
top ramens for 33 fucking months in a
row who says how can I get that cop
videos on YouTube just search for
surviving edged weapons
all their full video all their beautiful
home a beautiful beautiful ho says
spider-man probably uses his webbing for
toilet paper right mmm Parker's too
broke for that I was gonna say you
should usually in the comics his webbing
is rather expensive and I don't think it
would make for good toilet paper I mean
it's sticky sticky well you know could
if it doesn't stick to his skin and then
it would be a very good toilet paper but
it would be more expensive than just
buying toilet if it doesn't stick to
skin isn't that in that kind of what do
you support it sticks to itself
interesting yes so yes it sticks to skin
it dries shortly after its shot out sure
so he could let it sit around for bed
and then use it as toilet paper but I'm
probably like wiping your ass with like
clay right I doubt it would be very
satisfying no my guess is poor student
Peter Parker uses the bathroom only at
the Daily Bugle yeah yeah you know he'll
go number one at home but he always
saves he always saves his number to talk
about that weapon can't be very
expensive to make there's the afford
webbing there's been a few well you know
depending on the continuity right like
he usually makes it like in his in the
chemistry lab right right it has to be I
want to say they've made off an
innocence is he stealing it is he a
fucking hypocrite no he can't be
stealing it he's spider-man well he's
doing it at the school taking it for his
own uses that's bet he's a fucking
hypocrite or he buys the materials and
just uses the school to like mix them
together his body makes it fuck you go
get out of here and get it right now you
you you right smithy maquettes
thank you first
scribing why don't you old men going to
retire look Social Security is not gonna
be a thing when I'm old I'm never gonna
be able to retire nope you got you
yep yep yep yep klompen dango says
absolutely nothing happened in Sector 83
by 9 by 12 today I repeat nothing
happened in Sector 83 by 9 by 12 what
does that a reference to and do I have
to be afraid that I said that I don't
you know me I don't remember things or
places or people I've just stopped
reading cryptic things Pizza train 11
for thirty four fucking months in a row
who says two more months and it's party
time you hex junior bacon fat kid
grandma Tarkin - says me first me first
beer coaster for 15 months mr. melih
Koda okay Joe kitty
double-o one says nothing beats a hobo
life Stabbin folks with my hobo knife
that's that's just a little no bow humor
for you a little a little hobo humors
for you no bows it's a Simpsons
reference let's assume that's this okay
that's the Simpsons reference and I
finished up the reference okay I
finished up the reference EMP Cara
Delevingne gee who says Merry Christmas
hack Franz Christmas - Tom to be
announced says ten months almost a year
keep on sucking guys I mean truck Targo
pizza Denso washington for 15 months in
a row TECA brush says spider-man knows
how to protect himself from bladed
weapons I'm spider-sense is Deming
he just runs away Cal run twenty-seven
who says rich Jack have my prime money
Jack glad you are enjoying this classic
Spidey game rich I'm going to emulate
the shit out of this game and break all
the Jack rules of legal gaming alright
well they're my rules and out you know
the rules I follow you don't have to
follow them I fall I have my own
guidelines regarding these things zactly
FC lead for 16 months in a row I'm not
gonna like tattle on you Cal wrong also
I don't even know how I would dad Ilan
you a horrible glories for 37
motherfucking months in a row says hey
guys I feel that rich is
Transcontinental pure Joe from the
sweeper episode did not get a proper
recognition the sweeper episode the best
of the worst
the the sweeper the guy was like a
vigilante that's where the just ice
thing came in were you not there for
that one you know
okay there's a car chase I'm like a pure
and this pure muscle is comically longer
than a peer should be okay I called it
the Transcontinental pure that happens
yeah thank you
well there you go a tard core who says
rich I don't care what Mike says you
look handsome in your enact man alert
well I knew nobody would agree with him
I wasn't bothered by this
I know editing made it look like I had a
sad face yeah no I was fine
Noah's free Oh subway gift cart terrible
gift by the way
terrible I love it subway gives you I
gotta go to Subway Selby 54 lady Denning
for twenty four fucking months in a row
turd smuggling says
makes for the entertainment you fucks if
you haven't already I highly recommend
you check out three billboards fantastic
performance is so good okay I know like
that's supposed to be good I I have a
lists of movies that a recent movies
that are higher up on my list including
that immortal swordsman one I need to
find out where the nearest showing of
the shape of water is the new Guillermo
del Toro movie there are movies higher
up on my list than three billboards
which I do hear good things about you
you can you can just take an image of me
just looking away with no expression on
my face
zoom in on it and in the right context
it looks like a sad face
that's the editing axis yes you you look
at the face then you look at something
else and then the viewer gets to
interpret what the face is that's how it
works that's how Steph ed o
double-oh-seven says Merry Christmas
guys what are some of your favourite
holiday traditions I don't really have
any favorite holiday traditions okay I
gotta be honest Christmas doesn't mean
much to me these days yeah yeah hmm it
just doesn't Christmas never meant a lot
to me yeah because we were always gone
we always left we were never in town for
Christmas and having a birthday is so
close to Christmas it always have both
of them because people would get you
like a birthday present be like oh this
is your Christmas present too and you
just go wah wah wah so my my favorite
and here's my favorite holiday tradition
leaving town it's always great the fiery
dog poop says what's the best tongue
twister that you know I I don't study
and recall tongue twisters it's not like
a copy of mine so I've always liked
unique New York yeah
that one makes my tongue do funny things
unique New York
unique New York unique New York and
unique you know those are good on ya and
it's and it's so simple unique New York
unique New York
also sister Suzy sells herself to
sailors unique New York is deceptively
effective isn't it mr. words yeah that's
not a complicated tongue twister it's
just two words yeah that's a nice one
yeah unique New York we did curious
jellow
the end hero evil Lord David for 13
months in a row who says hey guys David
here again now you just pandering and
and I appreciate it it's a bit that I
like and I appreciate it but a god at
least have a message after nope space
alien super cocaine for 19 months in a
row says biggie smalls biggie smalls
biggie smalls
word word crispy-fried man 421 fucking
months in a row no leftover beefcake for
37 motherfucking months in a row says I
saw Suzy sitting in us oh I saw Suzy
sitting in a shoeshine shop where she
sits she shines and where she shines she
sits ok it almost makes you want to say
shits I guess yeah I get it
tofu ate 13 months in a row since I'd
like to thank both of you for all the
fun over the years also it was nice
knowing you hack frogs frogs some frogs
yes head of tech frauds not much longer
till all Star Wars all the time all the
time Star Wars I don't I don't know that
I'm gonna be able to pull this off I'll
probably I'm probably free I probably
have to see it but I kind of want to be
the guy that doesn't just to sit this
one out I just sit this one out
how many thing I that doesn't see Star
Wars you got to bring that up to the
bosses
and you know what they'll say you're
going to the fucking movie you got to
know what's going on let's go now where
we have uh no body
oh and man shot 789 thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true that's the thumbs up right you
can't do it in front