Full of Sp(el)unk!
April 7, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zDvUOsozY-k

okay here we here we go
okay now we're ready to go speelunk
spooling
that's why won't you tell us about your
kidneys they're fine
the diabetes thing is a running joke see
the jokes we tell the jokes sometimes
they're not funny it's a thing Mike
saying okay said once and then he said
it again he was Mike thought it was
funny right then he kept saying it then
he kept saying it and I don't think this
might kept saying it and now all the
fans said cuz its thing
how far is Taco Bell from the student we
do not have a talk about close to the
studio because if we did I would eat so
there's nothing fun to have to do the
tutorial again
god damn it it's not that far jack if it
was closer I'd eat there more on closer
so it needs to be closer that is on the
cusp of two farness what I'm saying is I
love Taco Bell I don't get it you know I
like what you like but I don't get it
it's delicious it's delicious taut and
cheap and it's great right right
oh now there's more I didn't scroll oh
my god she got scroll a lot I thought I
thought it was cut up but not all that
him close to caught up Daniel from SL
says hey rich and Jack I would just like
to thank you for the countless hours of
entertainment and Earlham and prereq
keep up the non politically correct
reviews and forced Mike to play video
games
golden formula no we're not kicking and
screaming and he would hate it this is
not gonna happen
we're not even gonna ask because we know
it's not gonna happen
there's you some things that you know
news everyone says capitals in your
username to designate the beginning and
ending of words it's very helpful very
helpful you should look into doing that
it says hi dudes hi you spend a fair
amount of time sharing yourself
thousands of responsive strangers via
prereq and best of the worst that's true
was it hard for your ego to adjust to
that how do you perceive your audience I
have very little ego I quite quite the
opposite I have horrible self-esteem
issues on the whole I've just made peace
with it up you know and I suppose part
of my ego is what led me to do this in
the first place yeah people want to hear
what I say much much harder than doing
breast of the worst just acting I can't
stand seeing me act I know I know
I consciously know it's horrible very
I'm very conscious of that you know
you're just thinking about it too hard
you're a fine actor oh I thank that
tutorial how do we perceive our audience
was a ton of different individuals right
there you guys aren't a hive mind and I
know that I've had bad experiences with
fans few you know I've had nothing but
positives nothing but positives I ran
into a guy recently who is taking film
and TV classes over at MATC and he's
like hey man I watch your show I'm
taking I'm you know I'm looking to do
the things that make the videos thanks
for inspiring me I was like yeah Dawg
you rock
but most of you are are friendly and
great most of you the vast majority of
people who have recognized me
our friendly engraved friendly right
that's me
how dare you call me an individual
how do we view the non donating viewers
the exact same we appreciate we
appreciate you said anyway I like the
donating viewers more the the one thing
that I I guess that's fair if you want
rich Evans to like you you have to
subscribe and donate it in fact the only
fans I've met that I haven't like they
haven't subscribed or don't know the
jerks I mean common thread right the one
thing I don't understand being being
someone who you know I'll moderate our
YouTube comments which is not to say
like I don't obsessive I don't obsess
over our YouTube comments but you know
like in the comments section there is a
way to like Auto moderate and every once
in a while you need to like double check
on that so you know YouTube will mark
certain things as spam and maybe you
don't want it to be spammed so you know
you have to double check that kind of
stuff and there there are a couple
people who like constantly comment on
our videos and are just like really
upset that I'm in them all the time yeah
and and there are some people who are
just like will not let go of the fact
that I am a part of prereq and so I I
just don't even understand why they're
watching I know I don't get that you
know but nobody's been a jerk to you in
person
no I know who's been a jerk to me in
person so so either you've never run
into somebody who doesn't like you in
person or they're just gutless cowards
probably gutless coward okay I would
assume okay is what I assumed I'd assume
it's just part of their daily routine
they go to our YouTube see we we upload
at the same time every day
Oh they've upload a new video alright an
asshole comment and if they ever met me
they'd probably go hey that's it that's
what they would be like in real life
yeah yeah a coward I'm looking at you
bored games something there's a board
game something
dicken bacon oddity grab me the wrong
way okay I had some relatively mild
criticisms of the women's March and
suddenly in our comments thread I was
worse than a Nazi but you know what
you're certainly not a Nazi agenda I
don't understand how that was not mild
well I don't understand how that was not
my old here's what I'll say is you
brought you kept bringing it up okay is
that's what you know like you're making
you make a comment like okay that's a
comment you did make an issue of
bringing it up often so I could see
where they would where they would see
like also bringing it up often but you
know what rich Evans is no Nazi but
you're hurt you're hearing it here from
the source straight out of straight out
of the horse's mouth rich Evans
maybe that's his name I don't know you
know what it doesn't matter oh you
another Jack stream this that's what big
is common is all times like come on man
what are you gonna do what are you gonna
do oh well it's you know what it just
doesn't matter it just does we're here
we're here we're on get used to it it's
gonna did that a plan the popular
if I'm gonna skip ahead because I saw
this message pop up okay
Dilma hecka says I'm just sending this
tip so rich Evans appreciates me a
little more than the rest of you viewers
yay affirmation baby bill we appreciate
you even though did I see that you
didn't like the the Vivek was that you
bill
the Vivek Vivek the which oh okay okay
pronounce the Vivek which is a movie
that for a long time was the running gag
was that Jay hasn't seen it yet yeah I
finally got a chance to watch it it is
it's free to Amazon Prime subscribers oh
okay okay
and God Sam is that a fuckin good movie
the Vivek you know like is something
that you and I can both agree on is like
some of the best sci-fi is just slow and
yeah sci-fi yeah get into the world and
that's what kind of horror suspense this
is there's there's like shockingly
little blood it is all atmosphere Oh
classic music it is all fuckin
atmosphere and it's gorgeous
so the Vivek as you guys know already
because Jay has already gushed about it
just a movie you need to see okay what
little he was a butt pooper out of the
butt but says yep hey guys I under what
circumstances would you two kill each
other note mercy killings and suicide
pacts count accidents are hiring
assassin do not also what's the most
you've thrown up in a day
well if Jack were coming at me with a
knife for some reason I think it would
be justified but I'm pretty confident
that's not gonna happen
you say if I was coming at you with a
knife you would kill me like a like a
crazed look on your face so if I were
trying to kill you yeah
you would then kill self-defense is
acceptable sure sure yeah I kill rich
for a medium-sized amount of money like
I'm not talking about like one last job
retirement like just a couple months
mortgage paid $1,100 a Japanese have I
ever killed somebody potentially I I did
untie a small girl and let her run free
in a in a large urban area there is
quite possible you field somebody if not
killed possibly scarred for life I know
that wasn't the Pokemon go stream that's
just classic rich Evans novices check
out Amazon's new show Patriot
exclamation point patriot patriot it's a
dark comedy about a post-traumatic
stress disorder suffering CIA CIA agent
on a mission to stop Iran's nuclear
program the premise sounds kind of
boring yeah but it's incredible oh no
that's that's where all the good shows
are going now is the subscription
services you want you want a good show
you get you got to go to Netflix or Hulu
or Amazon Prime I'm still waiting for
the tick you haven't gotten the tick in
like
what's it like with hood that you have
killed somebody without knowing anything
in some bizarre indirect way some
bizarre indirect like like you you you
littered on the ground yeah somebody
slipped on that litter and fell down the
stairs the day after sure classic that
you know that is that's a classic Billy
Madison the banana peel on the road um
how likely I'm you know what I'm gonna
say very butterfly effect yeah yeah the
question is how far how far away still
counts is you contributing to the murder
or to the killing right how far away is
it just one step or is it a couple steps
I'm not sure I'm not it when I need to
hear examples I don't think it is
something like you slow somebody down in
in traffic enough and then they end up
an intersection later than they would
have and then they get t-boned by
another car that was crossing at that
moment oh sure it's something like that
oh that's okay it's entirely possible
that's one yeah that's one step away is
you you set someone on the direct path
to them killed Yeah right you notice
someone shoe is untied and you let them
know they stop to tie their shoe and so
you didn't tell them that they would
have they would have noticed the shoe
was untying at the time that the sniper
aimed at them and they ducked and missed
it they what happen exactly but there
she was tied and they didn't notice it
was untied so they got shot the head
because you were trying to be you're
trying to be helpful right so I'm gonna
say I'm gonna say it's very likely that
in some indirect way you have you have
killed someone okay okay
very very likely that now that to me
that doesn't count is murder obvi no no
that wouldn't even count as like you
know in like what do they call it what
do they call it when you like kill
someone driving drunk involuntary
manslaughter
mm-hm like that doesn't even count is
involuntary manslaughter that's just
like part of life but yeah you could be
listening listening to two previously
recorded just the audio on their phone
in the car
and I start laughing and that causes
somebody to swerve and traffic right and
go over the curb and and ram into a bus
full of schoolchildren and nuns dead
because just mice preaching in their
ears causes them to lose complete
control over their car or true or just
your screeching causes them to laugh and
because they laughed their eyes were
slightly watered over and that means
that they couldn't see the thing it's
not even your shriek it's just you
laughing I just killed them right now
right it's possible anything's possible
rich through the power of Christ I've
talked about this before I did come damn
damn close to killing a small child I
was driving down the street and I was
fortunately for me I was going the speed
limit it's a quick it was a race lived
in Chicago it was a blind corner where I
used to watch people take that at like
twice the speed limit all the fucking
time without a care in the world but B I
was super conscious about it and I was
going slow to begin with I was going the
speed limit and I see this little girl
and her father walking on the other side
of the street and I just saw a kid I
slowed down even more this is Sonic had
a bad feeling about it sure sure
and then I don't know what the fuck this
little this little like 6 or 7 year old
girl saw on the other side of the street
she just out of nowhere she just starts
bolting across the street right in front
of my car I had a slam I mean I was
going slow as it was I had to slam on
the brakes that's so messed up
yeah cuz she saw something I must have
been fucking inches away from that girl
when I stopped and all I can really
remember is just the look of absolute
horror on I assumed it was her father's
face like oh shit
I'm watching my daughter about to get
killed yeah yeah and then followed by
relief followed followed by anger when
she was walking back out
god damn he almost got killed do you
know
your mother would be at me rich the law
doesn't care if you want the speed limit
even with camera I do I didn't want to
hit a small chuckle I cared I cared
because I knew that fucking stretch of
road was dangerous because it was all
residential building people can't see
around they take that curb at like 40
miles an hour all the fucking time sure
sure
kids are stupid kids are stupid and they
have no sense of self-preservation yep
heck some adults don't have senses of
self-preservation kids are even worse
that is your Holt like that is job
number one as a parent is this thing is
going to try to kill itself you have to
stop that
later fuck you spider captain blue 42
says the underground theater in the
witness also had a lecture slash
interview with Richard Feynman five
Fineman sorry the ending to ten of us
Keys movie nostalgia two lectures and a
one-hour presentation with no visuals
what the fuck I don't know why he was in
the witness but Richard Fineman oh he's
an entertaining person yeah he was uh he
was a frickin nuclear physicist and he
would frequently go to strip clubs and
play Congo drums when he was working on
the atomic bomb at the fucking
government base they were at his hobby
was going around and picking safes as a
hobby for fun just for fun at the
top-secret Los Alamos nuclear bomb
research facility I bet if you got the
clearance level like you can get away
with a lot of shit look up look up
Richard Fineman he's he's fucking
awesome you know and watch watch the
interview with with Manhattan Project
yes it was he was ahh he was in a met it
was one of the United States top
scientists at that time it's also the
guy who figured out what what brought
down the Challenger the o-ring no that
wasn't him that was him he was um he was
on the team that did that yeah he was a
famous press conference where he
demonstrates what happened right but
then later he gave credit to where
credit was due okay okay - - and I know
this just because it was it was recently
Women's History Month and and my kid did
a project on Sally Ride America's first
female astronaut okay
and it was Sally Ride who actually
discovered okay okay what what we're
wrong in the Challenger mission so
but at the time they didn't give her
proper credit
you know why she's a woman or I don't
know I'm sure there's another reason but
but like I said my kid just did a
project honors oh fuck it's possible
Fineman was famous enough she got
overshadowed hey that's very possible -
or they're like dammit I pissed off the
old guy no Sally Ride was not in the
Challenger that was the schoolteacher
the that was this that was the
schoolteacher Christine I was forgotten
aim her Sally Ride is is dead now yes
right it is passed away she was the
first female astronaut astronaut she
also until recently had the longest
spacewalk yeah she helps developed the
the arm on the shuttle you know like
that little arm that yeah yeah we just
did the project so I know a ton about
Sally Ride and then she became a teacher
and she worked on the Challenger also
unbeknownst to NASA totally a big
lesbian so also the first lesbian in
space
that we know
so a retroactive it was it was not it
was not public information that she was
lesbian until after her death okay so a
retroactive LGTB activists I say right
right yeah I'm saying how hard it but
come on
no that's all my Sally Ride research I
know nothing more about Sally Ride
lesbians in space I want to move off
that topic too early you know what else
do you need to know and space you want
to get that NASA budget back I'm working
on a movie just a project to put a bunch
of lesbians in space you saying millions
of dollars millions of dollars I'll give
you 500 million dollars yes and you know
what it raises it raises national
interest threefold okay the LGTB
community is super happy that lesbians
are going to space all those horny guys
are really excited about all the
lesbians in space and all the hard core
fundamental Christians are getting
lesbians off of the planet Earth they
don't like they don't like the space
program anyway yeah but the lesbians are
leave it on they don't like the fasted
the fact the earth is round they're
leaving the earth be with your joke that
was a fine joke I was in my own space
Jack I got it too late I got it too late
that's all right
I forgive you this time alright was
happening I was gonna renew temple I'd
read it I just want to make sure we're
done with lesbians now done with
lesbians in space
it's been a while since I face the ghost
and I messed up I messed up
here comes the ghost cuz I fucked around
I did and you know what I thought I
could use the ghost to get some quick
money and I failed because it's been a
long time since I fought the ghost
half-hearted says how far did I bought
my seven-year-old an xbox because she
wanted the Kinect it's collecting dust
as she has discovered and fell in love
with my Ness with this unique
opportunity what game should I introduce
her to oh wow yes Wow
oh god megamen - do you have d of all
the Mario's I mean that's just so our
three threes the best Marie yeah yeah
I'm okay with that
I'm the ness I'm okay with that three is
the best Mario on the Ness uh-huh where
do you go you know cuz like that's
tricky cuz you need like the combination
of slightly okay looking graphics and
but in killer gameplay so like I don't I
don't think like Zelda is too much for
someone that young how old 7 yeah I
wasn't any fucking good at I played
Zelda when I was 7 but did you play
Zelda because it was good and because it
is good retro actively but it was also
all we had you know um no I when I was a
kid I had bought into the zelda hype you
know I was too young to be any good at
it okay punch out punch out is fan top
to your game there you go punch out boom
boom done punch out that's a great one I
was big on the ninja gaiden games but
way too hard for somebody who's seven
right oh I think I was ten I think I
forced myself to beat her I just had to
know how it ended
first game that had prominent cutscenes
Jack I had to know how it ended
is that is that our next classic look so
I can so I can shit on cutscenes sure
sure play
what was it nits way the original ninja
got her and you going to original they
both had cutscenes
I just need an excuse to shit on
cutscenes DuckTales Oh duck tails duck
tails ooh is what I meant to say why am
i drawing up so many blanks like
goodness games should be the easiest
fucking thing in the world to talk about
because there's a lot of them yep and
and you've been asked to like say to
name like one out of a million good
games because there's a ton of good
games Super Mario Brothers for is called
Super Mario for this world and it's on
the Super Nintendo right so so it
doesn't count when you're talking about
NES games get your head out of your ass
as I guess what rich is sand Metroid
I liked it well enough sure when I was
young I'd say I'd say weights of suit
until you can get her Super Metroid
Super Metroid is is you think it's
better just to go straight to Super
Metroid original Metroid stuff you know
like it's a Nintendo hard so well we
handled the shit we're kids yeah but we
handle this shit we and I fucking beat
Ninja Gaiden when I was 10 but here's
here's part of the broader horizon we
didn't have any other options that's all
we had if we didn't want to play that
we'd had to what go outside like a
sucker read a book get out of town right
she doesn't if she doesn't like it
she'll go back to playing banjo-kazooie
on the Xbox Castlevania yes River City
ransom hell yes
Oh River City ransom yeah yes Chad river
city ransom
now exhaust big pass now a talking
ghosts and goblins I'm not that fond of
the ghost thing on the NES version like
ghouls and ghosts like when you got to
the the 16-bit era those were great
super ghouls and ghosts and ghouls
ghouls and ghosts ah what's big on
ghosts and goblins especially with how
insanely hard that is
I've heard that there was just a new
river city ransom I don't know that much
about it and I'm not at all against
playing it actually I guess we could
stream bad the new River City right now
yeah yeah sounds like a great idea that
sounds like a great idea rich let's make
that happen how do we make that happen
we just do it next stream oh sure that's
a good idea
we just do it because we have control
over what we stream I guess listen I
guess if I wanted you to oversimplify
this they have any Donkey Kong on this
yeah they had the you know like the
classic arcade Donkey Kong and Donkey
Kong jr. had an NES release both are
bundled together actually I like that
was a fine arcade game yeah I had some
ours and Donkey Kong jr. they want to
know if we're gonna play the new shovel
Knight update oh yeah that's not to know
um the answer to that is maybe maybe
maybe probably how do you like that I
think we get it for free right like if
we already own shovel Knight we get that
as a free update um I think I want to
say thank you pretty sure yeah I want to
say that's true so let's just say it's
true because you know what I want to say
it's true so
nice doobie sandwich says does it annoy
you that you have to change locations
for your streams and reviews recently I
keep confusing your prereq reviews as
best the worst episodes because you
occupy the same room that's interesting
it wasn't a case where we had to wait
what you're already done does it annoy
you that you have to change locations
for your streams and reviews well we
don't anymore
what was the rest of that recently I
keep confusing your prereq reviews as
best of the worst episodes because you
occupy the same room you're confused
because the way that's worded it seems
like they think we had to stop filming
what the old prereq said which wasn't
the case well and also because of
temperature restrictions usually we'll
film best of the worst out there but we
had to film some best the worst in here
yeah how frigging cold it is around and
you know it's just one of those things
where we still need to figure out some
things to put behind us yeah we need a
few more decorations about I have I have
some ideas yeah I have some ideas I know
I'll show them to you when were just
gonna get like printouts of we were but
we didn't think that would look good
enough yeah but I came across I came
across a video that gave me a fine idea
for something that we could do in our
sets that would make the printouts look
a little nicer and help differentiate
this from just being the VHS room I mean
no matter what its gonna be the VHS room
we're not getting rid of the VHS is so
rich why don't you shoot at your
grandma's house anymore because she died
17 years ago and we sold the house yeah
so why don't you
rich stop dodging the question
all right um David I know people that's
too political I'm not gonna read it
great you should know we're trying to
stay away from that stuff now yeah I'll
read the first part is $3 enough to kill
rich Jack no I would have required more
than the rest is referencing things
we're talking about earlier politics out
of men not doing it not doing it the
real Vance's the letters U and V were
interchangeable before the mid-1800s so
these were the same as to use or double
use that's why it's the vivid and old
typesetters would put two V's together
to make a W interesting that's why it's
the vich the village isn't how it's like
written in them that's yeah that's the
logo is to uppercase V's okay but it's
called the which I guess I can see that
I dig it I have so many bombs I dig it
such a fucking good movie it's just so
much atmosphere mama says I started
watching TNG not skipping a single
episode which hasn't always been easy
because you should have started with
season three because season one is ass
season two gets a lot better but it's
like it's spotty it's either really good
or really bad
uh-huh season one never season one never
gets better than yes all right as the
best season one can do huh still pretty
good no see the mines awful I don't take
various Kirk of the chat is losing a
shit I will just have to respectfully
disagree you know on a fucking Wesley
Crusher shit that's when he was the
chosen one and the special the special
he's a gifted child is gonna
revolutionize every Rock
measure of a man is one of the best T&G;
episodes yes it's in season two the
reason I don't recommend starting at
season two is because not every episode
of season two is good there's a lot of
really good there's a lot of bad in
season two I think Shades of Grey was
season two that was the clip episode oh
yeah
could be alright but then you get shit
like measure of man which I think it's
one of the best episodes of TNG oh but
three is universally consistently great
sure that's why I think season three is
a great place to start it's not like
it's not it was really a continuity
you're worried about sure that's Star
Trek and then after you've fallen in
love the show then you can maybe go back
and watch some of the shitty stuff once
you're comfortable then you can go back
to season two sure and if you're you
know what you're desperate you've
watched everything else then you can go
back to season one because season one is
really awful oh not us when i'm said it
hasn't grabbed me like TOS yet but i
haven't gotten to the good season yet
and I agree with rich on Pulaski she's
great
yeah plasti was great totally down I was
sad when crusher came back definitely
crusher not Wesley
he didn't leave soon enough god damned
Wesley get out of here monkey goddamn
monkey what's the acronym well we didn't
think I run against what Wheaton by the
way but Wesley Crusher sucked right
Pulaski is a non character I think
you're thinking of Beverly Crusher who
I'm a doctor and a mom I'm a soap opera
doctor I am completely unconvincing when
I say I have medical knowledge
I'll even defend Beverly Crusher is like
they were trying for something it never
really works
they were trying for that whole like we
we would we were going to be lovers but
work always got in the way thing with
Picard and the father thing with Wesley
that's what they were trying for it I'll
give them credit for that it never
worked
never Tiberius Berg psych tell me
something about Pulaski's personality if
it isn't taken from McCoy I don't give a
shit McCoy was one of the best Star Trek
characters it was proven over Beverly No
did McCoy did McCoy have a thing against
transporting I'm trying to remember I
think she did ya know Pulaski did
Blasket did mccoy I don't think he
complained ya know he complained about
it Adam scattered across the universe
he wasn't fond of it Pulaski straight of
proof that's straight up that's a
straight out oh that's okay
Bo's didn't straight up refused because
you know didn't have the budget to do
shuttle correct right but he didn't like
it okay oh that's the bums Pulaski was
season two
there's a shop rich there's a shop good
I'm happy for you it's a good run we're
having a good run
where is it where is it oh are you right
here by the start rich what is the most
underrated trek movie I'm gonna give you
two answers I'm gonna give you two
different ones I'm not sure which one is
more underrated the motion picture which
pacing issues aside I still like it
quite a bit also insurrection interest
amongst amongst all the TNG movies yeah
it's the only movie that actually feels
like a TNG movie or at least CNG episode
it's the only one that's anywhere near
close to being in the spirit of Star
Trek The Next Generation hmm interesting
generations is just muddled and awful
yeah fucking first contact just action
fucking garbage that ruin anything that
was interesting about the Borg yeah by
by turning them into zombies
and nemesis was just dark and depressing
and also action schlock right first
contact is there's a TNG ish kind of
ethical story insurrection it
insurrection there's a tngs cat little
ethical dilemma story it would have been
um it would have been a mediocre
two-parter yeah but I'm gonna it would
have been a TNG episode
insurrection mr. glitchet saying
insurrection feels like a TV episode
which is its biggest problem it should
be a damn movie I think the problem is
that TNG was never built for movies
right
TNG worked as a TV show whenever they
tried to do stupid epic shit it always
fell flat
it wasn't it it wasn't meant for that
which is why insurrection the one that
feels like a TV show is the best TNG
movie no Jetpack rich there's a jet pack
in here guys so many fucking characters
for one in TNG yeah well it's a show
that's that was the whole point you get
you get all those characters and then
you can dedicate one episode to this
character and you know the the original
series I mean that was that was the the
the Kirk Spock and McCoy show everyone
else was fucking window dressing on that
show huh I got nothing against you like
George McKay or Walter KO'ing or
whatever but that was the the Kirk Spock
and bones show sure
TNG too many fucking characters for a
movie you don't have enough everyone do
something
rich what was the last slash most recent
movie to make you tear slash cry slash
tear up I have talked about this before
it was it was up though I came pretty
close with babe oh really
watch babe you and your love of babe you
need to watch a job I mean I guess I do
I guess I do you're convincing me you're
convincing me that babe is a necessity I
should not have got these jumpy boots I
wasn't thinking clearly what what scene
of babe I want I'm not gonna spoil it
but there's a number of moments in that
where you're kind of surprised they're
going there yeah I know I've seen babe I
haven't seen baby recently I saw babe
when it came out like everyone else did
and then probably again when it came to
Home Video and then you know it's like
oh it's babe it's the talking pig movie
but but riches riches speaking of it as
if it's more than just the talking Pig
movie you don't you don't need a fucking
torrent of babe it's on fucking Netflix
they just want to torrent everything
rich
nobody dies in babe yeah.but fact that
the farmer wouldn't even fucking flinch
at killing the cute little main
character we've been following all like
like it wouldn't even make him flinch
that's kind of moving damn it damn it
lost my goddamn shotgun
it's a fucking pig rich it's a talking
pig in a fantasy movie with the pigs
actually a character let rich like babe
it's not being mean to rich for liking
babe I'm sure babes a fine movie written
by George Miller right produced produced
by you written
oh and read or at least into the screen
bladder no he did the you know from
scratch sure he just worked on the
script but yeah his fingerprints are all
over baby mr. Mad Max yep boom good
enough for me
of course he also did happy feet didn't
he
yep so you know it miss
it's based on a novel Oh cab
oh I much prefer the novelization of
babe where are we where we at where am i
I'm looking for him I lost my spot we're
talking about TNG my controversial TNG
opinions about how insurrection you know
as far as the TNG movies are concerned
was probably the best of the lot but it
was a bad blob it was a bad lot that is
the problem but considering how much
people hate that movie it's underrated
okay
holy moly JC says hi rich if you want to
play ps4 the keyboard and mouse by a USB
flash called cronusmax plus with the USB
could paddle with ps4 works perfectly
maybe it's cheating against online FPS
players one it's really expensive those
things are so fucking expensive -
there's no guarantee that it's not going
to be bricked with a Sony firmware
update right at some point in the future
because they don't want you to do it oh
yeah and and it emulates mouse movement
and I hear I hear like it's not it's not
perfect you know it's just it's not like
using a mouse I'm fine just getting
games on PC yeah there's no reason to
overcomplicate this with expensive
hardware workarounds
the only the only PlayStation exclusive
where a mouse would make a difference
for me a horizon yeah it's just one
fucking game right it's not worth it for
one fucking game everything else I'd
want to play that requires aiming is
available on PC
underrated means something is of quality
isn't given its due hence insurrection
is shit no underrated means it's it's
it's it gets more hate than it deserves
it's it's it means it's at a level that
is higher than the consensus those
levels could be anywhere it could be it
could be yeah it's not really that good
but everyone like despises it it's still
underrated sure I say insurrection it
hits star trek mediocrity and really
does it can be a little bit action
schlocky at times but it's very close to
mediocre Helen whoa rich now you're
crossing a line everyone despises it Oh
sacrificed er
everyone despises it yes under and over
are both relative terms that's very true
oh we can go to the alien base you guys
want to go to the alien base I'm kind of
killing this run but there's an alien
base here and I don't have a jetpack I
say fuck it let's go to the enemy
David I know people says Jack red please
play in justice before injustice 2 comes
out you know the plan to fix the DC
movies you came up with and justice did
it first and better plus it's a break
from open-world games I'm I am aware of
injustice I'm and I'm aware of the story
of injustice I'm just I'm not super into
fighting games I'm I'm I am terrible at
fighting games like your street fighter
type Mortal Kombat II fighters yeah
awful absolutely awful
that's Farage that's fair
what what Oh son of AB or CH did you
died I died but I made it really far
that time I was pretty happy with how
far I made it made it to the 8th oh shit
I shouldn't have gone to the ship I
should not have gone to the ship that
was my fault I had a lot of bombs I had
a lot of uh good items but I have
nothing against injustice and if like a
metric shit-ton of people really really
fucking wants to play injustice yeah
well you know what tweet at us that you
want to see it hey but I read the
Twitter not you rich Evans if we get
over a thousand wait that would be
Debbie we don't have a thousand fucking
viewers three hundred if we give three
hundred tweets about playing injustice
to or injustice we will play injustice
on stream yeah absolutely
go ahead tweet tweet at us our twitter
is at red letter media and tell us all
the games do you want to be kicked out
of the studio
of course fine tweet at us we have
previously rec previously Rick how are
you previously Ari see it'll be fine
maybe we'll play it it could be fun it's
it's a superhero so yeah yeah it could
be fun to play rich superhero fighting
game I just don't I don't think we'd get
very much time out of it and then it's
and then it's another one of those
things where we'll be like yeah yeah we
played that game and then a bunch of
people be like you didn't play it right
you know what if you guys have given
this more time you would have enjoyed it
more well maybe we would have you don't
know
and so you know beware because this
could easily turn into another one of
those Jesus Christ shut up already
and you guys don't generally like it
when we do those I don't think I would
hate on it
I really don't yeah yeah and I like
fighting games in general and it could
be a lot of fun fighting add your
favorite superhero but we'll see
sorry chances happy Friday gentlemen
every Fridays Eric hope all is well
technical difficulties on snake that's
unfortunate
have you tried some yet it's trippy /
frustrating in parts gotta get a good
slither rhythm going ooh a good slither
rhythm we did not have the capture card
we didn't right somebody left that at
home it was less technical difficulties
and more Jack's a dumbass i rectified
the situation by buying a second capture
card that we can keep here I played it a
little bit I don't know that we get a
whole stream out of that's the issue I
think that was the that was the other
problem like I could have quickly driven
home and picked up the capture card but
then rich had me play a little bit of it
I can't see us getting four hours right
of that and so like we'll save it for a
day that we're gonna do it like another
hodgepodge II and you know maybe we can
get an hour and that'll be fine an hour
of the snake game what was it called
it's called the snake game no it was it
really held snake pass stay pass it's
called snake pass
it's called tech demo that I wanted to
make a game around fuck you fuck you
spider you dick I'm probably why did you
see who left a comment on the demolition
man review the Bible reloaded I've
talked about them a few times I know if
you're familiar with them the Bible
reloaded an atheist Bible study they
just read the Bible I'm talking about it
okay cool I also make lots of dick jokes
and read Chick tracts but I think
they're fun okay oh you like him your
fans
yeah I'm some to them oh and they they
they were watched
well that's neat then now that you know
that you remind me of what they do I do
remember you talking about them yeah yes
yes well great I hope they enjoyed it
let's get out of here tits captain blue
42 since last last tip for me I recently
discovered that I am losing my hair what
are your tips s2 balding men Jack what
convinced you to say fuck it and shave
your head bald ding rich why do you not
follow suit you know what these are fair
questions yep these are absolutely fair
questions Jack isn't a significantly
more advanced state of bald than I am
oh man you can someone just had a clip
of us it was like one of my first best
of the worst that was
Deadly Prey miami connection go back and
watch that best of the worst and you can
see where I was balding that my whole
top is gone and so that way that was the
thing for me is just figuring out what
looks good for my head and you know for
a while I don't even know if I still
have pictures of me like this because I
don't take a lot of pictures me like I
tried to grow it out and go crazy and
just like I'll have long crazy hair and
a big beard okay and that'll distract
from from my bald top and that's
that didn't really work in everyday life
cuz you know like it's tough to talk to
people I have a great I have a great
photo of me when I was in my rock band
and we were playing a rock and roll set
when I had my giant beer to my giant
crazy hair and I was bald on top
I was shirtless sweaty mess with my rock
band all rocking in a tiny rock club
it's a great picture I hope I still have
it somewhere that's one to show to the
grandkids later but uh it was I want to
say it was after that best of the worst
and I saw like my hair and I just got
man I look like an idiot yeah and so the
wife and I started googling what he'd
what do you do what do you do when
you're bald and one of the suggestion
was the card yeah okay so then like I
just buzzed it I thought to myself hey
buzzing that looks all right I bet I
could just shave it so I just tried
shaving yeah oh yeah you rock it Jack
you rugged I I think it works for me now
that I'm here it works for me but
figuring out how to come here I just
googled bald men hairstyles laughs you
know I I cannot shave my head for two
reasons yeah
first my head is round I would look
exactly like Charlie Brown it would it
would not be a good look for me secondly
yeah where we do prereq and streams all
the time yes we were both bald men it
would look like we were in a fucking
cult that is the truest thing ever rich
if I shaved my head we would just you
know waited to say fuck it and both be
wearing silver jumpsuits which could
work which could work you know like that
could be the schtick of the show we
would we would kind of change the name a
little bit and that would just be the
shake right you know Izzie new game
reviews or whatever and oh end are both
of our names would be Seenu hello Xenu
how is your day oh my day as well I was
your day Xenu and then we review the
game be a wise you know like the button
layout you know why a vbx is for Xena
and if you have to think about it that
long as well no but the graphic the
graphic would make yeah like graphic
would make sense
I'm gonna call B a B well it has to be
cut like why be a zine yeah yeah or a
BYZ no yes to do it to do it correctly
but I'm with you is what I guess I'm
saying I'm with you um what I what I
have done with my hair is it's not like
I've done nothing I have started just
keeping it really fucking short honestly
which helps a lot just just keep it
really fucking short yeah I think like
the the the knee-jerk reaction for so
many people is grow it out
no no that's the wrong right I just
emphasizes it exactly so yeah keep it
short keep it tidy cuz you know what you
got to take care of what you got left
and it's all about keeping it tidy man
it's all about keeping it tidy fine you
know find the hairstyle that works for
you
Charlotte m3 sis hey guys been a fan of
rlm since the old planket days and i
have one question for rich
I watched nothing but anime and Star
Trek and play mostly JRPGs and horror
can we still be fake online nerd friends
Enders and nerds let's be honest nerds
yes I have nothing against you if you
like if you like the JRPGs that's that's
fine also I don't know why you're
mentioning start right there is a
negative I fucking love Star Trek right
if you I don't know if people are so
confused about this I am pretty big
Trekkie I'm not not that big on Star
Wars is universe 3 good movies few good
games but I love me some star crap yeah
that's your thing rich if you had a
thing I would say that that would be
your thing yeah
so but you know you don't have to like
all the same things we lucky we can
disagree on a lot of things I like fire
watch and rich is still my friend but I
said I fucking love Star Wars yeah that
wasn't a bit or anything that wasn't
fucking sarcasm and I know you were will
yeah
the red epic says hey guys great steam
as usual great stream as usual I agree
with you on Pulaski and insurrection
both of which were great but are
generally looked down upon by the way
are you excited for discovery
I hope it's decent I won't know if it's
decent or not until we see an episode
like are there are there even any like
production stills or doing the Klingons
look awful Klingon what might be the
Klingon ship looks awful what might be
the Klingons look awful so really the
the the discovery itself the ship that
we first saw if they didn't change it it
looks awful so it might be an ugly show
now that could be superficial and it
could be still be a great show so
nothing official has been released yet
though I guess that's my question
well that early version of the ship I
believe was officially released now one
that looks like the the old Ralph
require McQuarrie require mmm-hmm the is
his original version for Star Trek the
motion picture which looked like they
merged the enterprise with a Star
Destroyer yes if the early production
images are to be believed they haven't
changed it because you know I was
officially released it it looks like
that Star Destroyer Enterprise oh yeah
that thing looked awful Ralph McQuarrie
McQueary
I'm acquiring Ralph McQueary that
actually sounds that's that sounds like
you're asking me to do something dirty
it's a Ralph McQuarrie we need you to
Ralph McQueary but but the ship looks
like his his designs for the his
original designs for the enterprise when
they were kind of redesigning things for
Star Trek the motion picture okay mouth
McQuarrie McQuarrie I blower I think it
worked on that query the query
I want to say McQueary Jack is right I
am reading so it's McQueary oh fucking
hell
Oh God I you know what I had that one
good run and now now I feel like I feel
like I suck I made that one wrong
decision and I'm sucking shouldn't have
gone in that alien ship so visually I
think they're doing some dumb things but
that doesn't mean it's gonna be a bad
show right I thought I thought the the
ship interior of the Leviathan and
Farscape looked awful I think it's a
great show all right let's you know I
think that's good to give an example of
something that probably would've been
the next question is give an example
somebody thought looked ugly but ended
up really enjoying okay okay I got I
love the choice I'm drawing a blank on
the ship's name I'm getting Alzheimer's
check getting I'm getting it I'm getting
ink you got it motherfucker you guys
start you know what you guys start doing
rich I'm so Doku yeah they say brain
games
and that's backed up by no fan boy yeah
thank you I don't think I've ever said
out loud
boy yeah that sounds like moist the
interior of Moya looks like crap it's
like they got all these curvy lines you
can tell where like the floor are the
actual like studio floor starts because
the floor is like the flat it looks like
concrete we couldn't afford a floor so I
guess I guess the ship has a has a
concrete floor nope that's what it
allowed us what it is
now it's supposed to take place in the
woods the whole movie in the woods
remember the bug looking ship from Lex I
thought that ship was neat look like a
dragonfly I never saw looks it's got a
great pilot I can't speak on the show I
think Roger Corman made the pilot oh
yeah was it tales from a parallel
universe is what they call it wasn't
called the Lex I would I would walk to
show tales from a parallel so what I
think the Lex is a terrible name yeah I
think they should have stayed the course
they've chickened out yeah they
chickened out rich
chap the ship Talyn was not designed per
se as leviathans are actually living
things so it was bred the ship's some of
the ships not all of the ships it was
our escape
yeah our living things I remember that I
think yeah I'm a member
fuck
fuck oh fuck fuck fuck rich
all right word I leave off we're that's
a question for you
but also you have Alzheimer's so damn is
there any way to really know how hard it
says thanks for the NES suggestions and
celebrating Friday did you all ever
watch ABC's TGIF
being a kid from Kentucky with no cable
TGIF and Saturday morning cartoons we're
all one hand or go outside can't go
outside can't go outside I don't have
any fond memories of TGIF what was what
was NBC's thing there's the Thursday
they had like Seinfeld must-see TV was
my was my jam TGIF was good you know the
head that had a that had a what did that
have oh you can't remember Emily Mathers
full haze the Oracle show ogle was
annoying the house oh god I can't stand
Full House was that full house makes me
wanna throw up fair you know what fair
oh I had a whole plan I was gonna do a
little ghosting I was gonna do a little
ghosting I was gonna show off and the
best laid plans of mice and men off
go awry because they did a great plan
blame eats well I've never seen a single
episode of Boy Meets World yeah yeah
yeah generational gap right there
maybe I watched Boy Meets World super
nerd Topanga Topanga
the child huh the child the child
Topanga Topanga what's she like 12 yeah
but when you watched it as a 12 year old
rich that's what I'm saying generational
gap player when I watched it as a 12
year old that was like whoo Topanga but
when you watched it as a 37 year old you
can't have that same you can't have
those same feelings trying to remember
what her real name is Topanga there's no
way I'll ever know
you got the Latin what oh just just
reading see mice they make plans they
plan to get cheese I don't think that's
how the saying goes the best laid plans
of mice and men often go awry
Seinfeld and Frasier yeah yeah and you
know what what was it uh they had
friends but outside of the first season
I found friends obnoxious I don't know
why the second they hit the second when
they hit the second season I was I just
you do checked out I checked out
I can I couldn't tell you what it was
well but not only that they had uh maybe
it was Ross and Rachel just being
horribly obnoxious okay
all right that's fair that might have a
lot to do with it they also had mad
about you I didn't mind mad about you I
like mad about you Paul Reiser a Helen
Hunt
Hank Azaria but but really Seinfeld and
Frasier yeah oh absolutely I'm with you
but they had a bet a bunch of other good
stuff in it and then you know like at
the end of that or you know later on we
got we got the ER bump some some some
doctor drama George Clooney oh that's
great
what was that cold again must-see TV
yeah I don't know that is a reference to
the sitcoms I don't think er was a part
of that I could be wrong I think that
was a part of it Yeah right
I I want to say that could you know cuz
for a while there and you know I want to
say before before Frasier got its slot
like that other slot was where they
would test out everything you know
they'd start with Mad About You and
everyone watched mad about you and then
you know they'd have a blank spot and
Seinfeld would be there and everyone
watched Seinfeld is like any show we
want to test that we put in between
those two shows people are going to
right right right and they tested out a
hundred years and all of them all of
them failed
well you guarantee people were watching
it yet you're also setting expectations
sky-high
right right I'm trying to remember of
any any of the shows that went in
between there that were just garbage
but I would have to actually go and look
at a list of what what what all they put
in there right exactly yeah there's
there's no way fuck you Michael Cote CA
says hey Jack and rich hi
let's give me just chiming in again to
say thanks wee hours of entertainment
and commentary that keeps me happy on
rough days here is twenty by some
garbage one dollar games to stream to us
okay shove away roulette confirmed so
every I love those I got a new show idea
got a new show idea that I'm working on
we're still fine-tuning I got a new show
idea that I could be entertaining uh
Chet I have not beaten FTL on hardmode
because quite frankly it scares me
because it's very very hard yeah I could
probably do it if I put on the time I
mean a lot of people think normal is
impossible and I cracked normal
eventually oh sure they don't win normal
every single fucking time I I have a run
but I've done it fairly consistently
when I'm in my groove sure you know what
sometimes it's all about the groove rich
you gotta get your groove back you gotta
you gotta get your groove on you got a
groove me baby you can't beat an uneasy
transporters transporters you have no
idea how important transporters are
obviously because you haven't beaten it
uneasy in the secret to getting the
mothership is transporters yep I think
I've I think I've talked about this
before but it takes some doing because
they've got a really good medbay
you need to kill all of the crew on the
mothership except for which one is that
the guy in like the
the top like one of the two Center
weapons I forget which one not the guy
in the missiles no you have to kill
again the missiles yes I know but he's
that's definitely not the one you want
to leave life there's one you leave
alive because if you kill everybody on
the ship the AI takes over right and
you're just fucking yourself over but so
like you get if you get to the
mothership there is the missile there
there's the guys manning the weapons and
your priority is the missiles you gotta
kill that fucker and take down those
missiles and if you have teleporters you
can teleport both your guys in there
take out the guy and continue and that
is step one and take the missiles and
there's no one else that can come in to
take out your guys those weapon rooms of
the mothership are segregated from the
rest of the ship so you can just
teleport guys in there take out the
weapons and not have to deal with them
again you leave you leave one alone
though because you want to kill
literally everybody else in the ship
except for one guy right and if you
leave a guy who's stuck in one of the
weapon compartments alive he can't go
fix the other systems in the mothership
one of them like the beam weapon it's a
horrible cheese but it is super fucking
effective and if you're having trouble
even beating easy go ahead and cheese
the shin oh absolutely well and
teleporters are so necessary just for
beating the regular game because if you
can beat a ship with with teleporters if
you can beat a ship without destroying a
ship you get more scrap yes you get more
rewards which is so important your goal
on FTL is to acquire as much fucking
scrap as you can before the end mission
if you actually want to beat FTL yeah
you can't play if you want to win you
you can't you can't play FTL like a
pacifist run it's not gonna work you're
gonna lose yeah tell you get good at
teleporters and you will have that game
by the balls if you run across another
ship you want to destroy it and consume
its fucking resources right and as much
as those resources as possible which is
why teleporters are so fucking important
Oh
well that's some hockey all right we're
just gonna start over my hair came back
in hit me
so yeah teleporters teleporters
teleporters I was having equal problem
on easy runs like I couldn't get into it
I was still enjoying the game but I was
talking with rich I want to say this was
even before prereq time and as I was
talking to rich about FTL yeah can't I
can't get pet can't crack that not
really like it I just don't think I'm
gonna be over and rich pulls me aside
like have you thought about teleporters
I was like oh yeah you know what I'm not
too into teleporters that one more guys
he's like fuck all that teleporter
teleporter teleporter he gave me a stern
talking-to and the moral of the story is
I beat it the moral of the story is
listen to rich is listen to rich
especially when it comes to FTL or X go
FTL is not fair it's not trying to be
fair it's totally doable without
teleporters but I mean like if you're
having trouble with it before before
you're used to it before you got the
flow before you can do it without use
teleporters absolutely teleporter
teleporters are opie as they as they say
yeah and especially if you can get
teleporters early and start taking out
ships without destroying ships like just
taking out the crew without destroying
tips and you gotta be careful not to
take more damage than you're getting
with resources right you gotta be
careful
well I guess like it's not just helpers
because if you if you do the advanced
version of FTL they also have stuff like
the bio beam which can be effective like
I think I actually think BIOS in the
normal it's fairly rare sure well there
are other ways to take care of the crew
without teleporters but it like
concentrate on that if you can take out
the crew without destroying your enemy
ship you get so much more scrapped
teleporter is the best way to do that
I've tried fucking around with fire
beams and it for some reason it it
always seems to go badly you can't fuck
around with fire beams if you get a good
combo of lasers and ion you can
basically you can have it set up where
you're constantly I awning their weapons
you don't even need the lasers I've had
just multiple good ion weapons yeah and
I just I just kept shooting ions at
their weapons and their oxygen and
eventually they all suffocated right
right right I'm with you
so that's it that's the number one tip
the most important thing Oh fuck-you
spider you need to know about FTL get
that scrap baby
charlatan three says Eric what's your
favorite and most hated Voyager episode
my favorite is the one where the crew
uncovers to Vox Hollow novel about
themselves my most hated is anything
with B'Elanna Torres yeah you know what
compared to fucking Harry Kim and
Chakotay Chakotay Torres isn't a bad
character
Chakotay is the worst so lazy in the
Native American he's got weird beliefs
that's his character so fucking lazy I
want to say I don't know if it's the
last season or the season before the
last on without a doubt unequivocally
the worst episode of Star Trek Voyager
isn't called the boxer I think I
remember that I don't I don't remember
the details if I remember correctly it
all revolves around like half of it is
in black and white in Chakotay is like
shadow boxing someone and I think he's
under a psychic attack mm-hmm and so
it's just him like it's this weird
artistic thing all centered on Chakotay
all set inside a black and white boxing
ring and it is the goddamn worst is it
called the fight maybe that's what it's
called
best Voyager best that's now that's the
time that's the tricky one yes worst is
worst is easy it's it's either the the
warp salamander episode where we're
going into warp 10 which by the way
makes no sense because the by the
definition warp 10 is impossible right
by the way it's defined you would be you
would literally have to be everywhere in
the universe at once well it was really
hard for them to get there so so it's a
nonsense thing to go warp ten in the
first place but secondly if you go warp
10 you devolve into a salamander
yep that and Tuvix Tuvix is pretty bad
where where Tuvok and Neelix you get
through a transporter accident get
merged into one being you and the
resolution of the episode is just
Janeway has him hauled off to be
murdered yep that's pretty bad under
protest he's like pleading for his life
and Janeway just has her freaking SS hit
squad go and drag him off to be murdered
so she can have her friend
Tuvok back yeah best though you're of
hell cuz that's what the show should
have been a ship a desperate ship low on
resources and SH it's breaking and and
and they're dirty and filthy and oh god
oh god this is the situation is so
desperate you're home
yeah that's a good one there's another
one I'm kind of fond of it also would
have been a good way to handle the
series where they get they get caught in
some kind of weird like pocket space and
their energy is slowly draining so a
resources are an issue yet again and
everyone who gets caught in here they
kind of resort to piracy right deal
other people's resources they need power
they they go into pocket space and then
they're immediately fired upon by
enemies and Starfleet in this kind of
like savage land they eventually bring
everyone together and they kind of form
their own new Starfleet within there
well if we pull our resources together
we won't need the pirate we think our
way out of this that also would have
been a good way to handle the hosts
whole show whether in this weird savage
area of space and they they kind of
formed their new Federation on the other
side of the galaxy that also would have
been a good way to handle Voyager as a
show you know what that is a good
episode
yeah because because there's some
there's some like bullies and then
there's all these little ships who are
picked clean but still surviving
everyone's kind of a bully though
because they have to be and Voyager says
no we're not gonna do that we have our
ideals and we're gonna bring everyone
together over there are some aren't
there some big bullies there's some that
don't want to join yeah right and so
then she convinces like the ragtag group
to Banta oh yeah it's a fun episode
that's a good episode I'm with you right
like yeah maybe they don't have to get
back home because they formed their own
fucking Starfleet in the end the series
finale is like 50 hundred years later
they've expanded and the two
Federation's kind of join up we've we've
learned about you from from from our
yeah yeah yeah
what if Kurdish enough instead let's
have just some very bland uninspired
episodes and no character development
and we'll we'll stay the course even
though it's awful and with that you know
I would take no character development
over inconsistent Janeway because I'm
character development haven't be blank
slates for all I care but but I'm gonna
hold firm to my ideals now this episode
I have to break my ideals in a much less
threatening situation right fucking
fucking right how does Janeway feel
today
fucking Jane
fucking Janeway Ridge Jack she was a
woman she was having mood swings
she should be over I want to say she was
at Eden at a proper age for that no
longer being the case unless the whole
shows an allegory for menopause because
if you think about it what was she
losing rich was she losing fertile
fertile Mother Earth she was losing her
fertility less than a woman because she
was the camp down and you know the
tragic part is Catherine Mulgrew yeah
she's great she's a great act she does
what she can with just the worst fucking
material absolutely absolutely
she's great no like we said thinking
back there are some good episodes in
there
there is some light fuck you snake I'm
sucking oh and done and just restart
restart film amends Francis good evening
champs
I haven't donated in a while but I feel
more compelled to give to my favorite
YouTube channels now I hope you guys
have not been affected too much with all
the drama going on what what drama is
this strum what drama is there a thing
going on with the youtubes and
controversy oh oh I believe some settle
changing their algorithm businesses in
that old news some no no there's a new
thing yeah
the advertiser friendly thing have you
heard about this what is this
you might not pay attention just because
you're not generally you know the person
who takes care of the YouTube stuff
right
as someone who takes care of our you
no I'm the guy who worries about saying
the funny thing right and I build a
thing that needs to be build so yeah
there there have been a couple prominent
cases recently in which youtubers have
been saying awful things or you know
been been making jokes and poor taste
both right not this kind of related to
the PewDiePie thing okay PewDiePie was
making some bad jokes and it turned into
a whole thing other youtubers have just
been saying awful things that brings up
this whole idea of advertising on
YouTube let's say your company let's say
your Pepsi Cola yeah you don't want your
ad playing in front of someone's video
who says questionable things look up and
so YouTube has of course is all
automated yeah right they YouTube a
person doesn't decide what ad plays in
front of a video an algorithm does and
so they have altered the algorithm to
try to figure out which content is
unacceptable to watch advertiser and
some and it's not perfect yet and so
some people are finding that their
videos are becoming d monetized yeah and
they didn't do that and it's not because
the copyright claim it's because it
falls under the questionable content
well unless everyone is opting out on
the product being advertised for this
for that it shouldn't be like a no
advertisements at all I can understand
if if coca-cola well we don't want to be
on content that says this about politics
or anything politics we don't want coke
involved right right okay look like
somebody else doesn't care oh sure they
should be advertised on these sites
YouTube is working out the kinks okay
and and so what what happened was in the
initial rollout of the algorithm
people's videos were just getting
blanket D monetized and no one knew why
like some of it had to do with
questionable content some people who
were are like gay or lesbian youtubers
whole videos were taken down that didn't
have any sexual content to it they were
just talking about like top ten
gay actors or something like that you
know that's an example who was it
Oh like someone who I follow Simone yet
the girl who makes shitty robots she
recently made a video where she took one
of those parabolic flights
you know those where you go okay were
you up in the airplane and then you get
like thirty seconds of weightlessness
that's all her video is about it was
demonetised for some reason because it's
questionable content don't they already
have algorithms like this in play like
having it for a while because I've
mentioned earlier I'm subscribed to the
Bible reloaded right right half the time
I get some kind of like Church add
Church of Latter day Saints sure cuz I
would assume you know they're targeting
the heathens because they want to
convert people I assume that was
actually deliberate shirred well don't
they already have these algorithms
should they they have algorithms to like
match advertisers with tags from the
video and to match how like your view at
your YouTube viewing history yeah
YouTube obviously knows all that right
yeah and so then it'll target ads to you
based off of your viewing history and it
will also target ads based off of the
tags description and content of the
video a bunch of Maca numbers but
YouTube hasn't quite figured out how to
perfect the system for questionable
content okay and so in the initial
rollout things did not go smoothly and I
think that that might be the drama that
they're talking about in any case this
is this is why we love you guys because
we have things like patreon and tips and
subscriptions right and you know if we
don't have to worry as much about
getting fucked with YouTube ads right
it's obviously something that we don't
want to happen we like like you know we
put up a Zelda video that's gonna get
flagged by Nintendo we're not getting ad
revenue from that I don't give a shit
right right we're doing something that
our fans would enjoy and our fans do
keep us going right directly without a
fucking third party that's the thing and
and that's the the the moral of the
story for any youtuber here is you need
other streams of revenue you can't
I you can't rely on another company's
free service or don't put all of your
eggs in one basket
well then yeah that's what I would fall
for your entire seller YouTube is a free
service and if you are solely reliant on
them for all of your income you need to
rethink your business plan no we love
you guys so I'm not being an asshole
sarcastic asshole no no no I I hope
people don't take it that way yeah you
guys hear this stream allows us to
continue to make youtube videos it's not
YouTube YouTube is not doing it it's
this yeah speaking of Pepsi I could go
for an ice-cold Pepsi Cola right about
now rich ah refreshing Pepsi Pepsi talk
to us we can do this Taco Bell was the
only restaurant in the future I mean the
present they won the franchise even
though they are are quite obviously the
worst fast-food franchise that's that's
what see a lot of people say that was a
funny joke in in demolition man it
always stood out to me because talk
about was horrible and it's always been
a horrible there's no way they would
what a franchise were it felt like a
sleazy ad that is all on you I love Taco
Bell on ironically I think it's
delicious
and it's it has consistently been my
favorite fast food that is just you
you're letting your your Taco Bell bias
a cloud your critical analysis of
demolition man rich
which is a real sentence that I just
said
McDonald's is worse than Taco Bell I
think that'll think good McDonald's
ain't good not worse than Taco Bell but
definitely I would rather talk about
I'll take a shitty McDonald's
cheeseburger over a fucking garbage Taco
Bell I don't know whatever whatever form
of taco they're calling something
different and I will stick the meat
around the shell in Coto but do Purita
okay wait will you what's the you
patisserie to talk to me about this we
take the meat and we pack it around the
show I love it
is it deep-fried because I then I love
it extra hard that's all they can do
they can just take shells and meat and
cheese and mix them in different ways
that's all they can do
oh they have five ingredients they have
five ingredients and they mix them in
different combinations and that's where
that's the genius of Taco Bell no no you
know even though the wrister food is
kind of bad McDonald's has those price
they have those fries yeah but the best
fast food always comes from like the
local places the georgie-porgie we're
talking drive-thru here we're talking
driving it's fast food it's fast food
you go in and there's a counter it looks
you know like a McDonald's counter and
you order food and you sit down not the
same and eventually they put it on the
counter it's fast food not the same the
definition of fast not has changed no
we're talking to dry though it needs to
be it's your food needs to get to you
and then you're then if you're if you're
if you're excluding places because they
don't have a drive-thru you're missing
out on some of the best fast food and
some of these places do have Drive thrus
fucking mickey eros and Chicago
drive-thru you drive through it your
food needs to be to you in under two
minutes in order for it to be fast food
making zeros can be damn fast then it
then it account I'm saying under two
minutes
young you know now I was getting under
two minutes that you're bigger fast food
places either absolutely no you don't
they don't you never never you never met
him lying wondering what the fuck the
holdup is you've never been in a line
but here's the thing if I'm at
McDonald's and it's over 30
seconds I am wondering either fucking
you've never been at the subway and that
that fat bitch is on the phone getting
an order from ten relatives subways no
offense what does he want is you want
Tomatoes desilva's what about Frank is
Frank want Tomatoes no you don't want
the green beans I got what they first of
all so I wouldn't because I wouldn't
green pepper on already subway is not
fast food from the time you order it
needs to be under two minutes in order
to be considered fast food from the time
you order you go you go to talk about
you gotta be found to go to Burger King
you go to Wendy's that that's fast food
even even stuff like Culver's is
questionable because a lot of times that
will take about five minutes because
they make it fresh your definition
definition of fast food is just wrong it
doesn't require a drive-through or a two
minute time limit two minute time limit
it's quicker than a sit-down restaurant
yes that is part of a definition I would
say my not two minutes mine it doesn't
require a drive-thru my definition of
fast food is different than the classic
definition of fast food as I believe
fast food well I'm talking about the
classic definition I don't want you you
keep bringing up your bullshit personal
definition that nobody else uses the
time the times they are it's completely
fucking irrelevant the times are
changing I'm not talking about no 50s
diner I get get hit with it rich you can
go to a greasy spoon and it ain't no
fast food jack has alternative fast-food
info
I believe the red epics is from what I
have heard yeah
the new Klingon vessel is a tomb ship
very old and maybe only in an episode
maybe the new Klingons might be ancient
warriors in stasis or maybe even the
hated Herc you were cool
oh I know the showrunner left because he
thought they were doing stupid things
with the show designs I that's what I've
heard
oh that was a Brian fuller Oh whose
brain fuller Pushing Daisies Hannibal oh
right you've talked about this yeah yeah
you said he'll you said I get my friend
this okay I don't think I don't know it
was Midnight's edge but I might have an
Midnight's edge okay the YouTube channel
oh you do breaking movie news oh okay
you know what I thought Midnight's edge
was the name of a Star Trek episode yeah
which it sounds like the name of it
might be named after a Star Trek episode
that's always a shame when you know
you're maybe you're excited about a show
and then you hear that like oh this
person who does good work is leaving the
show oh confidence-booster that's what
that is why did this purple who really
cared love the franchise leave oh it's
like you know what no matter how why
isn't JJ Abrams directing the new Star
Wars movie he loves Star Wars wedding
direct Star Wars his entire life uh-oh
even something like Deadpool like you
know if you've you up on your Deadpool 2
news
no like you know the director of
Deadpool 1 is not directly available to
okay over creative differences with Ryan
Reynolds Oh
well Ryan Reynolds is along as a fan and
this was a passion project for him and
it turned out really well but also the
director made a good movie oh that's
that's coin flip right yeah it that
makes me very curious about Deadpool -
who's the linchpin right that's the game
we're gonna play right right sorry
chances also rich have you finally
reached the point where you're done
poking at Zelda
I got 255 ish hours because collecting
shooting stars and dragon parts because
apparently punishing myself at this
point
rich talk about Zelda what was I doing
when you got here you were playing Zelda
playing Zelda you're playing Zelda when
I got here I was not surprised you were
playing Zelda but how good was I though
when I fought those moblins all right
fucking great
you nailed it it was it was a beautiful
display of power and masculinity right
instead of just running in with the
Master Sword and hacking everything
sorry sorry that wasn't that was you
know what that was no way that was
dickish that was that was really dickish
there's a little dickish but you know
what that would have been fun sorry I'm
sorry that I wanted to be fun I was
busting out my ice rod my my electric
arrows you all so FTL there you pause
yeah I was doing some yeah I'm fine with
this lets me think about what I'm gonna
do
yeah you go you go into your weapon
select menu and that pause is all the
action for some time freezing action
yeah like like the fucking matrix I
would pause time like the fucking matrix
because I was about to do something that
was fucking awesome there you go now
you're nice selling is selling it no
we're gonna talk about this because you
have this you are on your second
playthrough yeah which means you have
gone through the game you've defeated
Ganon did you get all the beasts and I
do all that stuff okay so my question to
you so this is your second playthrough
and it looks like I already have a shit
ton of Hearts yeah
so I mean you're deep into your second
playthrough already without the the the
joy the unbridled thrill of discovery
and exploration what is the game life
that's a little bit lesser I mean you
one wants the exploring is over it's not
it's not as amazing going into that area
you've already been doing exploring the
things you've already explored I get it
like you know where all the shit is at
this point but it's not as lengthy a
playthrough either though right because
you know you know what you're doing the
the point of the second playthrough is
is mastery it's like I know what I'm
doing now and this time through I'm
gonna kick more ass I'm gonna freeze
time and I'm gonna pull out my my ice
arrows and do the fun stuff now that I
know what I'm doing it was impressive I
was showing off quite honestly because
you were here that's fair that's fair it
if you got it flaunt it that's what they
say if you got it flaunt it so but even
on your second playthrough you're having
a good time yeah no that's very
interesting I don't think they'll be a
third but sure
none of us says when's next fighting
game stream we love to see you to test
your friendship in battle man Oh a
Jekyll no worry Jack I'm cheering for
you rich all day Easter stream what
replaces yearly Thanksgiving stream
yearly Thanksgiving stream was never a
year you did it once maybe twice I'll
occasionally do a marathon again at some
point
sure I've always done them sporadically
mmm whenever you feel like it how many
hours if I put in two Zelda you know
what I would need to do math to figure
that out I have a complaint
your a complaint I have a complaint okay
which in hindsight I wish I'd brought
this up during the review Congress
thinks first things first not relating
to the save file on x music there's no
option just to turn it off what wasn't
true
I didn't notice one maybe I missed it I
know there's no option to change volume
and I think we did bring that up there's
no in game volume up or down right you
have to you have to change the volume on
the switch itself you know what we might
have talked about that I might have cut
about because that was just general
switch stuff right and I'm not gonna say
for a hundred percent sure I don't think
there's an option just to turn the music
off I didn't look too hard I might have
missed it okay switch look at but the
other thing before I do that the other
thing you can't have to save files the
only way you could start a new game is
if you erase your old save it'll start
overwriting Zelda has always had
multiple save notes
well it's like I had to I had to create
a new profile for a second playthrough
you to create a new Oh cuz you wanted to
keep your original say so I don't want
to delete my original save oh well I
mean that's a worker on I guess there's
a workaround but it's annoying just give
me an option for a second save file I
wonder how big those save files are you
know like because like they had to limit
it for a reason right supposed to be
some big ass save files
mhm that's very interesting
well yeah go check it out we'll just do
some math you know as a workaround but
now you know in
the switch I got you know reg Karen and
link I'm curious about this music thing
I'm gonna grab my switch go grab your
switch thoughts in the old Star Wars
games I left loved TIE fighter in the
x-wing games to pieces and the Jedi
Knight series was fun I had never really
gotten to the other ones that's fair is
it safe is it safe
they've
I'll shit the ghosts over here
there we go I got it
so yeah check if there's a way to adjust
in-game music I wonder I wonder rich
they apparently like the Zelda I I
wouldn't mind streaming more at some
point I the capture card is coming
tomorrow I will bring it on Sunday
amiibo inferred camera for a horizontal
camera but horizontal who the fuck does
that camera sensitivity which is more
fun spelunky or Isaac aim with motion
control they're equal change different
kinds jump button minimaps north HUD
mode message window transparency there
is none in the main menu no option to
turn off me music okay and no option to
adjust volume going into the game see if
I can find an option in there so yes I'm
sorry we're not gonna find it rich it
pays to be thorough
it pays to be accurate I don't want to I
want to give out false information when
you can easily check zero ability
controls low to save options and it's
the same and you okay so there is no
there's no good option or no way to just
turn off the music right right that's
bull hockey right there man
yeah it doesn't exist bull hockey that's
what that is
that new Zelda game gonna come out for
PC probably not right I've heard you can
emulate this already the word around the
block is that there are some people
working on a Wii U emulator that is
actually pretty far along and there is a
mostly functional version of breath of
the wild in the wild that's that's the
word on the street the emulated version
is very janky right now that's that's
gonna change with time and improved
hardware and improve versions of the
emulator yep oh yeah so yeah and
inevitably you will be able to play
breath of the wild on the PC that's what
it's looking like apparently both the
Wii U and the switch kind of use a a
modified Apple software yeah and there's
there's some code in there that makes it
really easy to steal and Apple has
patched that code a while back and a
Nintendo didn't get the memo
or didn't care or it's an intentional
backdoor to make hackers do all the hard
work for them as far as porting all this
stuff to PC is concerned for shame you
guys are super anti piracy and now you
weren't telling people about emulators
we're telling people something exists
when when was I ever super anti piracy
oh yeah I think we have a whole video
dedicated to you saying you wanted
people to steal again under under
certain ethical situations I'm fine with
it
in fact if you enjoy a thing you have
pirated I think it's fine if you give
them money you discover a game you
really like give the money don't be a
jerk I am I am not naive as to think
piracy is something that's going to stop
or go away but as long as you're
actually supporting the
people making the things you enjoy that
I don't I don't give a fuck like if I
were to have a backup copy of a game I
already own on Steam I am NOT gonna lose
any fucking sleep over that because I
already own the copy I paid for it but
maybe maybe I don't want you don't Steam
DRM in my face jack then maybe you
shouldn't buy the game rich maybe I
don't want to be tethered to the big
nanny telling me what I can and can't
run on my pc but maybe you shouldn't buy
the game rich me and so then they get no
money huh so then then they definitely
get no money at all what I'm saying is
there was there was a period a Game of
Thrones is one of the most pirated shows
yeah ever yep and there are a big group
of people who were pirating it because
the DVD wasn't out yet yeah and their
logic was but I want to watch it now
yeah it was too fucking bad like you
wait till it comes out to buy it that's
how that's how it worked and you know
what if they actually did buy the DVD I
don't give a fuck I think it's fine if
they if they actually did buy the damn
DVD if they did if they did right but so
I guess you know here's here's the flip
sides that as someone who is always
against piracy yeah I am NOT going to
pretend that piracy doesn't exist and
that people don't pirate I'm also
against shooting people
I say guns exist like oh my god you told
people that an emulator exists right
right that's not going to make someone
pirate or stop someone from pirating I
think my point is though I have always
been super duper gray when it comes to
piracy sure thank you
you're freakin morally obligated if you
pirate something and you enjoyed to pay
for it some some way shape or fucking
form
right and so ladies just to me like just
don't pirate and pay for the stuff you
want that's what makes sense to me some
things might not be available what do
you mean some some old game or something
it doesn't it it's not available
anywhere digitally Wow
we do what do you do you don't get to
play that game you do you don't get to
play that game and you know there there
is an there's an archivists side to this
mhm
a lot of people you know say well you
know yeah games aren't available those
games should be saved and preserved
which you know I guess I can agree with
that's totally where I'm at cuz like I
said steams gonna go bad some day Gabe's
not gonna be around forever right you
might not have access to those steeped
those games you bought right on Steam oh
sure and that's like that's a definite
downside though it does not none of that
makes stealing okay
is a is abandoned were considered
pirating yes it is you're right and you
know it depends that that's that's a
gray that's a gray no Tecna you're
mister black and white on this I mean
you say that's great well there's no
ownership no no one is abandoned where
there's no well somebody owns that
they're just not distributing it in any
form is that considered abandoned well
yes or is that that's considered
abandoned where oh maybe I thought was
thinking of different things I was
thinking of so I I thought that was more
akin to what do you call it stuff in the
public domain
okay okay I guess that's what I always
considered abandoned where
so it's possible that I've had my
definition of abandonware wrong this all
time
public-domain no longer exists no we can
thank Disney for that what's it like
eight thousand years after the original
author's death now it's something very
ridiculous yes it's something very very
that's that's complete fucking horseshit
I'm with you I'm with you that's
complete horseshit like star control 2
is a band how does how does this piece
of software ever get to be abandoned
we're theory somebody owns it right like
you don't have to pay for Linux but I
don't think that's considered abandoned
we're just the person who owned it it
hadn't built them the license no anybody
anybody can use this it was made free
it's not abandoned we're yeah that's a
different thing
I suppose you know the owner could die
and there's just no one there to inherit
it I suppose that could happen yeah
that's a normal thing I think I don't I
don't know the logistics of it of
abandonware I have not looked into
ademma
abandoned means they don't give a shit
about it anymore that's then it's still
it's still piracy that man even though
they don't give a shit
technically speaking um like I said
piracy is about ownership right like and
so if they're not like claiming
ownership over something then it's not
piracy well you know piracy piracy is
all about
there you go Tate you know something has
something has a copy of something has a
value and you are not living not taking
it up to that value it's stealing its is
what it is but if someone is giving
something away for free then you are no
longer steal okay you know I'm just
saying your your you're never gonna stop
the piracy no it's it's going to be
there
you can moralize about how wrong it is
all you want
it won't stop right what you can do is
drive it home that the people who
actually make this content deserve to
earn a living from it if you enjoyed it
if it really fucking enjoyed what they
did right and you're not getting them
anything even if you're fucking like
it's abandoned where and you know you
can't pay for it just donate to them
give it a cinema check buy something
else they have made that you don't care
about rich I'm under no illusions that
piracy is going to stop because I don't
like it people steal stuff all the time
that's just a part of life that's just a
part of life people steal stuff because
they want it not even because they need
it
that doesn't that you know because I
understand where they're coming from
doesn't mean I'm going to change my
stance or soften my position because you
know well you don't want to upset the
Pirates you don't want to you don't want
you know like these people these people
are stealing and you know what if we
have more tonight maybe if we're nice to
the Pirates they'll do pay for it do you
really think that 75% of the people
watching this right now have it pirated
something oh I'm sure they have no are
you calling 90% of them how are you
calling them all filthy thieves if they
didn't pay for it yes Jack I'm saying
you're filthy fucking thieves by the way
I'm not saying that I have never pirated
stuff I have pirated stuff what what of
course
piracy is the thing that happens I'm not
proud of it and I haven't done it
anything recently but I don't I don't
think the correct approach is to say
well maybe if we're really nice to the
Pirates they'll understand that people
need the money maybe maybe if we just if
we just tone tone it down with the whole
stealing thing then the Pirates will
understand
because unfortunately a lot what happens
a lot of times especially for for you
know smaller game studios or or smaller
movie studios what happens is they are
just no longer able to make the things
and it's too late well that's what you
got to emphasize though instead of
saying you're stealing and it's wrong
it's stealing just say that guy who made
that needs to eat that guy who made that
did a good job right and he deserves the
money he fucking earned it but why
didn't you give him that money because
that's implied with when he charges the
money this is the money that it's that
the entire concept of like the currency
having a value and trade and barter I
made a thing you give me money for the
thing so I can eat it's easy to be
disconnected when it comes to piracy
though it feels normal it feels okay
doesn't feel like stealing right so it's
right there I hit a button right right I
didn't I didn't put something under my
coat pocket and sneak out of the store
right it's very easy to lose track that
somebody who worked hard on a song or a
film or a game is being cheated it's
easy to lose track of that okay I'm with
you and I think it's far more effective
to combat piracy by just emphasizing
that many people who you know I just hit
that button let them realize that in
some way somebody's getting hurt
the smaller the smaller you are the the
more you're being hurt by it - mm-hmm
like Disney's probably probably not
feeling the pinch from that from that
Marvel movie piracy they're there so
they're still making gangbusters but an
indie dev who who made a game that not
only sold a few thousand copies is it's
relatively worse for him when his ship
its pirate oh absolutely
you cunts and you know like people who
hire where they think well you're
stealing from big business like Disney
yeah you're not gonna feel any guilt
from pirating some from Disney I don't
know that I would but those are the only
things that get pirated right fuck that
that dev who worked on XCOM and he
wasn't he wasn't you know in charge of
anything it's just one of the devs
worked really hard didn't make that much
money in the first place right
who got it worked we're really hard on
monkeyball you know 3d yeah but you know
what you're not you're not gonna you're
gonna be laid off because the game
didn't sell that much oh right right
that's that's who gets hurt right and
like I said to me that kind of stuff is
implied in just you charging money for
something hmm and so you hit a button
and you lose track of that it's it's
it's tough for me just to hit a button
you had a button there it is right there
I click on the thing that's mine now
right right and that lost cell yeah
might cause somebody to get laid off at
a company that's just hanging on yeah
heck that might that might cause someone
to get laid off at Disney you know well
you know we we know we now no longer can
support a team of 2,000 we can only
support a team of 1800 right like
because but they are for Disney but yeah
what yeah oh what I'm saying is even for
Disney like even a large company it has
to say well you know what even our large
team we might need to downsize a little
bit okay and that's someone that's fair
hey wake up everyone I'm moving on me
you know what we're going around in
circles it's time to move on rich I
think it's time to move on going out on
a limb here I'm just gonna say it's time
to move on is that key damn it
mr. balls says rich I know you're big my
league baseball fan if I send you a hat
for my local team the yard goes we have
a great load would you wear it or are
you fiercely loyal to your team this is
actually a hard question for me because
it's not a team loyalty thing I whenever
I go to a new ballpark I'd buy their cap
uh-huh so like I I go to a Rockford
River Hawks game I buy their hat right
and I have nothing against wearing uh
yard goats hat but I hadn't been to
their Stadium it would be like a filthy
lie but what if it's a cool hat it might
be a cool hat I like minor league teams
you can set it to send it send it
definitely send a hundred percent and
I'll see how I feel about it but it's
just it's buying the Hat that's my
tradition when I go to a new park oh
wait as you know also wears your local
theme maybe maybe rich wants to take a
road trip I've never heard of the art
goat so I don't think there anyone
nearby it could be a long road trip the
Rockford peaches you say obviously I
didn't see the Rockford peaches but but
I did go to a game the Evansville otters
play in the ball park where they filmed
a league of their own okay and the only
selling point there is the ball park
like the ads they don't they don't
highlight the team that much historic oh
god what's the name of the field
Cosi field or whatever the the
advertisement is Oh for the stadium
itself where they filmed part of a
league of their own
sure and it's like the world it's like
the country's second or third oldest
baseball stadium it's this gigantic
thing with fucking wood rafters
everywhere there's no no like this
space-age concrete or aluminum it's just
a fuckin wouldn't fucking ball park
neat and it's beautiful oh my god what
is the name historic bossy feel I think
it's bossy bossy field like you know
what I like the ring of that bossy field
historic old baseball stadium when they
filmed they part of a league of their
own Rockford peaches listen is that
Stadium in that movie also the
Evansville artists play her currently
but come and see historic bossy field
and it was it was beautiful it's fucking
beautiful ballpark you could send me the
Hat I might wear it go against
everything I believe in though I haven't
and I haven't been there for everything
I haven't been there everything you
believe in it might be a night you like
you like minor league baseball and it
could be a very nice
all right um I'm gonna send it
rich rich we'll look at it if you send
every to a look at it we can guarantee
that right give him that maybe I'll just
put it near my head okay all right give
me something rich he wants to send you a
nice hat give him something but you know
it's like the minor like a service
souvenirs tag the places I have been a
little little road trip trips have been
in yeah but and you know what this is
this is this maybe it'll give you a
incentive to go on a road trip - do we
know where they are yet mr. Hartford I
think Hartford yeah Connecticut that's
that's probably not going on a road trip
to Hartford Connecticut Connecticut
could be beautiful it's not that far
away Connecticut that's kind of far away
we could drive to Connecticut
Connecticut oz Baxter's is rich Jagan
rich yep discovered rlm and prereq last
year been catching up on YouTube love
you guys sorry if this has been asked
but have you ever played or would
consider playing Skyrim Thank You sirs
oh yeah all this is health I think she
played Skyrim should play The Witcher 3
should have played the Skyrim you should
played witcher 3 you know if you like
they're acting like I have said I hate
Skyrim when in fact it's just something
that I never played because I don't play
literally every game that has ever been
made but you know it's like if you like
all this open-world stuff in Skyrim
music I remember I I might play it at
some point I I got I got the only thing
I got against it was uh I know it was
like first person and I was very iffy on
like swinging around a sword the first
person first person melee something or
sure sure
I'm with you but I hear there's a third
person camera so I don't know I don't
know maybe here first folks maybe
rich Evans officially says what's your
what's your three I've been very upfront
the roadblock is I'd be anal about
wanting to play the series in order and
I can't get into the first one I tried
that's it that's a weird role it is
weird but then that's where I'm at all
right
that's a weird roadblock i someone
gifted me a while ago The Witcher 3 and
I would love to play it right now my
roadblock for Witcher 3 is I just got
done playing two very big open world
games and I don't have room in my heart
for another one all you have to do is
push r3 and boom third person what what
key is that on a PC that's that's a snap
but if I'm doing like melee I really
don't mind using a controller sure but I
couldn't help a dig him they got a dig
less there's lots of using a bow and
arrow then definitely keyboard and mouse
oh yeah well you know how I played
Dragon's Dogma I I was using like the
controller for like you know swing
around my sword and whenever I took my
bow out my mouse wasn't sitting nearby
reach my hand over the mouse real quick
really yeah that's that's how I that's
fine so I played Dragon's Dogma ball
interesting that is interesting and
strange rich more strange more strange
and interesting I'll be honest with you
Jackie left damsel right there
there were piranhas in that water I left
the damsel in the water
there were piranhas in that water and I
didn't feel comfortable killing the
piranhas or rescuing the damsel without
hitting the piranhas and so I would have
probably ended up losing hearts
previously required life rich would play
Skyrim when it's even further into the
series than Witcher 3 is into its series
am I am I am i incorrect aren't the the
Elder Scrolls games all different main
characters and wildly different time
periods like how do you
is afterwards a completely different
hero I'm sorry we done I made it's so
fun let's finish up with the tips finish
up with the tips
oh I made it so fucking I was I had the
jet pack to that time rich I was feeling
good I had a good weapon that Queen
fucking be that you can't stop on unless
he got the spiky boots different times
and lands yeah so then I don't give a
fuck about playing the Elder Scrolls in
order that's that's different than
following one character through his
through his adventures it's a different
is that what you're doing the way sure
yeah I believe they're all generic
badass gerald of basalts Geralt Geralt
and well ours but are they like direct
grunt fuck you direct chronologically I
guess the question I'm asking I believe
they are good because what if Witcher 3
is actually I'm frequent I'm wrong about
many things Jack okay that's good to
know
in general nama says hey Richard if you
could be any snake oh fuck it are you
excited a baseball season I'm not I
don't like baseball very much it's ok
though lol milk that cow know that cow
not not super excited I don't I don't
think the White Sox are on track to be
having a very good year they didn't last
year and I haven't heard about I haven't
heard about any major changes but the
thing is you don't hear much about the
White Sox when you live in Milwaukee
right it doesn't make the news here
right and there are no nearby minor
league teams back back back in the
Chicagoland area they were like freakin
four of them one of them was like five
minutes from a damn house that was some
function here nothing nothing fucking
nothing it's a waste it's a cultural
wasteland basically yeah uh yeah a lot
of good things going for us we just
don't have my own baseball team double
to deuces the original series is the
best series oh I ain't got nothing
against are you talking about Star Trek
ain't got nothing against TOS I'm
partial to TNG but I think the original
sir
is great and I love those characters I
love I love I love me some Kirk Spock
and McCoy what's not to love about Kirk
Spock in the car right right exactly
exactly I'm down yeah my favorite has
always been team G just because that's
what I grew up with yeah but you know I
think there's some redeemable stuff in
the original series especially those
like silent and elongated space battles
yeah we're more like submarine battles
you know just slow and not exciting at
all or you're like have you watched oh
god was it dumb night of Terra battle of
terror oh god what's the name of the
episode just the whole episode of TOS
where it's Kirk vs. a Romulan Club and
it's a it's a slow submarine style
combat it's fucking great okay I'm
saying there's some good stuff in there
hi I'm saying I enjoy that something of
terror I'm trying to blink in the name
but balance of terror thank you bounce
thank you Tiberius but my I mean my eye
I will always I will always default to
the next gen being my favorite because
that's what I grew up with that's what I
started watching Trek wise it's like one
of the best episodes of tos and it's
it's it's why the the Romulans are
better enemy are better villains than
the Klingons so we're just rawr or we
we're bad guys this there's a little bit
more depth when it comes to the Romulans
dumb strong bad guy we tough warrior
smash we villain yes girl the Yoda ha ha
ha we turned this place into
dictatorship
ha ha ha ha we villain yes kill you with
sword combat good I'll take I'll take
the Romulans over the Klingons as
villains rich I guess what I'm asking is
when did you start writing for Star Trek
I've been writing for discovery
Oh anonymous says riches fame grows
three days ago you were part of the top
daily reddit post as your image was used
in a mrw war till meme w m mr w or TI L
mean I have no idea what it was but I
saw the beautiful face and said fuck yes
upvote okay I don't know and that scares
me
umm anonymous says this Star Trek will
be the first series try to watch I'm a
big fan of Jason Isaac and Rainn Wilson
a Rainn Wilson is gonna be in it he's
playing here I think it's playing Harry
Mudd Rainn Wilson who's Harry Mudd as a
con man from the original series oh
that's what I've heard I've heard he's
playing Harry but I don't know I don't
know anything for sure about the goddamn
series right well Rainn Wilson is good
yeah bad also likes a niqua from The
Walking Dead and a perspective of a crew
mate
especially if Isaac plays an asshole hmm
we'll see we'll see there's a lot of a
lot of I don't know when it comes to
discovery yeah
other than some visual things I thought
were ugly but oh that shit look I
remember that triangle yeah cylinders on
the back yeah
other other than that I mean that's
superficial it could be great otherwise
sometimes superficial is part of it man
I know it's something you gotta look at
the whole fucking show like it better be
nice to look at SRI chances actually
somebody in the chat made a good point
hey no death zelda run stream Yaga area
nigga area doesn't count don't even have
to get all the beasts before you head to
get it it could be a neat rich stream I
know death run yeah I can see that
taking forever unless I'd tried to do
speedrun strats yeah yeah that would be
the thing me
probably not interesting I'm too partial
to taking my time with games and if I'm
doing a no death round try to make it a
shorter game right though I guess
technically so that could be a shorter
game but I never give me ever give me
like a headache just skipping over all
of the stuff all of the neat stuff yeah
still watching Legion yes I'm still
watching Legion what a fucking great
show it's over now it's only the season
1 of Legion was like eight episodes so
fucking good but it's over now
anonymous have you guys played Hyrule
Zelda for Wii U I think there's a co-op
and sounds like it's a fun dynasty
Warriors beat them up while you two tell
tales of yonder past delavane gallivants
o best past gallivants into the abyss of
wonderment
I hate dynasty Warriors it's just too
dumb rich hey I hate dynasty Warriors
it's too dumb to dumb and you know what
I fuck you snake though visually it
might be my favorite link that like blue
scarf yeah thing whatever that is and I
love dynasty Warriors and I even haven't
played it so give me a dynasty Warriors
outfit best bad breath of the while I'm
sure there's an amiibo the dynasty
warriors link there'll be some DLC roots
don't worry it's part of the season yeah
I know I know
do you think you'll pick it up when new
stuff comes out for it I'm enjoying it
enough I don't like I don't like DLC but
that doesn't mean I won't enjoy it I
just wish wasn't the thing in the first
place I would rather all this shit we're
just in the base game well that's what
that's what I'm asking I know you're not
a big fan of DLC but you are a big fan
of the game yeah I haven't I haven't
refused to play DLC on principle like I
said I just
wish it were thing right I wish they you
know even if you got out even if you got
a delay the game a month or two just
just you know just give me it as part of
the game don't jerk me around this shit
I got a download and what once once
there not once the servers are down that
content is gone not a fan of the concept
I know I know that about you I like I
like having hard copies of things that's
not the world I know it's not and it's
terrible
it is terrible it is anti it's an anti
consumer world yes it is yes it is it's
an anti ownership world
I consider that anti-consumer well
that's how you consume yes it's fine
that does not make it it's it's more a
consumer world than it has ever been in
fact it's it's so consumer oriented
they're not even worried about you
keeping the thing you bought they just
are so interested in you buying the next
thing it's so consumer orientated that
it's it's scary
oz Baxter says hey guys thoughts and
Douglas Adams Everett ever read a
Hitchhiker's Guide or Dirk Gently thanks
to the entertainment lol long live live
long and prosper
love Douglas Adams I love I love the
Hitchhiker's Guide books well I love
most of the Hitchhiker's Guide books the
third one is ass and the fifth one was
yeah yeah you know why did you have to
end it that way I know you're sick of
doing it you could have just said no
right yeah he's great Dirk Gently is a
fantastic I've only read the first one
the Dirk gently's holistic top agency
but it's a fantastic book
I've read The Hitchhiker's books and
I've heard the radio place started his
radio thing oh okay
yeah actually and you know what there is
an audiobook available for Dirk Gently
that is douglas adams reading it sounds
extra bonus extra bonus pithy british
man reading his pithy british book extra
pith Tiberius Kirk says I really liked
the fourth book if you're talking about
Hitchhiker's Guide I fully agree with
you the fourth book was a wonderful
change of pace because most of it took
place on earth it was it was our third
ed basically just readjusting to having
trying to rid just having a normal life
after going on these grand space
adventures Oh fun the fourth book is
just a wonderful change of pace you know
and I think I might have only read the
first one of hitchhikers trying to
remember I'm trying to remember at any
of them at the moment button
which one was the cafe at the center of
the air at the end of the universe
that is the second one okay then I might
have read the first third one was about
cricket that's not ringing a bell
whenever not a great way to sell your
book globally but you know what I gotta
give him credit for doing what the fuck
he wants to do he's gonna do everyone a
lot of fucking cricket references that
I'm I just don't get because I don't
know jack shit about cricket right
what about book 5 doesn't anybody love
book 5 mmm it ends he just has everybody
blow up it's the most unsatisfying
fucking way you could end the series he
was sick of doing it yeah he didn't want
to do book 5 okay and so in the end he
just murders everyone oh I really you
know couldn't you've just not made this
the fifth damn board if that were the
case yeah just don't make it that's
pretty funny huh oh yeah you know there
is a Hitchhiker's text adventure Oh is
there yeah written by Douglas Adams yes
interesting interesting very interesting
zaga d-axis
says are you guys really retiring the we
love the worst I've been saving up weird
VHS tapes for the last three years to
send them in bulk if you haven't noticed
every every we love the worst episode
sounds like the last one though the next
one might really be the last one
tune in folks tune in to find out what
happened the next exciting episode of we
love The Wiz oh I got pictures I got
pictures I can show you anything Jack
huh you don't say jack shit not saying
nothing except for I got pictures
that doesn't mean nothing rich that
doesn't mean nothing
hey baby give me some kisses rich is so
old
it'll make Thanks thanks I appreciate
that that makes that makes me feel real
good about myself
who's that the wrong getting older rich
sorry Jen says the dlc is at least a
brand new dungeon and story thing as
long as it feels like it wasn't
something that could have been in the
standard game and it truly is a bonus oh
sure like something that was room I mean
nothing feels removed from the gamers so
there's so much in it how about an
enjoyable boss fight DLC one other thing
I thought of that I wish I brought up as
a criticism yeah but I didn't wasn't on
my mind at the time yeah could use a
little bit more enemy variety where the
where are the iron knuckles and dark
nuts where are they in the DLC probably
probably and that's horrible I would
love to fight a iron knuckle with this
combat system that would that would be
interesting using like Magnus's to take
off some of the armor plating you can do
some fun shit with that mm-hmm
agreed dark nuts dark knots that was
pronounced dark nuts
dark nuts yeah tomato tomahto man they
know what you're talking about people
people get on you too much about the way
you pronounce stuff they know what
you're talking about and settle down
everyone did you understand what the man
was saying no no truck type tektites
tektites
they did have some actor rags
go bone which one's the girl woman
spider with the big spider monster with
a big I kind of like it kind of like a
giant tektite really
I see them checking it my real Ted don't
tell me what to do you're right you're
right I can't tell you what to do I can
just advise you die monkeys the redeads
the corpses that would stand up and
scream and do the frozen in place yeah
those are freakish imagine a swamp where
those things start coming out of the
muck ah yeah what a man wouldn't have
been fucking great I mean it might be in
there we don't know don't go to this
swamp at night oh god that would be the
freakiest shit Ridge so I regret this I
still love the game yeah i regretting
that criticizing enemy variety regret
that okay all right on hindsight I can I
can agree with you I mean it's it's one
of those things like you know like like
all of my criticism like like the music
like the boss battles
none of that broke how good the game was
but yeah there was some there you know
what the game had some issues it was not
a perfect game
it was not a perfect game it was damn
good though
Loretta am damn good the red epic says
yeah
Ralph's design for discovery is
generally disliked but I think the
design is kind of cool
looks like a heavy cruiser warship pre
Cruiser to the Constitution class also
probably not the main ship why wouldn't
it be the main ship though the the show
was called discovery and that ship is
the discovery that's I'm not I'm not
seeing much evidence that this is the
main ship other than everybody hates the
design because it's fucking awful and so
they don't want it to be the don't want
it to be I just don't want it to be like
ah Baxter says just discovered the
prereq police quest episodes that sunny
bonds voice is amazing
lol rlm should purchase the rights and
make a live-action police quest with
rich owning the role oh well make it so
thank you I'm glad you enjoyed it
there's a classic classic stream classic
stream Anonymous's one is the Richard
Edlund sequel there's got to be some
sons of they're plotting revenge or a
daughter Oh
pom pom pom no that would be the twist
never never again never screw around in
high school it's gonna haunt me to the
day I die
apparently apparently I'm now caught up
on the tips I know are caught up how
much longer you plan on playing this for
but you know what we'll just go to death
here got a decent run going but you know
we can just go to death and I'm okay
with that
oh come on rich I love that video you
weren't in it you'd like it a lot less
of you were in it
that looked like a fight that looked
like you were having a lot of fun with
Mike yeah so mm Chad I'm not seeing any
miss tip about piracy I'm just not
seeing it maybe someone stole it not
quite not quite an accurate analogy but
I get it though
I get what you're going for I'm picking
up what you're putting down
I could really go for a jetpack right
about now
I'm pretty sure the red letter media
forum is now permanently closed oh is it
yeah oh how sad I did not know that yeah
wasn't been used that much
plenty of comments elsewhere oh sure I
just
hello jetpack no it's not I'm in it
right now yeah but I don't think I don't
think new people are being accepted
didn't we
it's like it's like a like a legacy kind
of thing like your grandfather and I
think you could still hang out there in
post but oh and yeah I don't know I'm
not I'm not up to date on on what is
happening in the red letter media forums
yeah I don't I don't know that new
people can join up anymore is what I'm
saying
interesting I thought Jay said he was
gonna you know close it down like that
she wanted everyone is still here you
know keep hanging out but we're gonna
take it off the website I thought I
thought that's what that was the thing
but I could be wrong interesting that's
very interesting I did not know about
this I did not know about this startling
development not to discuss I'm pretty
sure disgust is still there it's
something different we actually
discusses what the comments that's the
comments under the videos on the red
letter media side yeah the the forum
which some people just might not know
that there was a forum which I guess is
part of the problem have you read any
Arlen gay fanfic why the fuck would I
ever do that maybe you're into that
stuff
oh why would you do it yeah yeah
you know what I don't think I would read
non-gay fanfic that's the rule 34 shit
right there
it's 34 right yeah there is part of it
no exceptions there's something that
exists yeah there's something that could
exist not only does it exist but there's
already a porn of it and is that captain
blue 42 says since my last step
apparently didn't go through I'll just
ask again
do either of you watch Rick and Morty if
so what's your favorite episode though
she's in three premiere know their
season 3 premiere and how they aired it
was great did you watch the season 3
premiere no because it aired on April
Fool's Day and I didn't know about it
ahead of time right right I think it's I
think it's up on YouTube I just gotta
get around to it probably probably
tonight or something I love Rick and
Morty it's it is dethroned the venture
brother and is now my favorite show on
TV currently airing it's extremely
difficult to pick a favorite episode
because there have been so many high
quality episodes mm-hmm I don't think I
could pick a favorite yeah and you know
after rich suggested I watch it I
watched the first season which I think I
think it was on Hulu when I had Hulu I
watch the whole first season and I think
it's a perfectly adequate show and yeah
there are some things I don't like about
it never felt like watching any more so
to the best of my knowledge Venture
Brothers has not been cancelled yet it
just it takes them literally like three
years to make a season and as much as I
have loved The Venture Brothers in the
past that last season they did I forgot
was 6 or 7 which the show's been on for
like 15 years so that says something
sure I I didn't really enjoy the last
season oh okay it was you know
no it felt like one very long very
mediocre episode the whole season the
whole season all right other people are
saying last Venture Brothers season
rekindled my love for the show well
there you go rich so there you go
different different strokes for
different folks mm-hmm as much as I have
heard about Rick and Morty I have
developed no desire to see it shame for
shame you know we'll give it a try guy
Rim what do you play Skyrim if you
played Skyrim rich you know what you
don't watch that Rick and Morty your boy
like if you can watch it for free why
not you know I don't know you dumb lady
why not give it a try if you can watch a
free movie it might be up on online I'm
like Adult Swim or something at this
point or but or is it on it's not
Cartoon Network yeah wish Rick good
morning yeah yeah so it's like if you
can watch it for free why not
it's all available for free right now on
Adult Swim comm there you yep
then do it why not give it a shot yeah
you know we're don't know what other
people tell you what to do that sounds
like something you would like then check
it out but doesn't catch your interest
well that's their fault but not catching
your interest
frisky dingo I love I love me some
frisky dingo that you know I miss easy I
remember first meeting a fine show fine
show welcome to you our doom I don't
know if he's trying to get word out on
his end the world scheme and so they
were sending out like postcards like as
an advertisement and there was a typo
and it said welcome to you an apostrophe
re doom welcome to you our doom nice
nice
and got no bombs rich I have a problem
how was Metalocalypse it's great but
it'll never have an ending they had that
last movie they made and instead they
chose to end that the fucking
cliffhanger my god great great yeah I
didn't want revolution revolution to
anything but there's still some great
standalone hilarious episodes of
Metalocalypse yeah I can be down the
middle but it will never have an ending
and you just have to you have to be ok
with that
yeah you just have to be ok with that
fortunately the main selling point isn't
necessarily the long-running mystery
there's a lot there's a lot of good
standalone episodes so but but
everything they've been teasing no
resolution
Nana says any opinions on mr. robot
season one with some of the best
television I've ever seen and season two
some of the very worst I am not familiar
with mr. robot
I know people talk about it's the show
but the hacker right and I totally don't
know anything about it I believe it's
the show about the hacker which I'm so
fucked I'm sorry what's wrong I don't
have any bombs yeah this is necessary
because okay well I think I know I have
one more stage still so when I get when
you get to the end boss he is a giant
head that crushes you and if you have
bombs you can you need to bring him down
to the lava and and so he crushes you
and you're supposed to get out of the
way really fast so he breaks the rock in
front of you but if you have a bunch of
bombs you can do this a lot quicker and
more efficiently but I have no bombs
should be yep mr. pickles gets a 90th
season or some shit mr. pickles yeah
don't swim cartoon about a satanic dawn
a demonic satanic duck I saw one episode
I got it and I didn't feel a need to
watch any other episodes because I'm
sure it's the same thing over and over
again
sure
sorry chances would you be interested in
using more amiibos for your Zelda I
should have some extras around here or
my store if you want get some fun loops
ah you know what I'm fine I'm fine with
the one that gives me my Twilight
Princess outfit I'm fine with that
alright here it is and boss I made to
the emboss rich and boss I don't we're
fine good swag already one of the in
bosses one of them this is this is boss
number one all mechs head
but I have my I have my handy-dandy
jetpack ooo there might be some bombs up
here yes good luck jack thank you rich
oh bombs yes all of them
fuck oh we just lucked the fuck out this
is happening this is happening it seems
like you've got some great items going
on here the shotgun and the jet pack are
definitely helping Oh twelve more bombs
why aren't you opening the chest out of
curiosity uh it's just money okay and I
don't necessarily care about that I
wanted to check for bombs first but yeah
like there's just jewels in there and
shot the shotguns unlimited the shotguns
unlimited and you know actually I don't
even know I have it right now because I
don't really need it just drop it that
could be monsters in there so don't want
to open that up okay so see what he does
here you know he hits the floor yeah
just like a Super Mario Brothers 3
Bowser kind of and so yeah what what
they want you to do is like have him try
to smash you and then you dodged out of
the way yeah but I ain't playing that
game I have 23 bombs I should be able to
bomb my way down to the lava and then
just lure him over here which is kind of
a cheap ass way to do it but you know
what I'm gonna win tonight and so I'm
gonna be I'm gonna be cheap
he doesn't chase you very much doesn't
he well he's stuck over there he only
chases you if he sees you but I you can
ride the top of his head and like if
you're on the left side of his head
he'll bounce all the way to the left
yeah and then I can jetpack up around
out of his out of his eyes you cheese
and motherfucker I know this game this
is a game I know how to cheese
we're speaking of shaysing FTL
teleporters teleporters teleporters
sometimes sometimes you got a cheese I
ain't got no room to complain right
forget how wide I need to make this I
think it's pretty damn wide you want to
make damn sure he falls in it oh yeah
and let's see if I can show you I don't
know that if the door is open for this
there's like a more secret ending ever
missing this like Isaac right it's like
Isaac so like we see it way but down in
that left-hand corner actually people
can't see it because of the overlay so
you can get closer you guys might be
able to see it now that little face is a
platform yeah if you do so many things
like X and X and X and X and X and then
ride the top of his head down there
that's a door to hell okay
and that'll get you to the further
levels I think this is gonna be wide
enough yeah that should be wide enough
I'm bringing my shotgun with me you know
why it's been with me so long it's your
buddy Jack you can't get rid of your
buddy that's my ass shotgun if you're
good if you get to the undead it's not
an a shotgun that's pump-action if you
get to the undead level there's a
tombstone that says ash in it and buried
underneath is the shotgun okay obviously
not the shotgun hi motherfucker
let's go boom boom and that's that's
level one of the game look a giant
adorable treasure sorry if you want to
send me some Zelda amiibos I won't
complain I'll unlock all the shit that's
what I'll do you can you can I'll be
honest with you I beat Zelda before we
did the review you're done haven't
played it since yeah I have you went
back and played Verizon you finished for
us that's true I finished horizon and
you know normally I'm not like a story
in games person but I after beating
horizon getting to the end of the story
it was very satisfying
yeah I've been with that character for a
long time I liked the little backstory
good fucking good boss fight and much
like much like in Zelda and I'm sure
like in other games you get to this
final fight right yeah you versus all
the Robo dinosaurs and there's a ton of
people who you've done side quests for
that are there to help you okay and I'm
sure there were other people because I
didn't do all the side quests like if I
would have done all the side quest there
would have been more people but just
like I remember I helped you find your
lost boyfriend and she's like thank you
so much for fighting my last boyfriend
here's some potions I'm here to fight
with you and like it was this like big
coming together of all the side missions
in the story all for the final stand
against arose and I was like how
satisfying the worst name horizon 0 done
but what a lovely game but the third of
the game
two-thirds of the way through the game
but make then the good name
they said you're right they said the
name of it after you've already played
the game so if they called it purple
monkey dinosaur I guess as long as
somewhere in the story someone said both
purple monkey and dinosaurs it's a great
name
it's a great name but I beat it I feel
very satisfied and beating it and then I
didn't have any games to play so I got
to watch Noah and then the Vivek I took
time out to watch babe I loved it I
loved it
I'll you know what I'll bring it up to
the kids I'll show them that this week
I'll be like so you guys what was babe
you know the talking pig and the big dad
watching fucking babe I was amazed they
were willing to get as dark as they got
look babe
it gets pretty dark that's great yeah
kids movies do need to get dark yeah
purple monkey dishwasher what I think
you know I liked it I enjoyed it I
enjoyed a lot of it even even though
they had these like big grand action
sequences like these big battles and
they're like just very unnecessary
fright like I'm sure that was the studio
saying this needs to be an epic yeah and
they're now secure gone but I want to
tell this simple story about a man's
whose faith is tested and they're like
giant rock monsters so it felt like the
good stuff was Aronofsky like the the
the small but intense character moments
we're all Aronofsky but then they had
these parts that felt a little too Chris
Nolan II but it all worked it all works
in the end and overall I enjoyed it that
was a fine movie this is you know what
there's a nice way to end the stream it
spelunky win
it took me a little bit to get my groove
back thank you everyone for sticking
with me if Jax oldest kid is eight then
he's not nearly too old but no he's not
but you know how I mean they think
they're all older
everyone thinks they're older than they
are so cool for them she watch babe it's
a heartwarming tale about a talking pig
fucking show the stats what's in the
stats only 22 deaths 22 deaths and I and
I get to Oh Mike
there's a fresh save so boom but didn't
I died 22 times tonight I've had 22
times today that's what that really
means Jack that's great that's great but
23 is my lucky number then the part when
we say the things that are the names of
the people who have subscribed to us
during this stream yeah krob 23 fucking
months a neurosis evening chaps Tiberius
Kirk nineteen months and roses what did
Don Rickles mean by calling people a
hockey puck anyway
you know you know certain fat possibly
well you know where that really comes
from um
Don Rickles famous insult comedian yeah
worked in a time where you couldn't work
blue in order to get the job Zagat you
couldn't cuss mm-hmm of course you could
say horrible things about people's
appearance race sexual orientation long
as you didn't say one of the seven words
as long as you didn't say a swear word
and so he had to think of creative ways
to insult people
that's where Howie put you a hockey puck
you know that means it means you're
dense let me just show it you dense and
you're fat and I loved it dry three rows
three
it says been watching your archived
streams from years ago just took a break
from your Octodad vid to watch you live
thank you thank you for showing up and
probably being horribly disappointed
dick gently er says six months of this
what have I done with my life that's a
good question
stray cat 72 fair question
dream sign 13 Hartree fucker
humberto Cabbage Patch 27 fucking months
a neurosis lol lol eat my section sauce
Szechuan Szechuan Szechuan sauce that's
it that is a meme thanks to Rick and
Morty oh you can you see kick girl V 12
months in a row welcome to one year says
it's my prereq anniversary what did you
get me we gave you a quality stream or
or at least hopefully an adequate stream
her man
eatle our CMC me 84 says enough though
even Oh even though the world is going
to shit you guys still managed to make
my day well thank you
our CMC well has been shit for a long
time now ain't nothing changed Mizzou El
Pollo Diablo says ahoy hoy yeah yeah
yeah you're gonna roll your table of
Diablo and bowl of Diablo that's much
better
6:57 that's much better how about this
and we go L poor Diablo my oh alright
I'll take that
mr. glitch Vladimir was Strad the real
they on 17 months in a room says it took
me in a barely an embarrassingly long
time to realize horse ninja was a joke
seriously it wasn't until the guy ran up
the stairs to arrest horse ninja that I
said that's the stairwell from the free
wreck witness video oh my god
worm sauce David in David I know
people's says yo it's seven months PS
T's David I know people it's cool tone
T's David T pasta Rios beats a train 11
26 fucking months in a row so I'm not
sure if you have addressed this before
but why do some studios release trailers
aka Justice League seven months before
the movie is supposed to open what is
the point from a profit slash promotion
agenda
thanks you fucks jack you have any
thoughts on this he's building a hype
taking their time doing it and it's not
it's not like normal movies like you
know normal movies a month or so before
the movie comes out you just want to
make people aware of it everybody on the
internet everyone on planet Earth knows
they are making a Justice League movie
yeah so the point of releasing trailers
seven months beforehand is not to
advertise the movie it's to give
assholes who do trailer breakdowns
another little snip bit of something to
talk about so people keep talking about
your product exactly and you know what
they'll put out another trailer and that
extra that another trailer will have
five seconds of extra footage and then
there will be a video dedicated to let's
break down this five seconds here's what
we've learned about the Justice League
because that keeps the machine
moving alright X white lightning welcome
no fear no Envy for twenty six fucking
months in a row says casual arse
ninja Charlotte m3 I'm saying it
Charlotte Tim shot with him
charlatan that sounds like a charlatan
yeah yeah but but Charlotte French with
an M on the end shout at them the red
epic welcome and SF Wookiee Frisco Jones
for 31 fucking months in a row Jacob old
Oh Koopa time foam bath Rey time foam
bath races Jesus Christ shut up already
idea play Andromeda talk through the
opening cinematic and about how wrong
you were about the series then once the
game starts take one step and rage quit
nope nope I'm done it's gone I said my
fucking face it's done dip we never have
to talk about it again left off a bit
kid 29 fucking months around says
proudly supporting thoughtful original
entertaining and engaging content on
Twitch for twenty nine months and also
prereq heart emoji you're encouraged
about beefcake and user nine nine nine
nine zero thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it would you have more
on here why did this end I'm have IVA
the old version though I'm the laptop
that is the new version right no way
this is to point to why did this one end
this one just get disconnected at some
point almost interesting we have more we
have more we have more I was wondering
why you were saying no because I'm at
the bottom of my list you interesting
good thing we had both of them running
by the way that's this I wonder if this
probably wanted to sleep at some point
oh and then it probably stops that could
be that's probably it
you know what that's why just like
Nassau rich we have a redundancy yeah
yeah it's smart its smart that's
probably where I'm missing people every
men have come sure sure where's the wait
were you a user nine nine nine nine zero
was last night
oh sure so a flock of sea cows welcome
Ezekiel jeans says rich just want to say
thanks for getting me into the thief
series what did you think of the newest
one did you hate it like everyone else I
thought it was fine just fine I I didn't
see any point in playing it because of
everything I've heard about it yeah what
do I need that for what I need that my
life for it's got a name I like on it
that's not enough I'm glad you enjoyed
it as you thought it was fine
random collection of asian-looking
letters racist you you go study you go
study Asian for nine months you tell me
what that says properly oh I don't know
which Asian that is it's one of them or
or chicken scratch don't be racist
against chickens space aliens super
cocaine says pork pork by spork you
hacks alpaca death-trap
even though I enjoy you hack stumbling
over my name I decided to capitalize it
for you thanks for all the entertainment
so you can retroactively Lee kept a
capitalized name alpaca death-trap
dr. soya days for twenty four fucking
months a neurosis super karate monkey
death car that could have been the name
of Verizon's they could have been it
could have been as long as they said
that at some point in the game it would
have been perfect way to bring it man
IDI boron and actually and now yes
Erebus and ather for 12 months in a row
welcome to the one year color thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate
it's true
