The End is ToNIGHt (Part 1)
July 12, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JdBUbvOc_kE

[A] is your bitter Jack it's not your bitter
it's not a bitter thing you know like
there was it there was a fun
back-and-forth between me and J M on the
Twitter's the other day where you know
like it just so happens or no we were
surprised that they didn't release
another one on Sunday yeah yeah yeah
we're uh they're gonna upload this as
soon as we start streaming and you know
we were we're watching Bo TW yeah go
away free reg right stop stop streaming
prereq we were kind of playfully joking
that they do it right when we started on
Sunday and apparently they waited for
today to do that which is fine
so you know listen we're here you guys
finish it you guys found me you know
just come back whenever you're ready
well you were just here he's gonna start
playing wait until we've had time to
finish the work of course yeah yeah the
wheel looks great doesn't it thank you
thank you like it looks great in real
life but even more sit like it looks
great on camera better than I thought
really pops really pops I think I think
the one criticism out have is I'd love
to see it higher let's see it raised up
awesome different but the hard part was
you know the wheel and the spinning
functionality and the flapper yeah yeah
no I think I think in future episodes
I'd love to see it just like kind of you
know like chest-high dish ma'am yeah cuz
you know like there's a lot of bending
over there's a lot of awkward camera
angles so I'd love to see it like you
know we love wheel of fortune stuff
anyway
today's us it's Wednesday it's Wednesday
we're gonna play the end is nigh I have
an important question rich do I skip the
cutscenes no why would you skip the
cutscenes right for those who don't know
the end is nigh is the new game by
Edmund McMillen
and rich Evans voices Ashe the main
cares
bizarrely bizarre watch people stream
this earlier and it's a little bit weird
to hear your voice hey I was involved
with that I'm just hanging up lurking
and watching your stream yeah yeah
and so yeah a lot of people were asking
if we were planning on doing a episode
about this and yeah no mostly no we're
too close
I'm Ithaca yes for a friend of the show
former prereq guest and friend of the
show edmund mcmillen who we've been
working with not only through that I cut
together the gameplay trailer that you
see on the store page and all that fun
stuff so let's play let's play the game
I've played a little bit I put it a
little bit to my favorite games here we
have classic controls that you're
jumping you got going left and right and
like always in these games avoid the
spikes
Oh oh no no no no no no no I'll fuck oh
fuck oh god no this can't be broke here
let me get out oh no it's still not
working
oh fuck fuck what am I gonna do
fine work rich it's acceptable work fine
work dear anybody reading this I'm
probably dead
that wouldn't be surprising everybody
else's there was some kind of apocalypse
and all that was left was me well most
of it all at all no hasn't been so bad
till yesterday my favorite game
cartridge finally broke nothing I'm
gonna go out and make a friend I have to
go out there outside it's a dangerous
twisted
death mostly you know what imagine all
the fun we'll have me and my friend you
know collecting tumors spinning teeth
for distance you don't do it right
you're populating the world this won't
be easy but I have nothing left to lose
except my other eye
how long buggin
it is very strange the character of ash
is a let's player and we're plent we're
streaming this let's we're let's playing
this and you're the boy and your voice
is in front of your voice it's we've we
haven't we have invented a hypothetical
fifth wall whoa
you gotta click over back on the game
whoo see you hopping around you're
collecting shit when you get that one up
there I don't know yet I can only assume
at some point there's power-ups or a way
to get down or a way to get down yeah
there's a lot of there's a lot of
secretiy areas to this but you know it's
pretty standard you know you're not
gonna talk to the ghost I'm not gonna
tell all the skeletons I'm not gonna
talk to Elvis kontin's cuz I know all
the shit already
people don't huh people to the end oh
they don't care about what the skeletons
say they just want to see the game okay
but I wasn't dead I used to hang off
corners and stuff just like hanging out
get it
please don't die alright see look you
can hang out for a little spike things
people get people what's going on yes
you already missed my voiceover maybe we
can get some more rich can you plate
this instead so we can enjoy the story
you're not that much doing right you
guys saw the cutscene you know the
important part oh shit oh shit
you know the important part the
important part is that we're going we're
going out to make a friend I gotta get
the tumors do you have to I feel a need
to get the tumors yes something
different happen if you don't what's the
incentive other than just you want to
collect things in games that's a great
question and I will show we'll get we'll
get to that point soon I will show you
why it's important it unlocks things
it unlocks things
we're finally fucking made it I suppose
we'll see we'll see if Edwin never talks
to us again I have my doubts oh you did
fine work fine work you did fine fine
work
it's just binding of Super Meat Boy keep
right you know a lot of similar art
styles and a lot of similar themes you
fucked up
yeah there's a lot of there's a lot of
you know Gish
how many sandwiches that I give Jack for
my work in this game you have the joy
and pleasure of working with a personal
hero of yours I you know I did have that
but I'm also taking a cut so that's what
about one of the main reasons I agreed
that though what because I knew what you
wanted to do this I did I appreciate
that
I appreciate that I knew the score I
would have tried to have talked about
him like no this this this is much
better you can do than me
you know yeah
welcome go back for a second
I got that too there anything up there
yeah yeah I do better I got that up top
like up through we can get the spikes on
the Left Oh trying it over there I got
the tumor already right I know but I
there might be more than the tumor
how much time did you can actually spend
recording for this won't even you'd
probably think for as little as there
probably is but you want to get things
right and then sometimes you get to
think yes see that a mega tumor oh I
mean it probably took us one like in
total spread out across a couple weeks
five days yeah we work like a lot of
hundreds and hundreds a day though right
right I'd say I would say that we put in
approximately five half days hmm
you think that's an it sounds about
right yeah yeah
this Edvin stopping in for tonight's
stream not that we not that we know cuz
he's probably sleeping spend ages
working on a game and comes out you're
probably just a crash Oh both Edmond and
Tyler I'm sure are just I already saw
like Tyler was putting out some hot
fixes today they had some bugs game devs
work is never done
I didn't get that tumor down there you
go oh I've gotten that one before oh my
god they're secret walls
I'll know I'm down here I play this for
a bit I did not get hung up on I'm
collecting all the things oh yeah I was
just mostly just getting through the
rooms sure I like collecting all the
things save go through the door and save
don't save save your collection or I
could just do it good what did you find
tumor that falls what triggers it nope
okay I think you need to hit all three
on that first one
oh close jack close nope
the camera is like right in my way over
there's a hole we can get this no you
can't like you can't just grab the tumor
you also have to get out is the problem
can you actually die in this game or is
it basically consequence-free it's
basically consequence-free as you're
clearly seeing the you know the you get
nine thousand four hundred and seventy
two lives is that it yeah that's it it
shows its secret it's kind of like a
gotcha
okay which is the expert Ian at me
I might not get this one because you
know we want to keep moving forward
right all the pro streamers streaming
this game they be getting all the stuff
well of course they're getting all the
stuff I'm not a pro streamer
I don't got delete strats I'm just I'm
just the whole you know was saving I'm
just killing time until we can talk
about spider-man dammit it was good
right back yeah I almost got too much
time there jack it's a problem getting
too good at killing nope
getting too good at killing time there's
a lot of stuff we can talk about like we
can talk about the the first round ah
first round the first round of the great
twitch versus YouTube experiment yeah
Friday the 13th just to give the half in
the bag and I open it to give the half
in the bag an extra day I spent some
time and I uploaded it to twitch okay
because you know we kept we talked about
good all you did because you know we've
talked about doing that as an experiment
before like uploading it to twitch to
see how the numbers were would be
right
oh I see what I have to do can't do it
now
Wow if you fucked up well I'm sure I
could get back can you restart can you
like hit start and go to the first area
in this yeah level McGee
oh I'm hanging on the side I thought I'd
died look there's this there's a little
spike up there I see that right yeah
nope I think if you want about it the
wrong way I think you have to go through
the other side and then come back I
think that's the appropriate way to do
it
Oh or the way I just did it it's really
happening
the Ascension is real I've paid my
attendance I've been forgiven I can see
like you Jer see a white light you see a
foot
something about a fingernail I'm feeling
feelings again this is finally over
goodbye cruel world
all right
nope
yes my voice is actually in the game
it's in the cutscenes yeah really hard
to get that tumors like super hard you
get paid edition you paid me yeah ah ah
that tumor is super hard to get you get
the tumor yeah sure give me the
controller I'll get the dam too much
yeah well yeah yeah I'll get that damn
tumor damn it
night calm yeah I gotta get to too much
okay so the great twitch versus YouTube
experiments yeah has yielded some
interesting results from the first round
yeah so I decided what I decided to do
was release it on twitch a day a day
early like so you know any and an email
went out so anyone who's a twitch
subscriber to us got an email a day
before everyone else right
and obviously like the numbers don't
even compare oh right because you know
we have far more your subscribers than
we do twitch subscribers but it's still
interesting yeah I got the tomb are you
happy I am I am happy about that
I'm happy you made the correct choice
yes that's what's interesting about the
results so we're at about we're at
around three thousand views on Twitter
yeah and you know now it's been up for a
few days but like after the first like
ten hours of it being on YouTube we were
over thirty thousand died walk backwards
can you get up in that top area now or
is it just not going to happen
almost jack that's the way to do it
though oh shit
apparently there's this area though like
get the thing good the thing oh there's
the thing over later right what was that
you missed a thing well I know I was I
was wondering what that thing was that's
the exit that's the
what do you think you tried nope could
just be a visual fluff I don't know it's
hard to say
nope what what was wrong with spider-man
homecoming well I'm not gonna talk about
spoilers just yet while there might be
some minor issues I have with it in
general I really loved it so yeah me too
well yeah we can get in it we'll get
into that later in the stream we'll sit
we'll do one of those you know from now
on you know talk spoilers yeah but
that'll be later that'll be later in the
stream
gobbly gook says looks rich read
question mark go for the eyes boom I was
an adventurer like you then I took an
arrow in the knee
that wasn't came from the moon it's time
to kick ass shoot bubblegum and I'm all
out of gum there's a number of things
they wanted me to read those are those
are fine those are all fine things just
to say and read oh it was an adventure
like a Laura took an arrow to the night
Oh see look you're you're a natural
video game voice actor was it come from
the moon a dead
that's a moon wizard it's one of them
that's one of the na moon wizards
hello secrets
hello secrets
nope rich Evans the Troy Baker of video
games rather than being Kenny Baker a
video games what nice fine
nice gonna live yeah but it's I know I
know
oh there we go did it I did it
okay so yeah the the interesting thing
about the twitch YouTube experiment so
like obviously the numbers are super
less on twitch because we don't have as
big of a fan base and of course you know
this episode came out much later because
we didn't even start playing the game
until well after it was out yeah so you
know like this is just one this is just
kind of one Pete you know like one
sample right
there's gotta be more to this I'll get
up there quicker to get up that top area
be my guess I think so
we know it's too late they're not unique
you all right give me give me give me
yeah yeah I think you're gonna I got a
grab on to the side and do one of those
super dupe jump sync you are absolutely
correct
Oh Jack you almost had it I was at it
the one positive I'm the one positive oh
I will note as I much prefer the twitch
chat oh that should have had it maybe
I'm wrong if there's nothing up there
but that's too suspicious Jack right can
you get up there even earlier you seem
like you're waiting before it comes down
and screen a bit well you know like if
you if you jumped oh good kills you well
oh no you'd smell his spikes yeah now
I'm just messing up
like you need some fall momentum before
you can oh yeah yeah yeah I'm just
waiting now I'm just waiting a little
bit
ah boom Oh what is that
that's cart oh that's one of them of our
video games how do you do this how do
you get oh the clouds oh I messed up
I think there's another secret down
there but get the cart first
and
encases momentum
yeah play it on your home console nice I
think I see tiny spikes down there those
friend up here though
probably rich the ghost friend rich what
video game adaptation of a movie do you
want to play Super Mario Brothers yeah
tell me that wouldn't be trippy what
video game adaptation of a movie do you
want to play Super Mario Brothers you
want to play a game based off of the
movie yes Mario Brothers I love it
with John Leguizamo and Bob Hoskins I
love it
so like 3d action game not like a Mario
game
shit
that'd be great I love it oh my god
richest Mario and Jack is Luigi the
world makes so much sense now physically
cooks it's kind of true Jack stall and
earnest and I'm fat kind of a jerk
Mario is kind of a jerk I mean compared
to Luigi absolutely absolutely
this jerk who gets all the credit back
oh so oh you know what I'm almost done
talking about twitch and stuff
it's witch versus YouTube I like to be
twitch chats a lot more than then I
prefer than the youtube comment system
yeah because the twitch chat is like
they kept on calling it like
asymmetrical or or no a asynchronous
chat okay where what if you type
something in chat while you're watching
a video it shows up at that point in the
video so like 15 minutes in oh that's
when I noticed it is you were talking
about unbalanced multiplayer in that
quote yeah what is that called when it's
like unbalanced multiplayer and in the
chat people are people are saying um
asymmetrical multiply and I was like oh
oh they knew the answer to that oh great
like you know without having to scroll
through the comment the comment showed
up when it needed interesting
interesting and so I really liked the
live chat feel so you leave a comment as
the video plays and it saves that it
saves the timestamp when you leave to
comment and it pops up a timestamp huh
and I really enjoyed that about the
video you know twitch has some shit oh
shit the twitch player has some issues
for me
nope nope nope so how the hell are you
supposed to get that one it's a great
question I don't know I mean I don't
even have a theoretical way to do it I
have to like jump from you have to stay
on this big thing you know and get it
from underneath yeah
that yeah you did it you fill the
possible moment
ha ha ha so in any case the the
experiments yielded some nope you know
there's some interesting results you
know part of which we knew already which
is we have a much larger fan base on
YouTube yep which obviously that's the
case but there's some room here for
experimentation and I think for at least
the time being I'm going to try to time
being I'm going to try to time being I'm
going to try to time being I'm going to
try

[B] do a a similar thing where we release
like a day early
yeah twitch just for all of our twitch
subscribers and people seem to genuinely
enjoy watching it they're taking me to
one on that first one
no no margin for error jack I noticed
that it's not not a very forgiving game
I noticed that and anonymous says has
anyone really been far even as dedicated
to use even go want to do look more like
wow anonymous says rich just wanted to
say fine craftsmanship on the new wheel
that thing that things is beautiful
I give it 18 months before Mike's
sensitive place that might be fun right
right someone has to mod this if it has
your character yo oh fuck when you die I
lobbied for it mildly I knew I knew it
would never work because you died too
often right and so like every time you
die you hear rich go oh fuck oh fuck oh
fuck oh fuck that would get old
incredible and ER stand up
I've done this already look at that
Oh Oh you know what I remember this one
but I did it wrong
Hey
area
but I still do it wrong you sealed it
around you got to get up there
Oh
anonymous says Jack Jack what are your
favorite after effect after effects
plugins and scripts
oh so many that I use constantly plugins
plugins and scripts plugins and scripts
you know mocha import is kind of like
the obvious answer because for a lot of
things I do I use mocha and mocha is a
planar tracker so it can you know like
that's how you stick stuff on to other
stuff and make it look realistic mm-hmm
is you
rich when you did the voice overs they
give you wines or you got some room for
improvisation also we tweaked we were we
were given that leeway yeah there's also
some alternate takes that I don't know
if we're used or not but you need
patience strats now go back out see this
is where you're going wrong we don't
have the patience trance I have no
patience I think actually was that what
you were trying to do no I I was trying
to like trigger them all go back and
jump them all up I want but you just
needed to trigger the last one is what
you needed yeah if you look at the
during that during that little intro
section where rich starts blowing on the
game to fix it yeah that was an improv
yep fairly easy one yeah so yeah here's
now how you can go back a guy first how
do you play the card is that back end oh
yeah I think I can do that now oh yeah
I hire over 300 300 must be blood dead
must be fresh feed be yeah okay we can
play more - man look surprisingly like
the normal game a lot of ways I know
you're okay with that
huh you're okay with that that one
that's not gonna drive you nuts if you
look I only have eight lives and so I'm
I'm going to be okay with it because I
just wanted to kind of see the end of it
sometimes you gotta yeah see this is
what I was worried about
noop noop noop
rich I'm curious as to what your
thoughts are on deism and people who say
well there has to be some sort of
creator I disagree with them but it's a
free country and they can believe
whatever they want look it's it's less
obnoxious then this is my Scripture and
my beliefs and you have to follow my
beliefs it's far less annoying than that
it's not really annoying at all actually
deism I don't care what is the ism you
just wanna but we don't believe in any
specific faith like a Christian I'm a
Muslim just as a god this is this
creative it's very it's extremely vague
all right I believe that's something
that's deism okay okay supposedly a lot
of the founding fathers fall into that
category I have heard sure I have heard
that Thomas Jefferson had his own
version of the Bible with anything
supernatural kind of edited out of it he
does that's yeah that's a real thing
that's a real thing the that is actually
there is a you game there is there is
question on whether you know like a lot
of people take that as
a lot of people take that as the fact
that he was not a Christian though other
things point to the fact that he was a
pretty devout Christian he just oh the
camera yeah but he also subscribed to
the separation of church and state so he
actually created the game so even though
he was a Christian yes that he he
advocated for keeping religion out of
American politics so much so that that's
what led to his creation of the but
because he's also like a believer that
the Bible brought him morality yeah and
so he's like well what if we can do that
without all the hocus pocus yeah just
the stories yeah but he was a devout
Christian a lot of people confuse that
Bible for the fact that he wasn't a
Christian but I still think it's it's
interesting that he did that because he
was such a strong believer in the
separation of church and state which
I've I owe a blow which I think is the
big takeaway but a that's just me
fuck you fuck you
gobbledegook says fuck you that's not
what God look exact you got access I am
considering spending $2,000 on a
Kickstarter project for a Russian game
company to make an in-game creature for
me in their game is this a sound
investment no rich what animal would you
choose and a human I would choose a
human right as far as whether that's how
how reliable do these Russian dev seem
never have they done anything else you
want to make sure you're eventually
gonna get something out of your money
and when you say it's gonna be an
in-game creature like how does that
resemble you then how about you know I
think he's gonna name it after you
that's an important question I think I
didn't try to make it look like you've
been given monster horns they're gonna
they're probably gonna do it as quickly
and cheaply as possible which means
taking a pre-existing monster giving it
a funny hat and naming a gobbledy sore
ah the gobble to soar
classic gobbledy sore
I've balanced I read your previous tip I
said all of the things I read that one
and I got you got another one coming up
but well I'll get I'll get to that one
Joerg abundance is rich just launch the
latest we live the summer how does it
feel to be the Robert Oppenheimer of
internet-based movie review shows did
you have your destroyer of worlds moment
yet well see when the wheel actually
destroys a world until then it's all
theoretical
cheese or tomato sauce for your
breadsticks breadsticks can be just fine
plain but I would I'm probably given the
two choices take cheese don't you get
like cheese sticks and then dunk them in
the tomato sauce no like a marinara no
we're getting cheese sticks I don't need
the murder that's just a distraction
from the things and that are good sure
obviously you need to get hooked on that
nail of course or get hooked on phonics
Reading Is Fundamental you're doing it
jack you're doing it oh look at that bud
be that friend or foe oh they're gonna
make you do it twice they're gonna make
you do it twice what I mean first time
you're gonna brush up against that rock
to disintegrate it and then you're gonna
have to go through to actually get
through to your left
oh I see you know what there's a hook on
that one there is a hook yeah yeah I
missed that
take it easy take it easy nope it's
alright I'm sorry I'm sorry
oh fuck the hell fuck
we can do this gobbledygook says Kappa
gooks I received a recommendation from
Amazon to buy the US Constitution a
graphic novel a graphic novel are you
familiar with this are any of your fans
familiar tell me your thoughts and
reactions to this please I'm funny I you
know what I have in my house is the the
graphic novelization of the book of
Genesis by by our crumb oh yeah well
that's that's got to be sarcastic as
hell then no no it's a very literal like
translation see see a belief or event
insane no horrible man no no he's not a
believer he just felt like doing it he's
he's an insane person
oh yeah and so he fuck you it's just
something he felt like doing and so he
tried to make it as accurate as possible
and it's beautiful it's just it's just
something you slide against the left
side on your way down oh my god you
totally saved you step sometimes rich
are you familiar with the brick
Testament the brick the brick Testament
I am not familiar with somebody somebody
did the kind of like a graphical novel a
graphic novel version of the Bible okay
with Legos that's great uh-huh it's the
most adorable thing
that's it that's it
tell we get for that one of us one of us
gobble gobble gobble
what's that from what's that from No
one of us one of it's from something and
I don't remember what yeah what's that
from one of us one of us gobble gobble
go freaks okay
freaks wait the movie about a freak show
or no is that freak show
now freaks freaks is the movie about the
sideshow freak yeah with the one who
wasn't Keanu Reeves from Bill & Ted's
Excellent Adventure what's his fucking
name yeah yeah the blond one the blond
one that guy that guy Alex winter thank
you Oh way that's freaked that's that's
freaked I don't know which one freaks is
that freaks is the old black and white
about like the actual sideshow freak
yeah okay okay that that sounds right I
think I think on stream Jay and I had
the exact same misunderstanding but
opposite where he was talking about the
Alex winter movie and I was talking
about the black and white wait when did
this happen with what this happened on
stream like
come on fuck you game freak's is the one
from 1932 yeah yes this is one of the
creators of Super Meat Boy yes this is
the Macmillan Edmund who did art
direction for Super Meat Boy and Tommy
were faint refines is the guy who did I
hate these trampolines like you have to
hit the jump button at just the right
time can you hold the jump button now oh
my god you can just hold the jump off
because I don't remember having a lot of
problems with that oh I've had so many
problems with that so yeah Edmund did
our direction and I think he did some
level design too and then Tommy refines
did programming fuck you this is Edmund
and Tyler I'm going to forget his last
name Tyler something
and then Tyler's worked with Edmond
before another step I believe
but watch me not know Kevin TGB says
just wanted to thank you guys for the
great content over the years humor is a
special gift and rlm helped me in eight
the rlm helped me in tough times
thank you thank you question what for
you guys is your greatest joys in this
work rlm or prereq I enjoy filling best
of the worst
that's the month watch some movies with
your friends and makes jokes that's
equally the most fun because I don't
have to edit that yeah I'm sure Jam Mike
Brown we hate it right
Oh
like I loved previously recorded and I
love just you know I have an excuse to
play video games for work Jack you're a
super meatboy fan right
I am super me but how does this game
stack up it's different is what it is
the though the secrets the secrets are
need like the hidden pathways that are
all over the place and that's that's the
thing where it's like the see you cannot
beat and in full fare I'll fuck you in
full fairness this game does not beat
these super tight controls of Super Meat
Boy
Super Meat Boy controls like no other
platformer I have played it's amazing
and the you know the wall slide of Super
Meat Boy is something out of this world
but the exploration just the and and and
the demanding the punishing accuracy of
this game is something very different
Super Meat Boy has a little wiggle room
as far as getting through level this
this is deadly accurate so yeah they're
just slightly different games in the
same genre that looks like the
speedrunning strata
right there right
I've done it before
nonsense
what do you think of the Mandela effect
the phenomenon where it's discovered
that a well-known fact has apparently
changed for a large group of people
eg remembering Berenstein bears as Baron
Stein berenstain bears is Berenstein or
Stein or however I I think the Mandela
effect is people with very organic and
and unreliable brains freaking out and
not wanting to believe it when that
brain has inaccurate information that
you know there is some there is some
debate on whether the Mandela effect is
a real phenomenon Baron Baron lap yeah I
looked into this after we had our
conversation you believe that all people
have memories from an alternate reality
that's the Mandela effect are you
thinking of something else
the Minette the Mandela effect his
people wholeheartedly remembering
something from the past that didn't
exist but the Mandela
what happened differently or happened
differently but there was something what
what did I see on the Mandela fact that
that was like even like the way people
think of the Mandela effect is actually
wrong there was a thing out of night now
yeah yeah and you know what I won't say
anything more on it because I don't
remember because I don't remember her
ironically enough where it's like
there's no effect and it's just like
people who are mistaken like but that's
not what the magic what I said no but
that's not what that's not what the
Mandela effect is though the Mandela
effect isn't people being mistaken no
it's people believing they're not
mistaken because reality has changed
around them this is this is some this is
some nut old talk the Mandela affected I
believe it has its roots and some kind
of new agey website sure well most
people remember Nelson Mandela dying in
prison so therefore that must be what
really happened and the spiritual
alignment caused us to be in a different
dimension or have its memories from a
different dimension
that's the Mandela effect and it's just
people miss remembering shit right
people can't even find their fucking car
keys Berenstain is fairly uncommon name
Berenstein less so it's not a shock a
lot of people think it was the
Berenstein bears the berenstain bears
right you know right after you and I you
and I had a conversation about the
Mandela effect during the filming of our
during the filming of our demolition man
review mm-hmm and right afterwards I
started looking into the Mandela fact
cuz I had never heard of it before then
and I remember coming across something
that's like people are even
misinterpreting what the Mandela effect
is shet I've remembered as Berenstein
bears that's how I remembered it but I
can acknowledge that my brain isn't a
perfect machine that remembers
everything with 100% clarity right
fuck fuck
just like the Thomas festival yeah I was
100% sure that was in samurai cop I was
sure it was positive well to be fair
that was a you know got similar actors
you got similar situations fuck you game
you can do it I can do it I can do it I
can't do it
not amis sense what is your favorite
sketch comedy show of all time
kids an all 90 Python the kids in the
hall might be second cousin oh that's
that's my Samson
cuz in the hall is it alright I mean
there's then there's a ton of great
sketch comedy shows I hate the world
right now Saturday Night Live was good
in the Phil Hartman years Phil Hartman
and Dana Carvey before he was joke
Michael Myers sure sure
Chris Farley Mike Myers Mike Myers
Michael Myers as a whole yeah I know I
know I know
though he's probably called Michael and
it's entirely accurate to call him
Michael Myers that's not what he goes by
yes I mean but if you say Michael Myers
a lot of people laugh wouldn't you love
to see him on Saturday Night Live
Michael Myers you know I think he would
be a kind of dry you know I think there
is there's a lot of good from a lot of
seasons only recently something funny
about rich Evans when was it when the
Canadians were over yeah we spent a
large amount of time just watching
Lonely Island sketches from Saturday
Night Live because you had never seen
them before and obviously for a very
long time those digital shorts are what
made Saturday Night Live worth watching
are you should try and go under it
instead of over it that hasn't worked in
the past now you tried yeah but what has
worked is if I jump and go around to the
left right now and then get here and
then get here oh you did a check Oh can
you make it up over like over over now
that you don't have to worry about
collecting the tumor and there's no
pressure I can't imagine that I can jump
that high but we'll give it a give her a
shot
no I can't do that
Gallagher says last night I saw the
house with Amy Poehler great movie if
you like Parks and Rec and Casino and
painful attempts at SNL coming for the
flick
I saw a trailer for Hugh Jackman as PT
Barnum clown review question mark dollar
sign dollar sign why a clown review meet
a review of clown no a clown reviewing a
movie about a famous circus P yeah yeah
rich rich rich rich

[C] it seemed kind of random the cloud part
the clown part seemed random PT Barnum
is a famous clown advocate what it made
sense make sense to me
you know probably not I have heard bad
things about the house Amy Poehler yeah
Will Ferrell I'm gonna be down with a PT
Barnum from them
oh yeah yeah you know any good biopic as
long as good subject matter
I'm not a masseuse hey y'all I first
time first time long time and that was
curious what's going on in the story and
what part did rich take in the game this
is some kind of post-apocalyptic
wasteland you are the lone survivor ash
and I play that part
I am I am the lead character in the game
and his video game breaks his favorite
video game so he decides he's going to
go out and literally make a friend by
building it out of parts but he has to
go outside to get the parts and outside
is very dangerous I am you'll hear my
voice in the cutscenes which is not that
much of relative to gameplay so right
you heard me at the start of the stream
I I doubt you'll be hearing me again
we'll see how good Jack is how far can
check get I don't know if I've you know
cuz when not when I played the game when
we first got it I didn't the cutscenes
weren't in yet so I don't know yeah I
know things are well based on context
cues I believe the next one would be
when you collect all of the parts right
but I don't know so does Jack still hate
cutscenes of riches in them I jokingly
asked that before him yes if I should
skip the cutscenes hey
in general I still hate cutscenes
obviously you know I can be a little
biased towards these or I will allow
these cutscenes to be played Jack in
this game tour is just rich it's just
rich just rich I did I did some other
work before the game I recorded rich
there was a tomb where you pass by I
don't peep you done your on getting all
the Timbers well yeah because nothing
now we're concerned about the network
all right if that's what you want that's
what I want yeah my only concern is the
next customer no there will be no prereq
on this game absolutely not
oh no we're way too close to it it would
be a pre record to even be questionable
even if rigidity wasn't doing the voice
because we leave talk to Ed because we
should talk to Ed and we've got you know
like we talked to him about his game he
was you know giving us some insights and
so yeah because we've had at the show I
I think it might be hard to objectively
review the game
what game is rich doing voiceover
question mark question mark this one
we're playing it this is the game
this is the game it's called the end is
nigh and rich says the voice for it and
if I can get far enough you might
actually hear that voice again
you heard it wants the beginning of the
stream I mean you always hear like
Rich's voice that's not you damn well
know what I mean
don't get goofy on me no don't get goofy
on me fella no guaranties rich shit no
traffic
you just don't go up on the right side
you stayed up don't go up on the right
side once you're in there you hide in
that alcove and then you jump on top
right
oh yeah no but if you want the tumour
yeah you have to get inside yeah no so
when you get inside right now
stay in there trust me okay
whole system
I thought you were trying to get the
tours anyway yes there I don't
necessarily want the tumors but there's
there
pick pick one nope all right as soon as
you get to the bottom just go left well
soon as you get back to the bottom when
it comes back around to there go left
oh sure sure yeah and then I can either
wait for it to come around again or just
go off the screen and back on then we
set it that almost seems like a cheese
this is your call you know you should
even collect the tumors I'm sorry you
want let's get to the game quick and
that click oh no I'm gonna collect the
tumors now I've changed my mind it's
right there it seems so easy to get
game chair view cases rich it was
awesome to play with you again on f13
toxic player base but still addicting to
play honestly will send space cops leave
with stamped address envelope for
autograph considered Jason X review with
Jack or Jane well that's a consider a
review about it but it's not gonna be at
the top of the line
a review of Jason X no not at the top of
line and that would have to be J yeah
yeah oh yeah yeah 100%
like J is jeiza is the Friday the 13th
guy like the the dick move that game
child UK was referencing this randomly
he ended up in the same lobbyist me
while playing Friday the 13th okay
during that game I had the keys and the
gas and I was heading towards the Carson
home I got the keys and the gas
everybody I'm coming and the guy who was
playing is Tommy with the shotgun
threatened to shoot me really yeah I
guess he wanted to drive well I mean let
me get the gas in then then I can give
you the keys and then I didn't give him
the keys and I got in the car and then
he tried to shoot me what I was in the
car and it didn't work he crawled in the
car anyway with everyone else I couldn't
stop him yeah and that right before the
exit he started screaming about how he
wanted to get out and still blow me out
I just said shut up and I kept driving
good
yeah good what a dick what an absolute
dickhead
yeah
cuz I could tell he was gonna be a dick
now give me the keys yeah no I'm not
yeah we could just shoot you and take
them well hold on oh let me let me get
the gas in all right all right I'm gonna
help I'm in the car
then I heard the shot gun go off when I
was getting in the car yeah yeah we
tried he tried
what a dick some dicks
found you two more
Caucasian Gary says rich I remember you
mentioning your fondness of the original
1989 MechWarrior I'm interested in
playing it myself and I saw there was an
SNES version are you familiar if so how
do they compare I think I've played this
this one I think and it's not the same
thing hardly at all I mean in a general
sense it's the same thing where you
pilot big robots and shoot things but
it's it's a completely different game
and I'm not sure how well the average
person would think MechWarrior aged I'm
still quite fond of it sure but I'm very
fond of the nonlinear way they handled
the story where it was like 100% an
option like you know you can go you can
hang out at the bar and try and track
down the leads which will give you a
clue on the next star system or you just
ignore all that shit and here's so I'm
gonna hire from my mercenary business
and we're gonna just I'm gonna be a
mercenary pirate
Plus MechWarrior one very easy to cheese
oh yeah but I played it a fair amount
take the smaller more maneuverable Mex
and then just run around quicker than
the AI and their big mechs and you shoot
their legs off
so give your teammates the big guns but
you just run around and take out take
out legs
because I'd I could be remembering it
wrong but I I don't remember that even
we did follow the story I'm MechWarrior
I don't remember it leading you by the
nose you're gonna a hint on what is the
star system that sounds like this is
where you gotta go next ensure it wasn't
like here's the arrow
dude that's where you go here's the
arrow dude dude the missionary group you
all looking for has been hanging out in
this area
just take a lot of missions in that area
maybe over I remember it being like that
okay this water is polluted
rich what happens if someone sits on the
wheel well the pentacon where they're
sitting it probably still spins just
fine
that wheels pretty Dern sturdy the lazy
susan that I got for it rated up til
something like a thousand pounds so I
could sit on it yeah well I wanted
something wide you know I didn't want to
balance the whole wheel on this little
tiny lazy susans and the only one they
had that was any kind of decent size at
all it's like rated for a thousand
pounds sure not done yeah
which over engineers everything it's
better than uh over engineering
something is better than under
engineering it sometimes
anonymous since were you one of the many
channels to receive a free copy of house
party in the hopes that you would stream
it it's an adult 3d game that's on Steam
and I couldn't believe so many people
played it I've never even heard of it
let alone been offered a copy and we get
offered games every once in a while we
were not offered a copy of house party I
can tell you that everyone - I'll get an
email from like a publicist or something
yeah cuz then hey your honor you're on
our list of streamers who have like
decent audiences and whatnot if you want
to copy this game let me know and you
know tell me if you're gonna stream it
yeah but we have not I've never I've
also never heard of house party so
yonder yonder sir speaking of
misremembering I remember it's pleading
to Jack log giving two bucks extra so
you can play Duke Rimouski but Jack
seems to not remember it so who knows
what actually happened no I bought it I
bought it you motherfucker
I bought it but it's a point-and-click
adventure game okay and it's not it's I
put it on the list of games to play if
we ever get bored we're playing this
because where this is the game that
riches in I know it just came out today
and it's the game that riches in so
final riches in people don't give a shit
I know and you know that's my problem
which I know they don't yeah I'm still
here yelling out
but
Galaga says
hey Jack I'm Jack I remember you talking
about Milwaukee rapper juice box
juice box on stream the other day that's
true
imagine my surprise when they played him
on my local indie radio station batter
Meinhof or coincidence uh he has a new
album coming out and so he's doing a big
push right now and he just got signed to
a big record label so yeah and I was
filming him as part of his tour to
promote the new album so like kind of
coincidence you know kind of you know
that's just the way the way it is but
did you hear freaking out too I assume
that's his new song is freaking out yeah
for what's the name of his album is uh
all-american loser he is he is a
self-deprecating motherfucker I entered
in flashing that was a good idea I later
build I built he didn't flash
a lot of assets I've been binge-watching
a series called game fiction and there's
an episode about a developer suing a
modder from making their character naked
what are your thoughts on this legal
gray area that sounds insane that you
should sue somebody for making a mod can
you what's the what's the legal argument
what are they claiming right what is
this violating can you sue someone for
making a mod I don't know interesting I
mean I guess like just just on my
limited knowledge of copyright you could
be you could be there could be a what do
you call it when you devalue like
there's a devaluation claim like you
know what if he presents this as
something for my game it takes away the
perceived value of my property I guess
that's bullshit I did I mean I don't get
it but you know I also don't know much
about copyrights so you got it like in a
way that didn't matter at all because
you were dead I got it I got it for real
I don't they need to go like that
nope I'm noticing that just go Goff
screen and save the tumor
there's controversy when oblivion came
off because nude mods made the ESRB give
it a higher rating that's kind of
bullshit
interesting sure that's kind of bullshit
but it's like that's interesting is what
it is is because like Vee SRB says you
know this game is able to have a mature
rating that's that's every game you're
gonna have a Mario nude bot if you
really wanted to do it
jet make it happen
fat plumber running around with his cock
swinging around yes I love it if Mario
like an unusually large dong and dong
physics let's chat we need donkeys we
need you to give Mario an X M rating by
the ers B we need dong physics whichever
one of you can make dong physics on
Mario happen jumping on the goombas and
just gonna boom it would be funny if it
was well yeah yeah like just slightly
behind Juarez oh and you know what for
super mario world when he when he starts
his little cape run you could have it
like waggling behind him like a tail
yeah like it's caught between his legs
cuz it's so huge I love it yeah when you
get the P speed and it's flopping around
behind you yeah yeah I love it
someone make it happen please when when
you when you rescue peach the end yeah I
see that out of the corner of my eye and
I love it
NSF wiki this is rich mama first
XCOM to play through and just got psyops
really late in the game and they're so
good I want I want to try a Hard
difficulty next time how early do you
usually try to get them I don't rush
sigh yeah yeah it's been a while since
I've played I know I'm I know I'm
usually not in a hurry and I think
typically I get them fairly late I I do
well enough with just the other classes
and then by the time you need them but
this time you need a PSYOP it's it's
already late game
and I don't know that you ever need them
but they're there they're great utility
characters we're good for causing large
enemies for a turn or so yeah sure I'm
gonna we're gonna put that drop link
what they're called those big bro but
the 80209 guys stay yeah oh yeah those
guys are great why is my brain drawing a
blank
unlike one of the most classic XCOM
enemies because you've been playing too
much fun
possibly oh my god
I'm so gonna get Alzheimer's good up
sector five Thank You chat yeah it's
good to have something I can put a
sector pod in stasis in an emergency
situation
ed-209 you can't tell me that at least
the older less so and XCOM too but like
the classic sector pod doesn't look like
edy 209 maybe you don't know what edy
209 is that's the the chicken walking
robot thing from Robocop let's shoot the
board member in the beginning of the
movie I'm gonna I'm gonna go out on a
limb and say if they're part of our chat
they probably know it at Jul 9 is no
can't make assumptions Jack I can and I
will goddamn it
that you just made an assumption about
me making assumptions right I did hope
got to a new place rich is not far off
from only making right turns forever
that's know what hop skip and a jump hop
skip and a jump is that something people
with Alzheimer's do
only make returns it's something from
the last best of the worst or the newest
best of the worst I should say the real
the worst yep which is an episode of
best of the worst yes it is it's best
the worst wheel the worst you are
correct it's not like they're two
different shows they kind of are two
different channels I know how please how
different for you we watch different
movies this is it isn't it is it a
different show when we do horror movies
as opposed to action movies wheel the
wheel is a sub set of best of the world
it's a gimmick show it's a gimmick
episode with in another show yeah it is
its own show I don't know how the hell
you do this
that oh that is a I thought that was all
poison on the left okay I think I got it
let's see what cart I found
I found river city ransom this
oh it seems to be very similar yeah yeah
I get it
these music
this is punishing game child you cases
rich
you're a good Samaritan leaving Keys
knife and spray before you escaped on
the boat I usually take a four-seater
drive and not stop for anyone haha game
is pure Darwinism when it comes to
survival I get you know here's you know
my counter argument to that is let's say
let's you know like what you're saying
is Darwinism like survival of the
fittest yeah but what you're not taking
into account is replayability what rich
is doing is sowing the seeds of giving
right so let's say there's a new player
okay and that new player comes down the
road and Jason is right on their ass and
they run across a baseball bat right
near the exit that Rick dropped earlier
they're gonna grab it they're gonna
whack Jason with that they're gonna
escape and then they'll they're gonna
think next time I play I'm gonna drop
shit right by the exit - and it goes on
and on until you are benefited by
someone else's charity think about that
dump a bad shit huh that's fine that's
fine
I get it I get it this game looks more
difficult than meatboy it yeah it is it
is by the way it is it is punishing a
beleaguered says from seeing rich play
old Wolfenstein I decided to replay
baldur's gate from Bioware got the
enhanced edition on Steam to compare to
GOG much better should bethesda give
doom slash wolf similar treatment no
doom and Wolfenstein moreso doom has so
much going on with like source ports
that it's it's completely unnecessary
gzb gzdoom or doomsday or any of the
doom source ports I have already updated
doom and kick up the the resolution and
all all this shit they've added with
mods and whatnot completely redundant
I guess Wolfenstein has like a source
port that's that's decent but really
most most Wolfenstein modding has been
just porting it over to the doom engine
but something I'm gonna play when it's
done on streaming this kind of amazing
looking fan made Wolfenstein series of
levels yeah
and well it looks like there's more to
come yet they're not done so I don't
want to get into it but it looks
fantastic
cool Wolfenstein blade of agony first of
all great name it looks like they've
gone all out with like NPCs
what
rich what is your opinion on Danny
Elfman's score for spider-man the most
unmemorable thing I've ever heard my
entire fucking life
he took his he took his Batman theme and
he stripped it of any kind of character
and then he called it a wholly new and
original work that did not fit
spider-man as a character at all it's
it's god-awful it it's bland asst I
would like to disagree with you
what is memorable about the Sam Raimi
spider-man theme music so so I was like
I would like to disagree okay but I
honestly can't remember that spider-man
thing yeah sorry like I had a whole
large egg bit I had a whole thing going
thing going thing going thing going

[D] I'm now consciously trying to remember
the spider-man theme there's nothing
memorable about it it sounds just like
the Batman score it doesn't especially
fit spider-man well I don't remember it
like it's it's the Batman score without
the memorable parts I would like I would
like to disagree with you but I am
unable to
now I'm not only in the intro there you
should hear me a few times throughout
the game when it was before right
totally cut saying this with babe no
five five five I want to say I want to
say five but I could be wrong
I think there are five cutscenes that
you are in but I also could be
incredibly wrong we should play a game
before the stream is over on on YouTube
called is this from Danny Elfman's
spider-man or Danny Elfman's Batman
movies okay I think I can win that game
I think I'd like to believe in my
ability to win that game we're gonna
play that game before the stream is over
you pick it and I have to guess if it's
from spider-man or Batman son of a bitch
I can do that I feel like I can do that
I like I would like to think that as
soon as I hear that spider-man theme I
will recognize it immediately I'm not
talking about just main things like
obviously Danny Elfman's main theme for
Batman is extremely memorable of course
I'm just talking about general stuff's
going on music does that score in
general right right
thus the spider-man main theme sounds
like generic shit from the Batman films
I I don't write okay I remember it being
good I just can't remember it
I remember really digging this vitamin Q
I remember really digging the spider-man
theme
I know there's it's it is now I know
that it is now both incredibly
fashionable - I'll come on - to hate on
the tobe spider-man's because that we
have a good spider-man you can say it's
fashionable
I've always been oh oh I know you always
happen but I also know it's it is
incredibly fashionable to hate on
homecoming in favor of the Tobey Maguire
spider-man and I like listen I will
defend the Tobey Maguire spider-man but
I still think homecoming is overall
better okay just as a general point of
reference for where I am
whoo that was challenging ghosts do they
kill me probably
do they kill me or can I jump on
they kill me okay great yeah
totally kill me so how do I get across
oak there's clouds I see the clouds
clouds you can jump on these clouds
oh they see oh oh oh we're learning
things
Oh I said you got to I think I think you
should save your tumor first yeah I
always save your tumor
I see it that's tricky
which loves aliens and horner reuse much
of his own music for that score alright
it's less it's less than it's reuse does
I don't think it's reused it just
stylistically it's it's not it's it's
the same style as the bathroom music and
they're very different characters to be
fair Elfman has a particular sound like
one of the Simpsons theme you tell me
this man doesn't have the capability to
have variety oh no he has he has the
capability you tell me he's not
versatile wangle Boingo The Simpsons
Batman that I said he has a style okay
which is true like you can tell when
it's an elf rim score boom did you see
that that was amazing
I'm the best at everything ever except
for this guy's fucking shit
you've never Jesus Christ rich you've
never been my rock all caps somebody is
Eileen somebody highly agitated somebody
is an Elfman or someone has a spider-man
theme fan that I have dared to say that
Elfman's work on spider-man was just
kind of fucking lazy slapped together
and not memorable I'm gonna disagree
with you even though technically
speaking I can not currently remember
the spider-man
distr says have you guys ever played
battle kid for the NES the homebrew made
in 2010 that plays similar to this game
also I want to brag a bit because I know
the dev for it and my name is in the
credits what battle kid for the NES I've
heard of that I've never seen it well
it's a homebrew game so it's made to run
on the nest but it's not an old-school
actual game from back in the day ok I
want to say I've heard that I've heard
that I have also heard the name but it
don't know anything fuck you game
rich what is your opinion on the 90s
animated spider-man show I remember not
being super fond of it I didn't watch
much of it though
so you know that was and you know I'm a
bit younger than rich so that was my
first you know big spider-man thing I
say like that was say that was during
the Clone Saga and I just totally
stepped away from spider-man for a while
during that oh yeah in the comics yeah
that was the Clone Saga yeah yeah that
was my first that was like one of my
first forays into so you still have not
watched spectacular spider-man listen
there's a lot of things to watch rich
there's just a lot of things to watch a
huge spider-man fan yeah huge spider-man
fan you don't mind cartoons no I'm
always looking for stuff to watch my
kids and it's the absolute best
spider-man cartoon of all the time and
you won't watch it it's not that I won't
want watch it rich I generally speaking
when it's TV time yeah before me I will
try to watch something you know that's
on my list of things to watch and spider
is spectacular spider-man is on my list
of things to watch but it is certainly
not high up there because there's so
many fucking things gets it so right so
amazingly right I
I'm sure it does I would much rather
spend that time watching you know what
like you know what I watched the other
day or that I finally got around to not
is doomed the untold story of Roger
Corman's Fantastic Four which is on my
list of things to watch forever right
yeah and basically what you're doing is
you're building up this spectacular
spider-man is like the best thing and
I'm gonna watching that yeah so maybe
I'll get to it maybe I won't all right
how about that it's your business Jack
your business and you know I like the
nineties ones I like the ultimate
spider-man I thought that was a good
show I might have seen the spectacular
spider-man but it's just not a
it's not a it got bad ultimate
spider-man got bad thanks a while they
got really cheap with the animation they
got really cheap with the animation
oh fuck you Oh God
darn it the game is making me go through
a lot to get it to get a car to rich
chap that's a good one yeah
Doctor Doom a dub says rich right Jackie
10 page essay about spectacular
spider-man yeah that would convince me
thank you check I'm not denying that it
would be a fine spider-man I'm just you
know free time is a luxury you can watch
this with your damn kids you can watch
this with your kids yeah but like you
know they usually like want to watch
other shit and they watch all timid
spider-man yeah back in the back when it
was on sure alright alright as fine
Oh game fuck you game so I watched
doomed yeah the untold story of Roger
Corman's Fantastic Four not the greatest
documentary in the world yeah like like
what do they do or not do they interview
of all of the main casts and the
director and the editor and Roger Corman
and they kind of lay out what happened
and and it's it's interesting there are
some there are some really good bits to
it like you know they talk about the the
early process like the actors and and
all of their theories on why this this
happened you know the why the movie
happened and why they spent so much
money to make the movie one really they
just needed to be in production to hold
on to the right yes right and the the
interesting theory about that is it was
a it was a hustle yeah it wasn't just a
hustle to hold on to the rights it was a
hustle that like he hustled them to he
threatened them he being who
specifically the the guy who had the
rights was the he was part of a
production company called so-called
German holding company or she was yeah
yeah that one and it's learning to make
it clean we're talking about like Roger
Corman no oh no not Roger Corman thought
he was making a movie yeah everyone
making the movie thought they were
making a movie and it more importantly
this was the largest budgeted Roger
Corman movie to date really at at over a
million dollars this was the this was
the biggest production that had come out
of Roger Corman studio so the director
the editor the costume people all of the
actors were like this could be my big
break yeah and so everyone put their
heart and fucking soul into this super
cheesy movie because at the time
you had was for Marvel movies was the
Captain America movie and the Punisher
movie with Dolph Lundgren and the
biggest Marvel property at the time was
the Incredible Hulk TV show yeah so by
those standards what they were making
was really good yeah but this was post
1989 Batman by that step right right but
this is marvel that like it was
different in their hand and you know
remember the movies that they were
making work harness or yeah
so by karna source standards oh sure
sure again so like you had all these
people who were also like really big
comic book fans and so they're pouring
their heart and soul into it so they
really made it but here was the scam the
scam was Marvel was trying to get the
movie rights back because Chris Columbus
was a huge the director Chris Columbus
yeah was a huge Fantastic Four fan and
wanted to bring it over to Fox and the
producer the guy who owned this holding
company knew that releasing Corbin's
Fantastic Four would devalue the
franchise yeah and so the reason why he
made the whole movie instead of just
throwing a couple thousand dollars to be
in production was to blackmail them to
say you can buy the rights for a lot
more than it's worth
and I won't ever release this movie
which is this yummiest thing in the
world where eina and that's what they
did yeah so then they bought the rights
that which so they owned the movie so
they bought the movie in all right and
it was a total scumbag move here's the
other the the only interesting part but
that's all theory right they don't do
anything to connect that Edmund has
tweeted us have you Edmund heavy are you
talking about this I'll play for a bit
okay yeah so we got some game going on
Edmund probably tweeted me because I
kept saying fuck you game oh no I fucked
up bad oh yeh did oh you're not used to
that all they're know if you fall there
you go all the way back down that's what
happened to me last Oh No
yep which one is the is the stick to
walls
I've been tweeted at us maybe just about
us I don't know someone saying we got a
tweet I don't know how to tweets work do
you get tweets I don't I don't see any
admin tweets at us is it tweet something
you do to someone else you I mean both
are they just kind of for everyone I
don't see any tweet from Edmund Ashe
hello he tweeted about us streaming oh
okay great so yeah anyone who hears me
to say fuck you game know that that's
just part of difficult platformers okay
so Roger Corman yeah the Fantastic Four
here is the really fascinating bit so
everyone working on the movie who you
know a lot of these people were part of
Roger Corman's stable of like sheep Oh
director editor actors right yeah
they all saw this as their
stepping-stone hey we if we can make
this movie work a movie that's gonna be
shown in theaters right how do we do
this well fucking opera that's the
question
this would this would do amazing things
for our career and so the only reason oh
no oh oh we got saved yeah for that one
you can't do a Ledge jump you need to
jump up
easy every time got it easy every time
Jack great it oh I can't die them how
long no you can die tonight Frank at the
cart the cart you can die at the car I
can die after that just not tumors I'm
up then Roger Corman dude give everyone
their 7 but so here's the interesting
part the only reason why you and I know
about the Fantastic Four is because the
actor who played mr. fantastic and the
actor who played Ben Grimm used their
own money for the publicity tour because
they were so convinced that this was
going to catapult their career yeah yeah
they sunk their own money into Comic Con
appearances and radio spots and
traveling the country and doing all of
this press to get people hyped about the
movie which works it worked so well that
it made the scam of of this producer
extra viable like look people are
excited to see this Roger Corman movie
you better pay me or else people are
gonna see it
right it's shameful but so the actors
sunk their own money into this publicity
campaign and and that just makes it
extra sad overall the documentary wasn't
the greatest in the world but it's worth
it's worth 20 minutes of talking about
it for this I mean yeah basically paid
for itself
wowthat's yeah it does it does and you
know like the actors talk about it
they're like listen you know it you know
as far as we knew that was the right
call to make and you know obviously we
know we know better now but you know I
still would have done it like I because
that's what I that's what I thought you
know we thought we thought we were gonna
that was our big break as actors and
luckily they've all like been working
since then you know that wasn't their
only gig
I remember seeing the trailer and BHS
say oh yeah yeah oh yeah goes let's kill
you
I thought the guys snuck in and stole
the print they tried to steal the print
so so like the only reason we all know
about it is because of the the actors
going on a publicity tool tour the only
reason we saw it is because the director
he tried to go in to steal the actual
film print but he could not get the
actual film print he had a like a not
mastered work copy interesting that he
got duplicated and he thinks he says
he's not the person that that passes it
passed it around he thinks one of the
duplicators duplicated an extra copy for
themselves and that's how the print that
everyone has seen now got out but the
print that everyone has seen is not the
high quality master film print right so
we've speculated on whether or not the
effects are even done Oh actually that
you know what maybe you know what maybe
the documentary is a little better than
then I'm letting on because they
actually go into why the effects are so
crappy they they initially hired a guy
who said what movie did you say it
worked on Independence Day or something
oh yeah and and as it turns out he was
like an artist for that movie but not
necessarily an animator
and so he promised a whole bunch of
effects that he could not deliver on and
all of the effects that we see were done
in a very short amount of time basically
as a favor just to get them something to
work with until they could get better
effects but then of course there was no
right way when just tuning in because of
the Edmond tweet we're talking about the
unreleased 1990s Fantastic Four movie
that's true words are lovely Roger
Corman Fantastic Four movie and the
subsequent documentary doomed
the untold story of Roger Corman's
Fantastic Four which if you can get
yourself a bootleg of the Fantastic Four
movie
oh Jesus Rachel if you can get yourself
a copy of Roger Corman's Fantastic Four
I'm kind of convincing myself that the
documentary is worth a watch because
it's it's pretty fantastic
but yeah I mean I guess it's like it's
not super fantastic just because it like
it's mostly just interviews like it's
mostly just talking head interviews but
oh you can watch a whole movie on
YouTube Jack equals hypocrite
sometimes my opinion is is wavering
because it's given me so much to talk
about so I'm now rethinking my initial
like a documentary that's a good but
it's still kind of not so good but it's
kind of interesting yeah whatever shut
up
great did Jack just advocate pirating a
movie
no no I did not run everyone knew you
were a fucking hypocrite I did not
advocate pirating amazing fucking
fucking hypocrite this parts gonna kill
me for a thousand years I advocate I
advocate watching I advocate watching a
movie that needs to be recognized
because the filmmakers were screwed out
of out of out of people seeing their
work so I'm advocating liberating this
piece of art rich that's very different
you're advocating stealing very
different liberating that what's the
difference in context here that folks
the whole world is gray yep black and
white is alive that's true
Fox does own the rights to Corman's
Fantastic Four and my guess is we will
never ever see it why at this point why
what are they what are they making off
of that franchise that that that flopped
recently yeah what they're not doing
anything else with it they're probably
not gonna do anything else but for a
while you can make a little bit of money
releasing some kind of blu-ray of that
just for the novelty I can only a man
like the movie that never should have
been right I should totally release that
now my guess is for them to take the
work print remaster it in some sort of
viewable fashion would just would cost
enough money where they wouldn't think
they'd get their money back right if you
were to say bundle it with something
like doomed like a giant documentary
maybe even beefed up the documentary a
little bit more that could be a oh wait
I think I've got
I've got nothing it's like at this point
cinematically yeah it's impossible to
devalue the fantastic nope I thought
that might go to the screen under wow
it's impossible to devalue the Fantastic
Four
any more than it's already been right
because the fan force thing is a fan for
snack yeah Fanta for stick yeah Fanta
for stick just killed it just killed the
entire franchise for a long time oh and
then with Marvel dropping the books or D
D prioritizing I believe is there their
attorney I don't blame them right
they're not making any money from it
look these movies are the only thing
keeping the comic books afloat yep and
if they're not able to make Fantastic
Four movie it's not in their best
interest to keep the boat going no the
comic books the comic books right now
are workshops for their movies they get
to they get to spend a couple years
refining a character are you figuring
out what story arcs work and then you
take that crunch it down into a script
and you got yourself a nice movie it's
it makes perfect sense how do we get
this tumor my guess is you need to
bounce on the bird you have to jump on
the bird horse how do we get the bird in
the right position oh you probably if I
have to start from down there wait till
the birds over there jump on the bird's
head and then jump back on the bird's
head so like from down there when the
bird flies over there you jump on his
head over there there's probably
multiple bird jump heads happening or
you can say fuck it thank ref fuckin no
one would think any less of you stand
alone Silver Surfer movie dr. doom would
be nice silver surfers way too weird
yeah way too weird
you it's it's possible you could do like
a if you were to roll the Fantastic Four
into the Marvel Cinematic Universe you
could probably do something very Captain
America s where they were heroes back in
the day and I and they travel through a
time vortex why would you do that
because like there's their whole shtick
is like they're lonely olds well but not
just that like kind of old-school
sixties Family Values you know like you
know very patriarchal and whatnot so I
think their shtick is a little out of
place in modern time are they I think
reading is like borderline neglectful
because he's always know that's like a
thing that's character trait I know but
that's also kind of old-school father
that's why I laugh you you make the
movie about the fact that it's kind of a
dysfunctional family sure sure
oh oh look at that
they're so they're so sixties there so
there's there they're fucking Leave It
to Beaver and everything about trying to
to modernize them as a problem what
you're not even thinking about trying
them you're not even thinking about
trying them you're not even thinking
about trying them you're not even
thinking about

[E] 
