Little Nightmares (part 1)
November 26, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HGNAGIzvM7c

there are no problems in theory but you
know we always think there's not going
to be a problem
choices and there always is I wouldn't
want to mess up the bingo card soon soon
enough we won't they won't get the
technical problems bingo card they'll
just they'll get the they talk about
technical problems because it's a thing
of the past rich it's a thing of the
thing in the past we're live hey welcome
welcome everybody how y'all doing so
what is this game this game is little
nightmares which I remember either
during one of the e3 or one of those
times and it has an amazing trailer to
it full of creepy imagery and weirdo
things but it looks very similar to
inside or limbo or you know where it's
like a quasi puzzle solver but it's more
just about creepy atmosphere yeah so
that's the impression I got yeah which
I'm okay with it looks it looks NEETs in
a shirt again I wanted to play and more
importantly rich it's on sale how much
wasn't it was 10 bucks senpai doesn't
audibles news no it hasn't been out it's
it's been out long enough long enough
maybe a year it's been out long enough
where we might not have wanted to play
it already but holy shit yeah hi nothing
but trouble
hey Ozzie long-awaited yeah nothing but
trouble review finally came out it's
been sitting on the back burner
simmering just just wait since we talked
about it way back when it's been it's
been a gaining flavor it's been of
course not
of course I understand there are other
priorities absolutely
a true-blue review we played ruiner we
didn't like it on stream when you played
it I didn't play it look super amazing I
did not like it
so for those of you keeping track we
shot that review review thank you the
nothing but trouble review the exact
same day that we did our demolition man
review did we do the same thing we did
it back to back rich which in shirts we
changed shirts and we swap sides we did
demolition man first you know I hate to
talk about and then we change search
shirts and swap sides so but I think
that's how you got to do reviews I think
that was the smart call because then we
just had to down and they could work on
him whenever they wanted to we got two
guys editing everything we do pretty
much right and you know it's not a super
high priority no no and really the whole
purpose of that I mean both of the
reviews or reviews in general is just
like to fill in the gaps when there's
you know nothing you know knew half the
bag know knew best to the word I say I
will put a review out and so we just had
that one lying around waiting it's a
really no part in the movie that made me
chuckle or laugh and nothing but trouble
not really laughs I mean fascinated I
think it's interesting I think it's
weird it's not funny its interest yes
yes it's not the same no saying it's not
funny it's not the same thing as saying
I hate it right I hated it I wouldn't
even want to talk about it
but I do find it interesting a peak in
the dead average mind yes I do hate
Chevy Chase in it he's awful he is a
comedy vacuum which is really bizarre
it's because he tries to riff what was
the what's the Johnny Carson quote quote
about Chevy Chase I don't know this
Johnny Carson famously said Chevy Chase
couldn't improvise a fart in a bean
eating contest or something of that name
I like he Johnny Carson really hated
Chevy Chase a lot of people really
huh and and this is a lot of Chevy Chase
trying to trying to ad-lib and and it's
terrible Chevy Chase was unfortunately
so burden yeah he's terrible no matter
what is he like he's really good in
certain situations but not in nothing
but trouble man and he tries to get
little one-liners in there he tries to
get little quips and oh that every
single one of them falls flat on their
goddamn face
yeah it's great so ok so let's play a
little nightmares and talk about stuff
we won't talk about Justice League yet
in case anyone hasn't seen it yet later
I literally I don't I don't think I have
anything to say about it there's not
enough there's not enough to talk about
it's a very empty movie it's a very very
empty movie but oh yeah just in case
someone wanted to skip past it we won't
do it he couldn't add leap Oh the quote
is he couldn't ad-lib a fart at a baked
bean dinner
thank you Sunday
there won't be anything that special
about our Justice League chat because
it's a very boring movie but what I you
know what I can talk about rich I can
talk about the fact that at Universal
Studios Hollywood there is a water world
stunt show that's exactly the face that
I made when I found out a water world
stunt show I think is this recent are
they trying to appeal to hipsters no it
has it was built right when the movie
came out in 1995 yeah and it has been
running since then these live-action
stunt show has been more popular than
the movie I can imagine
yes and you know what it's really good
it's a really good live-action stunt
show
they have like toasters for Waterworld
posters like well how do the analogy
Waterworld in this stunt Cheryl how do
they acknowledge what show a Waterworld
stunt show entail and what do they do
for like all of the people around these
days who have no idea what Waterworld
even is because it came out 22 years ago
oh I got trapped in a bucket
great question okay no so by stunt show
I mean there is a giant stage in front
of a huge pool of water that is built to
look like one of the outposts of
Waterworld you know all the rusty
contraptions the big gate and it's in a
big pool of water like people ride
around in jet skis and stuff okay it
takes place chronologically after the
events of Waterworld the movies do a lot
of explaining I'm what oh yeah no
there's like a big like John LaFontaine
voice-over beforehand going the Mariner
is returning to the land of Waterworld
who is the baron
like Helen and if you don't remember
Helen is the name of the girl in
Waterworld no I don't remember no no one
knows
Helen returns
the the bad guys back what a dennis
hopper's character dennis hopper's
character he's back the mariner comes
back there's fighting a guy gets set on
fire rich a guy gets set on fire it's
called the hydro punk okay here's the
thing
I'm insured that's got to be a joke it's
great it's great
it's it's an amazing stunt show so
what's what's going on I don't know I'm
just walking around we're talking about
water the Waterworld stunt show rich
nothing else okay I can crouch I can
jump and I can light a match or a
lighter
nothing else matters because there is a
currently running Waterworld stunt show
and I was so excited to watch it I
actually saw it twice I thought I forced
my family to go to the water so you
didn't go alone no I forced my family to
go to the stunt show with me twice
what's wrong with you because it was
great can I know but the kids loved it
the kids loved the Waterworld stunt show
you know people punching each other
there's like zip lines there there were
there were explosions there's fireworks
there's people riding on boats it's a
it's a great old time man it's I can
only assume Disney still doing the
Indiana Jones stunt Cheryl Ladd I can
understand still paying an operation of
course that makes perfect sense water
stuck show that's that's something else
entirely right yeah so I can't have a
face is there gonna be some kind of
creepy reveal yeah it's like a doll face
thing
there's gonna be something weird about
this kid yeah probably you know what
probably but you know you know that
here's the weirdest part
yeah at the Waterworld stunt show no
merch anywhere well of course not why
not they have if they have a if they
have a giant chunk of their theme park
in which they have no space to expand
dedicated to Waterworld you're telling
me they can't have a t-shirt you they
can't make it a little like I cuz I
would have bought a t-shirt well I think
the question is why do they still have a
Waterworld show because it's incredibly
popular it rich it was filled to
capacity at both showings I'm telling
you and this is not this is not a small
theater this was a giant audience
section like hundreds of people were
there for the Waterworld stunt show huh
yes uh-huh and it was packed both times
and the audience loved it both times it
was amazing but why not why not have any
merch why not put out a Waterworld uh
people liked the show they don't care
about the movie
yeah movie my guess well obviously they
may have had merch at one time it
probably just didn't sell I need it I
need it anyone know where I can get it
you let me know I need some Waterworld
merch I'm putting it on my Christmas
list oh that's creepy
you have to hold down the button I have
a creepy little doll now this game all
style and no substance I don't know I
haven't done any puzzles yet we're about
to find out this looks to be our first
puzzle so I have this creepy little doll
that I'm sure I'm supposed to do
something with put it more directly in
the light I can go in this bucket no but
like they've they've updated some of
their rides over at Universal they've
gotten rid of stuff that wasn't popular
more they got rid of the Terminator
experience but they can't do you
understand why the Waterworld Sun show
is so important to me now rich like like
they have they have of the mummy ride
based off of the Brendan Fraser mummy
oh okay not the new not the new mummy
but you know what the mummy is like okay
that that doesn't even need to be tied
to a movie that's just like The Mummy
right right right
they still have the jurassic park ride
and you go okay well Jurassic Park
Jurassic Park that's an all-time class
of course it's the psycho house
something that's still there that's
still on the tour yeah yeah that's a
timeless classic of course jaws timeless
classic of course of course I'm the
studio to Waterworld well I see here's
the thing rich the psycho house the jaws
thing that's part of the same ride the
studio tour right right that's part of
one isolated thing you know two small
parts of one big thing the Waterworld
stunt show has its own wing of the park
yeah dedicated to like the lines that
form to get in it it's amazing it is
utterly cost extra to get in to see it
or something no it's not it is not it's
part of it's part of the package
Shah's was even torn out of the Orlando
location wait so the Universal Studios
theme park no longer has jaws well one
of them apparently they're multiple
Universal Studios Hollywood in Orlando
really yeah I didn't know there were two
there's there is another word to
Disney's yeah Disney World on Disney
Land what happens if you just climb in
that hole on the wall well yeah that's
probably I'm supposed to do I'm just
seeing if there's anything extra I can
do I know what I'm supposed to do rich
but I just want to see what I can fuck
around with three Disney's Euro Disney
doesn't count but didn't they close Euro
Disney is it slow is that still opening
I thought it was a horrible flop Euro
Disney World
yeah
yeah I got toilet paper oh look at that
rich there's creepy imagery yeah you see
yeah hang with that man humming to
himself see if I can grab on to him I'll
see if I can grab on to him nope nope I
cants okay I get it trying to pull the
chair over just waiting for a puzzle or
something happen well it's still - this
is still like teaching you controls okay
I'm okay with it so far like I got to
pull this chair over oh come on come on
get up there
no we're not turning on that is we've
probably turned it off for the break for
the break
you know stuff I might have ran out of
battery so it wasn't plugged in er no
hang out well there you go
I love theme park trivia anytime it's
I'm telling you people I'm telling it
first of all go see the Waterworld stunt
show it is amazing it's live action you
know there's people that do like the
punches a guy gets set on fire I won't
spoil anything for you but yeah there's
some there's some showstoppers there's
some absolute showstoppers
it's worth it I mean it's not it's
probably a price of admission but if
you're there already go see the
Waterworld stunt show I'm telling you
Chad I've I've never seen dr. Detroit
dr. Detroit and I seen my stepmother is
an alien but I was younger and actually
kind of liked it what is that one that's
the Kim Basinger Kim Basinger was basic
arose at Daryl Hannah Oh Daryl Hannah
splash you might be confusing she met on
both um ooh
you know what and now it's fuzzy for me
yeah I don't think that was Kim Basinger
Jack chat saying Basinger wow I'm wrong
basing her basement you were basing her
Daryl Hannah
it's pronounced Daryl Hannah ah well
there you go
did Dan Akroyd to write that one as well
I don't know if he wrote on he was
starting it he also starred in dr.
Detroit was completely forgotten about
and I've never seen it I'm just we're
you know you're with its existence sure
like I'm less interested in stuff like
that I want to see the stuff that he
wrote and directed and had complete
control over like nothing but trouble
right right that's the stuff that's
interesting that's it that's raizy stuff
the fact that he directed nothing but
trouble is what makes that interesting
agree I think we're just talking about
movies of Dan Aykroyd was in he was been
a lot of things that were good yeah and
he's been in some things that were bad
but that's not necessarily his fault
right yeah I mean he's just an actor too
yeah so someone run this way oh I'm just
want to check it out really quick
Trading Places Oh
like that - head on fire nope okay oh
hey you can hug him nothing but trouble
is the only thing he directed no shit
Oh does it
after I hug him does he follow me yeah I
don't remember I'll never remember
you'll never remember the password rich
you know what the password is it's the
only password I've ever used I want to
be I just don't feel right typing that
him
there
so we've got a refrigerator yep and a
little a little guy with that thing came
out a little a little man who I hugged
and I don't know what that did but I
hugged him and and it like made a noise
like it made a congratulations noise and
this is not the same studio that did
inside or the other one limbo limbo I
don't think so I think this is a a
direct ripoff of what they do
oh okay okay oh that okay yeah that
kills you apparently yes it's a direct
ripoff of what they do is what I'm going
to say
nice try rich that came out at the same
time all right well then it's just a
ripoff of inside or Limbaugh then it's
just a ripoff of limbo it's fine it's
the atmospheric puzzle-solving thingy
it's fine
it's all fine it's all fine
all right valium bloodshot says I think
we can all agree with this regarding
Justice League you can't polish a turd
but Whedon did his best to make this
turd a bit more presentable sure okay so
I guess it's just gonna start so heads
up we're gonna talk about Justice League
it's probably gonna be spoilers it won't
matter is my warning it really doesn't
like the synopsis you would read on the
back of the box would count as a spoiler
for Justice League right so it's gonna
happen now rich our here's here's some
here's some rehears some real talk yeah
I'm actually a little upset that they
brought Wheaton in to fix it yeah
because at least if we would have gotten
Zack Snyder's original vision it would
have been a horrible fiery mess probably
and that at least would have been
something interesting to talk about
weren't you sing to me is who gets the
blame
what blame for the movie tanking but
it's you know near a hundred million
dollar opening weekend there's something
horribly wrong with the way Hollywood
operates now when you can nearly make a
hundred million dollars for your opening
weekend and it's considered a letdown
they're doing things horribly wrong now
it's just how much it costs to make the
movie right that's how it works but but
to the executives to the suits blame
Whedon or Snyder
Snyder yeah of course that's the whole
reason why we Tain's in there in the
first place the the thing that tanked
Justice League was dawn of Justice and
the suits knew that going in okay
the suits knew that going in and so all
they were trying to do was some sort of
damage control and that is just the
whole reason why we tonneaus brought in
in the first place was was Saxon Tokra
Zack Snyder damage control so you've
heard that totally did not look like a
gap that looked like I'd hit the wall
that did yeah and well and I thought I
could maybe jump on the there was like a
little like pipe that maybe I could jump
on button blame cavil for the
million-dollar CG IRA sure no no you
can't blame him he was under contract to
do a different yeah and he was nice
enough to come back for the reshoots at
all right he did not have to come back
to the reshoots mission impossible
they're under no fucking obligation to
did lose one of their actors mustache to
deal with that headache cuz cuz fucking
Warner Brothers fucked up with Justice
League abso-fucking-lutely henry cavill
gets no blame if and you know the
Mission Impossible guys get no blame to
know because like what if his fake
mustache looks equally horrible way
their movie would suck because he had to
do a difference sucky movie you got a
fan for stick wig issue yes yes agreed
no no fuck those guys who says that it's
it's all like it's all the the
fascinating oh well at least I saved
there didn't he I were to do the
reshoots before the Wheaton ones he
already did some before the Whedon ones
but no no no the wheat the Wheaton ones
were all the CGI upper lip which looks
unbelievably horrible even if you didn't
know that there was a CGI mustache
removal ever anyone watching that goes
were like what happened to his face did
he get stung by a bee like it looked
terrible
dan Tilian hubber says hey guys know
this tip was a two-parter okay anyway
once rich Evans told someone on stream
to never follow their dreams because
they wouldn't achieve them it wasn't me
but that statement really struck stuck
with me so I've been working my hardest
and finally got my dream job this
weekend
I quit waitressing so I could become a
costume designer Hey nice thanks for the
inspiration and support you frauds
you're welcome oh I think I think she's
she's saying that to spite you rich
that's fine look if they can't somebody
doesn't follow the dream and succeed
yeah all right I'm happy with that
oh damn it why'd you to be a waitress
forever I'm not gonna do that I'd say
it's just sounded like you were taking
credit for it it sounded like you were
taking credit like I told you the right
thing
like I know I keep dying when I go over
here but I feel like though because I
can walk over here that there's a secret
you know there's probably not cuz I just
keep on dying
yeah but Logan and I thought that I
saved that the little lantern but
apparently you don't I'm sorry it's fine
it's fine I just have to walk past this
lungs again well he's taking credit for
me no I'm not taking credit for anything
just somebody's telling me that their
dreams are working out for them and I'm
you know I'm happy for them that's good
that's all it's that oh that's all that
really matters somewhat someone's happy
and we're happy for them that's great
that's not what your dream is to like if
your your dream was to be the first
person on Mars I'm probably not gonna
happen
probably not the odds are very much
against you if you're if you're if your
dream is to own a small business
mm-hmm that's that's considerably more
doable like if your dream is to be
President someday
well like apparently anybody can be
president now so yeah go for it
keep your dreams reasonable but this
part is becoming a little annoying you
know I think there's a difference
between reasonable and achievable and as
long as you have proper goal structures
and you know keep working towards it in
a reasonable fashion I think you know
fucking be the first person on Mars if
your dream is to like invent an entirely
new color that is unlike any of the
other pre-existing colors uh-huh
you got a lot of work cut out for you
it's probably not gonna happen that's an
impossible dream you don't know nothing
about it a color theory right they know
how many Glade cones and rods your eye
has is probably technically so many
colors that are seeable Jack
we know the ball you don't know nothing
you don't know nothing about no color
theory you know you know we know we know
what the eyes could register okay go I
want to hug another little guy
I don't want to miss hugging the little
guy go
you can try inserting infrared and
ultraviolet receptors in the eyes yeah
you could yeah you could yeah don't
don't listen to mr. naysayer over here
then then you have to go to school train
really hard be the absolute most
brilliant geneticist that ever lived ha
and focus on this ultraviolet thing
rather than cancer can't what can't you
tell me people are already working on
that cancer thing not enough of them is
there still cancer hey you know what we
need colors too man we need pretty shit
to look at what people are getting
cancer treatment for this foreseeable
future the only two things that high
profile geneticists are gonna be working
on our our cancer and erectile
dysfunction that's terrible I'm not
saying you're incorrect it's just
terrible I lost my little friend
I'm gonna hug my little friend it's a
mousetrap so's the search for Bad Star
Wars merchandise continues Darth Vader's
lightsaber immersion blender r2d2 coffee
press and Death Star popcorn maker don't
be surprised by any of this rickets
rickets 47 says the MCU is trite garbage
for idiots okay okay as opposed to the
DC see you which is trite garbage
pretending to be something other than
trite garbage so that idiots can pretend
they're highbrow when they're too dumb
to get the trite stuff that Marvel does
you know cuz I am I like I like my
movies when my aliens and billionaires
punch each other but I won't I like it
when they say something but it's dark
thing a little fun but it's like there's
it's like when the billionaire man who
dresses up in a costume punch to the
alien who dresses up in a costume he
also said his mother's name which means
rebirth do you get it
yeah
there was a little friend a friend over
here and I want to hug them Anonymous's
came to the stream late so not sure if
he mentioned it but have you seen the
rich voice mod for XCOM - I have not I'm
I'm flattered yet also terrified to see
what they've done with it sure and I
think I think someone mentioned that to
me and I forgot about it because I don't
really play X come to that much but damn
it I wonder I wonder what it says when
you hunker down hunger prices hunker
down Rach what what particular clip
though they use right and these are the
questions these are the important
questions you can ask me to like say
some things the person who worked on
that mod throw me some lines yeah
okay okay which one's X this one sex all
right all right I know what's going on
though I know what's going on now yeah
you know I like with all with all the DC
EU stuff I go and not really all the DC
EU stuff really it's just it's just
Batman V Superman it's like I Eve I do
agree that Zack Snyder was trying to be
deeper and that's what's so funny about
superficial way where there wasn't
really saying anything well like I said
he was trying to be deeper but what his
level of depth is is not normal he was
looking in a puddle and said wow we can
swim in this and and he also failed at
the thing he was trying to say we can do
this but the weirdest thing yeah all
right the weirdest thing about the DC EU
or ever the hell they want to call it
yeah it's a universe built around how
amazing and inspirational Superman is
and they have not really ever showed us
a Superman who was amazing or
inspirational other other than lip
service that was that was the most
disturbing part of the Joss Whedon
reshoots is how everyone was just like
man isn't soup wasn't Superman the best
he was a beacon of hope and it's like we
already saw his last movie and we know
he wasn't wasn't everyone super pissed
at him
there was whole Senate hearings on
whether or not people liked him Stefan
Wolfe had to wait until Superman was
dead before he can invade you know
Superman who only showed up and the
public scene five years ago he didn't
act before that no I didn't he attacked
before he was he could have come back
any time in the last five thousand years
and if he would have attacked you know
like like a hundred and fifty years ago
he wouldn't even have Wonder Woman
to deal with less less depth in a puddle
yeah oh it's ridiculous it's
ridiculously dumb
did you like Steppenwolf he's not a
character can't like or dislike someone
that's not even a character he's a
placeholder they'd forgotten to turn
into a character yeah he's bad guy
Mickey McGuffin like I'm not wrong
videogame characters have had more depth
video game villains oh yeah yeah yeah no
he's like his motivation for wanting to
take over the earth was he's the guy
that takes over Earth's and he wasn't
able to take over the earth last time
right
yeah so he wants to take over the earth
more yeah he was like oh my thing is I
take over Earth's and I was unable to
take over the earth so I'm back to take
over Earth that was his character
motivation that's it that's it also I
loved his ability his superpower I'm
just showing up whenever he wanted
wherever he wanted for no particular
reason job did Saturday morning cartoon
it was that's exist it was precisely
Saturday morning cartoon may be a
two-parter like I said just for time it
was a two-parter Saturday morning
cartoon
valiant bloodshot says anyone else find
it kind of creepy that every one of the
Justice League is either infatuated with
or is hitting on Wonder Woman it made me
kind of uncomfortable no I think I think
with her and Batman they're just doing a
half-assed romance very half-assed yeah
yeah I don't know we got like I do some
I just thought it was like a joke I just
I pictured it as just a bad joke where
it's like yes gal gadot is very
attractive and Wonder Woman is supposed
to be very attractive and so it was just
one of those like I don't know I don't
know if I found it creepy I wish they
would have done a little bit more with
it
I didn't do anything with anyone but
they did that's the thing they didn't do
anything with anyone
I don't know you can focus on them not
doing anything with Wonder Woman and
only when they didn't do anything anyone
I can't I have a problem with them not
doing anything with anyone the character
arc is just we're gonna form a team now
and then they formed a team hey we're a
team now and then we didn't really need
the team because Superman just get it
he's gonna do everything just I'm gonna
need a team but we're gonna form a team
and hey ya can't you do this for a
Superman Thank You Superman
the the sequence in which we get
Superman back to us might be my favorite
in all cinema history the which the
sequence in which they because you know
like they have one of the MacGuffin you
know MacGuffin a B and C right they have
MacGuffin see the last MacGuffin to get
and they said hey do you think we could
use this to revive Superman okay let's
do it now we're there now Superman's
alive now he's bad now he's good morning
cartoon like I said that's all like
that's that's my response to everything
Baba's home Saturday morning cartoon
Ed's dumb it's super dim but that that
hole is any kind of game anything
happened in this or he just literally
just walking around so far I'm just
walking around
I I get I get the atmosphere but I don't
get the feeling there's much more ah
we'll see was nice died so okay yeah
here's a little puzzle II the the what
what I'm saying is the the dumbness of
the movie the simplicity of the movie is
exactly that scene is it was no longer
than a minute and a half
Batman says hey can we use this to
revive Superman and cyborg goes yeah and
then there there yeah
they revive Superman oh he's bad now oh
wait he's good now that's it yeah it
lasted the whole thing lasted maybe five
minutes and and none of it meant a damn
thing rickets 47 and he's just trying to
troll at this point so Zack Snyder makes
actual political films they have depth
the MCU is a cowardly series that tries
nothing alright you can say what you
want I don't care I mean you can be
wrong if you want but
blue prism says I won a few bucks in
quarters from gambling with my dear old
grandmother so here are some of that
money love you guys thank you thank you
very much for those quarters we
appreciate him Lord lerton knows I
needed them for tolls on my wait Chicago
for Thanksgiving oh yeah the tolls are
little nuts oh yeah same fuckin insane
they are insane but you know what the
the highways once you get to the
Illinois side they're much nicer they're
much nicer than our highways big lanes
big lanes lights at night horrible
traffic jack if you ever been in traffic
around Chicago sure you're in stand
still traffic as it is and then you're
expected to paint holes on top of that
mm-hmm toll should be rescinded when
traffic is backed up ooh I like it and
that would you know motivate them to
design traffic in a way that keeps
fuckin flowing you know I think there's
a lot of I think the highways are nice
I think the highways are nicer than than
our highways so what I will say I like
the tolls were a myth for the longest
time it depends depends not what state
you're in
there's none of Wisconsin which is nice
yeah yeah or the tolls should be taken
out after the bridge or highway is paid
for I have always been told that tolls
in Illinois at least Chicago one of the
highways in Chicagoland area was was
sold to the public under the the false
lie of well it's just gonna pay for the
construction and once that's been paid
for the tolls will go away and then the
tolls never went away and in fact the
prices increased and doubled and then
they doubled again and then they double
the final time and someone told them
that eventually tolls would go away
that's what my family said when I was I
was told but I was younger interesting
that's like when I wasn't around when
they originally started this
construction mind you so I don't know
what was actually said sure sure
but they always bitched members of my
family I said they're gonna stop the
tolls and it was paid for yeah man they
shook their fists yeah yeah
well that's like what do we what do we
have here the the 911 fee remember nine
one one fee well no there there was a
when when cell phones became more
prevalent yeah they they raised the tax
to upgrade 911 centers yeah because you
know like they would get a lot more
calls a lot more calls from different
carriers and they just wanted to make
sure they were up with it and after they
upgraded all the 911 centers they said
well we sure like this extra money
coming oh sure and it's supposed to only
be distributed towards fire and police
but as politicians do they have found
unique workarounds and it actually very
little ghosts firing police and no
politician you know a lot of politicians
will run on like I'm gonna say we're
gonna stop this tax but no one does they
did they did a story on it a couple
years ago because our
our governor Scott Walker ran on a you
know on a lower taxes market and he he
was one who was like yeah I'm gonna stop
this whole crazy taxing he never did but
of course the people before him didn't
either no like all right because you
have a you have a little bit of income
here you go well I guess I'm gonna keep
that for this this this is that great
right exactly we're gonna keep this
little bit of income is this enough
blocks to do the thing am i heavier than
two blocks yeah I am great you sure you
can't just set the blocks down yeah well
I was having fun throwing them so I was
throwing them okay so we got a run
there's a timer
right oh you wanted it rich rich so in
any case where were we Steppenwolf eie
sucks it's just the dumbest yes
he's just the dumbest and Superman shows
up at the end and he punches him really
hard but none of it really mattered
because no one cared no one cared about
where they were or why they were doing
the things they were doing it like the
whole world is gonna die okay wait oh
the light from the eye kills you uh
maybe that's we all does treat a stone
Oh
maybe I like it I'm curious if you'll
turn to stone okay well let's do it
yes yes it's neat Steppenwolf
Kevin Smith's review of Justice League
is hilarious oh no I'm assuming he loves
it
am i such a fucking fanboy all of them
all of them rich during during the
holidays I was had a chance to talk had
a chance to talk to my besties and my
cousin Jake who who works in the movies
he makes the movies and apparently
someone on the set of the new movie he's
working on is a huge Schneider fanboy
and he made like he just kind of made an
offhanded remark about how he didn't
much care for Batman vs Superman
assuming that everyone around him felt
the same and like this actor that he was
working with it was like whoa dude whoa
oh my god really offended and like
started like defending a Batman V
Superman uh-huh and was just like what
are you gonna talk about you can talk
about the Martha scene well maybe you
just didn't understand that scene and
like yeah yeah really and he say you
said he loved it and you know he talked
to eat their friends I was like right it
was fine but like got really personal
about it like was a super fan boy it was
great it was great but he's like it's
terrible it's terrible of course
terrible movie of course it's a terrible
movie but know that the fanboys are
crazy with the movies they're crazy with
the movies and the craziest part is like
when they when they act like people
don't get it like man maybe you just
didn't understand why that scene was
important like we do is just dumb person
in chat I'm not even sure that Kevin
Smith is a paid shill I think he's just
a free shill I think he's just a fanboy
possible
kind of the little doll thing valiant
bloodshot's is at what point will DC
film fans admit that their love of the
DC EU is no longer life support its
necrophilia ah ah right uh first of all
right
second of all like like the movie you
like I'm not I'm just I'm just here
telling you why I dislike it you know oh
I did something it did something
important right when did man I still
come out great question
is it 2011 a great question it's taking
them a long time to get it you know
yeah 2013 a lot of 2013 ok so yeah it's
it's taking them a few years to just
kind of get it but yeah Man of Steel's
pretty dumb is it weird that I like
Batman vs Superman better than Justice
League Oh Batman vs Superman is more
interesting by virtue of the fact that
it's a bigger trainwreck that's the
thing Justice League can't even do us
the courtesy of being a horrible
dumpster fire it's just boring and bland
and dumb for obvious reasons at very
least Batman vs Superman like Batman vs
Superman is a movie that is so bad you
could write a thesis like your graduate
your doctoral Film Studies thesis on
dissecting how bad it is and why it's so
bad I'm sure there are critics who are
building their career off of dissecting
Batman vs Superman you can you can hate
the Marvel movies because I don't know
their popcorn films and
you like to pretend you're an adult when
you watch Batman vs Superman you can you
can do that but I have to respect Marvel
for what they have done
mm-hmm without their top tier characters
right when they started that shit they
did not have fucking spider-man or the
x-men mm-hmm the the two most popular
fucking things they had yeah they didn't
have the Fantastic Four which in the
convex sevens would start a tall man
that was that was the wellspring for the
Marvel Universe was the Fantastic Four
they only had that what they had was was
they're effectively their B characters
characters cuz at the time nobody gave a
shit about Iron Man
no no one gave a shit about Captain
America no one gave a shit about Thor
right and they fuckin made it work and
they made people love those characters
exactly I doesn't respect what they have
done big word up there I'm a friend big
word up and here DC has had access to
not only the the cream of the crop of
their characters but all of the story
lines across all of their their years of
work they have no idea what their
characters are all about or how to use
them which is the the antithesis of
Marvel yeah
the DCEO was a Superman is a universe
built around Superman that hates
Superman yes yes I don't get it I don't
get it either ma'am I don't get it
either well it all started because they
just wanted to stand out they just
wanted to be different and they said
well you know what you know who everyone
loves our Nolan Batman movies everyone
loves the Dark Knight yeah and it's
because it's you know gritty and
grown-up and adults that work for Batman
and now for Batman and more important
here's the really poor part if fucking
worked for Christopher Nolan because
he's a good filmmaker and then you hand
the keys you can the keys over to Snyder
I need here and uh who said that I think
was forgive me if I'm wrong I think Gina
suave and that Chad said this but yes
The Incredibles is the best Fantastic
Four movie ever made
oh sure sure give me then that's fair
all right so what's going on you're
running you're running from a giant
monster thing no there was a giant
monster thing but now in this room thing
up there there's a little door up there
climb those pipes you would think you
can't climb the pipes cannot climb the
pipes you probably got to climb up those
boxes
is there something you can move over
right that would be has that know
something any other room you have to get
past the monster that's what I was
looking for I was looking for something
I could drag over here and I didn't see
anything like I can't pick up any of
these boxes there's a little crates
under the bed that one no the right
that's what I can't I can't pick those
up I can't move them they're too big for
me any move that one no can't even grab
it oh wait here's the thing okay here's
a little block I don't I don't think
that's gonna be enough I'm just I'm
working with what I got I'm gonna I got
a little block and I'm gonna bring it
over Jeremy Reed with the chat is saying
no okay not yet
cuz if they're right it's not even a
puzzle and it's kind of a letdown oh
well then then let's be disappointed
together everybody see back here
like moving a box over there yeah what
about some kind of puzzle element yeah
agreed
that's what that's and that's what I'm
looking for is some sort of puzzle
element this game better have like a
blob monster to make up for everybody
really hopes last game we played that
was a little disappointment in the
puzzle territory had a blob monster just
saying just saying yeah this is not
gonna be it but maybe no I can't jump on
okay what is the chat saying what's the
chance if I'm up the crates because it's
like a ladder oh okay so so no puzzles
huh yeah great yes we're trying to tip
but apparently not getting new tips I'm
sorry
X out of it and start it over again rich
and that's what I usually yeah yeah well
alright it works sometimes I think
they're just having trouble with the
tipping in the first place so it could
be PayPal you don't can even get it to
load now yeah they're third down or
something
something is wrong yay something is
wrong
diarrhea that's what it looked like says
that kid get a turn to a monster
but the end is that where we're going
sure oh okay I can go in that box
I can't run oh that's what that that's
what that was I can't run or maybe not
what I do on Thanksgiving what everyone
does on Thanksgiving look hung out with
some family I went to family's house and
I had to fix an old man's TV that is
what everyone does on Thanksgiving so I
end up doing every time I go over there
something's wrong with this something
needs to be hooked up right or and it
just said why are why are people afraid
of simple technology yeah I don't know I
don't know right but I have to come down
from Wisconsin occasionally to like plug
in a cable box why thank you
why that's that is our that is our job
as the younger people we assure the
older people but it's not it's not
rocket science
no it's plug the thing that looks like
the thing that was it
yeah they have colors and everything
yeah like the scariest thing in the
world that somebody who's like 60 or
older is apparently the input button on
a remote control yeah here's a Roku we
got your Roku never uses it
yeah they just gotta hit the input
button so you got do how do i watch
wheel of fortune how am I gonna watch
the wheel on the Roku how am I gonna do
that
though III think I think we made some
progress oh good
lift that Karen's mother okay
I sure something on the phone on YouTube
and then within minutes it was one
golden retriever video after the other
hahahaha oh no you're three two months
it was a breakthrough
cuz now she knows how to watch dog
videos alright that's fair that's fair
sometimes you just gotta know what
language to speak rich it's the language
of dog videos rich I need more dog
videos
rich you hear of Bill Murray's new show
about minor league baseball I know
absolutely nothing about Bill Murray's
new show about minor league baseball why
not though I'm curious what if you heard
about this was this
I don't nothing about another man I
don't know nothing about nothing but you
you like minor league baseball oh I do I
be shocked who's doing a TV show
seems unlike Bill Murray no I guess
nothing sounds I'm like Bill Murray
she's willing to do anything that will
throw you off do you remember you ever
hear that show where he would just golf
with his brothers because he just felt
like golfing no I told and Comedy
Central just wanted a show with him so
bad that he's like alright I'll do a
show but it's just gonna be me my
brothers and we'll go golfing at
different golf courses and you know
we'll try to be funny but really we're
just gonna go and they go alright cuz
that spill Murray he did Garfield what
was the story with him doing Garfield he
thought it was someone else he thought
it was Paul W Anderson was it Paul
Anderson I know some kind of drag he was
it was yeah Paul or was it the co that's
what it was it was the Coen brothers
chat is correct because one of the guys
who or the guy who directed the movie
Garfield was a Cohen but not one of the
Coen brothers not one of the Coen
Brothers he's like Oh a Coen brother is
doing this that's you know that's
something I want to do so apparently he
was in Garfield ISM and an accident yes
and he would spend every single session
rewriting every scene to try to make it
funny cuz I'm committed and that's part
of the problem with you know Bill Murray
famously I don't know if you know this
does not have an agent
it's worked out from um except for when
you except for situation share Garfield
this is what happens when you're in
charge of your own destiny huh you got
it you take those chances exactly and so
if you want to get a hold of Bill Murray
there's like an 800 number you can call
he might get back to you but didn't he
come back for the sequel well he might
have signed on for two movies when he
originally signed on for sure yeah no
yes or the whole thing could be one big
joke and that's not actually the story
yes sir Bill Murray sure seems like a
prick he might be very pause yeah this
all seems like prick ish behavior did he
did just shut my gun front blanket his
name it I feel terrible Egon Spencer
Egon Spengler fucking he didn't shut
Harold Ramis out of his life for decades
because of a disagreement they had about
Groundhog Day yeah he's in he's an actor
he's emotional
jump-jump you dick
yeah that's true
he wanted to make Groundhog Day a little
darker and Harold Ramis said hey why is
the comedy look he might be a prick but
at least so far as far as we know he's
not committed sexual assaults that many
celebrities you can say that about let's
just let's just keep hoping everybody
let's just keep hoping keep hope alive
that there's at least a couple just a
couple good ones all we need is a couple
people who didn't abuse their power yes
yes this game better have a big limb
monster sequence Highlander a cave
we're looking at you Tom Hanks he's
gonna be the only one the only one that
doesn't right we can hope we can only
hope rich
puzzlin good no no no so fuzzing
puzzling poorly so far the puzzles
aren't good at all
okay so better than what I would have
originally done that I've done the night
oh yeah yeah for the record and and I
wasn't I wasn't super committed to this
but if it came down to we have no idea
what else to do um I was gonna I'm in
the I'm near the tail end of unlocking
every token every card in hand of fate
one sure so I can't evade to but it kind
of pushed me you know I never really got
all the cards in hand of fate one yeah I
went back I haven't playing that and
I've nearly got them all I actually
technically have all the tokens I'm just
working on like the unlockable dressed
up for the class getting the right
things and yeah well I mean I'm here's
here's hoping for me I still think that
would have been fun but oh this is this
is fine this is something I can do
fairly mindlessly while we talk about
other things not really I kind of found
a good short way to get at some of the
cards I've got my my deck stacked with
like entirely non-combat encounters
except for that you know whatever card
it is I want to work on unlocking that's
in there with all these other ones I can
just easily skip sure sure and I'm
playing on the the jackass skills story
mission level thing because that's only
got two forced combat cards in it yep
and so I can get through really really
quickly that way just to get to the card
I want to try and unlock the token for
yeah I think that's fair I mean when I
had a bunch of them I was just going
through endless mode and just running
across them but when you get down to the
last ones it's not super efficient
why did you guys choose to start doing
reviews of pixelated dudes because we
had no sub as literally because we had
no cent we have no set we currently have
no sec and we still have no set and for
a while we were able to get around
having no set by just shooting where we
stream but I don't but we've recently
things have moved around and so we've
recently changed where we streams so we
no longer have access to that room
either and so we were losing our set yet
again you know let's try right let's try
something new and then you know of
course everyone hated it but people hate
things that are new so let's give it a
few episodes and see if people can come
around your honesty review was all right
I think I think I think always from my
point again like I got stuck too much
and talking about the art style with the
Odyssey review well yeah but that was as
what there was talk that's what there
was talk about there is not a whole lot
to Mario Odyssey it's it's a Mario game
it's a 3d Mario game you know so that's
what you get to talking about and that
was one of our that was a big
disagreement with between us which is
the interesting stuff that's what people
want to hear is the back-and-forth and
so that's why I kept a lot of that in
and you knows
it was also fairly important to me that
you know both rich and eyes arguments
were received enough you know like I
didn't want one of us to be the clear
winner yeah of the art style debate and
so you know making sure that we each had
equal say there's no winner or loser
about it just it didn't bother me that's
just an opinion
losing you didn't like it I was fine
with it I liked it oh sure but we had we
had just different ideas and so like as
editor I could have very easily you know
just cut out all of your good points and
I only had needs is God jack is clearly
the winner
rich is such an idiot yeah I you know I
like the Mario review I the so in any
case we are working on getting a new set
for us so a bunch of things came over
the break for a possible new set we'll
see if it works out let me hug you
no I want to hug you
who's getting hugged there's a little
creature
and so we are going back to the full
seeing mine and riches faces style for
the reviews but we still have all these
pixel guys and so we're gonna do the
prereq quick app which I also think
worked out very well especially for some
might be one or two of those probably
actually get a set you know but I think
it worked out especially like for
something like hand of fate where where
did you go so what's going on I'm
looking for a guy to hug why do you need
to hug the guy I don't know is cute yeah
guys I guess I don't know there was a
guy and I wanted to hug him but he got
away from me and so now I want to find a
guy to hug because that's finding the
guy to hug is more interesting to me
than the game
oh okay
okay okay so yeah I don't know where we
left off there but guys pixel guys guys
to hug all that all that jazz that's
gonna be a big guy isn't it that opens
up and kills you if you're not behind
thing no I don't know okay I did it
already
oh I just see people's beds it's just a
normal view screen of some sort yeah I
don't think it's a window right but what
is this no spy monitor thing what does
it mean what am I supposed to do so
we're saying this game looks pretentious
Jack do you have any comments so far
it's it's a lot of style over substance
what makes something pretentious as
opposed to just being art what where's
the line for well in general something
being pretentious is is is thinking it
has more depth than it actually has
DC Batman V Superman is incredibly
pretentious it thinks it's the smartest
movie ever
when in fact it says nothing this I
don't know what it's trying to say
beyond spooky imagery and so it might
not be pretentious but anyone who says
it's like an artistic masterpiece could
be pretentious yeah
ah interesting very interesting trying
to restart this toast Jack yeah do it
restart him already what are you doing
okay okay great you did it I got stuff
here
great you did it
I am so I don't know this game might be
good but I'm gonna guess it's not um
okay
quack Tomic says first time catch you
guys live hi so here's some money
yay need some advice okay my brother
recently forced me to take his copy of
Batman vs Superman when I sneak it back
into his house where should I hide it
the bathroom okay put it put it right on
top of the toilet paper here's what you
do
here's what you do for a super funny
joke yeah you get a label maker uh-huh
you get a CD label maker they you they
used to sell these all the time for make
your own CD stuff right okay and you
print the label of a movie you know that
your brother really wants to watch and
owns swap Batman vs Superman with the
printed label for that movie so the next
time he pops in Jurassic Park Batman V
Superman comes on you have to change the
disc to then those are usually printed
on there what do you mean you have to
have something on the disc too not just
the case well that's what I mean yeah
okay I oh that's like take take the
Batman V Superman disk put the Jurassic
Park label on it putting normal sticker
on there yeah you know what but a lot of
times like I don't know about you but
when I pop in a DVD I'm having
this okay I'm half paying attention to
the disk so I'm thinking it might be
worth it I don't know what I'm supposed
to do here I don't like it I'm not able
to hug the little triangle head guy I'm
getting out of here I'm sorry I'm
getting out of this crazy Oh
though there is how did you get out
there come here I wanna hug you I'm
gonna hug you
yeah look Oh boom
got him oh there for a heck a long time
when he just came out here I gotta hug
him anytime
alright great synagogue says synagogues
would you ever consider playing an open
world survival type of game now
eg Ark Russ seven days to die at cetera
though also heart emoji okay wow wow
well doesn't doesn't Pub G count yeah
it's not really survival I mean it is
but you know those type of games was
like archetype of games there they're
the kind of games where you have to you
know hunt for you know gather supplies
hunker down build a little forts I just
get they get they get too much for me
they get I like moving and I like moving
moving or dying
that's why pub G worked for me because
you know you'd have to do stuff oh no
but no I'm not necessarily interested in
I I may give Project Zomboid a shot if
they ever finish it
which is a snobby game but does not
emphasize shooting waves and waves of
wages aam be try to avoid them or build
a fortification to keep them out right
right is what you're trying to do in
that there might be interesting yeah if
they ever finish it I did play the the
fortnight the the Battle Royale
fortnight the cartoon epub G where you
have to build stuff I did play that
project zomboid is actually already very
feature complete alright I don't think
it was last time I played it this but I
bought that game a while back actually
bought it before I was on Steam I'm not
sure I'm not sure I have a key for the
Steam version then double check sure and
that was that was years ago
in cotton it'll ins I think I'm saying
that right says hey rich what does the
game have to do to make you one - 100 %
ik yeah there's no magic answer some
kind of ratio of how good the game is
what you get for 100% in it and how easy
it is the 100% mm-hmm
if it's super super tedious to 100% it I
might not bother even if I love the game
mm-hmm like I don't I don't think I've
ever 100% into any of the grand theft
auto's maybe just Grand Theft Auto 3 way
back when mm-hmm okay I've never gone
out of my way to do that
I'd like to collect collect the 100
things hidden throughout the world
yes it's tedious and it's not fun to do
mmm
and so I get that oh fuck
iíve enjoyed unlocking the cards in
hand of fate so I don't mind him locking
them all mm-hmm
whoo what's this challenge gonna be you
know yeah yeah I'm with you
i i guess i 100% 100% 'add Batman Arkham
Asylum but as tedious as it was I just
wanted to see how the Riddler thing I
did you know and it needs about a
hundred and fifty less Riddler ship
yeah those Riddler puzzles are for real
well they weren't even puzzles in the
first one I was just fine the question
marks right if you cut the question mark
so and it was just the Riddler riddles
we had to take a picture of what he was
hinting at mmm if that were the only
Riddler collectable I thought I would
have been great okay but the Riddler
trophies are so hideous and stupid and
tedious hmm I hate them
they are skilled testers in the city
yeah but it's too fucking many of them
and yeah all I know is the ones in in
fucking Arkham Knight were the worst and
do all sorts of insane bullshit
can we discuss how EA is in such hot
water with Disney I think we have before
but I don't mind discussing ooh we get
this shit on EA sure let's go
has there been any new development since
last week nope no the Internet's kind of
forgotten about it and it's been
Thanksgiving boxes whatever we'll come
right back you know it so for those of
you who don't know of obviously I'm sure
everybody does is e the way in which you
unlocked characters in battlefront to
some people found really egregious and
it was a little pay to win E and
eventually it got to the point where so
many people were complaining Jack they
just failed to anticipate that somebody
buying a Star Wars game would want to
play as Luke Skywalker or Darth Vader oh
they didn't anticipate that that was it
and so it became such a hubbub on the
internet that reportedly obviously we
don't know for sure Bob Iger one of the
heads of Disney called EA to be like
stop messing with my shit EA right and
an EA
shut down their loot box system for
temporarily to rework how the loot box
has worked so
and yes and now three to four countries
are investigating whether or not loot
boxes constitute as some form of
gambling good good yeah so you know and
you know might
best thing that can happen is if ei just
loses the Star Wars license if you're a
fan of Star Wars that's probably the
best case scenario for you yes hundred
percent doesn't he should Disney should
have it be where they they've retained
control of the license and anybody who
has a good enough pitch yeah they can
they will sell them the license I mean
that's what it should be but remember
Disney doesn't care about videogames you
go to the Disney hi I'm a big developer
this is my portfolio these are the games
we kind of make I'm what are your Star
Wars this this and that okay here you go
and somebody else would entirely
different entirely fucking different
developer comes hi Disney I'm so-and-so
we make of a red gate racing games like
this and this and this we want to use
Star Wars license oh there you go you
get a license and you get a license see
here's the like a little puzzling thing
I think I think here's a puzzler thing
where there's a little friend in in this
container
I want Rockstar to get the rights to
Star Wars what the fuck would Rockstar
do with Star Wars open world star wide
open world right well that's what they
that's what they want I think that's
what they want you ready not fucking
boring it would be to run around
Tatooine
Rockstar that's like last people I want
to be working on the sole exclusive you
know rides over Star Wars also like
Rockstar I'm talking about
microtransaction and loot boxes remember
that Rockstar has now gone full
microtransaction with GTA online they
don't care about making regular games
anymore
they are down with with the the system
of
hmm okay I think I get what's happening
over here oh wait no I need this I move
you wait a minute
I need another box rich
I made me another box like I'm your game
that Rockstar Meigs I don't see that
working with Star Wars grand you can't
see grand theft tattooing no I can't see
it I can't say I disagree with you what
dev would make a good Star Wars game in
today's world I don't know it's Ravens
still around who did they made Jedi
Knight - OH
but other things but who would make a
good Star Wars Naughty Dog + Star Wars
yeah but Disney already makes Star Wars
movies rich think about Red Dead Star
Wars I am and it doesn't fit
Star Wars doesn't have the open world it
doesn't have the world for that they're
saying it could it could have the open
world that doesn't
what Star Wars carves or car equivalence
do you really want to drive other than
the x-wing of the TIE fighter which
doesn't really work as well on a planet
and which planet yeah you would need you
would need something a little more like
open if you wanted to go that route you
would need to do something a little more
RPG II mm-hmm
and so I could I could see the Red Dead
comparison where it's like you know what
if what if it's a game where you're like
a smuggler and so it's it's it's you
know you happen planets but even then
it's in who would make a good Star Wars
movie I'm a good Star Wars games is know
who did who did the Batman series we did
the Arkham series Rocksteady okay okay
Rocksteady would make ya a good Star
Wars game they could probably do it
you're you're a Jedi so you can do your
combat system right right they have
decent storytelling abilities we know
that about them you know leveling up
different locations
rock rock steady yeah I can't even like
but oh god rock steady storytelling what
Star Wars doesn't even fit well but they
they tell a good story they have the
ability to tell a good story I'm not
thinking about a rock star oh yeah no
Rocksteady is the way to go I can't
picture like a grand theft auto style
cutscene with Star Wars curfew I know
you think you wanna trust me Rockstar
Star Wars would be horrible I think I
think you're right I think rich is right
give it to Rocksteady give me some
Batman style combat with Jedi's you
could do some cool force powers
I stopped now fuck you
it would be great
Oh
Braun Adam Sandler says yeah so a flash
is going to be flashpoint you can do
whatever you want in a reboot what
elements and the current DCE you do you
keep what do you throw out what movies
do you make after I don't care
I guess you keep Wonder Woman because
people like her it's the only thing you
gotta keep yeah that's by the way that's
gonna be the greatest part about
flashpoint
everything has changed except for you
Wonder Woman you're cool you stay the
same one of them and everybody likes you
but everything else has changed
that's what stories do I want to keep I
don't know I've never read a fucking
issue of Green Lantern or flash in my
life for Aquaman I don't know I'd write
Aquaman
I don't need a DC expanded universe I
never much cared for the DC as a
universe like Batman one of my favorite
characters I love Superman and sure sure
as a universe things don't go together
that well to me hmm interesting
I know it looks like you can jump on
this pilot first thing just trying to
make a good movie that's the first thing
oh snap let's see yeah let's get one
movie down okay I guess they got Wonder
Woman they got one they have one good
movie down first to a good movie with
the characters for you know the
individual characters that's what you
got to work on what are we gonna do here
I have no idea I'm treating this like a
puzzle which might be my problem so I
can't cross that gap yet Wonder Woman
was overrated I I agree it's not bad as
a good film but everyone thinks it's the
second coming just because they're so
desperate for a good DC EU film but see
that's that's what like Wonder Woman is
a very good movie but also compared like
think about the DC movies that came out
before that Suicide Squad and Batman V
Superman yes anything would have been
universally praised after those two
turds can you get up that pipe on top
what you would think you'd be able to
but no you weren't
oh wait there's a thing to grab we're to
the right yeah can you get it that no
well okay I here's what I can do yeah I
can move this cage of course well here
I'm sorry I've done this I've done this
all right what does it do okay it opens
the door but only for a very short
period of time see ya
and so then it's like okay I gotta get
off and push this but I don't have
enough time is there any way to jam
something under the door right this but
this is the only thing I think yeah
that's my problem with it you see you
want me to split him I'm reading things
in the chat I don't know if they know or
if they're just that's their own guess
how long you've been here
I've been here a while yeah go ahead can
you swing from the thing okay
the problem with AD CEU is that it has
to introduce a bunch of characters that
no one knows slash cares about here's
the thing they did it with the B team
okay could you imagine if if someone
made a superhero movie with a character
nobody really cared about I mean they
did it without their most valuable
properties Iron Man was nothing Marvel
did not when they started they did not
have spider-man no I did not have the
x-men that and out of the Fantastic Four
they still don't they did not have
daredevil they did not have ghost writer
it's and it is it's hard to remember for
especially for non comic-book people
it's hard for people to remember the
most popular character in Marvel history
was probably the Hulk yeah but they had
that they had Bill LBI be good that they
had access to make a movie of because of
the TV show right
so like you know and they tried making a
Hulk movie and that that didn't do so
well DC just failed hard so it's so hard
so hard yeah okay well now I'm in here
I hope movies don't work
I just don't think they've done them
right I'm convinced the whole movie
could work it it can't be a traditional
superhero film he's got to be a
rampaging monster that just fucking
destroys everything yeah I think I think
now that someone who understands the
character is in charge a Hulk movie
could work ha all right how about a
movie were actually you know the whole
stemis is under built Ross succeeds in
capturing Bruce Banner right okay and
how about a movie where they just take
Bruce Banner yeah and he's in Chains and
they just drop him over enemy territory
the gamma bomb oh yeah
the gamma bomb yeah that's that's a
greatest you just make a movie about
that though when you you just take the
take the hold you just drop them off in
the Middle East there there is a that's
all you do that's the movie there is a
great miniseries of Hulk comics called
banner and it's it's only like four or
six issues you know like a little a
little piece and it's called banner and
that's all it was is whenever it was
Bruce he was crazy depressed and
whenever he was Hulk is because he was
rampaging over enemy territories he's
the gamma bomb I remember you talking
about that now but that wouldn't be the
just that'sthat's that's where you go
with a hope of course that's a great
story and I you could do some personal
stuff with Bruce feeling feeling really
depressed about you know the government
abusing him you could get some social
commentary I'd be great it'd be great
and awesome action
I'm trapped now rich
yeah that'd be great that'd be great
joe flacco elite says are you guys
excited about seeing the disaster artist
nope oh hi mark you're tearing me apart
Lisa anyway how is your sex life
hopefully you read that impersonating
Tommy I don't have a Tommy impersonation
look I just don't I'm sorry I'd love to
help you out but I don't have one
oh hi mark oh it's not as good as I can
do that's good tearing me apart Lisa
that's not that's not super great yeah
and I'm not excited about it just cuz I
still haven't seen the room okay well I
know you know why now because I don't
have anyone to see it with you got to
see that movie with a group of people
right shine and all the people I know
who watch bad movies have seen it like a
hundred times
so I've missed my opportunity I do hear
very good things about the disaster
artist though
you can hear me so if you know what
let's think about movies Hulk movies
yeah you know it doesn't really matter
we don't need a Hulk movie but yeah like
you said thanks
oh come on you could fit one of your
long arms through there you saw him go
in the hole no no he's got his eyes
covered ah he's blind I see nope oh we
killed a cop me oh yeah you know you
could probably you would probably like
now you would probably have to do a Hulk
movie where the the actual kickoff to
the movie is throwing Bruce Banner out
of an airplane right because he doesn't
want he doesn't want to be the Hulk
right and so and so it's Bruce the
United States military needs your help
okay maybe you don't go full gamma bomb
maybe you just use a little bit of it we
have we have this we have the situation
here and only the Hulk can help us for
some reason mm-hmm and you need to go in
there as the Hulk smash a bunch of stuff
but also rescue someone
you can't send in the Hulk he'll destroy
everything but you need your the our
only hope for some reason you know you
come up with the reasons later right and
so then the kickoff the the 20 minute
mark is you boot him out of an airplane
and he's and he's Hulk's up and he
smashes the place and then as Bruce
Banner he needs to actually you know do
some do some sciency stuff and detective
Lee stuff so it's the president's
daughter
mommy buddy 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 says glad to
finally catch you guys stream just
wanted to give a big thanks to all you
are LM guys for many years of solid
entertainment also curious have you guys
ever played a leap dangerous
Oh a little bit I was enjoying it I
don't think it's Jax bag elite dangerous
space flight sim game behind my back you
were with me when I was playing it
actually we almost did at first four
hours of oh yeah yeah well then
definitely not I don't think you were
even interested enough for first four
hours of person so yeah that's Carol do
something else I need to go back to it
valiant bloodshot says grounding the DC
Universe doesn't work weirder is better
Constantine Swamp Thing animal man mr.
miracle hitman section 8 Doom Patrol
Santana and New Gods go weird and it
works I think I can hide on this pile of
stinky clothes maybe maybe you just
scrapped the idea of doing a DC expanded
universe and instead you just do a
vertigo movies and you don't you don't
worry about them being an expanding
universe you just do some of their nice
weird highbrow properties and see where
it goes from there
sure sure
like I've talked about this before and
doing like as far as like Superman
movies I like I do think they need to go
weirder I want to see super futuristic
ultra high-rise metropolis you know I
want to see I want to see a Gotham City
almost that's Tim burton-esque but
somehow modern-day I don't like that
they've made the DC movies realistic
mm-hmm I think that was a mistake one of
the things that sets DC and Marvel apart
is marvel takes place in the real world
our heroes are in New York City DC has
fantastical landscapes Atlantis and
Gotham and metropolis infinite little
and and that's that's going to be that's
part of the personality of your DC
Universe I'm gonna go ahead and agree so
yeah my Superman movie that I'm my
Superman movie that I'm currently making
right now I'm writing it as we speak
starts in a big bustling futuristic
metropolis where skyscrapers are so tall
we need walkways on the hundreth floor
you know like giant like a city so large
it's improbable and that's why Superman
can fly around and be fantastical in it
that's what I want it mister I love the
answer's no
Marvel has a lot of fictional cities and
the thing that's a large city and not
like a town somewhere do they have
anything on the scale of that like it's
like New York but it's fictional the
okay so some fictional countries I was
gonna say there's what Wakanda yeah well
Conda Conda let Vireo let various your
the Marvel does have fictional cities
but those fictional cities take place on
our planet Earth
well sort of Gotham and mm-hmm no that's
that's not that's not Earth Earth or
like Gotham is not neighbor to New York
City there is no realistic grounding to
DC's universe like there is with
Marvel's universe and that's important
the Savage Land everything in space like
that we're not talking about the space
stuff
who cares about space nobody especially
not me all these tiny shoes right no oh
oh oh no I'm gonna see if shoes rich
that's actually kind of cute where is
are these shoes are they I think their
shoes it's great it's just like a the
DCE you aversion of a ball pit ah it's
for children it's simple but it's
designed to look like something adults
yep it's a ball pit full of brown shoes
nice rich
maybe you just don't understand the
Superman it's it's a little more
realistic investor movie the news like
when the alien man in his pajamas uses
his heat vision to melt the people
that's a really adult thing ah god damn
it chat at the end of the day most of
Marvel comic books take place in New
York City and and not metroburg downtown
town the edge city quantum city yeah oh
quantum city that's a good one I like
that quantum city quantum city sounds
like a DC City yeah I like quantum city
one of their more obscure characters
patrols in quantum city beetle down
there at a quantum city that's his city
that's where the elongated man is from
every DC character it's a city
I have a DC executive I like your new
Kanter idea Astro guy but where's it
gonna be sent now can't be New York no
no how about galaki ma city Nikhil Akuma
starlings burg City ooh starlings burg I
like it everyone in DC they get their
own city yep it's a magical place
what the heck
I know I know everyone likes to say that
metropolis is like New York and Gotham's
like Chicago Gotham doesn't feel like a
Chicago Gotham feels like a the darker
side of New York City yeah they're just
to like they're just to New York yeah
yeah I agree
agreed but neither are
nice nice
well like I said that's what that's
that's all I'm saying is that adds
personality to their universe and I
think a downside of the Nolan verse is
losing that personality by going the
real real gritty real yeah right by
going Chicago because they do they films
a bit in Chicago it's like a peanut
Vegas just Chicago now you're more of a
Tim burton-esque Gotham I'm not saying
that I liked those movies better but
yeah I liked the city better it did have
a bit of a personality to it it felt
fantastical oh that's what I'm supposed
to do with those supposed to break them
up some of the relative sizes of these
cities in the DC Universe however
however big they feel like being that
weak rich opulent wise how does
metropolis compare to New York is New
York still the most populous city in in
the DC Universe you mean metropolis or
Gotham I would know or if I'm swimming
me I am gonna presume that New York
still exists does New York exist in the
DC Universe No
are you sure I think these are just
extra cities Jack really chat Chad I
need I need your help Chad does New York
exist in the DC Universe somebody saying
yes it does it does yes
so then population wise what's going on
New York Chicago in LA or is it notes
New York LA in Chicago what is it in the
DC Universe is it like metropolis New
York Gotham Central City LA how does it
work
I'm curious I want to know there's some
nerd map that DC just released okay so
where is metropolis
it's embarrassing the shoehorn those DC
cities next to the real ones metropolis
is in Delaware and Gotham is in New
Jersey that's that's just weird that is
that's very weird oh you got me
metropolis is in Delaware what what I
really hope that's a joke
fucking Delaware why would Delaware
that's not we put you number one
superhero rich a Delaware that's not
where you put your main superhero
I'm not saying anything's wrong with
Delaware but it's I mean it's also
Delaware yes it was the first state
that's it that's all you got
Delaware Wisconsin is making fun of
Delaware I'm not making fun of Delaware
it seems weird that metropolis is there
but
it's a weird response for a megacity
yeah I guess it's got to be somewhere
where do you put metropolis New York the
word you put Gotham New York is not a
real potato so you do the Batman versus
Superman where they're literally right
across the river from one another and
yet somehow Superman is the defender of
the problem and not metropolis and
Gotham because they're literally right
fucking next to each other
thankfully Superman respects the borders
with life but trottibus is a clean and
safe and Gotham's just a fuckin shitty
hellhole no this is why they live in
different they live on a different earth
that is what I'm saying no I let me just
say how much I fucking hate that they
are so close to each other that you can
see them I hate that you can see Gotham
from metropolis in Batman V Superman
mm-hmm what a joke know what a goddamn
joke rich well yeah well well what do
you want me to do check no fix it
like Chicago doesn't have enough culture
to be Gotham it makes sure goes to
blue-collar as compared to Gotham it
makes more sense it makes sense for
Chicago to be Gotham unfortunately
Gotham the metropolis they're just both
New York yeah
mr. talk of an ocean being next to
Gotham what body of water is Gotham next
to a big one a big one uh yeah you
should like they say ship shipping
whatnot maybe an ocean maybe an ocean
did you go where'd you go huggy friend
let me hug you
let me hug you where are you I'm not
trying to put down Chicago I grew up in
the fucking chicago's south suburbs if
we are going to relate them to real
cities Chicago is the only acceptable
answer if metropolis is New York and
obviously metropolis is New York I mean
I root for the freaking White Sox in
baseball
I've set up with Chicago because
gangsters and mob bosses and all that
oh yeah cuz New York didn't have any
gangsters that's the one thing you know
about New York
definitely no gang members in New York
yeah like I said Chicago make sense big
city a lot of you know there's like
there's a lot of but but of they're all
it's also just supposed to be another
side of New York because it's both and
it's not the real world which is the
important part of DCs it's not the real
world
whereas Marvel is ed o Canada says hey
guys what are your favorite minigames
I used to get drunk and just play cards
and Red Dead Redemption and I still pop
in GTA 5
just to play nine holes of golf it's
good relaxing golf sim I actually have
plague grand theft auto 5 just for the
golf oh yeah
I'll be real I don't know if I've ever
like popped in a game just to play the
mini game are there any particular
minigames that stand out as ones you
like how did to give this more thought
there's been a ton of minigames over the
dozens of years I've been alive right
nope I got nothing
oh you know I used to love well Grand
Theft Auto 3 and some of the later ones
too but I think they stopped doing it
dumb where you get into a cop car and
chase down criminals oh yeah yeah I
forgot what they called it what do they
call that but I used to love just
getting into a cop car yeah and chasing
down criminals vigilante yeah
you got me sometimes played Red Dead
just to play Texas Holdem see this
there's other places you can play Texas
Holdem though on so I wouldn't turn on
red dead redemption for that
shit shit
anonymous cents
do you think a Superman movie would be
better or worse if you limited him to
his original powers no flying heat
vision etc you can jump high be faster
than a train and it's kind of strong hmm
audiences would reject it I think you
just have to deal with the power levels
and embrace its mm-hmm it worked out
fine for Chris Reeves Superman a
different time no no different different
time Chris we good Superman there's no
reason that couldn't work today is
somewhat cheesier yo right here a film
you don't have to do gritty realistic
you don't have to no no you don't have
to I think I guess what I meant by a
different time was I think Chris Reeve
Superman benefited from the lack of
technology okay I'm in making Superman
do super things okay so instead of
having him do amazing feats of strength
they just focused you know on character
and story and fun and that was a benefit
to the movie know it's so simple it's
it's what every good Superman story is
which is Superman cares about people and
the drama is whether or not he's able to
save the people around him
yeah it's so fucking easy that it is
shocking how often they have messed this
up we're at number four mess-ups rich
yeah I don't Superman Returns I want a
slug the Man of Steel fuck you Batman V
Superman a joke and now Justice League
it is shocking how people keep missing
the mark on the whole Superman thing are
you saying
let me find it somebody said alright
mister was no gonna paraphrase it
because I can't find the original
message okay
Marvel really toned down Thor's power
level and it really helped to ground him
nobody gave a shit about Thor that's why
it works nobody nobody nobody most of
the people who saw those movies didn't
know Marvel had a character that's
that's a slight exaggeration a slight
exaggeration but like if Thor's power
levels are different than a comic I'm
hearing to assume most people did not
notice or care Superman on the other
hand is famous for being insanely
powerful and if you did that to Superman
in a movie it would be jarring and I
think people would reject the notion
agreed you can get away with that with
Thor because nobody gave a shit about
Thor agreed super agreed but yeah flying
heat vision invulnerability like these
are all so these are all now standard
attachments to Superman mhm
agree agreed for better or for worse and
did they try to tone them down in the
comics and like one of the like the new
52 multiple times and and tried in the
70s yeah and it never ever works they
try to bring him back it's it's once you
open that box there's no clothes in it
people rich what about some sort of
Kryptonite plotline you don't need to
you can make Superman work as ultra
powerful it's not about getting into a
fistfight with Superman it's I guess
it's shocking to me how many of you in
chat don't understand Superman because
they don't like Superman in the first
place and they that would make it more
interesting to them sure my guests okay
I get maybe you're right
people just don't like Superman and I
think the answer to that is you just
don't like Superman watch something else
go watch Thor which is a fine movie I'm
not putting down Thor why are you
putting down Thor rich there's fucks go
away
