Rumble in the River City (part 1)
May 7, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5LhVN6q1JFU

Lichter after pushing the button oh
you're right let's rock and that's all
gone now no one heard it I said fucking
waste you guys I said a really cool
one-liner it was a whole thing
we are officially rich three minutes
early that's that's fine you're three
minutes early to the stream welcome
everyone
nobody's gonna complain about that no
one's gonna complain I'm just I'm just
I'm happy for us cuz usually we're like
10 to 15 minutes late for a stream you
you just tell them to earliest start
time is the problem every time have to
know you have to know know cause like
like I always know we're gonna be late
and I always tell my start time like if
we say like oh I'll meet you at the
studio at 6:00
I tell them we're going to start at 7:00
yeah because in my head I'm actually
going to be to the studio by 6:00 but
then stuff comes up and I'm it's usually
me yeah plan on stuff coming up because
that should happen usually me that shit
happens right
talk about your Taco Bell experience I
mean what I love talk about me I'm a big
fan of Taco Bell I love their new told
them you went to get something to eat
and everyone just assumed but it was
Taco Bell oh I did not I went to the
other place that I went to Qdoba called
it I went to Qdoba halted Qdoba is kind
of my go to my go-to place when I'm
eating good because like I get the I get
the burrito bowl with lettuce on the
bottom lettuce beans meat and salsa
which is all like no carb no sugar which
is really good that's that's me being on
diet yeah so it's you know chicken black
beans lettuce and salsa I also get a
little salsa verde for spicy so that's
what yeah that's a salad jack yeah it's
salad so it's great could open up
national Qdoba Qdoba whatever I believe
it's national it's it's a cover some
people saying what the heck is Qdoba
keto was the the place that gives you
the giant burritos you might all you
might have a Chipotle it's like a
fancier Taco Bell yeah it's like a taco
bro that only makes burritos and they're
well known for these jobs they do tacos
too I guess an they're kind of shitty
but then again compared to Taco Bell
all seen any good movies no I haven't
seen any good movies recently I won't be
able to see guardians to till next
weekend
quick quick note for everyone let's not
do any Guardian spoilers i won't i won't
be talking about it rich hasn't seen it
it's only out for a weekend so like no
no guardians spoiler stalker the only
thing I'll say is I didn't much care for
it but no no Guardian spoiler talk oh
this is adorable rich is so excited to
play this game I am I love the original
yeah kiddo buddy I like you dope Annika
dov'è and you know being being on diet
it's a it's a great place to go because
it's a good amount of food and good
amount of protein so yeah I'm a big I'm
a big Qdoba fan nope
19 XX
about 20 years ago sorry jack and what
suck to hate nice things i have very
specific reason Oh am I am I playing
here oh you're playing too oh I'm sorry
you don't have to honest so you got kick
whoa he was tough but we trained hard
for this you can beat him with P and K
or punch and kick keep his head but at
bay by blocking with B and it's never a
bad idea to jump away with J
okay that's B that's K that's punch
great
I'm going in now you gonna get him boom
jump it away jump it away that was a
seven hit combo pretty good pretty good
how you fucker can I hit you
yes okay I'll try not to unless well I
don't know this version maybe it's
turned off but sure you should be able
to hey we level up the higher level the
more you can increase your stats great
money what shit yeah
boom that's good high school yes games
part brawler part RPG really yeah well
weird I believe this is actually the end
of the first game oh yeah yeah if you
tap tap twice and I gotta come in you
okay so anyway I have very specific
reasons why I didn't much care for
guardians I'm not saying good that
guardians is a bad movie I just didn't
much care for it I will get into that as
soon as Richard seen it and we get a
little more time for everyone else but I
have I have my reasons and I believe
that they are the special moves damage
Otis access your move list with forward
from a safe place to learn okay Oh moves
list shoulder lifts awesome dragon feet
we're talking you're talking about a
deck no I'm not talking about I'm saying
not talking about
fun
there I hold him that's a way to do it
and try to remember I do it said like to
do like I can do like a full nelson yeah
it takes time to actually get to know
here we go hit him there you go
you dick me hey i got him
I don't want to talk about the things I
think the thing the thing well I just I
wanted to complete my thought for y'all
is all I wanted to complete my thought
but now we won't be talking about the
thing here's something we can talk about
rich yeah you didn't make it to gain I
hope I'm behind on behind the bleachers
Oh what I do I don't know hey ho can you
get out there yeah
just jump Hey no just hey you do what
you want do we need a man do we need to
be like there's a door up here
oh oh whoa there okay I made it can't go
there so game night yeah you didn't make
it to game at night last night but we we
struggled and we learned a new game yeah
we learned star wars rebellion oh I'm so
sad I couldn't make it
well you I know you're not a Star Wars
person but more importantly it's it's
like this like military strategy game
where you know what one side plays as
the empire and one ply side place is the
rebellion and the rebellion has to like
hide their base and the Empire has to
you dick
yeah the Empire has to like it's the
Empire's jobs just fine okay they know
they're using X input for the Xbox
controllers yes why are they saying
press G because then they only need to
write one thing because like it's the
grab the right bite like I have no idea
what that means G is B it's the grab
button is B what's bla what's a guard is
is G is B let's grab that's not guard
it's both isn't it
oh no oh sorry that's right trigger is
gard okay
yeah uppercut right triggers guard money
money money money money that's been
throwing me off so one one side plays as
the Empire oh shoot oh I'm white you're
blue won't planetside places the
rebellion in the ruling has like hide
their base on one of the planets and the
Empire's whole job is just to find the
rebel base and it's kind of neat its
kind of fun it's a it's really cute but
it like the game is only supposed to
take like an hour to an hour and a half
to play and with set-up time and just
figuring out what the hell was going on
it took us four hours to get through one
game because it was all of our first
time playing and it was it was a bit of
a clusterfuck but I think we haven't
figured out now where next time we play
we'll know what we're doing where are we
going now huh what what wait yeah
how do you hate doing that kick are you
pressing for that for kick my right
shoulder
yeah that's how you punch how weird huh
okay all right where we going where we
going where we going outward stairs
stairs yeah so it was a bit of a rough
night last night trying to figure out
how to play Star Wars rebellion and you
know for for all of us it was our first
time playing but we did and I think it
turned out oh you can pick up guys yeah
you can pick up guys and throw them how
do you pick up like that instead of the
grab in this when they're down okay yeah
we can you can you can pick me up and
throw me that's awesome
it's like double dragon with cute
animations yeah
eat it Punk eat it Punk
or am I the punk never both we're all
Punk's okay cool
I guess you know what we kind of look
like greasers come on let me in it's
probably up more stairs when I guess
you're right I remember the first game
ended on the roof this is probably just
up the stairs Tex is a weapons master
you must have feed him with a weapon
here take this oh shit oh I threw it I
threw my weapon
hope I threw my weapon I'm gonna go see
if I can find it oh I can it's still
there great create Punk you dick hey
great coup in the name
Oh weapons are so much better shit why
am I so terrible today for many reasons
but I don't mean you know it's enough
it's a full moon oh you dick
boo so hey guys I'm really excited about
playing more Star Wars rebellion okay
hopefully was with some some more people
who are a little bit more into kind of
strategic
that'll be good we've also been playing
a lot of there is a there's a Harry
Potter deck building game because to
keep using willpower which provides a
small boost to Santa okay we got wake up
oh oh you dick you threw that bat like
an utter dickhead I'm gonna kick you in
the fucking teeth
hey hey hey you just killed me Rick
are you actually dead yes I didn't know
you're dead look at you you killed me I
was just fucking with you I didn't think
you were dead who kills me you bastard
you come back I don't know buddy just
gone maybe I come back at the end of the
level
we've been playing I hear there's a game
called Harry Potter Hogwarts or Hogwarts
battle and it's a it's a deck building
Harry Potter game that's meant for
children who are reading the books yeah
and you can actually go through there's
seven levels through the game that goes
through kind of each books and then each
level is like harder and harder
difficulty which is really neat so you
know my 9 year old is just loving it
because he's all about the Harry Potter
and it's not a bad game you know
deck-building oh look it are you going
hey buddy are you are you her no oh wait
ok what I don't know I don't know what's
that how's that breasts nice wait she
went down here
I think I know okay
Oh who's that apparently I hit the wall
oh man you really have to time those
grabs
how oh I'm sorry did I kill you you know
you know blow me check hate a man while
he's down that's why that's what they
taught me this way to do it oh the
dragon twins
I hate the way they have the buzz label
in the tutorial I hate it how money fuck
you
you know what you're a dickhead you know
that we planning on streaming the Friday
the 13th game well we probably will well
maybe maybe you shouldn't killed there
maybe you should maybe you should kill
shit maybe shouldn't kill me think about
that
my problem was I kept going for the
brass knuckles and I should not yeah
yeah
this is great it's great I'm feeling
pretty good about this why not well well
I'm sorry sports sports get Jay for
Friday the 13th stream
Jay Jay comes when he pleases you might
come for a Friday the 13th stream he
might if I got eat it eat my uppercut oh
shit
eat it
planning on playing prey at all I will
be honest with you I have no idea what
praise you Inc I I have seen the name
around I've seen it being discussed but
I don't know what prey is so I'm going
on what you know we just got a double
difficulty so I was like ooh maybe and
then around that corner stop running
into walls a long time to open oh shit
what the f does he have psychic powers
eat golf club or pipe am i doing any
damage hit him him I didn't want to hit
you
nice
classic hit'em praise pray to I still
don't know what pray to is I'm sorry
pray is Bioshock with xenomorph Pokemon
that that sentence does not compute with
me I'm really sorry
one of prays really good has been
playing again
pray for pray a b-tier FPS not unlike
Bioshock ok well that sounds fun
maybe we'll look into that Cindy was
rescued so she could finish because I
happen in time to finish her shadow my
god I love it great
all right come on a box go on a barf oh
wait she breakdance
she's the brain you want to be heard you
like the breakdance I like I saw I saw
the breakdancing in the in the beginning
and I want to breakdance da button Rach
have you ever been in a fistfight very
very like honest kid for what that's
worth it's not worth much yeah
I couldn't salmiak no I have I don't
know anything about the French election
I think that was today though oh there's
a demo you can download on PC for prey
there we go now we're talking free demo
yeah like free demos now attacking I
like free demos did I see anchorman 3 I
did I didn't even know there was an
anchorman 3
what the fuck is cheap I hate that so
much G is B that's great still it
shouldn't be G right is jump and what's
s what's s crap on me jump jab you know
you're using this controller I saw
something about this is like a you know
note you have to have a X input capable
of controller which basically means the
Xbox controller they know the button
layout they know what the buttons are
labeled yeah just use that
huh what's s from swimming that's the
special that's the oh sure okay so then
if I go jump in special I do a broken
propeller I was just trying to see some
of the moves so then I could go whoa I
don't know if I'm supposed to be
fighting you but I am like we just fight
everybody in these games right um you
don't have to know okay great oh wait
mine we could just be beating up
civilians Jack I think that's what I did
yeah they're not trying to punch us or
well you're beating dudes up great you
know what I want to practice my moves so
that's what I'm gonna do
yeah money money
see this guy he's gonna get beat the
fuck up oh yeah he's thrusting he gets
beat up okay come here
oh hey watch your kicks dog
nope okay where do we go I don't know I
have no idea how about a back to the gym
all right second science man what are
you doing in here huh he's saying things
in Fame dialog the random bugs you beat
up safe things when you're beating a mom
what we got sent to the principal's
office because I beat up my teacher Oh
God
hey principal suck it that's one of the
characters from Double Dragon yeah
that's great
get out of my head get out of my school
principal suck ass ow we got
oh shit
like we're probably not supposed to be
fighting him but you know here we are so
ow
now we're doing too good oh we beat him
yes take that principle you Inc oh wow
you just do that like bumping it in if
you rob you run if you're running when
you do it okay so see if there's any
secret area okay now we did it rich we
beat the principal yes that does look
like a Wampus skin rug
any chance for another stream of near at
automata possibly maybe maybe not I have
no strong feelings on playing near
automata
I just cannot grab anybody here was that
you know
way up
oh fuck I died rosada ng in full I don't
know how to get to Full Nelson how do I
get into a full nelson
there's so much to learn jack up in g in
full now is that where you grab them
from behind is that a full Molson sorry
that's fine trying to get back in it
can't get back in it oh you're dead huh
you're dead Jack how much do I need to
donate for mod in shat moderators were
here before nominations they're not
there it's not a donation kind of thing
no our mods were here before we had
donations you're mad because you you
want to dedicate your own time yeah and
we trust you my feelings my feelings on
Nier automata are just kind of mad we
had a we started playing near right
after we did horizon and Zelda and we
just we just did a shit ton of these
open-world games oh here's the gym right
that was downstairs was a janitor there
I think we have beat up the janitor room
are you gonna get us sent back to the
principal's office Jack fuck yeah I am
but we already kicked his ass oh shit
he's back
alright well let's just leave
ah second principle principal suck ass
I'm like we got a time of it up here so
it was wrong - what I don't know okay
come on downstairs oh there we go one
downstairs Oh Oh what is it
alright alright maybe they all went in
here yeah if they didn't go in here
alright uh-huh oh look at the chalkboard
ah what if we go to the princes office
for now we just walked into a classroom
oh did you hit someone I didn't hit
someone I mean I was trying to but I
didn't that's good let's see what for
you let's go downstairs again let's go
downstairs again we can figure this out
rich he was a janitor
excuse me janitor okay maybe down over
here
yeah yeah oh it's science let's that's
black science man that's that is this
his formal name it's his black that's
black science man yeah
I'm on your head now not Neil or
something like that just black science
man there's a there's a funny picture
with him with his face going around
that's that's like you know something
something so says black science man it's
it's a thing I don't know where to go or
what what's happen I know I know I'm not
too keen about that particular fact
myself right now oh we got a tire uh-huh
you got a tear go to that classroom this
one
what the fuck please beat the fuck out
of me
okay Oh
suck it
nope
oh I see we're both trying to learn the
same thing up and guard no Oh up in
guard is that is that not well we might
have different moves no I hate like Oh
me
I call me jerk jock Let Go me jock jams
nope
fine fine I'll just you know what I'll
just kick you oh yeah your skeleton kid
don't hit anyone in the classroom
everyone ran into that we didn't hit
anyone you were flattered flailing
around fist everywhere so it's possible
that you hit someone I guess was it this
one it was it I think they were in this
one hideout Rio this is the hideout
which she said hideout reached okay find
your seats we have lots to cover
look oh he looks great look at that guy
buh buh buh
what does anyone smoke at Harlem no no
one of the Deb's is in the chat right
now Oh my gourd
we couldn't find where we were going dev
sorry okay wait hey the flock is my gang
he's talking about us this almost
explains why Chris hasn't been around
lately oh there's a Bobo
ha ha ha a Bobo ate bad students
okay
Enoch Kapur tried to get out the door
and I could not do it no no I'm dead
you're dead yeah I'm dead gazebo
murdered me get out this door ah stupid
cops ha ha ha ha
cops good in any universe yeah you're
suck it suck a duck wake up
whoo okay where we going I don't know
down Oh a janitor's job sure that sounds
great great down as an option now
perfect perfect I'm dead I'm I should be
out I lost all my power you're back
you're back
oh I'm sorry I punched that guy then he
punch me back which I guess made sense
because I punched him but wait what's
happening
I can't move cuz I unplugged my
controller rich why the fuck did you do
that because I unplugged it because I
moved it shit there we go okay I'm here
while we're fighting people now we're
fighting people now I said I'm doing
damn it
read the tips y'all will get their coats
right off we'll get their concrete you
just you were playing a little River
City ransom ever loved them yeah money
yeah yeah money are we going down or
what huh ah okay well that way Jimmy
jabs uh let's just double-check yeah
what's over there
wait this is that a rock yes great open
okay not that way
down we go hit the wall I hit the wall
hey I threw a rock at the cop rich eat
it pig shit shit out that right I want
that rock oh I killed me
I want that rock well thank God one of
us had the good sense leave
ah you have a kill jack you got me
killed
I got you killed yeah you threw somebody
at my face
what somebody who threw landed on baby I
I don't have any record left somebody
did a goddamn somersaults on their own I
don't have any recollection of this I
think you're making it up I think you're
trying to smear my good name I think
this is uh this is a smear tactic Lou
oh man that oh god you guys stop going
out of a fucking mirror we're not
playing that tonight right Jesus Christ
look you can call rich look climb with
the motherfucking fence all I want to
get up there yeah yeah guys get it
together how about that how about you
just take a little moment you get it the
go upstairs and to the right baseball
bat oh fuck you kid you leave a room and
come back so I can respond yes shit
I want that baseball bed
okay I'm leaving I have my baseball bat
all right we go back down up to the
right to the right
Oh to the right yeah hey guys like these
guys apparently we do or apparently we
do shit shit fuck you every time I get a
bat you guys take it away from me
turn your dickhead okay they go
yeah bit of them cops cafeteria
sure sure went in oh my god so what
someone threw an ice at me and now mice
fuck games hard it's old-school Jack
sure you threw a guy at me
well well turn about Jack turn about
some of a bitch rich wait they're
fighting each other who's that guy are
you friend or enemy
that was a workout I could use a snack
I think he's friend yeah oh great oh
come on alright great dunk him
oh we gonna be a character okay
I'll try the boxer who were you I was
the yellow guy
I'll try uh I'll try the Mike the
grappler not Glen who was no way
affiliated with the walking dead wait
wait wait wait for me well god this
guy's fast whew
flying uppercut
instead of kicks its rights and left's
oh that's neat
sorry I'm on that's right
okay the Hat is clearly rich Evans he
has an R and I said that's true that's
true does anyone use grapple moves I I
seem to be able to grab people and then
like do a little more damage maybe I
don't know near beer take care for the
breakdancing huh I'd like to break
dancing I just didn't want to you know
wanted to try out some oh wait what's
this
nope nope huh
maybe we're just supposed to get our
friend and then now we're supposed to
have a tea bag maybe down it's so
looking at the champ
you were what looking at the champ I got
knocked off screen there
you cannot defeat the blob the blob is
immovable that's just sounded like the
Bob nothing can stop the blob shit shit
shit
get it get out of my get out of my zone
get out of my zone copper fucking who
the fuck if I slew the fuck Isis me
probably the nerds with chemicals so yep
it's the son of a son of AB or CH get
off my shit get off my shit
what I was fucked oh I was fucking
behind it what
who's that's check out the vent in the
vent end of it okay great whoo whoo jump
up jump wait wait wait wait
all right I'm gonna jump in the one I'm
not much of you dump anything up there
ah yeah no all right
new what what we're going sewer surfing
nope nope how did you do this run run
and jump Oh bump did you know what I'll
take a little time is that yeah yeah
I'll take a little I'll take a little
dead time to do zips hey Oh everybody
okay so from a neo axe so hey guys hope
you're having a good evening I have to
ask though jack what the hell is up with
the poo-poos and peepees song it was a
silly little song that I made a while
ago and I thought it was a goofy thing
and I liked the song so I recorded it
and made a little video with the song
that's the that's the intense story of
the poo-poos peepee song there we go
it was just a song that I was singing
one day and I thought it was funny and
so I made a dumb video which I know
that's the intense story that you want
behind the poo-poos peepee song but
that's that's all I gots
ah and some people like sharing it that
video I think they are so comically and
terrible it's terrible and like so I
think like I think they hope to like
embarrass me by sharing it but it's just
like it's just a dumb song I did man
so every once in a while like I'll see
that that like really chock up and views
that's just like oh man who oh what what
what we go in the mario pipe no we can't
go in the mario but that is totally the
mario fight yes has 100% the mario pipe
absolutely oh oh we know you guys we
don't have to fight you okay great the
hey pass me a beer video went viral
again it did it did it got shared by a
lad Bible which is a popular website
which is great you know doing very very
well over there and you know it's one of
them that's one of those videos that
every once in a while just recycles
those past me and be your videos I love
them let's see here
David in Oh people says Pinot Noir
caviar my Annie Mar mid-sized car you
don't have to be pop you love find out
who your true friends are can't wait for
the new season of Kimmy Schmidt which
comes out May 19th also playing justice
Kimmy Schmidt's a great game what are we
doing Oh hope you did it
Kimmy Schmidt is a fantastic show and I
really enjoy it you know we play all of
the wrong games what do we want to be
playing near and pray right and not this
not this
Oh God Ladd Bible is stealing your views
in people's contents oh it could be look
if I'm linking to your video or
sometimes they steal like and it just
like I get on that huh then get on that
well oh no and see like for the past me
of your video that's that's a commercial
that's not my video that's old
Milwaukee's video so they don't care who
uploads it okay you know as long as
people see it
so oh shit oh shit oh my god what is
happening
I just want to successfully grab someone
from behind that's what I want
ah I'm sorry
Oh up and GART no no Alex you ruined my
chance to do the move no it's not that
was often guard I died
Khan cretin that says I just finished
Castlevania Symphony of the Night for
the first time the game is 20 years old
but I think it holds up today
you guys have an opinion on the opinion
on any of the Castlevania game I like
the first one didn't care much for the
second one but that was most people
I don't know what's happening
Oh a lot of people object huh beating a
lot of people love that I don't I don't
feel like I am Bob neither of us are no
no we're about that because we both died
character select huh
you don't character select I just I poke
right hurly-burly
the hurly-burly she let's try to do a
hurly-burly
oh that's card Oh God
I'm a dummy I'm a dummy rich hey oh
that's not you
god dammit son of a bitch speaking of
Simon's quest what a horrible time for
this cursed Knight has certain effects
take place only at night so plan
accordingly
oh man oh man oh man that's a deep cut
Oh feel like I'm doing this wrong I feel
like I'm doing this all wrong rich
alright let's see what we got here
um dis chair says speaking of cute pixel
art beat em ups with RPG elements you
guys should check out wandering souls
it's a largely unknown free indie game
that is fast paced fun for the whole
team do you just want to do champ stuff
I don't like playing this game sure how
do i how do i bow out how I bow out I
don't want to exit to title I don't know
how about
oh shit you just knocked me down to the
subway
hey eat it eat it bad guys ow
yeah oh and just not go
Oh keep macking me out
Oh does he had not have a double-jump
that's fire they might double jumps
robably something that can get unlocked
sure out all right let's see what we got
here yeah we keep hearing stuff about
wandering Souls I think mostly from you
guys in chat but we have not played it
yet
baba Yaga lawless is I commend you guys
for completing the bayonetta missile
stage inverted but it is possible to
uninvite the controller in that section
thanks for the pc hype a which way to
which section the missile section trying
to run trying to remember which one that
is
I you know what it says you can invert
or uninvite the controls but they didn't
seem to do anything during the missile
section which is the missile section
again where Bane is riding on the
missile the starfox section oh go yeah
Jesus Christ that's the most awful thing
yeah so it says you can but I tried
inverting both and nothing seemed to
change how you controlled the missile so
I thought it was a bit of B to the s
obviously we we talked about it
my mother money money money
hey guys come with me if you want to
live oh that's that's a no-go Oh
son of a bitch
to have a practice screen for hue just
practice combos cuz I know be neat
I would love that well while trying to
monitor chat and do tips it's a hard
time to learn combos who did I don't
know them ah let them work out so well I
think we need to fight these dudes oh I
do have them especially did a specialty
do yeah how do you do that a double tap
on the right shoulder oh I don't have a
specialty boot
where's my specialty do you probably
have
Oh
Wow
that was a legally distinct Dinobot yes
let's go over here
grappling players special is a grapple
yeah but I don't know how to I don't
know how to do it try grapple and the
special button nope
yeah nope I'm just gonna punch him I
have a poke
I got a poke the purple ones the bad guy
that's who we're going after right now
the papal one oh you know you're not the
bad guy even though you're in purple
pants bgb lives is jacked
you should try little nightmares if you
haven't already put this money towards
it it's a platformer puzzler with great
atmosphere and creepy moments yes that
did that does look good I remember there
was some confusion last time someone had
told us it was made by the limbo people
other people just said no it just looks
like it's made by the limbo people so
just one of those that it kind of looks
like limbo or inside Ariel here we go
I'll take a little break yeah I'll take
a little breaker breaky pool and catch
up on chat and tips
the other two people who are fighting
with rich are like the old heroes from
the old game right
playing is one of them now oh you're
playing is one of them now nice okay lah
Jesus hey guys not only is today my
birthday but I also graduated college
today thanks for helping keep me not
bored these past four years get off me
you damn dirty dingus well
congratulations on college and happy
birthday Lahab we appreciate you being
around Doctor Doom it up says hey guys
have you heard have you heard of or
played alien nation it's just like
Helldivers no really I'm not joking it
actually is just like Helldivers fun
twin stick shooter fighting aliens I
know the the movie in the TV show I
can't imagine it's a licensed top-down
twin-stick shooter based off of the
alien nation TV show I don't remember I
don't remember much gunplay yeah ooh I
only got two dollars at 60 cents oh I'll
practice
so here's your here's your answer jack
this is the that's where you practice
the combos that's great that is great
dick gently says hi guys I'm proposing
to my girlfriend soon and I want to let
her father know beforehand so he knows
that I respect him and his blessing any
suggestions on what to say
lol tickle my Dickel I I recommend don't
say tickle my Dickel how do you see the
castle crashers in the background and oh
look isn't that uh what's that indie
game that you like hyper light drifter
hyper light drifter of course need hyper
light drifter 'he's back there I'm sure
that other guy is someone oh that's neat
uh you know I don't I don't know man
that's that's up to you I mean is
g-guard or grapple I assume geeze
grapple because I'm gonna get behind one
of these guys from Frank site here I go
oh why isn't he doing the move I'll try
the other one
up and G up in g shoulder lift up in G
in Full Nelson yeah
there like that that just hole does that
it doesn't do like uh yeah I think it
just holds okay that's less exciting
than than you think uh yes yes it is uh
so you know uh if you want to ask
permission from your girlfriend's father
I would say hey I want to ask your
daughter to marry me that's where I
would start when he says no huh what if
he says no thank I say there you go well
too bad right
too bad some some people like it's a
it's one of those things it's a
tradition I honestly forgot whether or
not I did it I might have I might have
talked to Lisa's dad first but I don't
remember to be quite honest with you so
why bother anyway you know some people
like it and you know what if if you're
thinking about asking her father you
probably know that her father would
appreciate if they're really old-school
yeah but I mean of course if you've been
around for this long anyway I could only
presume you're living together you had
you you know hang out with the family
often enough where they just know it's
coming you don't I think the tradition
goes back to when you would you would
date someone and you know like you
wouldn't you wouldn't move in before you
got married you would go right from
dating to marriage and I've always
talked to people about this like just
move in with someone before you're going
to marry them get get in their personal
space for a little bit I I did not ask
Karen's father for Johnson
partly because you know I live in a
different friggin state okay that's fair
partly because I never honestly I never
thought to oh I I never even thought to
it's not a tradition like that comes my
head often I roll right right no I think
it comes from a time when you know men
and women moved a little slower or
whatever but at this point you guys
should probably be living together you
know I'm sure he knows that it's coming
I think I know it's got to happen here
right this big box
this is Meck Meck Tech then you find out
they're horrible snores they wash their
underwear in the sink next to clean
clothes that are drying they fart up the
bathroom knowing you're next and they
are terrible cook yes Wow look at that
and that's that's why you need to move
in with someone before you get married
to them you need to you to two people
need to share a space that you can't get
away from you can't go back to your to
your own corners and and then if you can
survive that then you should get married
but yeah spend some time and annoy each
other spend some time to really get it
to under each other's skin does a
significant amount of damage oh yeah
Dots85, James, says, James Rolfe
AVGN had an auction selling props
scripts and shit for 20k he donated all
to nonprofits Children Hospital Wish rlm
came up with something like that to
charity streams or anything we've talked
about that about charity streams never
got around to it
Wow were jerks where I'm we're all so
horrible jerks
we'll see if we imagine the anger video
game nerd pulls in more than wait I have
no idea I have no idea rich perhaps
wikis a cultural icon ok sure sure
well look into it how about that oh I
don't know anonymous is the other day I
got Mike's I got a worm in my asshole
song stuck in my head
congratulations I kept cracking up
around the office have you guys ever
gotten fun it's something funny stuck in
your head at the wrong time never laugh
at a funeral no something like that not
that I can think of but you know there
are worse songs to get stuck in your
head then I've got a worm in my asshole
so
okay let's see here wut WTF Jack I
requested that you sign my copy of space
cop once for each of your on-screen
roles and you didn't even sign it once
now I'm all disappointed I don't even
have a player to watch this was did you
did you ask for Jack to sign it when
when you when you purchased it
Brad L Brad l23 did you specifically ask
for me to sign it in the paypal notes
section specifically did you
specifically ask for me to sign it if
you asked for something just generically
signed yeah it's just gonna be me, Mike, and Jay
that's because that's usually
what it is everyone here assumes that if
someone says I want it signed it's by
you know the three people who are here
all the time right if you specifically
say I want it signed by ow
Jay Mike rich and Jack that's how I can do
it and if you did specifically asked for
me to sign it
well yeah I was specific about it then
you have to yell at Mike and Jay because
here here's here's how here's how it
works for me signing things when I come
here on Sundays and Wednesdays and then
you know if there's ever like a best of
the worst shooter or whatever that in
the office they are there are usually
things laid out with little notes that
says Jax I'm is Jax I miss Jax I miss I
signed them all and that's how it works
they have to lay it out for me if it was
not laid out for me I didn't see it so I
didn't sign sign anything so you have to
yell at Mike and Jay for that Mike and or
Jay and I'm very sorry bruh Dell that Mike
and jr. terrible listeners and terrible
business people the blame game yeah
pretty much I mean Jake is not at fault
here if there was something in there for
him to sign it would be sitting there
over the notes is Jack signed this Jack
sigh yep
would attention Jack Packard on the
letter front be enough as if it says
have Jack sign it once for each of his
on-screen roles
wait letter a letter what do you mean
letter Oh No
did they send in the cover in the mail
no no he said he wrote a PayPal note the
other thing you can do
Verdell is send us the insert back mail
it back to us and say hey you guys
messed up
I want a jack to sign this I will then
sign it and again put it a little note
that says hey once for each of your
on-screen roles all right I suck too
much to make money really second bad
hair tonight huh so I'm very sorry bird
up mr. Steve Harvey Oswald's as rich did
anyone give you shit for eating a cop
hotdog with ketchup in space cup what do
you mean you had a hotdog would just
catch it why is that I why is it a give
you shit kind of thing it's it's a weird
it's is that that's uh that's very
minimalistic condiment wise hmm I hate
mustard
I know you hey Mel Street I really like
well you know I was just simple what we
had to I mean we had dogs and I got some
ketchup in the fridge fun well cuz you
like anyone with mustard
what'd you do I'm gonna do catch a
bedbug you don't want an empty dog you
that look that'll that looks weird yeah
you need something on it you need
something on a little mustard or a
little ketchup on it's fine but it's
comma we had
I need to stop being bad let's see here
and Jack I know you like vey Might Be
Giants you dig ween at all like like
everyone who grew up in the 90s I was
obsessed with their push the little
daisies and make them come up song you
remember that song you're pushing a
little put your little daisies in up and
come up push your little daisies and
make them come up Oh weand was yeah no
it's oh it's so weird Ritchie with you
would probably not like them at all
there it's there like a weird art rock
band and what about Primus I love Primus
I'm down with Primus all the time my
name is mud
but yeah we and I don't really know them
besides push the little daisies and make
them come up and that and their their
cameo appearance in NV its Pat movie did
you hurt CD it's Pat movie and
apparently not oh yeah you're familiar
with it we was a was a special guest on
the its patents I have to beat up this
imposter
yes you do I might like ween I just you
know I heard the pushed a little Daisy
song and that's Jack nobody thought it
was a fantastic failure I saw it
I watched it right right before I watch
Stewart saved his family if you remember
that other classic SNL movie Stewart
saves his family anonymous says hey guys
just finished playing blood-borne I
found the storytelling so fascinating I
was able to write a 16 page research
paper on it for a history class and get
a 95 thanks for the recommendation fuck
yeah
blood-borne is a great game great game
in a great world full of history full or
it's also a world that you can very
easily ignore all of that history and
lore and just slice up monsters it's the
best of both worlds rich
ooh wasps guys cool whoa nice hurricane
kick hurricane kick some blue guy in
chances hey guys since you were checking
tips now I'd like to suggest that you
guys try out everything yes that's the
name it's a weird game on Steam where
you can play as literally everything in
existence I've heard of this title I've
heard of this title everything
nerd Oh a doesn't running head button
there's a running head button yeah
nice I like this character
let's see what we got here
I missed the shopping centers that
didn't have a bunch of enemies running
around them though anonymous is Jack any
thoughts on the latest Fargo episode
three the law of non-contradiction lots
of great guests cinematography and
references in this one before returning
to the real plot yeah that was a weird
that was a weird detour fruit I mean Mac
from his Always Sunny was in there and
that was great and of course he played
the best role that Mac can play which is
a dickhead police officer and that was
fantastic
but it it was very strange they just
didn't have a ton to do with the main
thrust of the story but I can kick some
ass with this guy okay cool I'm enjoying
that nice but uh it's still a fine
episode fine episode it was just it was
just weird cuz like nothing really
happened like the only thing that
happened was the the characters on the
show finally caught up with what the
audience is already knew so it was weird
it was fine it was good acting though
like it always is Fargo's Fargo's good
TV man
Fargo's good TV anonymous says hey guys
I hope you got my gift from GOG from
Wednesday you guys are great I always
enjoy your streams even when you're
playing a game I don't care for ya you
gifted us the the Star Wars game on GOG
appreciate that I think that was the one
you were talking about with us saying it
was a very good game we did get that and
thank you we appreciate it
the mess was true you did learn a lot
about the stepfather but you know does
that really matter what are you doing
about them I'm trying to have a
conversation about Fargo without
spoiling anything Oh in case anyone
hasn't seen season three yet so it's
good TV rich it's good TV all right
that's what it is anonymous is rich
do you like Mario yeah why wouldn't I if
so what is your favorite Mario game 2d
or 3d it's a kind of different beast
2d uh from the world it's my world let's
get all it's a fine choice fine choice
3d sunshine actually Oh sunshine is
beautiful I am sunshine doesn't get
enough credit nobody liked the the water
guns and I thought the water guns were
fun
Oh water gums great addition yeah water
gun was super fun hover nozzle for life
ha right or spring good how do we make
platforming in 3d not suck so much and
it's just such a great idea I always
loved the spring the ground in front of
you so you could like slide and go super
fast those awesome yeah Super Mario
Galaxy had some really fun levels - I
liked that a lot
- I got my River City back on do it rich
you got it um yeah
some are makers fantastic which is just
like Super Mario forever Jack do you
like beer oh come on anonymous haven't
you been around of course I like beer if
so what is your favorite alcoholic drink
thanks guys yeah beers my favorite
alcoholic drink and it's getting real
close to summertime which means we are
almost to summer beer season which is a
grapefruit Rob ler and gin over ice
which is one of my favorites if not I
enjoy
Caze anything with a really where with a
really high alcohol content so I don't
have to drink too many of them as I'm
trying to be very calorie conscious from
Fire Emblem fangirl says thanks to you
and our lamb over the past two years as
I have fought breast cancer the laughs
helped me get through the days stuck in
the hospital or in my bed keep up the
good work well hey first thank you good
good keep up that fight man that if this
if listening to some assholes chitter
and chatter helps you with your fight
that's the heck that's great
those are the messages that make it AJ
yeah all right just makes you make go
the cockles the cockles of my heart
they're all warm oh this guy kicks ass
Jackie drink summer Shandy no no I don't
know I don't much care for summer Shandy
I forget who makes it the someone makes
a this grapefruit rod ler it's like a
grapefruit juice soda beer that you have
over ice with like two fingers of gin
and it's beautiful how many times is
rich going to go into the screen where
should I go next yeah I know I'm trying
to I'm honest I'm just trying to grind a
bit you're grinding forecasts oh yeah
learn new moves yeah yeah
whoa whoa settle down rich let's see
here I thought maid says vine sauce is
having a charity stream soonish and as a
big fan
why not ask to be a small-time guest
that way you can make fun of girls
losing their hair to their faces wait
what why are we making fun of girls
losing their hair what have we ever done
this look at the charity if we're done
what are you talking about I've on mage
making fun of girls losing hair first of
all we were making fun of the breast
cancer when we never did no no I think
this is this is something else first of
all I would never make fun of anyone
losing their hair look at me I can't say
anything about anybody's hair so I have
no idea what you're talking about there
I thought mage that's that's a very
weird statement probably probably a joke
that made sense in I've on mages head
yeah and if we just don't get it
we'll see if I have on mage has any sort
of explanation for his joke hey get out
of there you fuck yep yeah fuck I don't
some I've on mages not explaining I'm a
delegate oh hey Bannon Rudess is back
and is apparently the dev of the game
Bannon Rudess rich has finally found a
character that I think I'll get my
groove on yeah
kicks a ton of ass in so he's grinded
for some cash at the moment but yes we
might it might what we might need some
help finding out where to go Bannon
Rudess is here in the chat anyone want
to talk to one of the game devs if
Bannon Brutus is a game dev he also just
that could just be some random person
saying I'm a game dev that is always
possible we have no confirmation of this
presumably I don't think is there a way
to go up there probably up there I think
we went up there
we've already been talking to him but
did anyone confirm that it's really him
it's great that you've all been talking
to him but I know we've been talking to
him you just noticed yeah ow shit all
right I need food oh god run run you
have money
I know I have money I know spend your go
spend your money where do I get food I
want to lose all the money well go spend
it go spend your money
so what are you going where you go Snack
attacks clothes rich why are they closed
Oh God the mechs gonna come isn't it oh
do you stuff to defeat the mech Omega
nope nope want food oh I don't want to
any golf course I like mini-golf but not
right now you're gonna run into it
you're gonna run into an embosser Ridge
this is not a smart strategy I need to
say Jack I've ever seen don't be a
menace to South Central while drinking
your juice in the hood yes yes I have
I've seen many of the way enza's or the
the the Wayans brothers parody movies in
general I enjoy that one that's a fine
parody don't be a menace I also enjoy
their I'm gonna get you sucka go see
that one I'm gonna get you maybe when I
first came out but that was a long time
ago now if that killed you risk if
that's no just go back to the gym and
just spend your money right probably the
best idea and then figure out figure out
the whole getting food business later
Monty Python sure I like my Python
everybody likes my Python
they're funny dudes they're funny dudes
so the mechai gone for good
did I miss my chance at the beat in the
Met game if I have to go up to the box
again
but even standing by the box ok I will
see we'll see the blue prism says hey
fellas good evening I'm still playing
through thief gold since rich
recommended it to me a week or so ago
and I'm liking it very much good rich do
you consider metal metal age to be
better than
Gold from a gameplay perspective
perspective yes from stories perspective
no but okay well there you go Chris for
a while oh oh I don't have enough for
the biggest son someone jump knuckle
we'll get it we'll get right we're gonna
jump get a jump knuckle bosses show up
when you clear a room mrs. Bannon so you
need to clear the arcade first I guess
okay all right all right
gut kick or a goal kick what's the
difference a gut kick might stun someone
goal kick might kick them away which
could be very helpful
stay golden Ponyboy stay golden there
you go okay there oh oh why am I not
dead what that's a great question let's
see here's some blue guy chances to
expand on eyes on mages tip that vine
sauce charity stream is coming up soon
and I think a little crossover stream
that day would be great I think Jenny
would really appreciate it
since he's a fan we talked to Vinny we
were on his show that Vinny vine sauce
right yeah we did a little we did a
little thing with venom not against the
idea right if if Vinny is looking for
people you know I'm sure he'll reach out
so you know I grew up with the Canadian
Monty Python kids in the hall all kids
in the hall is beautiful that's a
beautiful show always beautiful kids in
the home
let's say here huff hearted says hey
Jack have you been keeping up with
Doctor Who if so what do you think of
Capaldi writ uh rich give it another
shot
much like Star Trek it gets much better
as it develops I watched like most of a
season and it wasn't doing it for me man
I don't know no I don't know like
obviously I'm a big Doctor Who fan and
if rich made it through most of season
one and still isn't convinced more
doctor isn't going to convince him
because it's it kind of just distills
from that you might want to give it a
try once the new doctor comes in once
it's no longer under that cart because a
lot of people like David Tennant better
right but I hear you I hear you Ricky oh
oh you don't need to right in the face
saying I know I have not watched I
haven't watched in a long time I don't
think I stopped watching a little bit
after the the Angels Take Manhattan
which is and then the season after that
I I stopped watching a couple episodes
in because it had gotten so bad and
every episode was getting worse and the
doctor was making terrible decisions
that the doctor would make and then
switching his character halfway through
it I thought the writing was really bad
so I haven't seen any of Capaldi and I
know there's a new companion who I
haven't seen anything of and once once
Moffitt's done being the showrunner
maybe I'll start watching again but
Moffat has absolutely screwed the pooch
as far as Doctor Who's concerned in in
my opinion
and I hated I hated what was her name
Clara who's the companion
Barbarella barber if I hit Barbarella I
hated her she was terrible chicken
flavored chicken too we we will not be
discussing guardians to because rich
hasn't seen it a lot of people on the
chat haven't seen it a lot of people
chat haven't seen it just came out this
weekend here in the States
the only thing I'll say is I I didn't
much care for it and I'll get into that
more after rich sees it we can have it
we can have a proper discussion about
guardians to I remember seeing the first
guardians with you and Jay and Mike and
both you and I kind of came out feeling
the same way for the first guardians
which was like yeah yeah yeah yeah he's
fine it's the third act that kills it
for me right I really hate the last
chunk of that movie yeah and but it was
it was just really funny cuz like both
Mike and Jay coming out of the first
guardians were like wow that was really
great and both rich and I were like so
I'm not that great you know you know fun
characters fun characters um
Starkiller I will go into in-depth
explanation as soon as I have someone to
talk to with it about so rich will see
it will have a nice big long
conversation about why I didn't much
care for it
I've heard mochi I've heard Peter
Capaldi's doctor who is good I'm it's
Matt Smith was never my doctor who
problem that I liked Matt Smith as the
doctor Moffat as showrunner was the
problem I didn't like him I didn't like
Clara the the companion I thought she
was super weak you know I know the real
fan but I don't I all so don't want to
spoil it because like a lot of my issues
will go into spoiler territory 'he's
breaking news what reports of mugging at
grotto mall i almost hit a civilian oh
you got the cops called on you yes I did
oh my god rich I don't know if I
mentioned this you guys are the only
game review people I wanted to play this
game top of the list truly so this
pleases me ever so by the way says
Bannon Rudess rich vana we came in III I
didn't really prove some reason I didn't
hear about this yeah I heard about this
earlier today and I just like we're
playing this tonight that was the thing
we were talking about we shot a thing
earlier today and usually we show up and
kind of hem and haw about what we're
gonna play you gotta play well maybe
maybe name whatever arts whatever you
want to play it's very loose here but
today rich like he woke up early he
texted me out of what 11 o'clock
texting me of bright and early at 11:00
this morning to be like we are playing
River City ransom underground today
alright all right rich all right I want
to fight that mech guy van that in this
little health okay i'll granny maybe
I'll get something else
what cause one of the cops go away what
are the mechanics behind the police
that's a great question do they not stop
until you've been caught what's say you
Bannon Rudess hey how do we get these
cops off our nuts the man the man's
keeping us down we got a problem with
the man and they're keeping us down
shark's piercing you have to go back
into the safe house to make them go away
okay how do I refill my health I haven't
seen like a food store or Bannon says
you can defeat everyone in an area and
hide in a dumpster
that's a parent Lee a real thing or get
on a subway you can get on a subway so
look into that they're gonna getting in
a subway I'm kind of curious what
healing Bannen we need to heal how do we
heal that step mother I'd like to not
resolve myself to lose half my money
which I just did Oh wah wah wah
West Coast has the most important
question for your ban and also when is
this coming out on the switch so we can
play it on the toilet
that's a great question this is supposed
to come up with which I know I told you
about this and you're like I said that
bring a controller you like what what's
wrong with your your switch job thing oh
I assumed it was a switch because well
because you said bring your pro
controller so I thought you meant like
the Nintendo no no the Xbox the Xbox one
right so I I this this is old-school
Nintendo I assume it'll be on the switch
this is prime you gotta get a publicist
I just heard about this today he says
like the original game the items never
say what they do but you have to get
food you have to get food oh god I need
to find a shop that sells food out or I
can make them way too that our Kade well
I got some health and fight the guy oh
yeah try to fight back yeah
remember that movie the interview with
Seth Rogen and James Franco and North
Korean man remember how everyone forgot
it five minutes after came out I do and
by the way I think the interview is a
really funny movie I generally don't
care for Seth Rogen but I genuinely
laughed at the interview so remember you
have to defeat everyone else first yeah
yeah but I really liked the interview I
thought they had that had some quality
gags quality games by the way I'm kind
of insulted by your stock nerds here
that's a it's a horrible ugly stereotype
it's also it's an ugly story it's also
that old-school kind of game where it's
full of stereotype
yeah I know in Chad I know Mike and J
really likes guardians too I watched I
watched their their half in the bag last
night on it and I just disagree with
them which is ok oh oh you broke
Commission reports of vandalism at the
arcade rich nice can you get in the
mecca he gets out
shit she taking me to the room what what
he brought you into the bathroom he
ended the fight by bringing me into the
bathroom how very strange how very very
strange I'm entitled my wrong opinion
Thanks three market like it we'll get
into this
how long so you need to like defeat
everyone yeah how crazy
how weird how very very weird right
let's see here oh gee Archimedes has
first time watching live been watching
our LEM for years thanks for all the
great entertainment well thanks for
watching love them you love them we
appreciate you watching Anonymous's
weird question have either of you ever
pulled a muscle in your diaphragm no I
did the other day just from unexpected
sneeze and it hurts to just breathe it's
up there near kidney stone pain ha how
very very strange anonymous no I've
never pulled a muscle in my diaphragm a
rich by the way congratulations Bannon
Rudess a game developer for this very
game has never seen him drag anyone into
the bathroom before maybe there's stuff
about this guy you don't know yeah I
don't think you should be working for
you man this is dragging people off
under the Bab dragging people into the
bathroom wiliness I got you now you're
coming to the bathroom with me you're
gonna end up on To Catch a Predator oh
all right no how about how about a
little nope
when lost all of his power no oh no rich
not all of his power try going into the
subway I want to fight that guy
oh all right man we're gonna fucking
make you happy I just want to see what's
down here we haven't been down here yet
probably a fuckin subway train I guess
well you can go to different areas on
saying you jerk
yeah I think you totally missed the
point of the film we are you talking to
me are you talking other people in the
chat
Adam aglow probably other people in chat
may use now sometimes they just don't
feel like talking to us rich they just
they get into their own frames it's fine
Jack that's fine that's fine let's say
you know we already asked that and I was
dots 85 says thanks for the near stream
beautiful game great visuals and music
reminds me of Final Fantasy just with
hack and slash would have missed it
without you guys all so how was your
root canal did the dentist fix it yes
yes my teeth have been pain-free since I
got my my root canal the second root
canal on the same effing tooth no fun at
all something I need a weapon to break
open that oh maybe
Bannen has given you a little advice
Richa you really need to follow up with
some attack after his hurricane kick you
got a you got a mash a little bit after
the hurricane kick
oh hey runaway cool
how interesting
oh yeah did they have to make your new
crown that shit is expensive are they
yeah that was that was part of it that's
Pope subway ow ow poop dick making some
fine points poop dick making some points
what points for those be about stuff
about stuff I've on mesas remember that
time where I asked rich a person is
losing to Mario Kart and was a big fan
then rich makes a joke about them not
losing their hair ah
I don't but I say losing your hair
charity stream Plus big fan joke equals
bad odds sorry this might have been
never joking about why wasn't she here
who the girl if she's a fan why isn't
she here the one who was in the Mario
Kart race the reference the thing he's
referencing okay somebody had a tip yeah
said there's a girl racing somebody on
Mario Kart another streamer who's a fan
of yours I said if she's a fan of ours
why isn't she here jokingly yeah yeah
whatever and I didn't say anything about
losing hair though was it a weird
misinterpretation I have no idea I know
I can barely say words haha maybe you
said maybe you said why isn't she hair
yeah
then why isn't she hair what it's
another reference Oh from wrestling yeah
pro wrestling on the NES from a winner
is you oh let's
oh man shocked full of references
anonymous says butthole thanks for the
tip anonymous I really make this a great
stream you really you you people you're
the best you know what sometimes they're
there sometimes and out it's fine it's
fine rich everything's gonna be fine
everything is gonna be fine fine all the
time are we have we read the thing they
wrote the thing we said the thing and
then that's great how do I like but
dumpling epic Jason that's a that's a
phrase I haven't used before never call
anyone a butt dumpling no never in my
life it sounds stupid oh yeah I like it
but dumpling I'm down with that and I'm
done with but dumplings
yeah dots 85 says when I was a kid and
brave at the doctor I got ice cream so
you should have had one too
$5 for a huge ice cream and for the
woman too and another one for the not
picky kid just to prevent jealousy
thanks that's I appreciate that
ice cream but you know what ice cream
after going to the dentist probably
would not be the smartest idea like II
just I just had my teeth fixed they
don't need to be shut covered in sugar
and cream afterwards what's me know I'm
I a young there's a little I see a lot
of guardians to talk in the chat and
there are many things that I really want
to say and and I'm gonna I'm going to
save it over at you on the court you're
pulling the cord that's there we go
there you go
so basically it's just a it's just a I'm
it's just a man dancing by a bus stop
oh no it's not dunce it's not about my
tooth will no longer be sensitive to
cold it's just you know say after you go
to the dentist you kind of don't want to
eat anything for a while just because uh
your teeth just got cleaned and fixed at
least I don't yes and everyone please be
respectful of any chatters who have not
of any chatters who have not yet seen
guardians to so please no spoilers in
chat no spoilers
I got enough enough pop up yeah yeah
yeah why not pop people up no I'm not a
high enough level Jack he's calling me a
wuss you get your level up man get your
level up aha double dragon auto shop
Bandon so like whose job was it to like
did you guys just make a list of
everything you wanted to reference and
then it's like shove it in where you can
or did it come about like we just need
something in the background here well
double drag the people who originally
made River City ransom yeah also made
Double Dragon okay and I'm not 100% sure
but they might actually technically be a
part of the same series oh because when
they imported this stuff to the US they
didn't care about whatever story and
they just put some in the manual right
so there might I could be wrong but
there might even be a story connection
between River City ransom and Double
Dragon in the original Japanese oh how
fun
yeah I like them
I like it
that chicken burger led Jim led jambon
cafe oh here you go
there we go now we're talking rich we
got some food now
now you can stock up on food and go back
and fight that nerd do it
fight the nerd fight eh such a nerd rich
take out the nerd so offensive
well I got bonus health from that whoo
what did you have a chicken shake yeah
ah anonymous says rich Evans is a butt
dumpling thanks anonymous rebel bases
hey guys what are your thoughts on
Ridley Scott's plan to make a sequel to
the original alien is grandpa off his
meds grandpa's office meds grandpa's
cashing in grandpa needs the money
apparently III don't know I don't know
what it is like this this new this new
alien covenant already just looks like a
remake of alien do right do we need
another sequel to the original alien
here's a here's an honest question for
him yeah do we need any more alien
movies like at all do we really need
that do we needed to know there's some
good movies in there and good movies can
be made from that property right can you
do something different with it to make
it worthwhile
will they I I think they've tried that
and it turned out weird right I'm just
not making them but just stop making
them right or just like if you want to
make another like space horror movie do
that just don't call it alien you know
it would be really cool come up with a
different monster would that be neat see
a different monster in space different
space monster not a creativity that
would take create and I wouldn't have a
built-in audience you know like that's
something that that we don't see a lot
of as like spiritual sequels where it's
like just make a spiritual sequel to
alien but making about something else
Ridley Scott
they do they love money oh I get it
can I please see a future destroyed by
Xenomorphs like that could be fun sure
at least that you know that would be
something different yeah
pathetic humans desperately trying to
survive on a planet run by Xenomorphs
and next isn't that really aliens is
that really kind of okay guys so we've
kind of seemed that well okay so that
but just on a bigger scale would be fun
okay like a zombie movie but with aliens
instead of zombies sure yeah this is my
weak pitch that's a very weak pitch
that's my weak pitch but you know what
someone just heard that and heard dolla
sign's
Ridley Scott has typed up the script as
I was saying
I know I have the unpopular opinion I
didn't see any more Star Wars movies
after Return of the Jedi oh yeah we told
you sorry as a fine three movie they
told you story good job you tried
something new with the prequels it
failed spectacularly and then you went
back to the well just doing the same
thing again and we don't really need it
yeah make a dead space movie based off
of dead space - oh yeah that could that
space was uh that was a fun game the
little we played of it OOP death pit
jack gasp it's alright yes or no would
you go see the band death pit you know
nothing about them and where you see you
seeing a flyer that death pit is playing
at your local music place a lot of
fuckin noise you know can I just listen
to them on YouTube nope you have to
choose whether you see them live I would
probably go see deathbed they're
probably gonna be a really terrible
heavy-metal damn yeah but like because
they're called death pit I'm hoping that
they at least have a sense of humor and
I bet it'll be a fun show they ain't
gonna be no GWAR they ain't gonna be no
GWAR but guar s
Jerris bitch so what does it pop-up doom
what pop-up the thigh oh I couldn't
fortify that mind
I didn't know or you weren't at the
right level for the yeah I yeah no if
you know everything says I was offered
free Nickelback tickets once I turned
them down
that was the smart choice know if you're
no Navy no one needs Nickelback in their
life oh great
what's up
oh I lost a ton of health Oh God you did
for my older ma'am
important important gobbledygook says
took fam to see guardians of the galaxy
vol 2 it was the greatest Father's Day
present from myself to my ego
I am always curious about Howard the
Duck no please Jack Rich Howard the Duck
Disney speculation boobs
III know Howard the Duck is a is a
fantasy project of James Gunn seriously
oh yeah yeah he really like he wants to
make a Howard the Duck movie which is
why his cameo was in Guardians 1 the
only person on the face of the earth who
doesn't absolutely loathe Howard the
Duck I'm fine with Howard the dark yeah
and you know especially with the really
good box office that Guardians volume 2
has been having eventually Disney's
going to get to that point where they
say you know what James Gunn you make
that Howard the deaf movie you do
whatever you write right I know you know
the first Guardians did very well
box office wise the second one is
prepared to do very well so I'm sure if
oh look at this all the credits ha ha oh
that's ow that's adorable
oh I tell you what I would do I would
100% go to see James guns Howard the
Duck movie without a prob with out
question
oh we're gonna map know that you have an
objective yeah what's your objective
where is it Bandon warehouse I'll need
to get his attention
Oh huh how do I use the food items to
Tom it's a great question what oh you
used one barely you used one
you know I like that sometimes they just
all run away because you're just too bad
yeah he's too bad the master of potatoes
and the dead must die those are the
names of the movies right now at the
cinema tour iam I love cinema tour iam
great and uh Bannon is back saying left
trigger button just two quick eat BT
Dubbs rich ow ow kick me when I'm down
dirt who's bad rich Evans as bad as this
character he's bad
