If you can't stand the heat...
October 18, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T-wbOA_lJtM

Network error
oh wait wait I can see you know some
people are saying yes people are saying
yes refresh refresh do it
refresh oh yes look I see it we're on
the app we're good okay we are good
welcome oh hey everybody welcome to the
stream you missed riches very
embarrassing death which had a very
impatient they missed it so you know
what it's all fine okay okay welcome
does Jack like the band Hot Hot Heat no
I just know that that's a band name and
so that's what I named it the stream
because the hot hot heat is a thing I've
heard before what the hell happened I
don't know what happened twitch had a
hiccup and you guys couldn't see his
play for a little bit even though we
were so we're having an early stream
because I'm here early and we decided to
just fucking start you know we're
starting all rich there's something I
need to show you
yeah someone made something for you
someone made a birthday thing for you
oh yeah yeah from heute someone drew
that for it that's adorable I want to
save that and use it for something okay
I will send it to you is absolutely
adorable
I showed picture the the picture that I
tweeted the other day of some of tiny
dick the birthday boy riding a grotesque
Showbiz Pizza bear I thought it was
great fun
teryn was brilliant you know you don't
know what one of the best birthday
presents is what okay
minigolf all right infinite mulligans
I was granted infinite Mulligan's I had
three holes in one birthday holes in one
sure yeah yeah well yeah we get it we
get it
dudes you gotta give tip to the art to
that artists I I just retweeted her her
name is Beatrice be Beatrice VIII just
retweeted her I love it yeah I do
yeah easy isn't infinite Mulligan's
normal in all mini-golf games no no not
if you're playing with people you know I
think that's it that's a fine birthday
present wrench a fine birthday present
infinite Mulligan's
there's your arrow did they make the
text bigger with an update it seems
easier to read
not that I'm sure the timers are already
counting down I hate that yeah nice nice
stick
this
it's a garden dip
I'm gonna take his key
first things first
easy oh not bad boom easy enjoyed the
review oh good yeah the the re-animator
from beyond review went up it was it was
actually really it was very abnormal the
the day that I came in Jay had dropped
that like this day you know weeks weeks
ago Jay had dropped off reanimate her
and from beyond and I was sitting right
here on this black table in front of me
and someone in the chat as we were
streaming said you know what would make
a really good review a double feature of
reanimate her and from beyond and it
just so happened to be the day that I
was picking up though like you know it
was Jays idea to do that but uh so that
went up that went up today that went up
today oh you have a new liberation
availables you know rush check well if
you I didn't know rush if you if you do
a liberation it means more items are
available to purchase in your shop
so that's why you want I need money yes
I just had character that I got nothing
from brown I have nothing sure we need
to we need to start small and work our
way up not taking the big mission when I
got no gear I got some concussive guns
that's it nice true you know you could
just float around and like try to find
ships to board and steal their shit you
don't need to go on missions mm-hmm you
don't need to go on missions I I won't
spoil the review oh look at that
hate being on the clock you have paid
that you have pause pause power one
thing I will say about re-animator is
for a long time I had assumed that I had
seen reanimate you know I've seen a ton
of old horror movies and you know indie
movies and reanimate er was just always
kind of in my zeitgeist like oh yeah
reanimate of course I've seen reanimate
er everybody's seen reanimate er but
after watching it for review I can tell
you that I had never seen it before
because you would remember if you saw
reanimate wisdom
all right boom oh I didn't look around
the ship see if any of those orange
boxes like stuff that you can how do I
cancel this space bar see if they even
knew those orange boxes I believe they
do nice nice ervil's swapper I'll take
recharge it yeah nice nice how far in
advance does rlm make their videos some
usually probably usually oh those are
bullets those are bullet packs
armor-piercing rounds hmm
I I would say usually it's just a couple
weeks ahead of when it's released there
are a few exceptions there are very few
videos that will just make and put on
the back burner
you have empty slots you don't need I
know is anything rechargeable just
reading visitor yeah
the visitor is a neat one weeks well you
know it's but something you know it's
all different like for for half in the
bag they shoot that on you know whenever
they see the movie Thursday or Friday
and it's usually up by Sunday or Monday
so that's days the best of the worst
that takes weeks like that takes you
know weeks to edit because those things
are a pain in the button I have anything
extra just for bringing this ship back I
don't know to tell you the truth I
cannot tell you
that's just oh it just got shot two
weeks before right now putting on two
weeks before it's fin like it's very
very rare that a finished video will sit
on the back burner and not be released
on edit advance it on the back burner
button
how often our videos scrapped not very
right so how do I use those
armor-piercing bullets I think they're
just in your gun
I hope so that guy's got armor well here
look press press start starts power I'm
sorry that pause and then look in your
look in your gun
was it saying tougher it says
because of course you gotta know that is
I think that's flavor text I don't think
that's anything important okay so I
don't know where your armor-piercing
bullets went to rich that would be good
to know is that them in there who that
could be
how do I use them all right clicking on
them right clicking on I don't know I
don't know how do I use these
armor-piercing bullets that's a great
question
are they just the first four bullets
that you use but if so now this is 12
that's got 12 bullets in it and then
that says four right what happens if you
click on the regular bullets all right
so go for your gun again let's see if
there's an option on your gun send a
stash cell
have they not fixed the UI for this game
no they have not they have not it's
still a huge mess they're saying you
need an armor-piercing gun
I don't know how accurate that is but
that is just what the chat is saying
let's see what we got here a rebel base
as hey guys got the Friday the 13th
collection on sale digitally and gonna
binge them all
wish me luck excited for Jason X and
Freddy vs. Jason yes
that's a fine binge that is a fine binge
rebel base once you once you get to
Jason X you're in you're in alright
alright it's fine maybe I can do
something creative
Freddy vs. Jason is a treat absolutely
I've got damn treat now 46 seconds yeah
probably can't do that just to do you
you know my limits yeah I actually
wanted to take time and prepare for the
mission and apparently I couldn't do
that no you have to you have to not
accept the mission and then prepare and
then accept the mission just in case I
didn't notice where does it say that
where it's time it doesn't it doesn't no
no oh wait no does here I just missed it
Oh sometimes it does sometimes it
doesn't like this
yeah hey like I understand you know the
game
see that's alarm response top right
that's different than just a timer I
understand that the game is trying to
force you into situations where you need
to where you're caught off guard
but we'll see let's see here according
to Robbins's last week
I don't understand that according to
Robin so I'm not gonna read it so
anonymous says if the room was on best
of the worst
is there any movie it would lose to
maybe double down or Miami connection I
have extra characters so make you say
this 7-eleven was a part-time job
I presume when the room would win from
all I've heard about it I would also
presume I've probably seen it enough at
this point though oh sure but assuming
we saw it fresh the room would probably
win right hands-down right
right see this is another one like if
that didn't tell you that they had a
timer but they did have every single one
every single fuckin one you can do it a
timer 50 whole seconds and what do you
got to do rescue I need a key I don't
have a key
well the guard has the key you got a
wrench you got some guns you got room to
play here you got absolutely room to
play
oh that's what that was according to
Robin yes you were you're asking us for
our help
renovating and we said we would do it
for four million dollars you now have 25
seconds
18 seconds
keep to a man you only got 13 seconds
get out of there get out of there this
that was close man
yes horse shit that was close yeah all
that what's up that was optional anyway
that was uh just a ship I saw oh okay oh
oh that's why yeah oh that's not so bad
then
flying Finn this game can be incredibly
fun and satisfying it also has some very
real problems did I have I had it set
the gun well that's not good you had it
set the gun yep
well guys remember the visitor has a
range you can't just with with any of
these teleporters you can't just
teleport anywhere they all have a range
to them you come back after two seconds
with the visitor right well what they're
saying is use the visitor to take out
the pilot but he doesn't even need to he
just needs to take out that guy pick up
his friend and get back in his ship
what's the range on this well it gives
you the circle is the range of what you
can't teleport when you're holding
someone else I'm not yet used to
Swampert
thanks we're glad to take out
boom there you go
there you go you did it what what are
you doing
I accidentally fired my gun once yes
what's the collision sensor do I have no
idea I have no idea maybe it's for when
like people are around the corner and
you see like when you're able to hit
them my but I just don't know
rechargeable long right is not bad no no
no you have one more
oh you're esos now yeah but once you get
back to the sure once you get back to
the thing everything's your stuff
everything will be fine rich let's see
here all and tick says hi guys I had a
question about our LM back-end
do you guys archive all your raw footage
on a raid array or do you rely on
YouTube once it's been uploaded also how
many if any of the VHS rips do you keep
I cannot speak for how J and Mike
archive their footage
as I don't know I can tell you for me
and for you know the work that I do and
previously recorded I have hard drives
of everything and I have a duplicate of
everything of all the raw footage all
you know the the edit file any any song
I use is on a hard drive somewhere is on
the same in the same folder structure I
keep everything on a working hard drive
and also have it on a backup on a raid
so
no I don't use any cloud solutions
quickly because the usually it's just
too much data you know in in general you
know what of films went you know when
it's rich and I on the couch that kind
of prereq episode is you know 60 80 gigs
with all the gameplay footage all of our
footage in ProRes the audio all the
visual assets it usually gets to be a
big big file size and so I just have a
working hard drive which uses a
thunderbolt connection and a backup raid
storage that that I have everything
duplicated on some rage dangerous lose
one hard drive you lose everything
archiving stuff I can be unless unless
you I don't know the raids a great
solution well but I also have it on the
working hard drive so I that's why I
have it I have every single project
we've ever done twice yeah oh yeah you
know
who would use a nonworking hard drive
Casper that's very funny by working hard
drive I obviously mean the hard drive
that I edit on but you're very funny the
hard drive that I edit on and a backup
hard drive that is just there to hold
all of the data you know like usually my
my working hard drive the hard drive
that I edit on is a thunderbolt
connection whereas my backup is like a
USB three just so I have some different
some different options
so but you know I do I do go through we
go through hard drives pretty pretty
regularly pretty easily
just a custom gun alert guard okay so
now I see your pause here you see that
ring yeah that is the sound in which
guards will hear the gun they concussive
gun yeah this or whatever you have okay
alright so you can use the concussive
gun now and be fine no oh did he have a
shield someone else heard it no you
didn't you he shall teleport it to you
he must I shot him he must have had a
shield
must be so expensive to be a youtuber it
the costs definitely add up I I can't
imagine I'm sure some people dump all of
their raw footage I I couldn't do that I
I have a compulsion where I need to hold
on to everything only because there have
been times where like I have deleted
something thinking I would never ever
work on that again but then years later
came across a situation in which I
wanted a specific thing and didn't have
it so now I save everything everything
all the time a data hoarder exactly in
Morocco I'm a data order he oh there's
they're saying he heard the shot and
teleported before it hit which I didn't
know was the thing that could happen
what well so those guards all right
teleport all right instant they're
alerted to anything so he heard the
bullet teleported before it hit him that
sounds like some major league horseshit
major league horseshit yeah well now you
know now you know
hello
like that's what that's what we're going
through now as far as speaking of
backing up footage that's what I'm going
through right now with with my cousin
who I made this movie with years and
years ago where we are desperately
looking for the original DV tapes
because we don't have we didn't have a
proper backup solution back in the day
and so we can't find the original
footage on a hard drive anywhere so
we're digging through boxes looking for
tapes
Oh
shit that's now the hell Sawyer
and their shields are up at least those
too
oh man look at all of them all of them
are hoarding in there that's great if
that room had like a fuel attention the
century show yeah I know I hit the wrong
button if that I've never had a fuel
tank you could kill all those guards
that room doesn't have a feel thing I
know I'm just funny DV tapes baby that's
right
am I able to get a key yes he's right
over there
oh yeah
well you do have a crash beam if you did
want to turn off that turret oh you're
right
but not like it really matters right now
use cloud storage for a lot of stuff you
know you know when I use cloud storage
for I use cloud storage for Photoshop
files nice rich how come I can't pick up
that key
oh is that I need to use a key for that
no no you hit you go to go to that and
hit the hit a button oh oh yeah that's a
button not a key bigger and so like for
Photoshop files with Adobe Creative
Cloud you can actually save assets to
the creative to the cloud the Creative
Cloud and I do that for a lot of our
like our YouTube thumbnails all of all
of the assets that I use a lot I have
uploaded to the cloud in case I need to
make a thing somewhere actually yeah you
might be super fucked because I don't
know if you can get just on to the exit
in time I understand you're like double
thoughts
I did see Adobe Creative Cloud products
got a little update today I I'm looking
forward to some of them some of them are
neat or neat things I know they've made
a bunch of updates to the new active
text tool and Adobe Premiere which for
that last prereq episode I used a ton of
the new text tool the essential graphics
tool for Premiere Pro and it made that
edit fly by it's so simple now to add an
animate text in write in Adobe Premiere
it's amazing it's great I'm looking
forward to a lot of their audio editing
stuff and what editing software do I use
most often Premiere Pro I used I used
Premiere only I only use Adobe probably
the Adobe suite so Photoshop from your
Pro After Effects I'm pretty good with
mocha which is a motion tracking
software that you use in conjunction
with After Effects but I only use
Premiere I know someone sent me a very
long email and I still need to get back
to them I'm sorry if you are that person
sent me a very nice and long email about
the benefits of using a different
editing program a program I know I've
heard about I called DaVinci Resolve
which is a free editing program nice
that also kind of the DaVinci Resolve
has a speciality in
color grading which is not anything I've
ever had to worry about recently so I I
just used premier because that's what
I'm comfortable with that's what I use
and it always seems to work for me
nice Casper it's both DaVinci is both an
editing and coloring program da Vinci is
kind of is working on also being an
editor it's not as robust an editor as
something like premier but it is both
does Adobe Creative Cloud have built-in
lossless HD audio encoding Liat like
true HD or anything that be something to
get me to upgrade from cs6 to the cloud
that I don't know I never I usually
don't worry about you know it's rich in
eyes audio it's not anything I've really
ever had to worry about it does have a
lot of different codec supports though
so it's something you would have to look
into I'm sorry
you know what this music is tight some
good music
though 70 I'm gonna answer this and I'm
gonna try to do so in a non-political
way mods I'm very sorry if this is gonna
burst open a political bubble but it is
a pop culture thing that I would like to
talk about and as a fan of hip hop I
thought it was a very interesting
exercise rich yeah did you happen to see
the Eminem freestyle about Donald Trump
no okay and that you know what that is
fair
I know you are not necessarily a fan of
hip hop so I can't imagine this would
even be something on your radar it's
completely I was the opposite of being
on one's radar exhibit it was buried it
was buried in your life this is not
Pulitzer I'm gonna try my hardest not to
get overtly political I thought it was
very good
it was a very good freestyle it was very
very tasteful and respectfully done haha
it's Eminem rich what what are your
guess is on that but he no here's the
thing
it was a pure freestyle which means that
there was no beat to it
it was literally eminem doing slam
poetry yeah it was just him in a parking
garage doing poetry about how much he
dislikes Donald Trump and I think that
was really audacious of him and I've you
know obviously I thought it was very
powerful because there was no beats
there was no course it was just it was
just pure freestyle so this is a station
there is no pilot right is that how this
works a station I'm looking for a pilot
that I can take out I'm fairly sure you
got on a ship so yeah
I would assume there's where where is
the pilot I haven't seen him okay this
could be a space station maybe there is
oh no he's dead yeah who killed him
zoom out just like a hair yeah now i now
go through that's you that way is that
know their love once
right but you know you go for it do it
so in any case shit what how do I get
blown out damn it damn it
you still got 57 seconds you can do this
you can do this rich
you just got to kill that pilot get back
in there
I mean most most the people are dead
already right all you gotta do is kill
that pilot
Mongoose cab says doing Jack doing
something everyone else is doing is not
audacious no no the presentation was
audacious nice got him his you know it
was his unpolished off-the-cuff
presentation of the rap obviously a lot
of people are hitting on Trump right now
that's not audacious but the to do so in
such an unpolished freeform way and do
it so well
I think speaks highly to Eminem's talent
as a whore rapper spent thinking about
that freestyle for a year I'm sure that
wasn't free I wouldn't doubt that he's
been waiting for an opportunity to use
it in fact haha do it so I thought it
was well yeah
you fucked up rich but there's no pilot
so you can just hop okay I hate that
they don't just kill you honestly they
throw you out so you can do it again it
is dumb yeah
so that reanimate her what a movie huh
honestly it's reanimated I I I much
preferred I mean I reanimate her was
cute but from beyond was the real was
the real treat of that viewing session
from beyond was so fucked up whoops I
already fucked up
it's got another key
you guys do not look for him
I don't let's assume in I can't make
anything out this is all just junk well
you got it you got a zoom out look for
it then zoom back in shotguns specialist
I can't swear I do like that every time
I accidentally like bang into of the
spaceships side and it's supposed to be
like a stealth mission and it's just
like bong bong mm-hmm like it could feel
like an idiot like they know I'm coming
now
yep
uh yeah yeah it is alright anonymous
says Jack I was the doctor on this week
rich how is the Karen policed sort of
diet going this week it's going alright
alright alright uh yeah and event fur
I'm still on track I had a I had a small
I had a small breach last night you know
if I if I if you're okay with a bit of a
confession I had two beers last night
Oh streamed any things I also enjoyed
that review episode I think it came out
really well I'm not supposed to have
beer my diet during the weekdays oh yeah
I gotta drop the guy off at the thing I
accidentally
- period was so so as mostly you know
what we talked about something we talked
about on Sunday is I have been reading
and enjoying something called The Ghost
Box which is a collection of short
Halloween inspired will not our themed
story spooky stories yeah it has 11
short stories that are meant to invoke
spooky feelings for the Halloween season
it's called The Ghost Box and it's been
phenomenal just kind of every night what
I've been doing is just you know taking
a new short story reading it and holding
off for a wait you want that personal
mission Intel
Fix subscriber notifications
I'm talking about
it's fine
a ghost looted box yes guys for a good
the ghost box and so last night I was
reading the next story which was which
is called the pear-shaped man which is
one of the longest short stories in the
collection of short stories and it's
written by george RR martin of of game
of thrones family and as far as short
stories go no as far as books go no
other story has shaken me quite as much
as the pear-shaped man yeah I was
physically uncomfortable after I got
done reading it Wow it was great it was
fucking great that worked out I hit the
wrong button
yeah well you know what there you're a
long blade you'd have a decent wind up
so you can probably wind up before you
can you can use your side wider teleport
to them and hit him with your with your
blade well though the scythe the
Sidewinder the Sidewinder is the white
circle your blade is the blue circle
wait what I get them he didn't sidewind
why didn't mean Sidewinder
what did you do I hit the button did but
did you I did oh well then I don't know
that's rich any good at this is the
first time you see me play this shit I
didn't play it all the time Jack played
this that's true last time I owned this
oh no and by the way at so after reading
the pear-shaped man I am wholly
convinced that george RR martin is an
incredibly talented writer and i'm sure
that you know that's why he's been as
successful as he oh my god as he has
been but as far as this collection of
spooky stories goes he's 18 seconds i
got it jack
you got it i got it you get you 15 I got
it watch this watch this
ten-nine I think the word is but we got
it we still got this we don't even worry
about to eject out of that window you
don't have this okay Shh
throw your sword at the window and get
out of there rich where is the where's
the thing even oh my god the polygon
yeah oh don't have no and you don't even
have time to get back to your thing you
have to know I know I can give it a
chance - what what
oh yeah just saying you lost the mission
Wow yeah you're still floating out in
space so in any case I've really enjoyed
the pear-shaped man but it it left me so
very disturbed that I felt the need just
to have a beer or two and watch like a
like lease and I just turned on like
some dumb comedy just to clear my brain
of the pear-shaped man because it was so
disturbing if if someone can find a copy
of this book I highly recommend it if
you are if you are if you want to get
into the creepy yeah sometimes better
just to stop yeah if you want to get
into the creepy spirit I really
recommend George RR Martin's the
pear-shaped man it's it's not even it's
not necessarily even like a Halloween
book or a horror book
there's nothing even to steal in here
now you just commit some murder I mean
yeah do it do it oh thank you Gino suave
and that's apparently there's a it's
it's online for you to for you to enjoy
highly recommend it just just one of
those one of those reads that left me a
little little I you know just even
thinking about it right you don't want
to spoil I'm sure you don't want to
spoil it
I don't okay I don't want to spoil it
but it was it's a fantastic read I've
been really enjoying this this
collection and soon it's it's the same
company they're the people that put out
this ghost box also put out something
for Christmas time and it's an advent
calendar it's a it's a short-story
advent calendar where you get one short
story day Christmas I picked up a copy
that to him pretty damn excited pretty
damn excited
yeah that one's called the Jesus box it
takes a harsh turn
so that's uh other than that cheat my
diet is going very well I'm on I'm on
pace last last Saturday my lowest was
193 which is the lowest I've been and
already this morning even with my cheat
I'm at 195
so normally like today would be the day
like Wednesday morning is usually the
day that I am the weight that I was
Saturday morning and then I have
Thursday and Friday to you know lose a
few more but because of my beers I'm at
195 today so I'm hoping at least to get
back to 193 maybe maybe 192 by Saturday
again can we see some fucking Rabbids
soon glad you guys are enjoying this
game might not be the best stream game
but I still think it's pretty good Jack
trigger choice I have no opinion on
Russell Brand I can barely remember who
he is rich and he's strong opinions on
Russell Brand which one is he I haven't
I don't know
I don't remember which one he was which
close the name of that book again it's
called the pear-shaped man by George RR
Martin's the pear-shaped man and it's
part of the ghooost box someone linked
to it it's online apparently somewhere
it's available online somewhere so
whoever links to it please link it again
we thank you Lloyd beets there's the
link for you all to read from Tales Of
Mist wait oh that's a he can see me I
thought that was a I thought it was a
solid thing in there yes yes
did he get you yeah you got you yeah
apparently had teleport herb right into
him yeah he did I hate that they just
throw you out the airlock it feels so
that's what I'm looking for here
I'm satisfying GI I should be dead it
feels a little cheese here's here's how
they do mitigate it is for every time
they throw you out watch what happens
when that when your ship picks you up oh
well oh wait are you on a mission yeah
you are an omission so every time they
show you they throw you out usually it
gives you a health cost and so then you
know they'll say like like I don't have
to worry about it I don't have to worry
about they'll just throw me out I'll
come right back in well there's no timer
here usually when they throw you out
they'll say the next time they throw you
out you don't have as long for your pond
to come and pick you up like one of my
characters I've been throwing out so
many times jack I would I have this zero
second I'm fucking immortal Jack are you
apparently you're fine you're fine
they're you're dead the green screen is
spazzing out
sorry it looks fine to us oh it's good
now apparently it's fast out for a
second okay sorry
sucks to be you yeah
you guys keep giving me hints on who
Russell Brand is and I I still don't
remember him so I'm very very sorry if
I'm supposed to have a sort of opinion
on him
I do not anybody saying who he is there
they're saying he's a comedian he's
British he dated Katy Perry I don't
really know him this is this is we're in
the same situation rich he's a monster
oh he's such a monster oh rich he's a
saint that thing he did was horrible
yeah I thought I thought the thing he
did was really commendable
does that help doesn't I mean this is a
lush strategic hotline Miami its hotline
Miami by way of FTL is what it is
I want them to actually try to kill me
Jack you want them to try tell you want
them to try to tell you is that too much
to ask apparently because they won't
ever I don't know like I said how much
have you played this more than you has
they haven't tried to kill you like I
said for usually for me and the chat is
saying sometimes they'll use lethal
weapons and then when they kick me out
and my ship picks me up it says hey the
next time you don't have as long to wait
before I pick you up so there is a
downside
25 seconds rich feels really cheap that
I can just keep going in and in and in
and in retry you don't have 17 seconds
they do it I'm getting thrown out the
airlock this is Matt what are you doing
I like some of the bits and pieces I
think there are flaws Jack that's that's
the point rich that's the point that's
what makes this an interesting game
alright alright is there there is a like
a nugget of a really good idea but it
has some some big flaws
yeah alright let's see what we got here
the blue prism says talk more politics
or tell us what your favorite
blood-borne boss was by the way happy
birthday rich Evans thank you thank you
rich
I'm fond of duels yeah so I'll just you
know it's pretty early in the game but
father Gascoigne
oh yeah father Gascoigne but there's
someone good really good finds that in
general yeah yeah I really liked who was
the guy with the cage on his head don't
remember his name yes I remember him I
liked that guy with the cage on his head
he was he was just he was you know he
was a madman and I just liked hearing
all the crazy shit yet to say Johnny
Cage head right Nicola oh yeah Mikolaj
the fight doesn't stand out to me as
much as all the crazy bullshit that man
had to say Richie might might want to
pause it Oh Shh
already heads up would you stop doing
that game so yeah Mikolaj I I really
liked listening to him and I liked his
crazy the
it's hard to think of specific ones
there's so many there's so many neat
little good ones here and there
I wish I would have a beer showcase on
rlm I'm always wondering what you guys
were are drinking and what craft brew
exists in your state so much fucking
craft brew exists not JIT not just in
Wisconsin but in Milwaukee specifically
someone got alerted
nope
but MKE brewing lakefront
brewing New Glarus I know I know a lot
like Mike and J are big fans of New
Glarus everybody die Oh
looting me spotted cows yes white oak I
was a great New Glarus beer very lights
you know that's kind of like the generic
beer we'll hopefully you get out in time
see oh look so now you only have 17
seconds to catch throw me out literally
a second before they get captured me
Jack yeah
hi German brothers welcome I'm sorry
rich so now you have blood loss so your
survival time for future incidents is
only 12 seconds yes this is your this is
your negative reinforcement
for for failing
a deadlier snake I can tell you I don't
think I will go back to the Dark Souls
series a lot of what I liked about
blood-borne was what born - would you go
back to blood-borne - Oh in a heartbeat
okay I wouldn't go back to the Dark
Souls series that big a difference well
what I was about to say no no no sorry
I'm sorry
is that a lot of things that the a lot
of the reason I liked blood-borne was
because of the world and the atmosphere
which I didn't feel like Dark Souls had
it was all spooky but I prefer I prefer
like the the goopy gothic spooky to the
knights and Dragons spooky I've stubby
little arms for some reason it may be
why are my arms stubby
I don't know I don't know I don't want
stubby arms there's nothing I can do
about that and I can't I just don't
think I can help you
we're gonna work our way up I'm starting
easy we're gonna work our way up
okay do it do it
you can do it I believe in you doctor
loop it up says Jack had a rough guess
how many terabytes of storage
would you have last I checked I had
about 40 terabytes people always ask how
much poor and I have when I tell them
this do you get the same reaction I do
not get the same reaction I no one has
ever asked me how much porn I have that
might be that might be a red flag as to
what people think of you
doctor lube it up I think you have a lot
of porn that was easy
one counter any one perfect self Jack
you ghost it was the airlock of Hertz
ah the random room generation is fine
you did it nice and easy makes up for
the times you get fucked right if I had
to make a rough guess of how many
terabytes I have currently ghost ghost
ghost you did it rich yeah I would
probably say 40 see 40 to 60 terabytes
in my office currently we're doing
another easy one with all my different
hard drives and different setup
somewhere 40 to 60 terabytes not you
know maybe but it's it that's a rough
estimation that is a rough estimation
shit back there go get the ship that was
back there
where to go where to go emeritus what
secrets do you hold there are there are
ships that flash that have like a super
weapon in them I have been told oh 24
seconds
anything good to steal
I'll be fine I'll be fine
Oh eight seconds
just get out of there so I'm doing some
try to do oh the nice thing is
technically yeah I did not feel a
mission right because that you just have
to board a random spaceship
I've got a single cheap HDD right now
not satisfied with the speed could just
buy another HDD like it and do a strip
trade or might go SSD well if you're not
happy with the speed and go SSD and then
you know with your hard drive just make
sure that the read/write rates is it's
good enough 72 7200 rpm is you know I
think the fastest standard hard drive
spins or goes to holla'd state though if
you're doing a ton of reading and
writing I know solid states do have a
shorter lifespan which is crazy because
you know regular hard drives actually
have moving parts assassinate what sort
of weapon do you have well I guess you
don't need an assassination weapon
as once they're knocked down you can
look you didn't pause it yeah no I
didn't didn't know I know I didn't yep
I'm just gonna let it happen
what happens if you die in space just
gonna die in space I think I'm gonna
start fresh I think you done character
no no the time where you do it we're
gonna start fresh you do it you know
tonight we drink to mark effects off
lovin rich kind of sucks at this game
which isn't trying his hardest right now
rich is having some fun you know what
he's doing
learning them old ropes recharging
beside water I want that that's what
he's doing
learning down ropes this is this is
trust me this is fucking around this is
not giving it my all right now
Grimlock just says just joined the
stream what's this game all about this
is hotline Miami with some FTL
components to it so it's you know
top-down kind of a top-down twin-stick
but at any point during the game you can
pause and set up your actions all right
you get various missions to do things on
ships like my home base which mission
was this which was my mission here I
took up a mission to steal the vision
object whatever the fuck that is and
pretty much every mission so far has
involved flying from your base to
another ship that somewhere out in space
and then you you dock with the ship and
then you just have to complete the
objective and there's it's kind of a
stealth element you don't really want to
set off alarms and get captured yeah
yeah it's made by the same developers as
gunpoint but the thing that makes it
really interesting is this whole pause
mechanic see right now I'm trying to
dock and this is a little arrow thing
you might and the ship is turning which
is making this very difficult you know
if you just hold down right click you
just kind of like lock onto the ship not
well it just makes you hold the same
speed
I am this little dude down here yeah so
now what makes the game very interesting
is that any moment you can pause and
pick out things to do and you can pause
infinite pause and so you know he got a
quiet calm but I don't have like a
weapon and I'd like to not use ammo from
the quiet gun yeah you need a wrench
that's what you mean I guess I don't get
one until I kill somebody
yeah he's just got another gun
next time you're begging you're back at
the base buy a wrench they're like a
dollar usually
and so you see what Richard did there is
he paused the game he can aim shoot
someone and then like immediately after
he shoot someone he can pause again
immediately and set up all these
different things to do
so it's it's it's a game that's full of
possibilities
it doesn't always live up to them but
it's full of possibilities
alright see Arabic my goal was steal the
thing ya got the thing out of the chest
yep
I just killed the pilot I couldn't get
back on my ship and leave or I could
just fly their ship back home yeah
that's an easy one
Jack trigger Joyce no there's no rap
song that I know all the lyrics do there
are barely any songs that I know all the
lyrics do rap songs that would take a
bit you know yeah a little a little
super-hottie a little FTL II a little
hotline Miami II II a lot a lot of a lot
of melting pots once you've blended
enough things together that I think they
can call it their own thing yeah I think
so
it certainly doesn't play just like FTL
or just like hotline Miami you are just
like superhot it's kind of discount a
little melting pot I see you got a drop
off your thing there you go I dropped up
my finger got money and I got my rating
here who's a new liberation available
you don't care about that okay wait wait
wait is that don't take a mission yeah
go buy a wrench I got a sword a wrench
is also a non-lethal option do I care if
I kill them some of the missions require
anomaly found I'll buy a wrench
well I like that leftover beefcake
beefcake calls this an indie game
smoothie there's a lot of different
ingredients yes together like that I
like that a lot
the ship has no alarm that's good all
right so yeah here it tells us
submission details uh there's some key
card guards and there are guards with
guns and the boss is a card with a gun
so really easy there's got to be a
there's got to be a time limit a severe
time limit to this maybe it's too easy
right I don't believe for a second that
that's not a severe restrictive time
limit to this far too easy for even an
80 of media mission no sure guards with
nothing does that appear to be I
certainly see ryx I know that and I've
told her it's that and he still doesn't
care to do the that's one way to
assassinate someone just Ram your ship
into there I still don't care to what uh
you don't care to to liberate other
bases that gives you things in the shops
yeah I got all day I told him that he
has things there there are ways to get
more items in your inventory but he does
not listen exactly rake in TV what's
that what was that noise man so we just
hit something on our spaceship I guess
it was nothing go back to your normal
routine patrols
let's see here epic Jason X 9000 said
recently I've been watching The Exorcist
3 and it surprisingly holds up extremely
well
here's hoping that you guys will do a
review of The Exorcist 3 sometime soon
our IP William Peter Blatty I've never
seen Exorcist 3 season of the witch
long range swap Thank You digger blue I
had a lot of fun with that review I know
those are some favorite movies of Jays
and it was you know just fun to sit down
and talk to really have an excuse to see
some weirdo
some weirdo horror movies from beyond
holy moley what uh what a masterpiece of
be mover II of bouverie and and fuck man
40 just 45 minutes that was like a lot a
glut of an episode the reason we did
them both together so like you know how
also bundle em you know how your gun
takes a little bit to recharge you can
then you know like set your other
trigger to the quiet gun and so you can
go back oh yeah
I'm gonna die so much everyone loves
weirdo whores I think so I like him you
just done with that character he failed
you when they failed me who failed who
rich we all failed each other yeah all
right
I need to do a review with Mike I've
I've kicked around a few ideas Mike and
I are both fans of of certain schlocky
movies and so I'm sure there's something
I could do with Mike it's just never
come up right now you know I don't think
you like many of the same things me and
Mike I think we share some common
sensibilities I know usually usually
when J goes on and on about his already
farty bullshit I will usually side with
Mike about not caring about the
arty-farty bullshit let's for talking
about Pazuzu unless we're talking about
Pazuzu
pop pants that is basically the that's
the one sentence review for this game is
a fun concept wrapped in an really ugly
UI
Oh No let's see here
anonymous says hey guys in honor of
national edge day what
in honor of net national edge day an
ep's worth of sxe grind slash fast core
was recorded under the tentative name
rich x evidence would you have any issue
with a band name paying direct homage to
you thanks a weird
and a music do you do you think about I
do grind slash of fast core do you know
what that is you pick up a wrench you
wrench this free wrench right a sword
it's a free wrench
I don't give a shit but your sword has a
cool-down so you can sort someone and
then wrench someone and then sort them
the swords property Jack because it has
a very extremely short cooldown but it
doesn't have that much of a reach you
know it does the wrench III some
missions I exclusively use the wrench
ooh there you go
cloner get that key clone in action and
it's a national tragedy it's a rich yep
is it okay the band is called Richard
rich X Evans yes can I talk to my lawyer
first
yes I don't I don't know what the
potential consequences are like during a
stream with the last minute support I'm
sure sure if your music sucks or if you
sing about stuff rich doesn't like
irrevocably I'm gonna hear about a song
you do a week from now called
I love Hitler right you know why the
rich xfi the rich ak7 yeah yep that's
when your dickhead and we revoke any
rights so I don't know I don't know man
I guess if you're cool it's alright but
I know there you go
don't forget to pick up a wrench
free free wrenches rich free wrenches
you can get all the free wrenches you
want I can't I don't even remember the
idea was just the idea of like our
discussions of the best of the worst
table we just talking about bizarre
things and I came up with some bizarre
idea and a fam want to know if I they
had my permission if they could make a
movie out of my idea and I said well
makes over a million dollars I want my
cut yeah right yeah go ahead I don't
know what the future a story by rich
Evans screenplay by whatever your name
is how about that take my idea make you
know 100 million dollars off of it yeah
I don't want that you get story by
credit oh oh golly gee thanks that means
you get me if the story is by you you
get money rich you get money
Neal Breen eats yummy tuna yes answers
yes let's see here
Ayatollah of rock and Rolla - hello good
sirs I always felt a more realistic
ending to Star Trek four would be if the
whale double-crossed them and told the
alien probe to destroy humans in revenge
for torture and genocide thoughts you
know it's a shame that whale doesn't
have opposable thumbs
well well can't do shit well that whale
can't do shit that way that whales not
doing shit
so stuff you're not using so you put it
in your stash I can't make out there's
that 18 of 18 10 of 10 16 or 10 of 18
but both our 16 of 16 but they give you
zero cash and so if you hit C you send
it to your stash probably want to be
back
I never and I had never noticed that
Barbara Crampton was so talented Jay
obviously Jay has a deep and
never-ending love for Barbara Crampton
he you know his his uh Wilma Shannon
she's she's the main lady in Rihanna
meter okay and and also in from beyond
and JJ was incredibly complimentary of
her acting abilities which you know like
we're good she did a very good job I
don't know if I'd go and I didn't go as
far as Jays compliments but Jays a big
fan
probably probably she was his team his
team crush you can't get over your first
crush
I just need to rescue the guy I don't
need to do anything to fancy her
certainly see ryx i know i saw that
there was an update to tf2 recently new
maps new gameplay style we even got a
new source filmmaker short which is
amazing I actually tried to play the
other day but for some reason could not
get in a server to save my life
so I'm gonna try to pick it up I have
been playing it more recently I'm gonna
try to play it a little bit all the time
to hit up to a thousand hours because
I'm close I'm close to a thousand hours
and tf2 oh yeah just remember you know
do something pause right away stop and
think
so I probably needed to get here
diverse oh god how do I get to down oh
god this is gonna be a mess
I'm a tf2 noob is the game punishing for
novices it's it's an online multiplayer
shooter which means it can be but it's
also shit I wanted to do
well it'll hit him still I like it
though that's see that's the range that
people hear it in are you talking about
your swapper
shit
coulda used a wrench
it's a wrench
alrights when do you want to play your
rabbit game whenever whenever you're
done with this I want to see how far I
can make it more rabbit game I might I
got my butt handed me enough tonight all
right then we can switch over
no it's whichever it's a over to the
silly rabbit game all right what's it
called it is called um overgrowth
overgrowth OneNote word just messed
everything up okay I'm gonna change this
oh wait I'm gonna change that I got a
name okay cancel close what do you got
what do you got rich yeah you've
misspelled rabbit but yes what what you
said Reber silly rest misspelled it's a
typo well I wasn't anyone's I was being
specific on your typo that you miss
gonna think I don't know how to spell
rabbit what's the news on I'm working
n64 I have completely forgot about it is
the news in the n64 I'm putting together
a Raspberry Pi right now I'm retropie on
it oh I think we probably be able to
play Diddy Kong Racing I could probably
run it real easy
probably yeah oh you got really isn't
probably please scroll down sir just hit
play don't
