Mario With a Gun (Part 2)
September 3, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=srsgyAI1rDI

all right you need some upgrades Luigi
but I want that triple overwatch shot
that's 100 that's 100 blue orbs Luigi
well well I I haven't found any new
sniper in a while I think they've
deliberately made it so you don't lose
Louie use Luigi for the section I have
not found a new rifle for Luigi really
in a while let me let me it was what
were you thinking of getting if triple
overwatch wasn't an option he's held us
low okay mm-hmm all right
ah
that vampire was nice
vampires super nice
you want you want vampire questions do I
want this guy or not Mario captain
captain destroy our own cover yeah well
what battle are you about to go into is
it the boss battle I don't know about
that cuz remember or not I'm not
harvested sure the boss battle don't you
automatically get peach and you can only
choose two what does it ask you to
choose again I don't know I think I just
got her and I don't think I got to
choose who I was and peach has a boom
shot - I'm not that fond of him maybe
with enough upgrades ah big black silvio
says the vampire is nice he's trying to
cure AIDS I get it
that's great
need em coins that's cute yeah the
Rabbids are monsters Queen of the One
Ring they are let's see here cheek
MooMoo says add this to the socks and
microphone stand budget maybe we do need
a new mic stand there this is the
problem this one stands up really nice
this mic stand that I got off of Amazon
for two dollars this is a nice mic stand
should we just get you another one rich
if that's what you want what what I'm
glad they're rich Richard no no you
don't worry you worry about you rich you
have to defeat all the enemies here you
have a tough battle now you asking who
Tim is Timothy yeah Tim has been in a
few rlm things but mostly he's just my
friend who's in a lot of my videos and I
really just like that face of his I
think it's very silly so I made an emote
of his face only to amuse myself I will
be making other emotes and thank you
again to movie dicks whoever runs the
movie dicks Twitter account sent me the
the jack as a clown emotes and the mad
trap strats --mode which I think are
great those are great emotes and so I'll
work on a few more emotes as as the days
go on
West Coast's says is this game worth
buying I am gonna go out on a limb and
say yes but it all depends on what kind
of games you like if you if you are a
fan of strategy games this is a nice
light fare they they do a good enough
job of breaking up the battles like you
know if you're a mobile player like I
think a lot of people who have a switch
are they do a really good job of
breaking up each battle into 1015 minute
chunks and so you can just do a battle
you know it can be a good bathroom game
as what I'm saying
and if you're someone who's who might
not be well-versed in this sort of
grid-based movement tactical strategy
genre and are looking for an entry point
I also think that this could be a really
good entry point for you just to say
like would I would I be into a game like
XCOM well this is a nice simple version
of this just but hey Wow
so are there games on the switcher now
it's getting yeah that's a good question
switches games now not evolution now
featuring at least three games you might
want to play switch has some games now
as far as exclusives you know you got
this you got splatoon - you got arms and
uh that's that's about it for exclusives
I know there's some more exclusives
but yeah possibly wait until Super Mario
Odyssey comes out before making the leap
because then you will have even more
games to play
breath of the wild is not exclusive to
the switch as it is also on the Wii U
just like mario kart 8's which edition
is also on the way now it's on the Wii U
as well so that's a good way of putting
it crispy bit it has a great library if
you don't already have a Wii U it has a
fine library I'll say you know it's got
the Mario games it's got the Mario Kart
it's not perfect but it's not terrible
nice no yes he'd like a lot of this is a
lot of these like I said the emphasis on
movement in the game is you know rich
had to go through one of the bad guys
bounce off of Luigi rabid to clear him
up from a status ailment to them the
Ouija rabbit was able to go through and
kill guys and now it's neat it's it's
different it's different enough from
XCOM to make it unique yeah if you are
into XCOM type games and a bounce
fuck man that was nice in two turns
yeah oh shit strategy master yeah I
noticed that about you
shit dog - fucking turns one of those
one of those challenge Maps do you go
through the world then you can go
through again and there's there's
different challenges yeah that you
didn't have the first time around one of
the one of the last ones I think it was
the last one for world one just just
kept knocking me senseless that's great
I'd like a dozen times to get that one
uh-huh so there is there is legitimate
challenge even for a master of strategy
yeah that's nice that's good to know
take that I could have come back later
with butter weapons but I did it as soon
as I couldn't do it sure sure
neat that's a fun little section right
there I like that sure it's simple but
nice you know that's what I was saying
about as far as like gaming on the go
like if you're if you're taking your
switch mobile gaming or bathroom gaming
is you can do a little chunk like that
and then put it down for a little bit
which is very nice the way that they
paced out the battles now what's the
story here
what's the story hmm losing blocks see
what happens
maybe it's nothing that'd be very weird
why would you just put block so you can
move in an area that nothing happens if
you move them something I have to kind
of get it to match that other thing of a
parapet
all right let's see here dr. doom it up
says since the dollar is really weak
right now tipping is cheaper than ever
so enjoy a few more bucks you find
gentlemen Oh put it into the Lego
organization stream fund I have to tell
Lisa about this honey I'm gonna
livestream from the basement for a
little bit well I'll be organizing Legos
she won't care if you like fucking do it
every day
you mean the basements gonna be clean do
it then it'll be a fine Jack solo strip
it'll be no no I won't everyone everyone
says they want this until they get it
yeah just me yeah it'll just be me and
biscuit it'll just be me and the cat and
organizing Legos it's gonna be great 70
I kind of have to I kind of have to
that's too good
oh that's too good it's too good that's
great yeah if you got that if you got
then the numbers I have maxed out
Mario's overwatch nice Thanks Ouija not
yet no well not yet Luigi
you'll get there so sweet oh yeah save
up save up for that triple for that
triple over overwatch man that's gonna
be a hat desert Dan Keith of Wales's hey
guys just wanted to thank you for
signing my copy of space cop no problem
no problem
Rich's scene with Patton Oswalt is
fuckin comedy gold
Jack shout out to your performance as
mute blue guy as well love the movie
technically speaking I'm also in that
scene with Patton I'm the one talking to
him off camera you can hear you can hear
me whisper in that scene so rich what
was it like working with Penn it wasn't
I know you cuz you you film that you
film that well before her and you were
back in Milwaukee yeah wouldn't be
caught dead hanging around Patton Oswalt
I've refused terrible was there a reason
why you did not come you just don't like
fun no need for I hate what I hate
flying yeah and there's no need for
another ticket no bring me out there you
know it would have been fun I hate
flying
you hate flying that much oh man well it
was a very fun trip and even even though
we we got to hang out with Patton for
approximately ten minutes eight of which
we're filming that scene it was it was
great
all right I want to say I'm getting
through this more efficiently than you
did I want to say that in whoa what do
you mean by more efficiently taking less
damage maybe less turn Oh probably yeah
but it's taking me maybe longer because
I'm dicking around in menus and fucking
around thinking about shit here so your
bring will will be good for what's who
would combo well with who
well let's character committee if I
upgrade this aspect of that character
that character will be a good character
right so so you're getting through the
actual battles more efficiently but
everything else
come tremendous I disagree I think there
is no flying is wonderful it gets you
places faster and easier you know going
through an airport yes oh three - oh
yeah that's great
no I flying is great sometimes going
through an airport can be a hassle but
you after you do it a few times you get
the routine down and it's great at
longest you know you're going from coast
to coast they're you know here to Los
Angeles it's like a four-hour plane ride
so you know if you have a non-stop
you're trapped on an airplane for four
hours which is well worth it because you
get to Los Angeles in four hours so I I
love I love flying
so the chat saying but why rabbits
because they develop the game and
pitched at the Nintendo yeah it's an
ubisoft game and I'm trying to think of
Obi softs catalog do they have anything
else that's like super family-friendly
Ravin the Rabbids gonna do Raymond I
don't think the Rabbids are on
family-friendly no I'm saying rabbits
are family-friendly which is why they
Raymond Raymond yeah yeah Raymond but
Raymond has his own thing right now
which is very very Mario thing you know
he does his own platformer Raymond
though those are some great games rayman
or using my voice you're losing it yes
why I don't know no good reason do you
think that because we put the compressor
on OBS you've subconsciously felt like
talking louder is that no I don't it
happened during the nerd crew discussion
- I'm just losing my voice easier these
things you know what you're getting old
Jack you know what needs to happen rich
so you need some motherfucking water you
need to you need to make sure you need
to make sure you hydrate during these
during these streams
you can't tell why didn't I can feel it
does the thing sure
no J was not really sick during that
I've seen a lot of people like on
Twitter and on the internet asking if J
was really sick during that no
apparently J is just that good of an
actor I think largely we just wanted to
use the Darth Vader humidifier I'm good
that's the only reason he was sick there
was gonna be more like weird Medical
Star Wars things but I don't know that
didn't happen there was gonna be this
whole I was gonna be eating with a
series of like Chemical Star Wars
product like we bought on our 2d -
through c-3po salt shaker
lightsaber forks and knives but after
the popcorn machine bit which was
largely improvised right there was no
point sure sure
that kind of ended the food bit well you
know what it's over now we you know the
rest of this it literally caught on fire
and we can't write a better joke than
the popcorn machine catching on fire
yeah no it's true it was not supposed to
about function I think I talked about
this last dream but yeah ro retell the
story that's fine my voice doesn't give
up they'd be exploding popcorn machine
we get this popcorn machine and the bits
just gonna be I'm eating popcorn out of
this comical desktop popcorn machine
right and I'm putting the popcorn and
Mike and J are both like why aren't you
putting oil in there and I read the
instructions yeah instructions didn't
say jack shit about putting oil or
butter in with the kernels but by the
way you would not of course I'm like the
instructions don't say to do that right
they just say to put the popcorn in
there and then put the butter of this
thing on top so the butter gets heated
yeah well they didn't say because it was
so obvious of course you do that okay
I'm gonna put this in here yeah and
we'll just see what happens yeah what do
you see what happens and then you know
we're filming and not much of this got
used because you couldn't I guess you
couldn't see it in camera but it started
smoking with the butter in there yes
that would make sense and then the bit
just became well it's malfunctioning and
it's loud and besides the smoke yeah and
then Mike wants to throw a firecracker
in there
just my name is get more smoke let's get
some sparks sure and he put a sparkler
into a pit full of popcorn and oil so of
course it catches on fire for real right
he just wanted the sparkler to make it
look like Joe is malfunctioning but it
caught on fire
right yeah that's why I ran with it yeah
of course
well that's the thing like dr. smoke
trees is saying it says right on their
Amazon page uses hot air to pop no oil
required rich read the instructions and
was like the instructions say we don't
need oil but you know what Mike and Jays
hubris turned out to be good comedy so
we'll take it
another is a relatively quick way to do
this you have to do blue first did we
yeah no oh no remember Costa goes that
one like straight ahead then to the left
then blue and well yeah good out there
then switch its boy yep they go
let's see here
or are we chikka MooMoo who says wife
decided to go out after work instead of
coming home for the traditional Sunday
stream so I'm tipping on her account hi
honey
well thank you chiku let's see here
anonymous says can rich his sister come
back so we can get another board game
stream that's up to her 8 our risk
stream probably not
I don't know how under risk she'd be but
we can absolutely do another board game
stream and what a perfect opportunity
you know I played a really fun board
game last night we went over to a
friend's house for dinner and a little
board gaming afterwards and we played a
game called tiny epic quest and oh
here's the one where peach comes in oh
I'm at the other already yeah nice and
it's it's this board game where you your
key you play like a little adventurers
and you have to like complete quests and
get items and it's basically like
village and of Zelda the board game yeah
and it was it was a really fun play we
were still learning so it took us a long
time but theoretically it's supposed to
take always take like 45 minutes an hour
to play one on whole game and Mario how
can your I move in there
yep the Sun a block of ice you're not
moving your eye
so I was like losing your voice easier
is that a sign of like submit a
fulfilled cancer this is the beginning
of the end for rich Evans times in one
week it's weird it's weird but it's also
the beginning of allergy season this is
true this is also the time that a summer
cold will come and get you because the
weather is changing there are many
things that can lead to a sore throat
local celebrity dies of throat cancer it
was at 11:00 the irony man who talks for
living gets throat cancer may be a
nightmare that would be a nightmare I
forget what the deal with this guy is
he's got the big shield obviously if you
remember I think you have to blow up the
shield first so I think you might even
be able to hit it from the front but I I
hit him from from the side and back but
I don't know if you have to
Jack recently watched hands of Steel did
you guys know the Italian guy in the
movie literally died filming a random
helicopter scene no no we did not we did
not yeah you know overall I think the
music in the game is really good a lot
of people are complimenting this battle
music I do think the music in the game
is nice
oh I know for some of you who were
around for our other stream have seen
this battle already yeah but we know not
a lot of people were around for that
battle so we're playing it again
and rich needs the wage and he just
turns towards whoever alright no rich
needs to play it so we can do an episode
on it
oh no that's into any damage you do need
to hit him from behind because I'd like
to film I'd like to film an episode and
I you're probably dying explosive damage
maybe there you go that's it something
close enough for your Grenada good
Renaud how you are Oh some ducks
oh yeah she's got her ducks I don't know
if I can she's got a cool dicks any
movies that have been so bad you
couldn't sit through them the the only
movie I ever stopped watching midway
through was way back in the day
foolishly foolishly rich I stopped
watching the Cable Guy because I didn't
understand it and I was like this is
dumb I don't get it I was looking I was
going in looking for a basic Jim Carrey
comedy yeah and it took me a good few
months to a year to read well I guess
like a lot of people talk about this
movie I'll watch it again on second
viewing I understood what the movie was
going for but that was the only movie
that I've ever stopped watching midway
through every other movie I guy I make
it all the way through and yeah of
course it was a mistake of mine I just
didn't understand it I didn't understand
what the movie was going for I do now so
see that green area if one of your
allies is within that green area they
they in her get healed she'll get healed
for every jump she makes huh but if you
jump and say Mario is on one of those
green tiles he will also get healed just
a heads up I knew someone who did the
same with Fight Club it happens and as
long as you know you can admit your
mistake and learn from it that's all
that matters
question is do I want to get too close
to this fucker I mean he looks like he
can do some day I know it does I don't
know what peaches ranges my weapons she
has the shotgun and and the duck so it's
that you know that's decent well and you
know what you can do you can move peach
and then before you hit a go into tactic
am and see you how her how her gun range
would work so like put her there and now
go into tactic am oh yeah but that's you
know you know what also works with that
just trying to take the shot oh sure but
if you wanted to if you wanted the
information before you moved her you
could have had it yeah what I guess I'm
saying congratulations
rapping while capping hit top ten in pop
G on North America's server
congratulations
yeah you did some good damage on them
let's see here dr. Harry Lime says hey
folks I've been enjoying the crap out of
dead cells thanks for showing it are you
thinking of doing another prereq
featuring a round of games you've played
recently we did that episode a while ago
thewhat we are currently playing right
now and let me tell you that was a bitch
to edit because we did like four games
and it took four times as long to edit
so I don't know if we'll be doing
another one of those I was hoping it
would be more of a quicker thing no and
I get him down enough healthy just
teleports over right out to worry about
getting too close now that's what he did
last time okay okay theoretically rich
won't do a thing
so but like you know something like dead
cells when it does get released fully I
could see us doing something on because
I enjoyed that I know rich enjoyed it as
well I am looking forward to dead cells
being finished that was a really fun
game to play so urban crisis where I'm
kind of done with pub G we had a lot of
fun streams with it but yeah just kind
of done with it
for the time being I'm still playing a
little bit here and there didn't heal
enemies - does she apparently not that
would have been very funny though
maybe after your turn he teleports
yeah dreamer TK I think we got we got
ourselves into a bit of a Friday the
13th pub G ruts even though like I don't
want to call it a rut because we were
having a good time and we had some fun
streams some fun moments happened oh
Jesus
oh Jesus that damage of actually a horse
so does he not teleport first things
first we need to live yeah sure no and
like you know like I said we had a lot
of fun playing those games and you know
there's there's gonna be new pub G Maps
coming out so maybe when the new maps
come out maybe when the new Friday the
13th Maps come out we'll play some more
rounds but I always like it when we when
we play different games
chicka MooMoo says wife's still gone
here's more money more Mario murder -
the sweet sounds of Danny Elfman this
does sound like a Danny Elfman sound
check
chicka-boom oh I just saw at this point
I'm just hoping the wife through you
know it stays out a little bit later cuz
if that's the if that's the trend I'll
take it that's nice that's nice healing
and you can upgrade this shit you know
you can upgrade that too because you
know right now she's just doing a little
bit of healing here and there but nice
double overwatch
not a divorce I'm just hoping she has a
good time and stays out a little bit
later I didn't say I hope she never
comes back as he talks well yes it's a
nice detail it doesn't just clip through
yeah oh here's where it's so it's the
third form that it teleports yes okay
let's see here Chuck Fox has just saw
Close Encounters in the theater it was
the first time I've seen the entire
movie and I thought it was incredibly
charming the only thing it was missing
was someone shouting zero-sum game I
don't understand that reference you
don't have to Jack okay the reference
understands you
great yeah Close Encounters is a great
movie that's great movie nice a nice
slow burn good Richard Dreyfus
performance really really meets ending I
enjoyed Close Encounters a lot was that
an arrival reference oh yes now okay now
that you've given me the point of
reference I understand what part of
arrival it was from what was it what was
it that you're that dad would say what
was it there's a new 4k scan of Close
Encounters oh shit
I'd go out to the theaters for that I
remember that early on in in my
relationship with Lisa showing her that
movie and just being like you have to be
cool with this movie she had never seen
it before that was one of those things
you know we were dating it's like you
have to be cool with movies and I'm
gonna watch movies and I showed that to
movies like that's the correct answer
that's the correct answer
Wow
yeah get that vampire oh he's immune to
it now she and the damage done I got a
crack alarm well yeah yeah but still
muted to the vampire effect and but I
guess you have pretty good health so it
doesn't it doesn't really matter also
releasing on UHD blue on September 19th
cool cool fine movie that goes
encounters fine movie finger-blasted
finger blaster MD 101 says did you guys
copyright r2 Darth Maul because that is
going to be the toy of the decade r2d2
death all the top half of Darth Maul
murder at the bottom half an hour - yes
yes from from your nerd crew of course I
was kind of straw a cover right most
likely yes
send out the duck it's adorable she has
a rubber duck grenade if your girlfriend
liked your favorite film but also liked
rogue one would you break up no you know
if she if she hated your favorite film
and also like throw like you know in the
magical world where I have a new
girlfriend I don't have a wife anymore
in this magical world and she hates my
favorite film and love's rogue one that
would probably be indicative of some
greater personality disagreements so in
this world yeah
are you a widow where'd she leave you if
I'm gonna if I'm gonna be truthful to
the world who currently exists probably
she's gonna leave me to share the kids I
want to take joint custody no I don't
think joint custody
because she thinks I'm a good father
it's just being a free daycare for her
so I'll get him I'll get him during the
weekdays she'll get him in the week Oh
are they healing him those little
fuckers oh yeah you have to take care of
those assholes what's the math what's
the mouth
he has 330 health can you get 330 health
and one what's the what's the mouth I
don't think you can at this point you
got to take out the healer at least one
healer but of course you spend one round
taking out one healer the other ones
gonna heal him even more
that was mostly joking I am a Highland
I'm a great fucking father and a pretty
okay husband I'm there I'm there
that's true I would I wouldn't I
wouldn't start living here in the rlm
studio I would hide I would hiding this
I would hide in the studio until
everyone left and then sleep on the
couch
oh I don't have her upgraded for the
remove oh the remove jump off head thing
sure shit let's see here Huff hard it
says good evening besides watching bad
movies what are your favorite types of
comedy films absurdist like Monty Python
parody like airplane or something more
contemporary thanks for being wonderful
no I appreciate different types of humor
I'm gonna plebeian you take me for an
artistic purist I write I'm gonna give a
really boring answer and just say
whatever is funny I like it all
can we melee him no no you cannot you
can't melee him no but can use like a
hammer I mean that could've really Oh
probably bad yeah you can do the slide
but I would assume you can use the
hammer I will say this I have not used
the hammer but I would assume you could
yes math the cruelty of math but no I
mean I like all sorts of companies Monty
Python is fantastic something just dumb
and funny like Ted I will defend Ted as
a coyote I thought that was really funny
and I don't always care for Seth
MacFarlane's humor but I thought that
was a really funny movie more absurdists
like David Wain I love a good parody is
worth its weight in gold you know any
Mel Brooks film I'll take anything
anything funny that's the only thing
that matters
like the you know fuckin Tommy Boy Tommy
Boy
is an amazing comedy I think I could
rewatch Billy Madison an infinite amount
of times the the Adam Sandler debut film
Billy Madison I could watch the crap out
of that John Hughes movies are fine
comedies as well but yeah there's a lot
there's a lot in the world
his debut yeah sorry I know he was in a
couple movies before Billy Madison but
Billy Madison was the first like Adam
Sandler movie you know right he was in
airheads no it was their heads after
that he was in overboard
that was like the firt of the first real
movie he was in but it wasn't
technically like an Adam Sandler how
nice that's the best for those dickheads
said oh yeah come on run him back come
on running back dickhead
airheads was before okay page get Mario
some healing except for he was on
overwatch know something sometimes you
got to take the head jack yeah right
like that's the thing Billy Madison and
to a lesser extent happy gilmore I
prefer Billy Madison over happy gilmore
they those were some unique comedies
someone in the chat is saying they had a
semblance of creative spark and they did
they were they were different and you
know say what you will about Adam
Sandler's style of comedy it's weird and
it's just weird enough to catch you off
guard and be funny at least for me
personally
I think there's some good judd apatow
comedy and some bad judd apatow comedy
is what i think about judd apatow
comedies the 40 year old virgin is a
very funny movie i think that has a lot
to do with the cast too though and like
funny people i didn't much care for so
you know it is it's it's it's it's a
little bit of what it is
thoughts on mckay I'm a little bias on
Adam McKay because he's one of the
founders of Funny or Die and so for a
while technically speaking he was my
boss I've got to meet him a couple times
and so I'm a little biased towards Ann
McKay but I mean anchorman is a
hilarious movie and I don't know if you
guys saw the nice thanks rich what the
big short did you see the big short no
that was his quasi docu picture the
bankers that caused the housing don't
automatically win huh oh we have to beat
everyone oh no you have to Doug just go
up to his head you just have to kick his
head if you want to beat everyone else
yeah like the big short the big short is
something really fun it's it's a
different kind of like I said doc you
picture like every time they explained
something technical it cuts to like a
babe in a bikini who's like in a Jacuzzi
and then chilled like explained the math
behind the housing crisis it's it's it's
a really good really good movie so in
any case I like Adam McKay's work I
haven't liked all of his work but I like
most of it comedy but like I think also
one of Judd Apatow's greatest strengths
is that of a producer I think he's
really good at finding the talent and
putting them with the right people a lot
like a movie I saw recently that I've
talked about before the big sick where
he found this original story and paired
it with the right actors and the right
director he you know he gave it to a
Michael Showalter who's really who's
very experienced with this type of
comedy and he put some bigger named
actors in there to help ground it and
help shape that movie so I think Apatow
has a lot of strengths as a producer I
like this game it's a good game Rick
this is a very good game
now rich was busy playing yeah it comes
disease brothers in the mythic oven
absolutely that's fine which is fine
this this game is a very fun game luigi
now has the three times overwatch yeah
yeah that should kick some ass him and
mario will be unstoppable together well
probably luigi is yeah his overwatch
shot does considerably less damage sure
he gets three of them but right now
they're only 50% of the normal damage
Cheerios are at a hundred thirty percent
right but smart he's doing 10 percent
more damage overall overall with the
overwatch shots but still these are
these are free shots he gets it yes yes
they're all free potshots Theodore
Larsson we are playing this on the
switch on the switch yeah like I don't
know did you guys see what was the was
the Seth Rogen Apatow movie about him
getting the girl pregnant knocked up
did you see knocked up
no it's fine try to remember more was
knocked up that's what let's go it's a
fine movie and it has some like decently
funny moments but because it didn't have
Steve Carell to me it lost a lot of its
like a lot of its heart Seth Rogen just
didn't have the heart that Steve Carell
had to to really make the comedy
endearing so Katherine Heigl is the
worst possibly possibly it's just like
I'm not saying it was a bad movie I'm
just saying you know compare and
contrast Steve Carell to Seth Rogen
even though i like seth rogen another
stuff i've talked about the interview
like ham and james franco in the
interview that's fuck yeah
it's a fantastic comedy movie that I
that I highly recommend
so James Franco or Seth Rogen is hit or
miss for me uh you know kind of depends
honey sticks people right honey stops
them from moving bounce moves them away
from you which do you think would be
more beneficial
honey would be great because it catches
enemies with the pants down their mid
cover and they stop right where you want
them to bounce is great for those big
fuckers with the with the slates because
it knocks them away from you
you know I haven't seen party down s
Carson but I've I've heard enough good
things about it where I'm sure I'd like
it if you should party down no no tofu
ace I do I want all my enemies caught
with their pants down mid cover
absolutely oh you missed something oh
look it tells you where it is yeah
that's fun in the desert in the patch of
desert near Peach's castle does it ring
a bell what doesn't matter I'm sure
these do more damage I imagine it's
about the same I simply can't find that
before doing it that ink damage that ink
damage though ink so it ink prevents
them from using their main weapon but
they can still use their second area but
right freeze prevents them from using
their secondary abilities but they can
still use their main weapon I have not
been impressed by ink well just you know
for for anyone who shoots it just stops
them from shooting
oh did you do the the Red Coins over
here yet
there's a red coin over yeah well what
to do about this thing that way I'm
gonna move that yeah they go
yay go
boom ah how are you doing this
well what Oh
so yeah you need the other block and
then you can do the red coin thing
marha does just want to fly i know i-i-i
i don't really like how he runs I don't
like his arms out like that I don't
quite get it but it is what it is
did you hear hey Jack and rich did you
hear about H gdq speedrun of the end is
9 I did not I'm assuming it would be a
part of agdq at some point I was oh of
course
what happened was it good I'm assuming
they announce I don't be the next big
agdq oh I didn't know if it happened
already and they were like hey it
happened and something funny happened
and he was this sort of the funny thing
that happened is that what you were
gonna say jet follow up with that agdq
things I'm Way suggest that it's been
accepted I'm waiting I'm waiting for him
though they had a pop-up event for
hurricane Harvey apparently Oh a gdq
that's great so yeah they're doing like
a impromptu games done quick for Harvey
relief when that's them they did it
today for Houston games done quick it
played 50 minutes so someone beat it in
50 minutes
Wow great they mentioned the awful voice
acting that was that was actually the
hardest part for them they skip all that
shit you don't see that time I'm scared
no the cutscenes are unskipable just to
fuck with it with the gamers just so
they hear your voice and it throws them
off a little bit according to guile X
they just announced they're over two
hundred thousand that's great that's
great news now there's that little one
whole thing yeah
that's great
lloyd beets end is nigh is different
than meatboy in a few ways but I mean if
if you're not into hard as balls
platformers I could see you not giving
it a go do you have hyper super meatboy
forever yeah but I like hard as balls
platformers so I do have pipe for Super
Meat Boy forever it looks it looks like
another Super Meat Boy game which in my
opinion is nothing but a good thing
because I really like Super Meat Boy
look at that pool bullet poor Bullet
Bill with underwear on his face that's
disrespect right there super trimmer TK
what a very strange statement Super
Mario Sunshine is better than this
they're two very different games I agree
with you but I also don't think that
they should be compared steak dinners
better than apple pie right right right
that's exactly the thing like vaguely
sensical statement sure
Jack would you tell rich that he looks
radiant tonight rich you look radiant
tonight Thank You mr. Murr come on says
so that Newt now and now you get to see
rich in all of his clarity and thanks to
our our new camera set up anchor Bob's
anchor what anchor bounce Inc or bounce
what's the ink damage like is it plus 58
as well yeah going with bounce that's a
tough call but you know you made it
that's how you how many times if
somebody has been inked and they just
ran over and hit me with their big log
or whatever it was oh yeah like if you
ink the big guys it's not gonna do much
bounce is always gonna be someone useful
you know what I'll take that I will
absolutely take them let's see here dunk
a Chino says this weekend I saw Neil
Breen's fateful findings Jesus Christ
I'm looking forward to it I think you
know we'll have to twist some more arms
but bud I'd like to get a Neal Breen
film in somewhat soon I'll freeze never
sucks yeah with all of this Oh freeze
damage yeah that sucks I made fresh
myself out of ah yeah I did great
selling his diets going well so far
what's going well diet oh good um this
is I'm three weeks into the diet a
little over 11 pounds down obviously
today's Sunday and so I just had my
cheat day so I'm back up a little bit
but usually a cheat day weight goes away
by like Tuesday or Wednesday
but overall I'm still down and I have
not broken the diet yet which is very
nice even though I'm constantly tempted
to and there are some cooking shows that
I enjoy like binging with babish where
he cooks stuff that people make in
movies or TV shows and as it gets later
in the week watching cooking shows
becomes unbearable so thank you so
honest I working for it I have a goal I
have I have a goal and and more
importantly the the key to any diet is
you just have to want it more than you
want the other things and that's I've
been keeping in mind the thing that I
want to accomplish you know there you go
you did it
no pressure but remember your success
inspires others who watch you I know no
pressure I also just know that it can
wait can fluctuate and weights is also
like the number is also not the only
indication of your weight weight loss or
of overall health where you know it's
also waist size and stuff like that but
I'm going I'm going for hopefully I'll
be back down in the 180 range by
Christmas that's my total goal and we'll
see if I reach it as long as I keep
working for it trench dev why the trench
chef says why you even go on the special
jaat diet just to eat less food and
exercise more so simple absolutely that
is a way to do it this is a diet that
I've done before and more importantly
it's a diet that works with my schedule
so I know exactly what to do I know that
it works and it's something that works
with my particular schedule so that's
why I go on the special diet and more
importantly it allows me the cheat day
which keeps me from slipping on other
days knowing that on Saturday I can eat
whatever I want and I can drink all the
beer that I want and that I can eat
horrible cheesy carbs means that I can
be good the other six days out of the
week and that what's what works for me
I'm not saying that it works for
everyone but it just works for me so how
tall am I I'm six
- I'm six - and I'm currently 198 pounds
that's not a spooky cape
it's got a moon in clouds super spooky
horrible cheesy delicious carbs there
they're the worst and they're the thing
I love the most
it's a ragged yo sheep what so we're
gonna get to Yoshi why would you say
that
so unenthused I hate Yoshi Yoshi I don't
know how to tell riches rich you know I
told you I'm the average 5-time okay
official measurement I don't remember
what it even fucking is sure it's about
510 I think okay midnight ambassador
this is on the switch the Nintendo
switch that's the only way you can get
this game currently corrected that's
true that's true
hunchback jack says 180 is about spot-on
for six - yes 180 is right is right in
the normal range is right in the middle
of the normal range and that's where I
like to be for a while I was 170 when I
was a super sexy skeleton but I'd like
to hang around that 180 range so
Yoshii never recovered after Yoshi's
Story
well yeah dreamer decay that's the plan
afterwards so my overall fitness goal is
once I reach 180 I will start trying to
figure out how I can gain muscle which
is something I don't know how and I've
never learned how to do properly so
that's my that's the next step but first
things first
lose weight then try to gain muscle but
we'll see 25 anything under 30 puts you
at risk for hardest I don't know what
that means Jerry are lovecraft
yeah chica mumun that's the thing like
the butt up also I want to concentrate
on losing fat first like I don't want to
try to do the cut bulk cycle that a lot
of people try to do where they try to
lose fat and gain muscle at the same
time I figured just concentrate on one
thing first Oh we'll do one you know
I'll keep you updated on my progress or
else you'll see how super ripped I get
right you'll see it on camera
super ripped Chuck Fox says Jack tips on
quitting weed I've been a daily smoker
for five years and need to stop that
it's the same as doing anything you just
gotta want the other thing more than you
want the one thing and if you need to
stop then you just got to stop man like
there's not much to it if you know
slowly remove your solo ring the amount
that you smoke is one way to do it maybe
if we're gonna go off of my diet things
maybe having a smoke cheat day say like
okay if I don't smoke six days out of
the week one day out of the week I can
smoke as much as I want and that will
keep you from smoking all six days of
the week if you need to cut for like a
job if you're getting a drug interview
for a job then you gotta quit man and
cut all your hair in case they take a
hair sample okay cuz they do that
so yeah if it's for drug tread test then
you got a you then you got a you got to
quit and quit for real and cut your hair
or find someone who has the same color
hair that you do that doesn't smell so
that's how Jack ended up that right
that's that yeah I know smoking pot
isn't physically addictive but it is
mentally addictive it there's a social
aspect to it there's a it just it it
feels good you know you people like
getting high generally and so I
understand just not wanting to give up
that feeling but I can tell you that as
someone who used to smoke all the time
and no longer smokes I have found that I
enjoy it more not smoking
I enjoy things more not smoking so
do with that what you will
right the face ooh oh my god you got
inked what do I have to remove status
thing is someone has to jump on your
head to remove your status shit
yeah Mario have rich up great admirer to
get double overwatch I don't regret it
no it's super badass there you go
now she's cleared who the zombie rabbits
oh yeah they have like a tattoo mask
isn't it cool yeah looking which trench
Ted says Jack how do I get the
motivation to do anything I cannot give
you that motivation my friend you gotta
want it you gotta think of something you
want and then you got to do it and then
after you do it you'll say hey man that
was great doing that thing I should do
this the next thing that I want to do I
don't know yeah he's dead this ain't
that him what's important
hey that is never enrage yep you were a
skeleton but you smoked pot no I was fat
when I smoked pot smoking pot is one of
the things that led me to being fat
thank you
communism fall communism says fall fall
for remembering you get a free twitch
subscription we will gladly take that
meekest you don't have to believe me
when I say I was fat you can Weathers
video proof of me being large watch the
the great Space Jam behind the scenes
video and you will see how large I am so
what's the victory thing it's in the
upper right hand corner wait till
they're done they're getting a lot of
dudes I see that defeat 10 enemies
that's right yep
so you were thick was your hair thicker
as well actually yeah in the in the that
behind-the-scenes video I have a full
beard kind of longest hair oh thank you
Tiberius but what year that was maybe
six five six years ago and I was fat and
I was a stoner well before that
oh sorry two beers I thought you were
linking to that I don't know where you
find it hold on I mean let me see if I
can find a link
oh it might be that might be a patreon
only thing it's behind a paywall let's
see if I can find that it was on YouTube
hold on that's a great speech Jim it's
maybe the first story this night was oh
yeah yeah oh shit it might be behind it
might be behind the patreon pay wall so
I've been telling people to go to that
for a while so sorry I don't I don't
give to the RL on patreon that would be
weird
Oh half in the bag episode 10 the 48
hour film project says trench and dev
yeah you can also see me like with a
full beard and long hair if you watch my
my poop again shorts on my youtube
channel I am in it as the mayor and
that's when I have my biggest beard and
longest hair that I've ever had so I
used to have quite the beard in hair and
gut most importantly biack beard hair
and yet that's so awesome
just 40 health just for doing nothing
just for moving basically a full health
yeah that's great that's great Ezekiel
jeans before we were talking about
patent because he was in his face cap
and we're talking about going out to LA
to shoot patents segment he did not have
much time as patent is one of the
busiest men in Hollywood at any given
time he is in everything he wants to be
involved in everything he can be but we
knew he was a fan and he said if we
could set up a location to shoot him in
a location for him to shoot that wasn't
out of his way he could spare us 15 20
minutes and so I called some old friends
over at Funny or Die
who have a really nice studio kind of
you know right in the middle of Los
Angeles and I said hey if we come here
on this date can we just steal your
studio for a half an hour and they
weren't shooting anything that day so we
got really lucky
and we're able to hang out at Funny or
Die for a little bit and he came by and
we shot his little his little segment in
space cap and that's it Mike you know we
shot with him for a little bit you know
sat at a folding table and read his
lines and we did our little
back-and-forth that's me whispering to
him in when he's the chief of space
police I'm the one having a little
back-and-forth with him it was a really
fun shoot bud yeah it was it was really
fun and he he was done shooting we got
to hang out with him for approximately
five minutes he wanted to chat about
some best of the worst stuff and some
just some fun movie stuff and that's it
then he was off I think at right
afterwards he went to go shoot Conan and
actually I think he talked about Space
Camp a little bit on that Conan he went
to go shoot a Conan segment and it was
unfortunately it was the same day that
Letterman was having his last show so
now Joe that Conan told nobody to watch
go watch Letterman's last show advance
with Patton and halfway through the
Patton interview he says Letterman is
starting now everyone go watch Letterman
and then afterwards Patton talks about
being in space come
is that Jack I'm a Nintendo shirt in
that video in what video in the in the
great Space Jam video could be
so it was it was it was a really fun
trip it was it was very hectic you know
it's it's nerve-wracking because we were
in a studio we didn't
we've never been in before luckily like
I said all the funnier or die people
were incredibly gracious to us like they
in the studio like helped us set up
everything even though they didn't have
to everyone was just very nice that's
the importance of making friends that's
something we talk about a lot when
people say you know when people say like
is going to film school worth it just
the answer is still no no the answer is
yes rich it's and it's 75% yes because
not because of what you will learn there
in the textbooks but because of the
friends you will make those are the
friends that will help you out later in
life so you know working with Funny or
Die from back in the day gave me some
contacts which really ended up helping
you like helping us out of what could
have been an incredible Jam just because
I made some friends early on so that was
that was great Cerie Chen we're happy to
hear that you're not dead where you just
got to see which perform fairly
piss-poor excellent before that like a
fucking aced every other mission tonight
sinnerman says unless they hate you in
which they will destroy your career
every chance they get well like I said
make friends don't be a dickhead and
make contacts make friends make people
who want to work with you again
be open to work in other people's
projects
part of the reason why I knew half of
the people I knew at Funny or Die was
because when my cousin Jake went to
Northwestern for film anytime he needed
help on any project I would be there and
helping him and helping his classmates
in helping whoever I could making
friends a lot of some of those people
not a lot of them some of those people
ended up working for Funny or Die so
that's you just you go and you help and
you make friends is Shrek in this game
no I want honey damage and a short-range
weapon so they'd be right next to me to
melee me next turn why would you ever
want that cool done I know that has a
short cooldown - it's the same
oh well then ya know there's no reason
why you'd want honey damage very long
time ago and fat enough to have man
boobs
oh no that I have man blue I'm sure I
mean I was big eyes big dude oh god yeah
that's a good that's a weird short and
that's not even me and my fattest that's
not even me and my fattest before you're
faster on your way down before my
fattest that was on my way up
I should have gone back and not some of
the challenge oh I see there you go
that's a good that's a nice fat Jack
Russian football kicker that's a nice
fat Jack yeah look at that good
yeah that's a good one now you guys are
kidding oh you just got banned rich we
just got bear motherfucker and you know
what that's fair I made you look at my
naked shirtless self say Jim you came
back just in time and she's gone again
before I forget someone was saying I
recommended seltzer water to quit soda
and beer no just plain carbonated water
not seltzer water not tonic water just
plain flavorless carbonated water is a
great replacement for soda unless you
like the flavor button rich Richard
Edlund Evans
let's see yeah what are we doing here
huh fired it says hey again jack have
you ever watched the BBC panel show Qi
it was hosted by Stephen Fry only
knowing you thought the computer screen
and not only knowing you through the
computer screen and not personally I
feel like it would be a good Jack show
I've kno I've never seen it no you know
Tiberius I'm gonna say that I want to
say seltzer water is different than
carbonated water but I could be wrong
I think car wash is sparkling water it's
just water with bubbles in it and
seltzer has other things in it yeah he
makes little scared noises I think
there's also spooky noises in general
happening all right I'm thinking of
writing a script for speed to cruise
control reboot - any thoughts well so
they did the bus and they did a boat for
speed - you can't really do a boat again
I'm thinking about specifically
rebooting speed - with the boat with the
bow skipping the the first movie in the
series sure how have you have you
thought about maybe maybe glomming onto
the Titanic craze and just you know go
go historical reboot and maybe that's
why the Titanic hit the iceberg is
because they couldn't slow down just
spitballing here
there was a Mad Bomber on the Titanic
yeah rig the boat so it couldn't slow
down slow down
or else the bomb would go off and so
then it's a madcap caper to stop the
bomb
my good lady I'm afraid we must keep
speeding towards those ice bags what is
your deal is there a plane buried under
one of these things or something I wish
I could tell you rich three of these
this is one of those
PSA the Wikipedia entry for carbonated
water has a marvelous animated gif great
and while I will check that out later oh
I see there's eight I see eight you must
have missed the first one it was a
different thing with them otherwise I
think I accidentally walked into the Red
Coins ring while I was doing it sure
thank you there you go uh the Shred
Baron says keep doing all the awesome
things that you guys do maybe you know
that's that's kind of the unofficial
plan but no guarantees
yeah what's this puzzle one this didn't
work I don't know if that is a puzzle
I'll be honest with you
is it the same as that no no and you
have it those two in different places
you need to move them each down one
right
wait go look at your blocks no no I
guess you're right look at your blocks
again huh then I don't know man
then I don't know let's see here voodoo
mama gonzo says thank you for validating
my decision to not buy a switch but I do
appreciate the variety of games you play
for us by the way super stoked to see
biscuit that's that's another pro Lego
sorting stream looks right what if
you're supposed to do the ATLA mirror of
Ed Rich how about how about a mirror I
bet I bet it's a mirror just put I'm
just I'm you know spit ball like what's
the puzzle right it's either it's either
exactly or a mirror and you try it
exactly so I'm going a mirror did that
one needs to come back one though want
to you're right sorting stream is over
once Jack steps on a Lego very possible
no yeah well no your that blood break
needs to go back one I mean that one to
your left
nope the one on the one on the strip no
no not that one put that one back where
it was that a Oh
Mirror Mirror magician call man 20 power
orbs that's pretty nice that's that a
word the word nothing that's not nothing
nope no no no this kind of makes me want
to buy a switch yeah you know it's the
switches get in the library
it's quick get in the library up there
you know all great questions this makes
me want to play XCOM that's a thing like
remember like you can currently play a
full version of X come on an iPad and it
apparently it plays great on the iPad so
you don't necessarily have to go on by a
switch just for this but this is a very
cute game and I think a pretty good game
maybe wait till Mario Galaxy I don't
know Mario Odyssey comes out the same
day as stranger things the season 2
interesting
Mario Odyssey comes out next month right
and they find a fine day
XCOM is on the iPad I'm never leaving
the bathroom again it is and apparently
it plays just as well on an iPad which
way did you come from
oh you've done this right we have you
been through here I presume um yes let
me see what battle is next and I'll tell
you for sure the haunted theme you've
been in the haunted area oh yeah I know
I've been in the hug I were early in the
haunted areas oh yeah no I I just hit
actually I just hit the end of the
haunted area I'm at the boss battle
right now of the haunted here okay
you've been doing any of them the
challenge yeah I did a couple of the
early ones just to see what they were of
these fuckers rich these fuckers these
are they teleport so your overwatch is
useless against them and doesn't kind of
movement and they they're the ones that
can suck you towards them with their
music right these fuckers are bastards
yes
when Metroid Samus Returns come out
there will we will stream that 100% cuz
I really want to play it 100%
dr. Chuck but mud they do not have X
come to on the iPad they have XCOM enemy
unknown within the iPad sorry for any
confusion this is all about what you can
do to them immediately
those teleporters yeah they will wreck
your day should have brats
hey peach let's see here
Siri Chen says holy G it's been forever
wow this game wow your camera how's the
chat doing any new ridiculous inside
jokes that they won't let die hope y'all
are doing well Jack and rish x festival
x festival x festival it's all tongues
festival yeah we got the new camera
since you've been gone we we just
figured out a microphone thing that
should help for blowing out speakers
today we got some new emotes lot lots
you know and we're still here being
jackasses so a lots changed some things
happen happy to have you back Sarah Jen
oh yeah a lot of watching sixes a lot of
Mad trap strats a lot of Bush strats so
you've missed a few but I'm sure the
chat will catch you up don't worry yeah
I think you might have missed all of the
Mad trap strats from Friday the 13th so
missed all right so you got to get on
that
we've got to get right on that all right
anonymous says how long before kids
start calling XCOM a ripoff of this game
and is rich sufficiently prepared to
educate such children when the time
comes you know I see where the snark is
coming from but here's what I'm gonna
say they're not wrong what they're not
wrong what do you mean
kids will call this right but I don't
think that will always be a bad thing be
with me here for a second right before
you before you get crazy I don't give a
shit what kids think well I can think
whatever stupid thing they want what
what I'm thinking is that this could
Mario Rabbids kingdom battle could be
the gateway drug that brings kids into
the fold of turn-based strategy games
sure and so there might be the kid buu
that's like what's this XCOM ripoff of
mario Rabbids but about aliens lame I'm
like upset about that yeah it's fine oh
we sure kids like this that's fine oh
yeah no and you know what they might be
raw like I'm sure there are kids out
there yeah look I know he's kinda out in
the open isn't a cover kind of worked
out again like like remember all that
like Paul McCartney Fiasco when he did a
song with Kanye West and all the kids
were like wow Kanye West discovered this
really cool older artist even though
everyone knows who the Beatles are but
for those kids maybe they didn't know
who the Beatles were and that opened up
a world for them so I think there's some
positivity that could be AB
they hate them something we G they're
for murder they like the murder
Dubey sandwich well we're using we got
the elgato cam link which is this really
amazing little thing that turns any HDMI
output into a webcam and so I'm actually
using my Panasonic gh2 with a brand-new
awesome lens not brand new it's used I
got used but a new lens for me that I
got running the HDMI out into the Elgato
cam link which is why our webcam looks
so freakin nice and I'm really happy
with how it looks at the moment got an
are the lens we got is a 20 millimeter
1.7 f-stop so it works great in
low-light situations like rich and I are
in right now and what lens Woodlands
like I said 28 so it's a Panasonic 22
millimeter prime F 1.7 and so we're
running at a fairly like medium ISO
which means not a lot of grain and I
think it looks really great as you can
see we have a beautifully shallow depth
of field so rich and I should be in
clear focus and all the tapes behind us
should be a little bit blurry to help us
seem a little crisper
battery is fine for the DSLR it's
plugged into plugged into power it's
plugged into power and I have it turned
so I have it set up so it doesn't auto
turn off but so plug in power
everything's fine
theoretically dooby sandwich we could
stream these games at 60 frames a second
and theoretically we could even bump up
to 1080 we currently stream at 720 which
I want to do to make sure that our
streams run smoothly button
theoretically as hardware and internet
connections get better we could bump our
frame rates and our resolution up even
more
when asked about our LM the director of
the last jet I said I love them but I
fear them did you see that I didn't see
that but I could see it someone tweeted
at him what do you think about our LM
and he and he guy and he's got back and
said I love them but I fear them that's
great don't fear the reaper well you
know someone was saying what power you
guys hold I don't there's a there's a
power there he just doesn't want a bad
review no power we can't stop the Disney
Empire also it's not like he's gonna
call you all up and be like I was
thinking about doing this with the movie
nice nice flight bearish but maybe just
maybe he's thinking about what critics
might say and maybe that makes the movie
better maybe that makes the movie worse
we don't know we don't know that wasn't
so bad
yeah they get a lot more devious once
they start showing up with other enemies
probably gonna be a prioritization issue
absolutely absolutely
is this getting harder well rich you
know we just had a one of a bad dish
mission and I just like I said one of
the challenge missions really was
wrecking my shed
yeah it was a towed escort mission oh
yeah
you know that's nothing I like that like
the the variation vary it up sometimes
you got to escort someone sometimes you
just got to get to the end sometimes you
have to kill a certain number of things
I like that they keep it they keep it
fresh that's nice
my n64 did not have an empty expansion
RAM slot I was having a different issue
with it the new n64 or the new used n64
I got the problem I was having with it
was it the image that was shown on the
TV was stuttery and glitchy and it did
have the it didn't have the RAM
extension in it but it did have a normal
remnant
I rethink where G yeah
just cuz he said he has such low health
yeah he's right now he's a he's a
liability rich currently he is a
liability
Jeffress SEC I see your tip I'm not
going to read it as it might contain
small Twin Peaks spoilers I don't know
if they are or not but I acknowledge
your tip anonymous says rich Evans yes
is cute heart emoji thank you so same
fan hard a lot of fans don't think I'm
here that's decidedly unflattering oh
well some people are dickheads what are
you gonna do what are you gonna do I was
talking about this earlier I don't know
if people were around for that I watched
the first episode of Twin Peaks and
finally finally buckled and got a a
Showtime subscription so I watched Twin
Peaks
hopefully binge it and from the first
episode I'm I'm really looking forward
to it's very David Lynch II which isn't
always a pro for me a lot of David Lynch
I don't like I get what he's going for
and I respect the art that he's creating
but that's not always my thing one of
the reasons why I always liked Twin
Peaks was cuz I thought it was a nice
meld of the normal with little flares of
David Lynch and so far it's a little
more David like first episode of Twin
Peaks is a little more David Lynch than
I would like but which I know is the
exact opposite everyone else is saying
but
so I'm but I'm still looking forward to
it I mean I'm into it one episode in
save up for the big stuff snooch to
nooch there is another rich jack review
episode in the can I don't know when it
will be released it probably not anytime
soon because the review of blind fury
just went up and you don't want to
release two reviews too close to each
other but yes there is another rich in
Jack one and I'm sure there will be more
that's a lot
what oh yeah and the more damage means
the more vampire vampire came it'll be
me and Jay reviewing Sister Act two
back in the habit and I just the entire
like I will review the entire Sister Act
Cinematic Universe which only consists
of two films but I will do it fucking
love Sister Act fucking love it
West Coast I have very little control
over when the review will be released
shotguns
that's so much in this game um do
shotguns and XCOM blow up your cover
well they go snus a nutria says riches
control holding pattern amazes me you've
been kind of all over the place
I do that and that's fine I always do
that yeah that's fine you do you rich
you do you look at peach that adorable
little princess with a big-ass shotgun
it's great okay I don't want her
specifically because this phantasm
seemed like a teleport but the weed used
to fragile even though he's got the
long-range weapon so I need movement I
need people who can flank she's got
those de that grape - I wish end 8 cells
of movement it sounds of movement it's
seven Mario I want to upgrade that but I
can't afford it yet yeah let's talk of
them anyway well yeah you have to be
Mario but like Mario and Peach
Luigi rabid is not a bad combination
also also a shotgun but he's got eight
cells of movement oh yeah he's got an
explosive - and he has that magnetic
dance thing that can get people out of
cover for your other two
all right rabbit Mario then I got no
healing well I got healing all right
your vamp yearling that might be all
right kind of weapon do I have for you
all right actually we can't use Mario
Rabbit Mario until we get a four camp
with a better weapon yep that's true
true dad and there's no longer on the
team go yeah go peach go go og roster
they're rich on your weapons like I'm
like what what when do you suppose it
saved that's weird
yeah it just crashed yeah isn't this
what's getting overheated a can it I
guess it theoretically it's a computer
so it can see how hot it is that's
fucking weird that's really strange yeah
you just you just witnessed that live
with us it crap why would it overheat
while you're going through the menus you
know hottish the game yeah the game
crashed not the switch mario Rabbids
crashed
fans runnin like fans really runnin
button let's should be fine okay yeah
that was very strange yeah Mario Rich
was going through the the tree the skill
trees that's what I'm saying like he
wasn't in a graphically intense part of
the game he was going through the skill
trees deciding which upgrades by when
Mario rabbits kingdom battle decided to
no longer work
how um how strange LL Cool jeans I have
seen Logan while I thought it was an
alright movie with all the hype it had
when it first came out I was frankly a
little disappointed by it had some
really neat action but I just thought it
was kind of mad I didn't I wasn't into
it like other people were I no Tiberius
I know thank you thank you dr. smoke
trees I it was this might be some slight
Logan the spoilers and so if you haven't
seen Logan yet this might get a little
Logan spoilery I'll wave my hands when
we're done with Logan spoilers my main
problem with it is lo it seemed to be
one of those movies where you thought
Logan was going to learn a lesson
finally and we might get some sort of
character arc and there really wasn't
the the the movie starts with him being
a reactionary
not you know fighting out of anger more
than for a cause and then at the end of
the movie he it's not like he makes a
decision to stay with the kids and
protect them in fact he's going away
from them and then only after they're
attacked once again he acts
he's reaction airily taking action to
save the kids it's not for anything he
he starts off a hothead he ends off a
hothead he happens to save some kids in
the meantime that's it I it was a fine
movie
I thought the him and Professor X thing
was some parts were good some parts I
didn't much care for I thought the Logan
clone was kind of laughable and that's
it I just like it was fine now like I'm
not saying it's bad I'm just saying it
was fine and everyone seemed to really
fucking love it all right that's it no
more Logan spoilers all done with Logan
spoilers the farce awakens I disagree
with their assessment on Logan
Wow so right and that's okay it's okay
for us to disagree on things we don't
have to always agree on things and
that's fine but ah
logan is a movie I think anything is a
fine it's a perfectly adequate movie
okay so you made it out of the battle
that's good Oh dr. Smoketree says when
you don't like a movie that everyone
else loves do you ever think you should
go rewatch it because maybe you were
wrong and missed something or it just
weren't right in the right mood that day
right mood is a fair point okay can't
afford him anyway
what was it the other day someone was
making someone made a little a little
commentary video on guardians of the
galaxy - and it's someone whose opinion
I generally if I don't always agree with
him I at least appreciate it so I
watched this video unlike the virtues of
guardians of the galaxy - which is a
movie that I didn't much care for and
all of her points were about how good
the characters were and all the
character work and I generally agree
that I liked all of the characters in
guardians of the galaxy I don't
necessarily appreciate some of the
writing of that characters I think it's
a little sloppy I think there's a ton of
tell don't show which is generally
speaking of a bad aspect of movies but I
did agree like so I like I watch this
knowing that I didn't like guardians -
and it did make me appreciate some of
the characters more I still hold firm my
opinions on the writing yeah Lindsey
Ellis that's her name
Lindsey Ellis just put out a thing on
guardians - thank you I often forget
people's names so
seeing her video on it made me think
more highly of the characters of
guardians but I still don't think
overall it's a very good movie Logan
would take some convincing it would take
some convincing and I don't know if I
would if I would be there because I I am
usually pretty good at remembering
things in movies and paying attention to
movies and picking up on all of the
little things I'm supposed to pick up on
and I didn't see no character arc
whatever - a little bit worried about
the shotgun with peach that look yeah
hunter corn I think that's the first
video I saw of hers to her video on the
three-act structure and how it relates
to Disney's you can watch a Disney's
Hercules movie and basically have that
act as a class on the three-act
structure because it's so formulaic that
that it hurts and I'm yeah she hears a
lot of really fun videos that Lindsey
Ellis
his character act in the film I think
you missed something or were distracted
usually the things you look at and do
something no it's got the glowing eyes
and that's what the drawing attention to
I don't know hey I guess just spooky -
something spooky or is that gonna be the
Val Creek it turns into a ghost thing I
don't know
we did lose some stuff
oh yeah but not that much no are you
telling us you're going to keep watching
Blade Runner until you get it now I
remember I like Blade Runner rich rich
and Jay are the ones that think it's
boring yeah I really love chances ya
know I really enjoy Blade Runner but
like I like I said I'm as far as Logan
is certain I won't get too into it
because you know just in case the
spoiler he's I I didn't see I didn't see
the arc he he acted the same at the
beginning of the movie than he did at
the end and I'm a big fan of the show
don't tell that and and it just was oh I
just thought he was hanging out by
himself I was like is that a battle over
there flags
oh yeah there it is so is it possible to
like something and still critique it of
course one you can be critical on why
you like it you can point out all the
things you like and two you can like
something but not like all of it oh yeah
the ghosts
oh you guys ki k kentley yes we both
like this game we both like this game
that's good I can't understand I well
how about another time I will get into
more specifically my dislike and it's
not even a dislike it's my dislike of
Logan and it's not even a dislike it's
just I don't think it's that good but
it's alright it's a fine movie it's just
like not the greatest thing ever because
everyone said it was the greatest thing
ever
which is not the strongest criticism you
can have a movie I will get into it more
specifically later because I've already
said no spoilers so and I know rich
doesn't care and he won't care about
spoilers but maybe other people do I
will get into it a Logan review there
you go now you're talking
alongside
it's madness to me that it seems as a
shallow film and that's incredibly the
opposite of what I took away from it
yeah well that's the thing it's okay for
us to have different you know coming
coming out of a movie with very
different feelings and that's the
Internet
yeah yeah I just logged in today I
created my my account and logged into
the Internet
he threw a grenade zecha he threw one of
them grenades at Jem first being jumped
on get scared of a person jumping
secured the person who gets jumped on
gets cured that's very possible
the ghosts in Mario's are are called
booze that is a boo bill and Tamm says
I've been watching our alum for years
I've always wondered do y'all work
full-time for the production company
Mike J and rich do technically speaking
I don't work at all for our LM we do
previously recorded here but that's our
own thing and other than that I have my
own production company where I make
commercial videos and the such insolence
that's good yeah they can't shoot you
like their asses and heal
no problem villains ahem my production
company is called rlm no thanks beefcake
yeah I'm brand new to the Internet like
my myspace account
I'm sorry coffee for mana my production
company is not hiring my production
company currently employs one person and
that is me
he teleports me before their turn yes
yes he does drop in and overwatch their
asses maybe we'll be able to overlarge
their asses
do I give myself paid vacation days no
vacation days means that I'm not working
and I make no money that's why when you
have your own business you end up
working all the time because why would
you not
thanks decepticon we appreciate it
Oh with the grenades I know dickheads
yeah no it's vacation equals no current
clients yeah and when you have no
current clients I usually find myself
trying to do something that will get the
attention of possible client in the
future
you make the weird video you help a
buddy out with their project you do this
you do that always doing something
ooh nice burn nice burn it's true also
working right now yep
ten beers that splitting hairs Liana
says the only way to get vacation is to
bus ass in advance and get ahead for a
few weeks but then you're putting in
twice the work before your vacation so
does that make the vacation worth it
usually what I'll do is I'll I'll find
like as far as vacation times and if I
have a current project what I will do is
any sort of editing I have to do on
something I will bring a little bit of
that with me on vacation and maybe take
either a couple two hour days or like
one like six hour day and get some
editing done a while on vacation and
that'll mitigate it a little bit you
never work with Mike and Jan film stuff
or just appear yeah I'm just here
because we're friends
and we do the show like if they ever you
know did a commercial job I'm sure they
would pay me but they might not also
have you I don't know then I probably
wouldn't show up
jackets place to store gear that's true
it's a studio that he can use every now
and then boom without having to pay
anybody there are there are benefits
oh no and also I have people who I can
count on to help me with any shoot
anytime yeah who know how to be a part
of a production I can't tell you how
many shoots Mike and Jay have helped me
out on throughout the years because
that's how it works
and it's really easy to work with them
not only because we're friends but
because they know what they're doing so
I can say hey go set up those lights
there I'm going to shoot here and they
can just do it and I don't have to worry
about it
so know there are there are definite
benefits page is just stone cold in this
game she graven she will fuck you up
nameless Corsair you are absolutely
correct you have to know the right
people it's not just about making shit
it's about knowing the people who will
help you make the shit you've gone off
on to other things I don't know what
you're doing now cran doe kazooie
The story in which I met Mike, Jay, and Rich
is really boring because we just had a
common friend.
It was a gloomy November day.
Storm was coming in.
while while running his father had just
died running on the street to get out of
the rain I accidentally bumped shoulders
with a young man carrying his parcels in
my haste I tried to help him get his
parcels back in his bag he refused to
loan you money to get a taxi to get to
your father's funeral
wait a minute you met Mike he refused to
give it to loan you money to catch the
taxi so you can make it to your father's
funeral he was still upset about me
bumping into the parcels and I said I'm
sorry sir I'm running because I'm late
for my father's funeral
if only there was some way like I could
get a taxi I just currently have no
money and mike said yeah that sounds bad
bye
so and and J actually is even funnier
story he killed my father I met him at
the police station at the trial and even
though there was DNA evidence linking
him to the murder of my father he got
off on a technicality
you know but you know what we ended up
talking we liked some of the same movies
and yeah my father is alright so yeah
you know
wash wash either way so no it's that's
really that's a much better story what
is so anyone asking that's what it
really is the the real story is I had a
friend who had a friend no no I had a
friend who was friends with Jays
girlfriend at the time that's what it
was and I was making videos and Jay and
Mike were making videos and one day they
were gonna make a grubaugh ski video and
needed an actor and so my friend who was
friends with Jays girlfriend said hey
what about Jack he makes videos and like
whatever if he'll show up that's fine
what oh right I'm sorry Jay's gay you're
right I know I mean I forgot the joke I
forgot that I forgot the J joke I'm
sorry I'm you're right I didn't even
think about that but there's something
funny about being gay no I'm saying that
everyone is saying Jays JYJ's gay cuz
that's the joke um no the joke is that
Jay is gay obviously so it's a joke to
be gay it's
we really are an all right channel good
night everybody
