Final Fantasy Sevens-es with the Evans’ (Part 1)
November 12, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zHdAs7_xaQw

Oh, my god.
Who, who are you? And hello everyone
Hello everyone and welcome.
Hi.
Hi.
let's not a for you that's a hello well everyone know everyone should say hello at first and we should confuse everyone because of all the extra people so everyone say hello who's in the room.
Hello.
Hello.
Hi.
okay now, no one introduce yourself and we'll confuse them for two minutes.
Okay. Sounds like fun.
It's a lot of people a lot of people so many people we're here we are actually playing Final Fantasy 7.
They're orcing me to.
Okay now everyone introduce yourself.
I'm Erin. I'm the other sister.
I'm Katie. I'm the first sister, who's actually not the first sister, but whatever.
You were the first sister on the stream.
Details.
Katie the prom queen, right.
I'm Jim, the dad. 
I'm Karen, the fiancee.
That's everybody.
All of the Evanses.
There are so many Evans's in this room that I'm a little uncomfortable, but we're here, we're making the best of it.
YOu feel left out don't you?
I, no, no. I'm happy that it's not my family.
That's a pretty, pretty sane reaction.
So, you're here fleeing Brexit?
Uh, well, you know, there's problems on both sides. We're sampling the smorgasbord of political options.
Out, out of the brexit, into the fire. Absolutely.
Dumpster fire.
Into the dumpster fire.
No camera this stream, chat. We're very sorry. There are, this...
Just, just too much.
It's too filled with people, and we can't get a camera in here. We can't fit one.
Plus I know you're all jerks. Every single one of you.
Yeah. It's true. Okay, uh, so what are, what are, we're playing Final Fantasy.
Does this not take a controller?
Oh, my god.
Final Fantasy VII.
Does it not take a controller?
It's not doing anything.
Oh, dear. 
Oh, here. Let's just get past...
Is it frozen?
No, here. There we go.
All right, it seems to have...
Yay.
Everything's fine. Look at that sword, Rich.
Crisis averted.
What a cool sword.
It's the dumbest-looking, it's just a hunk of metal. 
It looks so cool.
It is the dumbest-looking sword.
We're gonna play with a cool sword, Rich.
It's a sword that's essentially a surfboard.
God, what is this, a Silver Surfer game?
He doesn't actually surf on it.
Get it together. Rich. 
Uh, yeah, no, there's a bun-, there's a bunch of Evans here. Welcome everyone to the stream. Uh, if you have any questions about Rich, uh, as a baby or child, now is the chance to ask them.
Does this game start, do we just go around on the stars for like a year.
Well, they've already seen a number of pictures of you as a baby and a child. There's the, the Rich Evans baby picture. There's the...
The birthday boy.
Frankly, I...
Dick the birthday boy.
I think the internet knows more about your childhood than we do.
That's very possible.
That's probably true.  
Yeah. Uh, it, it, the, the Dick the birthday boy picture is, you know, huge on the internet. Everyone on the internet knows that picture. Everyone loves it. But more importantly, the, the question on everyone's mind, head, is the, uh, the portrait of Rich as a baby. We need to know where that comes from.
It came from my mother.
But it's not, it's not signed by her. It's signed by an E Lamp. You keep saying it was, uh, your mother. It can't be.
Or maybe his mother commissioned it.
Maybe she used a pen name.
Okay. 
Did she, did she have a, so you think she painted it?
I, I thought she, I thought she painted it.
It's lovely. It's a lovely painting.
Of course, the safe course of action is to take anything that our dad says with a grain of salt.
Okay.
So is this, is this, I wonder if this game, if I need to play this egg to make you
translate listen up Japanese mode no no
just gonna start it's gonna start I
promise there's gameplay we will have to
at least the button through a few text
boxes yeah all right I did there's some
polygons fighting hold on
oh the realistic graphics oh my god what
your did this come up was it 97 let's
say let's say it is because it's great
you might have to hold down about the
directions oh you're gonna fight no I'm
gonna describe the a button over and
over you're gonna fight look at you look
at you with your sword
wow we know this is secretly your
favorite game reach you won yeah sure
achievements are meaningless you're with
a group of soldiers oh yeah you wait
okay okay here's the deal with you know
you want to be a video game voice actor
the script right yes your nightmare I
say here is your big chance he was in
soldier Jesse but he quit moves with us
now I didn't catch your name
now this no is a great idea that we do
all the voices but we probably want to
just chitchat otherwise so no no the
baby has a lot of text yeah I know I
know it's it has a lot of reading and
the gameplay is questionable
but yeah let me hold on let me get too
tipsy us some tips maybe give us some
you know some things talk about a
decisive monkey cat saying hi to all
Rich's family thank you for joining us
Jack Lamont who says never thought they
would see the day that rich Evans
carries a fine phrasing well is frozen
right how you feel so far which I mean
this is this gameplay visit even ran
down my streaks pretty awesome
okay I'll make the controversial
statement that Final Fantasy seven is
the best final fantasy because it is the
one that came out when I personally was
being introduced to videogames
sure sure how do you feel about I think
the very first Final Fantasy I played is
10/10 did you play 10 - no I
I've haven't played any of them after
nine oh okay
I liked 10 - because instead of changing
the characters have you played as girls
and you changed outfits I can have
adorable outfits what they like pop
idols they were there were singers and
if you wanted to be like a fighter you
put out a stylish fighter outfit and it
was adorable
so your penchant for barbie kind of
things goes dress-up and I'm not ashamed
if he is married just to clarify yes
Jackie's upset I'd like that's my
favorite part of ex-commies dressing if
the soldiers uncomfortable enough in my
masculinity that I like playing dress-up
all right so do you buy like DLC packs
of outfit changes in games at all for
anything no but I will spend a lot of
time like trying to unlock specific
outfits you know getting my character to
look
I am I'm a slave to fashion everyone
knows about really really rich you
you're being all the bad guys there you
go my t-shirt spreadsheet is the stuff
of legends I have read shit yeah well
you know we do we do the shows and I
like to wear like t-shirts with things
on them and I don't think it would be
good if I wore the same t-shirt twice
bro you don't film things necessarily
always like it could be like weeks apart
or something and I think it would be
weird if someone clicked on the video
and I'm wearing one shirt and then they
click on the next video and I'm wearing
the same shirt that would be very
strange so I have an Excel spreadsheet
of all the t-shirts up and what day you
wore them is what you were doing and
what day you wore them and what you were
doing well you know what episode and
yeah what what we were filming and so
then if who I'm going to film I always
check the spreadsheet to make sure that
this is not sure that this is perfectly
normal and I think a lot of people
sounds rational it's very rational
what's up with you hey y'all do it you
you just want to pay attention to
anything but this game I'm just trying
to tell you I'm trying to prime you're
trying to prod some kind of sweet red
flag some conversation cuz I'm hittin a
button okay have you done anything flood
hit a button I really want oh well there
you go
that's something but the joy of the game
is in the story in the character I don't
care about the characters yes cuz you
haven't learned anything about them five
minutes into the game and you're passing
all the speech bubbles
reading let's find another guy it's
great you will get so much experience by
the time you get just when I figure out
water doesn't rush to do yo you did
great look you know wow we did it Oh was
it with skill and cunning I go into the
reactor worst which was the reactor does
the one across the catwalk I was in an
Euler line what am I doing here
oh no no no rich of you unlock the mega
punch it's nice to know that swords are
capable of going up against that's bad
it is I really don't like it's just a
dumb design is big I don't care
it's it's nothing compared like the
pudding sword I like the gun sword Oh
finally that's an awesome because it's a
gun and the sword yes that's
like--that's of both worlds you ever
heard of a bayonet anywhere near as cool
that's a gun with a pointy stick on the
end that's not the same this isn't a
sword with with the gun done with a
sword yes yes it is what is the main
feature it's a big sword that happened
to have a gun on it that you can use as
opposed to a gun which okay if 70 come
approach oh crap but some views were up
to you you better stab them with your
pointy stick at the end she's not me
okay we're gonna get a bad rating on
YouTube now this train is no longer
kid-friendly oh you rotten do you areö
concerned about that
yeah I was concerned about my precious
sisters delicate years
yeah she's growing up well United but
you know why I don't swear cuz you were
all these the goody two-shoes he never
got in trouble at home and one time we
were playing Nintendo
we were playing Super Mario Brothers 3
and she said craap and mom flipped out
oh no she's swearing don't say that I
was like Aaron's getting in trouble oh
my gosh this must be a really big deal
and it scarred me granted we were like
10 and 15 when this happened it's a
little different now but it stuck with
me are we not saved we have to do all
that I'm sure rich is very devastated Oh
better find a new game this one's not
working first boss fight I went over to
X it turned out
you press a button more that's alright
it's alright how many people are there
lots in here lots and lots of people
there's all the people should we sound
off
I don't know it's super crash it did
it's super crash hold on we got to go
task manager what this computer is my
friend and it's looking out for me
theoretically they can still I'd be
reading about it if they couldn't yeah
oh my lord this super super crashed so
you don't swear because of Mario
interest it was more that it was my very
mouth that well see Aaron didn't really
get in trouble and if if she did
something wrong you just had to kind of
look at her sternly and she you know I'm
right purpose of this stream is not
information about me this stream is to
embarrass rich as much as possible I'm
too clever for I was always getting in
trouble yeah tell stories nope don't
have to rich it's super crashed ravings
super crap I can't even I can't even get
to the task manager because the task
manager is on that screen behind the
game that crashed if you believe that
right it really really does not want us
to play alright try instead of that
training and that training called enter
can we minimize it's maybe okay
everything's fine okay we are now on it
enter
alt-tab so do you have any stories about
rich as a kid what's going to mean we
get the steam know we close dream steam
close the game everything's broken rich
everything in the world oh my god you
believe it
so our final fantasy sports kind of do
they even like final fantasy i I
despised final fantasy more than I've
ever despised anything in my entire life
that's impressive back there we go thank
you whoever told me how to do that in
chat if you press the window key in the
arrow key it moves the screen Thank You
chat
you did it you fixed everything my
sister however loves Final Fantasy uh
she is punishing me by making me play
Final Fantasy she's punishing you well
you also agreed to play it I know I did
it's just a Georgian I love my sisters
all right
how sweet is that sim you know this is
this is a payback for all of the years
you were nice to you belittles my
interest
Oh final fantasy I was never anything
short of supportive anime why would you
learn Japanese
I took you the comecon's so you did you
sounded glum about it no it wasn't all
insults
oh good I got him working Oh rich I got
it working again you might have to start
right cuz I care about you yes all right
so comic conventions yes
do they have them in in Scotland are
they common oh they exist I feel like
the ones in Scotland are not at the same
scale as around here is it is an issue
of not being able to get talent who does
most of the talents over here I imagine
it's some combination of that and just
number of people down twist I mean to
some no more than you know European
creators oh sure definitely
and probably in London there are more
and bigger ones I've been to a few in
Glasgow that have been lovely events
with lovely people but they're not
wizard world
well what relatively speaking London's
not that far away
no it's a few hours on a train yeah
four and a half hours on the train so
could theoretically go you haven't gone
there just for a convention I have not
my husband is absolutely not interested
in conventions and are you kidding pop
culture so so the fact that I've gotten
him to go as far as Glasgow I think is
an achievement how did you end up with
somebody who wasn't interested in this
stuff I could see that being a
compatibility issue with you he provides
balancing features where does his nerdom
life anywhere say he's an engineer you
know what
no Star Trek we can get him back and you
can talk about Star Trek do what patriot
could be a fan of Doctor Who we watch
Doctor Who for a while to be honest I
haven't tuned in for several seasons oh
yeah he loves red dwarf classic it is
classic I am looking forward to the new
season of Doctor Who though because
they're getting a new showrunner okay a
showrunner for a did you ever watch on
broadchurch
okay the showrunner who was on
broadchurch which is a detective show
with David Tennant okay and the new
doctor was actually on broadchurch and
so it's a good showrunner and some good
writers and so I'll probably pick it up
next year when we get the new doctor and
the new showrunner fingers crossed for
good quality tiny tiny wine meanest you
know that's all you can ask for just
want some weird time stories yes what
kind of stories do they do if they're
not doing time stories Doctor Who I
don't watch this what's most what's good
what's the deal present sometimes it's
just like aliens like yeah weird alien
planet stuff they did this really weird
sometimes it's just English sometimes
it's not alien sometimes it's time stuff
like the also usually involves alien
what's the what's the Christmas special
where they went back to to do who's the
guy that wrote a Christmas carol which
involved aliens well they were ghosts
alien the hell is that really count
because they were all so gorgeous
well they so they were the ghosts of
aliens they were the ghosts of aliens
and that's what it's weird
reanimated corpses yeah so there were
zombies and ghosts of aliens Doctor
Who's great doctor who can be great it
can be great it's also been very bad
anyway yeah a stick with door
consistency get door crap
Dorcas douche douche is a fine one moron
idiot there's a lot of characters to
name you can go through oh yeah
he had idiot as the other character
so your meeting on the bridge you see in
the text it tells you where you're going
to go uh-huh but we have our very own
story telling here I read the text when
we forget flavor text the Cliff's Notes
version exact oh there yeah cool dork
honest I could have many eye shadow but
I don't know I don't know you're doing a
great job know what door so so speaking
of Star Trek have you seen any of the no
I I have not I have not either
I finally got around to watching and
what did you think to put it politely
it's very inconsistent how much of you
watch I got three episodes three
episodes in and it's very very
inconsistent I'm not sure who I should
be rooting for at any given right right
everyone's kind of evil but they're also
good but then they're evil but then the
good things that they're doing or for
evil reasons and so it's all great it's
all great it sounds like you're three
episodes past the pilot Oh does it get
more muddled a lot of it's fine I'm not
as down on it as rich ones but yeah it's
it's kind of like it's very much okay it
gets slightly better after the pilot the
pilot is just the the worst thing ever
the biggest misstep they could have made
is that awful pilot which one the first
is the first Jim the first two
yes maybe how did the second episode oh
no spoil we won't spoil yeah this ship
shot at each other the whole episode the
second episode when did when did when
did Michael the new ship then the actual
discovery
why didn't know no when did Michael
Vulcan death grip the captain was that
episode one during my time on the end of
episode one okay that's a good joke that
Mary's cake that's a very good joke okay
STD spoilers the tests are back it's
positive because Star Trek Discovery it
has the initials STD which is very poor
planning on CBS is fine
they knew exactly what they were doing
do you think everyone's gonna be talking
about our STD it's very contagious it
will infect infect the public right okay
got a rub in my Hess TV no chat it made
Michael's high rank in Starfleet makes
perfect sense but then she turns on a
dime for that one part and then
everything else gets all muddled the STD
dependent depends you know was she there
for the STD in the first place not a
show for couples is there cure
honey I got to show you my STD where you
going hi I should have explained better
I promise it's only got a few Klingons a
few Klingons very nice if you are the
better
wait what's what's going on you're in an
elevator
uh-huh you're gonna know he's intense
elevator simulation okay does he have
hands or hoofs yes the answer is yes
what am i what am I done it is button
are you done hitting the button I'm done
hitting the button you need to go out
the door the door doesn't open no no the
less that's what what door oh my god
that was a door this game has amazing
graphics that change wildly between
cutscenes and the actual game I said a
lot of the graphics because but honestly
this would have been better if they just
had some nice little sprites on just
saying just saying the 3d isn't doing
anything for this game but at the time
it was cutting height an edge well and
if you had sprites you couldn't do the
art the amazing and emotional cutscenes
which you give this some it's true
Capcom versus Marvel sprites then it
would be adorable
so that's what you get when you have a
room full of evidences this the the
people in chat need to understand as we
were setting up this stream i was
derived by pundits coming from all
directions all the Evanses were here we
truly have a worthy opponent
what we could have caught more of them
on the stream if we would been more
punctual okay I feel like this is gonna
go badly very good no I was I was rated
tip leftover beefcakes is Jack you were
on Fleck in that Sask Squatch video you
really deserved to win an Oscar I was
really excited you don't know not what
is it fleek I don't know the kids I just
you know what I have to Google today I
had to google what dabbing is you know
what dabbing is yeah we're like emotion
you put your face in your elbow and then
you put your arm up like that the kids
are all about dabbing again or still
because I heard I I don't know where it
came from or whatever but I heard that
it was you know passe now already you
know for nine-year-olds it's all the
hotness so I don't know what it what
teenagers are doing but as far as my
nine-year-old is concerned dabbing is
dabbing
it's just everything everything he does
and that motion and I was like what the
hell Deb this is my dad moved a but I
had to google it and it started in the
in the 2010s in the atlanta underground
hip-hop scene and eventually made its
way to professional sports i now it's
trickled down to little white boys
exactly I wouldn't worry too much kids
of that age are known to dabble dabble
fun
how do I say jam buddy no I didn't do
anything at the keyboard guys you son of
a bitch they go I have a lot of keyboard
you have to press one button matter
there you go and there's a X the X
button stop did that actually save I
missed that's great
did it nothing I don't know I'm just
gonna hit a button okay sigh I really
enjoyed this Sasquatch video I thought
that that came out really well yeah well
you can't go wrong with suburban
suburban Sasquatch is a joy for all the
ages it's a terrible movie that we just
did a show on an episode on it and it
was wonderful
yep so came I'm very very funny so I
guess I didn't say going back to Friday
no no it is a sasquatch that's from the
forest and the suburbs are encroaching
on the floor so the Sasquatch is
fighting back it's a horror movie but it
has the deep artistic themes about
nature versus man it's like Harry and
the Hendersons only with 10% more dog
select yes you're doing great rich
you're doing great and pick up that
materia and impress something besides a
buddy Bob sure thank you George
just do it I got a watch make sure you
don't pull nothing fine I'll do it
my name is cloud Tomcat 2:09 6 has a
question for the Evanses family fan
family was rich always so cynical as a
little kid oh I'm getting a nod yeah
yeah yeah
his first motion was an eye-roll he
emerged from the world and immediately
questioned the doctors credentials so he
was always kind of a dick that's great
this this might be photos of like up to
my birthday and I didn't like being the
center of attention
ya wanna be the center of attention so I
end up in sure yeah yeah ironically yep
rich look at you're fighting a giant
monster no no I'm not doing great well
you have other options we're Canadian
are doing fine I'm sure you could like
you did a limit break you got a little
break thing you could do something else
I'm sure no no he would have had a heal
spell if he puts in material he has it
here he's losing his tried-and-true mega
punch tactic we can use one thing over
and over again see how far kicked he's
probably hoping that he dies and can
play a different game he's like if I
just lose
he's shaking he has serious facial hair
so you know you never know when on the
go it's an effort to maintain that baby
face with all those sharp edges you're
doing terrible there is potentially some
strategy that would be useful for this
fight no for fuck's sake
you're doing terrible you died
good thing you went back and saved
that's true man about to start from the
beginning because we would have made you
start from the beginning this is the
angriest button-pressing of everything I
absolutely hate this Anonymous has a
very important question for Rich's
sister how is her Scottish accent awful
celtic or Rangers sagas yeah your name
way celtic arrangers haggis yeah your
name and why is UK so much better than
the US ok Scottish accent terrible
Rangers vegetarians - no haggis and free
public health care the trump card
rich we're not getting political
that didn't used to be a political
statement I remember back in the day
it's hard
valiant bloodshot says I can hear rich
Evans slowly dying inside the horror the
horror we're all dying slowly every day
every single day that you're alive
you're dying right back
so why Rangers mostly because one of my
first friends in Scotland was rapidly
anti Celtic in Pearl Rangers so yes the
Glasgow nobody knows these things okay
yes
if heart of midlothian was thoroughly
and without Nicks would you still go
with Rangers do you know how much
football I watched Katie but I mean
heartily Lothian would be like you're
your hometown okay there's there's the
hearts of the Hibbs in Edinburgh um
somebody corrected me on the team colors
so you're not a sports ER and a freak
baller I am all in favor of people doing
the thing with the ball and the points
yeah yes used to be yeah I haven't been
following as closely for the last few
years but so did alright this year what
key here
all right and Tom Canty I know I didn't
even have to do that I did it because if
you take this opportunity to heal or
defend or other things until the tail
goes back down it will not murder you
they need have to press a different
button you would actually have to read
the Excel spreadsheet menu here and if
he did that then right after that he
might have to strategize a little bit
and then you might have to each other
the game you think I'm pretty sure he
would spontaneously combust if he got a
moment's enjoyment out of final fantasy
it's very true do something let's see
here how much I won feel about Disney
pulling all the Marvel shows from
Netflix so they can start their own
streaming service well we get to not
attack we can use an item what a tale is
down now so it's so great to do regular
text but unless you use an item to heal
a lot of some of it's on Netflix the
Marvel stuff is on Netflix
I was thinking more in terms of like not
sure close like them are some of the
Star Wars stuff is on the Netflix Marvel
stuff is on Netflix they're gonna pull
it all start their own thing set their
own shtick their own streaming service
I'll probably end up paying for it cuz I
got kids they gotta see they got to see
Moana everybody's gonna see Milano
I've never used a streaming service so
you've never used this room you don't
have necks I've never used it the only
time I've seen anything on Netflix was
when rich showed us the first two
episodes of stranger things
oh yeah my first Netflix experience what
do you think it was good I can't wait to
watch the rest one of these days now
that we have a DVD it's a good show
looks like a VHS oh yeah oh that's cute
that's great J Bhabha movie jealous ha
ha ha
J Bowman would be upset that it wasn't
an actual VHS anyone they saw this idea
what like VH of the rental stores
sticker on it yeah should be kind more
wine now of course you need that
did you get the guardians of the galaxy
soundtrack on cassette tape no I am NOT
shocked that some cassette say oh yeah
they did they did release my friends I
did not buy it
I tried very hard to find a car that had
a cassette deck when I replaced my car
and they are surprisingly hard to find
now so I got a Walkman with a Jack said
I could still have my tapes yeah you
need tapes the the cassette industry is
booming hipsters well it's like I I can
understand the argument like you know
vinyl has always made a slight comeback
and maybe people save just sounds better
sounds richer but there's no way we can
make that argument for cassette and CDs
have the wonderful wonderful ability to
skip tracks right so what's the benefit
to cassette besides it being weird
that's pretty much yeah
have you experienced but it didn't have
the five seconds of the commercial break
that I accidentally recorded before the
song and when they cut off the last
couple of seconds by talking over it
exactly it should distribute the the
cassette tape versions with pencils sure
for easy rewind which what's a gameplay
near you fighting this monster again you
have items you have magic although very
good very good playing this game in your
sleep or not playing it really
also don't care also both of your kids
cannot help don't I want them to die no
you you enjoyed this battle so much oh
you're gonna do it over and over again I
want them to freakin die when do you get
more characters mm-hmm if you get caught
I mean within a short amount of time
where everything's relative
yeah they'll be more telling you shit
all right a monkey's Katz has a question
who was the best behaved kid growing up
father Isley well keep in mind that rich
grew up in a separate household so we
saw no look like there we go that's all
I needed to hear you're terrible I read
in let's see here doctor lube it up
since how many Evans is somebody Evans
is hyda richest family jack enriched
watch the new half in the bag agree with
Mike cinemas need to die off if they
can't adapt and evolve to the term are
you guys still go to movie theater ease
yes sometimes y'all feel about the movie
theaters
do you like the experience we do I don't
feel it's necessary to my personal
enjoyment of the film I can these days
they come out on blu-ray so quickly that
the big did you know that according to
the chat I'm a monster because I haven't
seen new Blade Runner in a theater a
monster
yes the big-screen experience is nice
but I I've noticed most most theaters
these days are converting to the big
recliners and stuff which is nice in
some ways but I really don't like that
you have to pre save your seat ahead of
time but I tend to go with friends and
we don't all show up at the same time we
don't necessarily know how many people
are going to be coming and so you can't
just reserve you know a block of seven
seats and only have three people show up
or seven seats and have 12 people come
and end up sitting all over the theater
and not with each other and it does take
a little more pre-planning but I love
you know like two days before I'm gonna
go seem to be picking out my seats and
just not having to worry about it it'd
be one thing if that was an option some
of the time or for certain theaters but
that you have to do it for pretty much
every show now but don't forget to be
spontaneous that's true you kind of have
to do with today's in advance now or in
the Star Wars case if three months in
advance my just dragging this corpse
wait wait wait
am I just dragging this guy's corpus
with me wherever I go you you are until
you use a healing item I kind of let the
drinking corpse with me everywhere I go
honestly so what are the things that
you're fighting against I don't look
dango some parents very extremely
ill-tempered parents okay they look so
cute until they murder you they do it's
like a cross between a paradin and
jellyfish
why do you hate me so much we hate you
we just like watching you suffer the
same thing but now you could use a
healing item before I kind of use that
I'm dragging this corner of me I suggest
you talk to the girl first
why because I would I know how would I
know that you might have had to do it
another time what's the timer if you
don't get out within that time period
then you explode and you have to do it
all over again
have you saved since you beat up yes are
you saving the certain spots yeah but
have you done it since the scorpion no
I'm gonna go pass the same if they tried
to save the same point we have up we
have a question here for anyone his
family has internet fame changed rich
Evans adult is he a horrible diva at
family gatherings now no hasn't always
been a horrible deal remember that bit
about him not liking me in the center of
attention
great
now there's no one of those this thing
there's a door same thing what's up here
dance why is that there
oh no not this again world building
there oh look you see the elevator yeah
and now you know where the door to the
elevator is true talk to one of them you
gotta fight more jellyfish first oh no
he's our crab man that's fine is it
though we might die don't die rich I
know
by the way they started out as squares
but ended up as almost rhombuses they
were like hexagons these were magical
shapes
it's a polygon gun poly cuncun polygon
very good oh my gosh we are related did
it rich rich keep doing the things you
should also yes and no one wants that
where's idiot there's dragging this
quotes around look he's dead and rich
refuses to heal him instead of he
chooses to drag his corpse or into every
battle
it's big corpse yeah well you know he's
got to have some upper body strength to
wield that sword yes if you could see my
face right now it is miserable another
reason why we don't have the camera on
the internet can't handle this amount of
hate that rich Evans is spewing forward
is anyone even reading the jet yeah sure
we are are you guys I don't know
do you have a spare controller in case
the eight button gets worn out
no they'll have to use keyboard and
mouse pretty accurate and he's also
allergic to broccoli let's see here
doobie sandwich says just want to say
thank you Ricardo for doing your sis a
favor playing one of the most tolerable
games you're least tolerable franchise
stay cool
chappie no no I'm not in a good spot
right now you did oh you made it out
look oh oh and you knocked over that
girl that wasn't him oh this is
something you want to do the voice for
or not what happened you're being loud
oh sure which one you watchin you think
you know Alison you'd better get out of
here really I don't know what's going on
but all right goodbye thanks for
stopping wait wait lady wait for me
that's his voice that's his voice
exactly yes that's my thing they're
gonna hire you to do the voice acting in
for the remake yeah I've been to
petitioning I'm pretty hard hey there
soldier are you're going to fight me now
later what I don't know I'm just trying
to avoid what this often fights
it's pretty sure you're not gonna be
able to pretty sure the options were
fight them or later not fight them or
avoid a fight you didn't even get
knocked off the great fight avoided you
did it okay oh here we go
monkeys cat has a really important
question for every member of Rich's
family if you could be any kind of
animal what would you be this is a very
important question it's like a rite of
passage to a previously recorded stream
any any type of animal at all now there
there are important questions as to what
what are the what are the rules and
perimeters what counts as an animal does
it have to be a real animal gonna be a
mythological creature how long is this a
permanent transformation or a temporary
thing do you get to choose to go back
and forth let's let's say it's temporary
is it like a harry potter animagus sort
of thing where you get to yeah go back
and forth that win yeah absolutely it's
like a Polyjuice potion and you still
keep your but you just get to be an
animal this is an important question and
it could okay how do you fit the mental
capacity of a human and something like a
fool imagine
it's magic these are the serious
questions of our age it's magic rich is
not happy with me right now and that's
fair okay
go animals Phoenix okay great
any more time now sasquatch and would
you just set up cameras and like take
really good photos of yourself to sell
them to newspapers why not that's a
great idea I love it
well guys I'm making rainy on purpose of
course of course but like high quality
enough where people know they weren't
fakes I love it I love it I love it
alright I think I'd go squirrel squirrel
regular or fly knows regular ground I'm
sorry I stepped all over your joke I
stepped all over it not a chipmunk yeah
I think the the red one probably they're
pretty adorable a little the Tufts yeah
tops of the ears is it a more black is
amazing to have a celebrity like the
opposite of an albino they're having
some squirrel discuss I didn't think it
was again you had like fluorescent
painted like
be kind of cool to be able to turn your
wrists around and climb down things
they're talking about being squirrels
right I know this is what's happening I
know
here's what's going on right now I'm
being forced to play Final Fantasy now
and my family is talking about being a
squirrel yep yep these are all the
things that are had they've done
something horribly wrong in my life
and I am not paying for it
but after tonight like you should have a
clean slate the Karma slate just wipe
the Karma etch-a-sketch
Shido motive of riches being forced to
play this game because we thought it
would be funny my sister loves it yeah
and we thought it would be funny we
thought it would be funny to torture
rich for the night and by the way
everyone you're welcome we could have
played a visual novel instead it's not
too late you'd prefer that to laugh
you're not even hot awful boyfriend
that's the pigeon dating sim I'm sorry
why it's a dating sim with pigeons Oh
would you like to play that yeah you are
you are the only human girl at an all
pigeon high school if you can see Jack's
face right now
so you're a human girl human and you are
trying to date a pigeon well I mean the
pigeons are really the only option
you're the only you're the only like
homeless sapien around you're a
hunter-gatherer living in your cave when
you attend this high class like school
you had to argue your way to get in your
petition for pigeon submit donations
because you go to an all pigeon school
like you don't have to date pigeons I
don't know that there are many humans at
all you should say no one are you
trained maybe if you read some of the
speech bubbles you'd have an idea rich
you need to find a pidgin and dated
that's what they're trying to say
they're trying to give you hints that's
why you don't like this game rich
they're too enough it's a whole nother
level rich isn't bad at this rich as no
interest whatsoever in doing this do you
want to and shake that at you sketch
clean or not you gotta suffer for your
art man I should have murdered somebody
before I came in today I'm bad at it
because I'm not trying see here yonder
yonder says why is Jack throwing ashamed
at the choice of lingo of DAB he's such
a lemonhead if you aren't hip to the fly
vocab you're totes bumpy
it's why you twats don't have no schwag
in yo France brah that was a real
sentence that someone thanks to us thank
you you know we all when we were kids I
think like everyone has like lingo
that's weird
yes and but now I'm an old man and so I
can say that kids lingo is weird and I
don't understand it
and it's less than lingo like I get what
a DAB is I don't understand the purpose
of the movement I I don't understand
fidget spinners no I don't understand
that either you don't fidget then
if you fidget you understand the fidgets
better but but you're not spinning it or
you just like pressing it and like it's
not a ball bearing you spin it at once
and then you have to wait for it to
finish you don't have to you could stop
it on your own and spin it again which I
freaked when we do what happened is just
like shaking your leg to fidget I mean
that's what I always did sure no shame
in your commercial enough you can't make
money off of shaking you're like
twitching well you can make money off of
twitching but not I do on my desk a
brick of Legos then I flip I've got a
fidget spinner I've got a fidget cube I
got I got I got a Rubik's cubes that I
fidget with maybe I should try the
fidget spinner and see if I get hook
I'll be honest with you it's pretty nice
just everyone smile just fucking do it
well like if I'm talking on the phone
for a long period of time no nobody okay
look I know I don't have that much
mental capacity I can barely hold a
conversation with someone and so like if
I'm playing a game and talking with
someone not gonna happen but this I can
do while talking
I do need to walk when I talk to people
on the telephone
can you walk and talk and chew gum at
the same time you know it's the gum
chewing that really muddles up the
talking for me
great it gives you a real speech bubble
thank you now that that was a reach but
I'll accept it that for me the fidgets
spinners not a fan the fidgets spinner
is something I like because I fidget
constantly pop culture is just catching
up with him yeah they finally reached a
rich Evans level yeah have you think
about that well that's the end of the
world all right hmm
they just keep on spinning then the
world spins with you okay ah Donna says
how did Mike get a hold of that dick the
birthday boy photo um we were still in
my grandma's place
i I I just cleaned break I was just
throwing everything out did he utter lay
everything out Mike saw those so he saw
me throwing that sawed those out and he
grabbed my family photos so he could you
know
embarrass me with them years down the
road he's not to save them from me doing
something I might regret later but just
so he could make me really regret it
sure well isn't that the entire purpose
of family photos is for future
embarrassment absolutely I think so I
have I have a dedicated folder of my
children looking they're awful lists she
just fell through a little shit in case
anyone's having trouble hearing Karen
she's called
you little shit a cute little shit any
response okay yeah great book you dad a
little shit I mad no retort up to it
alright it's great yeah I think that's
what I was looking for great so yeah
basically Mike burgled it Mike verbal
dear old family really a verbal when I
was throwing it in the trash so Mike
dumpster dived yep dumpster dildo
stirred oh okay and the Internet is a
better place for you didn't know at the
time yes now the whole world the whole
world could see photos of me as a seven
year old with a shirt that says birthday
dammit the fuck was up when giving me a
shirt that says dick the birthday boy
did nobody say anything at the time
nobody said anything nobody notice
anything weird about it
I didn't notice anything weird about it
I'm looking at the pressures going
what's so funny
no nobody so no one would even if it was
a questionable decision no one would
bring that yeah okay like why don't you
just don't cross some people could you
mean that they're not being named you
know it's an action for some people put
that out there
it was it was a simpler time back there
you go
well now it's okay there you go yeah now
she is a garden tool perfect yes
key for the tool Ken Jennings they asked
the question was I think an immoral
person or a long-handled gardening tool
and he said a hole they were looking for
reek yeah an immoral person is a rake
yeah I've never heard this before oh
they didn't count it yeah that works
you know the verses I've seen it just
cuts off with Alec Alex go I don't know
what they're teaching you about this
school I resurrect I counted it am I
supposed to do something yes
pinball machine possibly play pinball
have you spoken to everyone in the room
well I don't want to speak down in one
of the room I don't care what they have
to say yeah
you got talk to mom the chat is getting
back to us on whether or not they
counted it so one so the judges should
have accepted it does that mean that
they didn't I'm looking for confirmation
rich playing this game is making pigeon
dating with more and more appealing and
say what here's here's why I might not
count it
oh-ho yeah it's being immoral for the
money not because they enjoy it they're
not an immortal pleasure-seeker there
are an immortal pleasure seller well I
suppose it would it would be
questionable at all whether or not being
a ho is immoral okay okay philosophical
yeah we're going there you know all
right in fact everybody and I'm I'm just
because a person is promiscuous or
promiscuous for money doesn't
necessarily make them immoral depending
on whose point of view you're like this
is great family discussion you're
welcome everybody the sex work is work
it's just following their vocation
exactly Jan so I could see them not nope
great I don't know let's see here
Darkwing muck says whatever you do don't
make rich play Final Fantasy Tactics
next he might actually enjoy that one I
think by virtue of having Final Fantasy
in the name it's just automatically ya
think at this point it is yes it's true
it's absolutely true clearly we should
have had him play Final Fantasy 13 and
he could just run in the straight line
down the corridor was that I haven't
played it but I have heard many things
of its basically know what none of the
exploration of the earlier game is
famous we should we should have made him
play Final Fantasy x-2 so he could be
pretty girls changing outfits he would
have liked that much better I think we
should have you play that in the Final
Fantasy 10 you know there was a lot of
weird minigames like they had the weird
sport that they made up for it you never
played it you don't know wait yes there
was like it there was like it was like
underwater rugby that a sport they made
up for Final Fantasy 10 that was a large
chunk of the early game was not fighting
anyone was playing a game that never
came into play later on it was awful I
still played it I don't know which is
the one that had the chocobo racing this
one this one well hurry up and get today
the gold saucer oh okay
I spent a large quantity of time
breeding my gold chocobo to win all of
the races
great
see here we got an anonymous says I'm
really enjoying Rich's torture playing
final fantasy but how about we switch it
around and have Rich's sisters play XCOM
can i play with the same style I'm just
mashing oh you go ahead and see how far
you get the planet is dying rich good
it's got nothing to do with him but rich
out what about the story and the
characters aren't you fascinate not look
at that guy's hair it's amazing it's
terrible it's somebody's sky wasn't one
big chunks wow look at him you can stab
somebody with your hair it's awful well
but what about the hottie maiden cloud
don't aren't you and do it for the face
like twenty spikes it's not a unicorn
Yeah right
he's the narwhal of the battlefield then
are cloud the nur cloud babe she's like
she's like twenty polygons yep it's
super babe oh look here's another babe
the same babe
oh is it with the horse hoof hands hey
hey lady that's Saturday Horace well
she's a fighter
it was a surgery gone wrong she's very
flexible though I just just click click
click click
yeah is it picking up now it is do we
need a mic for this just for the
controller absolutely hand of fate - we
could we could be so rich tell me why
Ranma 1/2 was acceptable because Cara
like that I like Karen what's up wait
what's run by one what Rama is he and
his family are like cursed it's an anime
Basin and that's what when he gets it
hot water turns in one way in cold water
turns the other yeah and his father as a
similar problem but he turns into a
candidate
and there is a cast of characters that
turn into a variety of things such as a
cat a duck a baby pig they do this when
they get wet when they get wet and
they're all marshallers their own
martial artists what happens when the
woman gets wet yeah the cursed Springs
know too much yeah my family know we're
gonna we're gonna get a yellow dollar
sign mixes yes so this was an anime that
you watched a lot of French Karen
because that's devotion this was I've
watched some terrible things because you
know of my wife oh well know that like
I've done that just for me but yeah I
don't know I don't know if I could watch
an anime series I don't know what the
anime was like but the manga has a lot
of nudity I mean not like not like you
know dirty things happening but bath
houses feature quite frequently in a
story about water changing people back
and forth
just keep clicking it's so great easy
winning the games evil Lord David says
hey Evans family David here don't want
to alarm you but I think I may have foul
fallen into a separate timeline we're
rich Evans plays final fantasy other
rich favorite hairstyle in the game so
far it's all awful yep oh no it's green
green means it's right now oh now you've
got a whole cast of characters everybody
when did idiot get life back I think
that you finally give them no I think
you reached a story trigger point or
it's like okay which works at this point
what you're saying is by dragging that
corpse wrong I saved the health potion
he's not weaker because nowhere drove
him oh no what am I gonna do after the
stream when I no longer play this game I
did buy it on my account because I
didn't want to sell your steam account
that was very thought I knew it would it
would make you sad every time you saw it
on my account why you couldn't just
delete it afterwards yeah just a
constant reminder that it could be read
out someday you did this would yes
though I did think about four seconds
like ring that would really hurt rich
every time he went down
his theme was to say funny you know
probably what hit delete that you can't
delete the name on your list you can
delete the game but every time he goes
to the X Final Fantasy 7 would be there
happy birthday rich it's actually for a
thoughtful gift I got something for
myself
that's where am I going no what am i
doing Final Fantasy 7 expert Erik
