Sounds like an Energy Drink (Part 1)
May 24, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gW0qBni2lpM

but it's for a very important reason we
were we were all ready to go with about
with about ten minutes it's a stream and
rich says wait a minute there's this
video you need to watch
I forgot how long it was and you know
you said like oh we can just watch a
couple minutes of it it's called the
history of the entire world I guess yes
it's amazing it's incredibly funny it's
incredibly answer to its edutainment to
its finest fine fine edutainment but
it's like 20-some minutes long and I
didn't want to stop watching it to start
the stream on time and that's my fault
but it was good the history of the
entire world I guess it's a great little
video great so how's everyone doing
I always everybody doing how are you
doing Jeff I'm doing fine I feel I'm
like there's this weird sickness
happening and like it always happens
right around this time I'm like in your
soul right like there's a sickness in my
soul and it's starting to drain every
day yeah makes me wonder yeah why just
why no I'm actually I'm actually just
fine I'm actually just fine what was I
gonna say
you know why I'm fine rich new season to
Kimmy Schmidt have you started watching
it it I know it's out it's it's it's
just as good new season of sense8 okay
which you haven't seen it but that's a
show that I love it's any show that
features international psychic orgies I
think needs to be praised
the tent pole of sense8 is global
globally is global psychically induced
orgies inside you know I'm very happy
for you should be now there's that
overwatch is having their one-year
anniversary event with some really cool
new
apps and skins so yeah I picked it I
haven't played overwatch in a long time
because we've been very busy playing
other games I got a chance to to pop
onto overwatch the other day that's jam
that's writing since 8:00 I thought that
was oh I guess I guess he could be
writing and further which I was Jesus
who their babies John was it john
michael Straczynski the guy behind
Babylon 5 red spider-man forbid done a
lot of things the white house keys
produced and Lana has been credited as
the director okay I don't know which one
is Lana I assume they wrote but I we
have devices that can tell us you can't
say the transgender want anymore
there's no longer a way to distinguish
or you could just call them by their
names Richard no and I like by the way
like the Wachowski the white Chomsky
brothers when they were brothers both of
them were credited as directors so like
I didn't I didn't know their names I
didn't know their first names before
they turned into women and now that
they're women I only know Lana because
she is the sole director of sense8 so
that's like I just don't know what's
that what's the name of the guy I'm
looking for
what are we start looking for what was
the plan the writer Oh
Jameis J michael Straczynski was the
creator he is credited as the created by
kids I can't say what else he's done
because he's done a lot of things he has
a World War Z Babylon 5 he wrote the
first Thor movie Wow he's been around
forever
underworld and Ninja Assassin Real
Ghostbusters yeah yeah oh oh he's been
around forever the good seasons oh yeah
here it is the Jake and The Fatman he
wrote Jake and The Fatman fuck yeah
that's grow my god he has done
everything masters of the universe great
okay well yeah he's involved too it's
great you know what it's a great show
that uh that that sense nights
so this is the surge this is the surge
what many people describe as sci-fi Dark
Souls but according to its very own
trailer a games writer said so much more
than sci-fi Dark Souls according to
their their trailer according to the
Sharia just gonna skip all that I'm just
gonna skip all that basically what all
that intro said was like this new
company is is is they're basically like
the Apple or the test lava-like they're
doing amazing new things we're we're
innovating and we're you know creating
and we're you know we're here to help
humanity with our breakthrough and
environmental technologies you're saying
that's what happened in the cutscene
yeah that's what happened in the cuts
okay okay but here but you know the one
thing you do miss in the cutscene is it
oh you've seen it you've started this
I've started this already the one thing
you do miss is that yours making that up
like you're like you're this is Jax just
assuming what the cutscene was it was a
joke it was it was like a hipster
dressed man on a white background so
like that's that'd be a pretty safe
assumption but so here's the fun thing
that was playing on those screens next
to you yeah and and you're on this bus
and you just assume that you're sitting
down bought bridge oh my god so is this
is this Special Forces okay that's great
this is it yeah a lot of people are
giving this like VR saying like this is
old on gotta invert the old vertical
look there we go
Dubey sandwiches say Ricardo you
mentioned that bad endings ruin things
like Mass Effect why the last band and
so forth are you more of a destination
man than a dream end you can't
10 the destination isn't important like
super fucking important the ending is
probably the most important part of any
story for okay for a singular thing like
a movie I have a book stuff like that
yeah
for a singular story I absolutely agree
with you the ending is the taste that
you leave the theater with right for
something like a television series you
can you have a little wiggle room if you
ask a question the ending is the answer
yes agreed you need to have a satisfying
answer to the question yes I'm with you
it also feels like you wasted your time
pop a wheelie can I pop a wheelie oh I
can't I can't pop oh okay
like glitch off the track Anna I cannot
pop a wheelie so I got these like robot
soldiers and these other soldier guys
here like see their cool suits I can
only assume I've signed up for this
program to you know get the exosuit but
I guess what I'm saying is like if it's
a television series and it's like I was
like a sitcom like yeah the ending to
Roseanne sucked but I mean it's like a
half-hour sitcom each individual contain
stories well that's not something
different or even even like like a
next-gen you know like because they
weren't they didn't necessarily have a
goal yes but that said all said and done
the next-gen series ended great it did
end great that was maybe a bad example
but that did have yeah that's a great
under TNG isn't one long story though
right so right right exactly exactly
that's what I was getting at all right
probably supposed to go down that I went
down there when I play the game I wanted
to see what's over here they're going to
wreck calm the ending of Roseanne with
the revival I've heard that
mostly because they want dan Connor back
they want John Goodman to be in it what
happened at the end of Roseanne Oh
John's dead oh did he yeah then die hard
I believe Oh Oh Roseanne that was of
quality show yeah they're doing they're
doing a revival and I think they're just
coming back where's Anna's coming back I
haven't heard this everything's fucking
coming back I know everything's coming
back just finished future the ending was
good do not does not get Rich's
criticism be ending this is kind of a
letdown in preacher preachers just can't
you know I wasn't wasn't like it wasn't
like terrible enough to ruin preacher
but I was kind of like yeah good even
better mm-hmm
share experience bringing up the ending
of lost and the the the problem with
lost like I I'm gonna give the ending to
lost a pass because at that point in the
series all we really cared about were
the characters and each character got an
ending the problem with lost is they
spent the entire first season asking a
lot of questions did all of the hype for
that was about the questions it was
about the mystery you when the mystery
is that important right needed to have a
satisfactory answer to the mystery and
so like I understand and I hear the
criticism that lost at a bad ending I
say that it had a good ending for the
characters and not for the story yeah if
that makes any sense
Janice Janice asking me if there's any
comic book I think had a great ending no
I think producer preachers have been up
a lot Don I didn't hate it yeah why the
last man why the last man just fizzled
well most most comic books don't have
endings just long running run areas the
man that built that way however I would
say the watchman Oh
Watchmen has a fine ending but you know
they bring they just brought them back
for a DC cross so the watch or an
etiquette that does not fucking count
the watchman had a great end all right
this is a probably something you want to
pay attention to him about - I'm about
to apply - I'm about to apply to become
over a worker here so they're going to
turn you into a robot man yes
oh no but we weren't sedated rich the
robot said we were sedated
I want to be sedated no seriously this
is very painful how do you send us a
game on Steam again send it to prereq at
red letter media calm there's a little
email option like to email sucks to be
that guy
yep the William Meister says hello
Richard Jack hi first time watching
stream life not much of a gamer but I
love your dynamic thanks for all the
great entertainment
thanks for him thank you thanks for
coming with the stream we rarely even
pay attention to the game
we're more nutty like that fun Rosanne
fact is possibly nothing needs to be
reckoned because the last two seasons
were written by Darlene I didn't follow
like the last two seasons of Roseanne
right so no one did that's why I got
cancelled all I know is some of the
writers for Roseanne went into a pitch
meeting with the CW yeah in order you
know to try to get a new show off the
ground and they didn't have any ideas
but they had secured a meeting yeah and
they didn't know what they were going to
make a show about and so on the walk to
the meeting they start spitballing ideas
I don't know what's what's the dumbest
we just need an idea and then we could
fix it later and they ended up in improv
Lee pitching them a a goofball show
about a single mother and her young teen
daughter and they were hip talkin and
they were in a small town they came from
a big city yeah and it turned into the
Gilmore Girls okay so the writers of
Roseanne were just like and they came up
with the entire premise for the Gilmore
Girls
improv
so is this game neat uh kind of your
this guy yeah who obviously just had a
really bad experience and we were dumped
we were we the robot said we died and
something is going horribly wrong so
we're in a dump cool look at space
shuttlecraft
so yeah we're in the dump and now we got
to fight our way out of the dump the
dump has robots and the dump has robots
a lot of you know first robots are these
droney thingies and you have your
horizontal slash and your vertical slash
and yeah and you can like kind of combo
them together to do stuff like that you
have your dodge which is that by the way
what is it it's not a roll and I find
that very upsetting because you're
wearing these big clunky armors that
would be even weirder oh yeah I know
that you couldn't have your own but it
just feels weird to die it could be a
neater animation I suppose but I totally
get it not being a roll yeah that
doesn't bother me
actually anybody roaming around would
just get fucking dizzy rolls don't
actually make much sense at least not
when you spam them in a game it's just
what I'm used to you know yeah and in
the in the souls borne universe it's
what I'm used to is that I've played
this I played this first level a little
bit so some blue guy and chances
advocate are has taught me anything it's
that the crippled guy will go on decide
with the robots and lead a revolution
after he's given an exoskeleton and will
eventually fuck one of the robots I want
that to be true avatar didn't have
robots well in the other but avatar went
on to fuck the avatars right well fuck
the Navi oh you know what I miss Abbot
are I forgot that they were called the
Navi is my problem
I thought they were called the avatars
because that movie has completely left
my melon damage humberto Cabbage Patch
there we go
what is your favorite Simpsons Halloween
episode time travel toaster time travel
toaster oh that's a great episode hi
already over the other ones on that they
were all good on that episode was that
the one with the shinning I'm gonna say
yes just because I want it to be time
travel toaster oh that's a great
Halloween episode
you know something needs to be said for
the first treehouse of horror with Kang
and kodos like that that abduction
episode that whole abduction episode is
fantastic yeah that bit about that's
decent I just I I love the bit where
they keep blowing space dust off the
book oh yeah that's the video game
they're disappointed with the video
again cuz it's just like an Atari game
oh right games on video oh I'm sorry who
which species has mastered intergalactic
travel
great shining time-travel toaster and
cannibal teachers at the school said
guys wait I thought it was no it was
zombies that was the zombie segment at
the end of the time the toaster one
wasn't it that could've been a
difference for house before it sorry I
thought it was cannibal teachers is a
fantastic treehouse of horror though can
easily I could easily be wrong yeah
because I think it ended with the Shimon
Shimon do you know don't you mean the
shining quiet boy you want to get sued
Kate
Kate right bgb live sis Jack yep still
keeping up with legendary excited for
the x-men set coming up Marvel legendary
you know that's one of those where we
had to release and I have to pace
ourselves or else we will buy every
expansion yeah we your wife put you on a
cool-down no I put her on a cool-down
she has this little trick because she
knows like you know like you know like
as a family we're on a budget like and
so and you know the expansions aren't a
lot but eventually by nothing you buy
enough where it's just like we we know
we need to chill because we're on a
budget but if there's one that she
really wants she knows exactly what to
do which is just wait until I'm drunk
she basically takes advantage of me
because when I've been drinking I have
like boom I have no I have no willpower
to say no to purchases that I want and
so so like she'll just wait until I've
had a couple beers and she's like you
know it's thinking about getting that
new legendary so oh yeah chickens otters
it's a boom boom boom how much do these
sets cost oh you know they're there are
small expansions that are only like 20
30 bucks not a lot right but our small
expansion but you buy enough of them and
then that adds up but the big expansions
can be anywhere from like 50 to 80 bucks
for a big expand I would expect a bass
game to be around 20 in an expansion to
be around 10 oh no no my god there's
actually there is an expansion oh my god
there's an expansion there's a fantastic
four expansion that was really unpopular
and they stopped printing that now goes
on eBay for hundreds you have it of
course not of course not because one we
don't care about the Fantastic Four and
two it's like that's way too much but
Jack do we care of are we interested in
destiny too and will we play it nope how
strongly can I say no no
a multiplayer massively multiplayer
first-person shooter that you can only
play with a gamepad because it's not the
ps4 sign me off oh that might be MPC now
is it I I'm still not interested
yeah can I talk to you who cares about
the Fantastic Four nobody cares about
the Fantastic Four
which is why they discontinued the
expansion and but now like I said on
eBay it's going nuts I can I mean I
don't even care if it's on PC I'm just
not interested in an MMO yeah yeah no
and I've heard good things about destiny
in general but not my cup of tea
mostly because I already have several
cups of tea
we would talk about the Zack Snyder no
we did not
I don't know what to say it's tragedy a
big tragedy I saw I saw there are some
people making some snide remarks in my
Twitter feed before they had read the
story ya know cuz you see that headline
Josh Wheaton takes over Justice League
right and and everyone's like oh you
know like people got crazy but then like
you read the story though you know the
strange thing is it happened months ago
yeah for those who don't know
Zach's night one of Zack Snyder's
daughter committed suicide a couple
months ago and obviously a tragic event
and you know not only that like do you
know how his wife is the one of the
producers of the movie and so he went
back to work hoping to kind of distract
himself with work finishing up Justice
League yeah and it just hasn't been
working all right totally absolutely I
mean and and so they brought in the
studio and of course Zack agreed to this
brought in Joss Whedon to finish Justice
League of course it's it's mostly all
shot jostle just be there like kind of
the director for editing and also for
any reshoots needed just because he can
handle you know he's a director who can
obviously handle a big-budget superhero
franchise but very tragic very tragic
and yeah like there's nothing snide to
say about it at least there shouldn't be
anything
yeah that's not something that's not
like I feel like making jokes about
right right it's just sad it is
it is it's very sad so what do you what
are you doing you're targeting a head
okay so is that a corpse oh this is like
a armored corpse and what you see here
is like right now I'm targeting the arm
you can see that yellow out the yellow
thing on his arm right and so if I after
you lock on to someone you can move the
right joystick to target different parts
about it like that I'm targeting his leg
now I kind of love that this had corpse
in there yeah but if you see here his
head is blue so that means his head is
unarmored so it'll be a better shot yeah
yeah I want to remove his head from his
body and then it starts on fire that's
fine and that's fine then it
disintegrates but the idea is if you
target here I'll target the leg this
time see I'm targeting the left leg so
the idea here is if you target these
body parts you can actually rip them off
if you do enough damage to them and if
you do that you can get more scrap more
tech scrap for upgrading your shit is
the hope are there too many things to
play because we're living in a golden
age of games make here's why rich making
and distributing games is easier than
ever yeah there are tools available
where you and I could make a video game
if we put our mind to it and with
digital distribution
anyone can play them this looks neat but
I've been I've been waiting for Vanquish
on PC for too long and I didn't think it
was ever gonna happen Jack that comes
out soon right Mauro comes out tomorrow
what are you doing what are you doing I
was here are you still in tutorial mode
come here and fight me there we go out
so if you take the leg off I'm assuming
it doesn't die instantly does it hobble
around no he still dies okay but then he
leaves scrap behind it I mean I'm for
the head right now and then we'll see if
we can show you something cool here oh
we can't do it yet how do you change
your target with the right stick okay we
got a Power Core that's gonna help me
yeah there's another guy over here Jack
hasn't died yet this isn't like Dark
Souls well I've also played this before
I see so like right now I'm toggling I'm
targeting the different is how this is
difficult to compare okay so I have more
time in blood-borne so I'll be comparing
this blood of course first um I
definitely died way quicker and
blood-borne and I died more often in
blood-borne I hit a point in this oh
wait did I kill yeah I hit a point in
this where I couldn't defeat a boss and
I couldn't figure out how to defeat a
boss okay and that was a little
upsetting because usually with
blood-borne so our goal is to get there
our goal is to get there so I can show
you all which should be relatively easy
okay but first I need to put a core in
my body for a reason so we gotta go back
to our bonfire here this is the bonfire
anonymous says hey guys yeah check I'm
Jack I grew up in the middle of nowhere
with no neighbors except house
there you go I'm now you're speaking my
language when you were weird sometimes
I get you I understand except for the
clown thing I here's here's what I will
say what I can only imagine is people
who have this weird like feeling about
clowns have never been around children
if you they're ever around a very young
child like three or under you make goofy
faces at them right you make faces
that's all a clown is like a clown is
just someone who makes faces but then
like there's this whole mime aspect to
it there's like little sketches that you
do with like little skits and routines
is very vaudvillian what's the hate of
clowns
it's classic entertainment it's goofy
faces it's pratfalls and slapstick humor
they're creepy they're silent they got
this shit smeared all over their face
they're dressed like they're insane
vaudeville
it's vaudevillian
great okay yep and so then here in the
gear assembly you can like buy stuff and
upgrade stuff upgrade rigs I just spent
all my money on my core so we got to go
get some more money and then here is the
part where do I have anything else no so
here's the part where you can change you
know once you buy like arm upgrades you
can put on one here do I have a oh I do
I have a leg up great so then you put on
a leg upgrade and this one yeah thank
you pretty good oh no but see like I
only have one so I can only put it on
one leg yeah and that's that that's the
whole thing so it's like there's a lot
of interesting aspects to this game man
but then just like souls born you come
on out again and here's the robots
Becky got played says Jack piped oh I
got that sprite I forgot
Jack I'm Jack and what way is this your
participation with rlm been educational
been educational that's that's the thing
um there's more to it but the second
one's for me but I'll you answer yours
I'm trying I'm trying to think of a
realistic example or I'm trying to think
of a real example of some of something
that I have actually learned from from
working with rlm you could be terrible
and still goodbye okay oh I knew that
I've made stuff man I know you don't
have to be good you just got to keep
doing it that's that's the rule
that's the rule um you know what a
really good thing that I learned working
with rlm is how to work with a crew that
it and that is the true that is the
honest truth where I spent a lot of time
just making stuff by myself you know I
was the only one behind the camera I was
the only one making you know doing it
all editing yeah yeah and once I started
working with Jay and Mike I'd say hey
can you guys come and help me out on a
shoot yeah and for the first time I had
to direct people and like oh can you uh
oh you you do the lights I don't need to
do the lights Jay can you fix that light
like I don't need to put down the camera
and run and fix the lights I have
someone else do that right and that has
been incredibly helpful to me as a
creator because it just shows me that
like I the the burden isn't all on me I
can so what you're saying is it's just
like the Avengers it's just like the
Avengers I learned a valuable lesson
the value of working together as a team
yes and punching robots very important
second part of that is rich
did you get my Stargate letter rich did
you get a Stargate letter yes it did I
did not read it because we went over
this we went over this one it was an
email that I wasn't interested in
reading a like a three or four page long
detailed explanation on why I need to
watch Stargate oh look at that that's a
little graphical glitch right there why
why do you keep trying to rape me with
Stargate we've we've already said we're
not interested no means no about
Stargate I will see if we can get this
for it to work so here's a here's
something really fun about their combat
system is if you weaken someone enough
you can oh here it is you can hold down
X to rip off an appendage like this and
you get that little little cool slow-mo
scene and now I get to pick up some good
junk a new weapon though I kind of like
my club I'll be honest with you I like
them a little rich is so closed-minded
jack is a closed-minded I'm unsolicited
what would you even call this on
unsolicited it's what's it I think you
know enough about Stargate to make a
determine on whether or not you want to
know more do you want to know more about
right and so it's not like it's not like
he's saying hey rich there's this new
thing that you've never heard of that I
think you'll like check it out then if
you said no I don't want it I don't want
to know anything new about anything new
that's being closed-minded but Stargate
is something that you know a little bit
about right so you can make your own
determination no I know a little bit
about Farscape and I didn't really sit
down to watch it till many years later
okay to be fair to be fair then the the
second part of that is you know how much
time you have in the day and how much is
already consumed with other things right
so then it's just a point of do you have
time but is a is a a three is it got
somebody's what do you call this
dissertation on Stargate the way to do
it no no and we've already warned you
that that's not the way to do it
yeah and when you do those big finishing
moves you usually get more scrap and
stuff that's you wanna you want to
always get them to that finishing move
point
you know you know people have been
telling us to play wandering souls you
know those people tell us to do this
watch this play this yeah before this
stream we took a look at wandering souls
sure did rich jesus fucking christ yeah
whoever made that recommendation you
ruined it for everyone else because we
saw we saw wandering souls and it's it's
like a 2d fighter starring anime anime
girl we a bullshit yeah yeah oh
bonesaw bonesaw is ready so like this is
the guy I just fought was carrying this
bone saw
so I targeted his arm so he dropped the
bone saw okay now I got a bone saw kudos
to me
graphics are irrelevant if the game is
fun
that's Oh someone talking about the
graphics of this game Mega Man II can a
platformer thing it didn't look super
special
oh no we're talking specifically about
the art style which is which is anime
girls dressed up as maids yes they're
saying that shouldn't matter if the game
is fun how do you feel about that right
for theirs they're a little bit yeah all
right you got a point it could be in an
amazing game but it's starring anime
girls and rich and I have a
long-standing hatred of anime girls and
so why would I even want to try are they
gonna I do they say and do a knowing
shit when you're not fighting maybe
possibly probably the art style also can
detract from a good game the example I
will give is a salt and sanctuary which
i think is a very ugly game yeah but I
enjoy it I think it's a good game but I
find myself if I have a choice between
playing bad and playing something else
sometimes I'll play something else
because the thing you are looking at all
the time is important
come on come here weapon
but what about a stargate anime game
there we go
look I I'm a I'm a give Stargate a shot
someday but just a long insane letter
that somebody sends me trying to sell me
out it probably isn't gonna do the trick
probably not or definitely not heads up
heads up to all y'all trying to sell
rich Evan stuff also jumping is super
wack in this game it's like wiggity
wiggity wack you want Stargate or
Babylon 5 I'm fucking done with you too
I try I could not get past the pilot for
Stargate I've heard done for Babylon 5
and you know I've seen the movie I've
seen the Stargate movie and I enjoyed it
I know it's locked but I enjoyed it I'm
talking about like Babylon 5 though Oh
babbles oh yeah I could not get past the
pilot sure sure I'll defense I'll defend
the Stargate movie is lovable schlock
yeah I tried I tried years ago and then
people kept talking about it actually
probably a year ago now because people
in the chat talked about liking Babylon
5 I gave it another shot I watch the
pilot again oh well there you go that's
all you need you gave it a shot
did you guys see what William Shatner
said about red letter media I'm gonna
wear that William Shatner said anything
about red letter media yeah What did he
say was it good was it bad it's probably
the setup for some kind of punchline
that's my guess I'm guessing this is
nothing real confirm was really did you
click on the link thanks hack bot click
on the thing here's the question whoa
it's the actual William Shatner do you
ever watch rlm on YouTube his response
I'm 86 years old I don't have time to
watch for our reviews on to our movies
god bless you Billy Shatner god bless
you you know you know it's important in
life that's great
so he's hurt him he's far enough to know
about the plague it reviewed like long
reviews he gets that yeah yeah yeah
Blair if you watch the next Gentile it
would you bother continuing thanks
jumpin it's not bad next gen pilots not
bad that's just that's a good that's a
rich question cuz you know you don't
think season ones very good I'm okay
with the next gen pilot it's really hard
for me to you know cuz I don't I don't
think I started with the pilot right so
it's hard it's hard for me to say I was
a fan of Star Trek though before T and G
I like the original series when you know
I was on it's on TV forever I said you
know in reruns obviously I was not old
enough to see it first run before
somebody makes that joke ha but I was a
little kid who loves Star Trek before
TNG was a thing so I might have given it
more of a chance cuz it was a franchise
you were already established with sure I
have a hard time making it through the
first season oh god is that first season
awful
fuck
plead
great we're doing great leftover beef
cakes is T&J; TNG season one is not
shitty and I have a 36 page email
explaining why beefcake gets it I wanna
shit on Betty got played keeping Becky
got played is just enthusiastic about
star gates right I think if you want to
get me interested in just going about it
the wrong way that's the thing that's
the thing ever told you my at my Death
Cab for Cutie story probably but I'm
gonna say I'm gonna tell it again a
little attack yeah that dismembers his
uh oh good yeah see he had a he had a
nice body gear thing happening and so I
dismembered his body so I could take his
gear back back in the early aughts Death
Cab for Cutie was becoming a popular
indie band and I had heard them once and
didn't much care for their sound and I
had a friend a very good friend who said
you know I you really need to give these
guys a chance like I really think you'd
be into it it's kind of your thing and
everything I got you know what I heard
it once I don't want and he kept pushing
and pushing and pushing and the more he
pushed more I was like just don't I do
I've run away from me I will not listen
to Death Cab for Cutie and I'm sorry
one night we are driving home from
Madison he's driving in his car we were
in Madison visiting some friends in
college so drinks were had I was a
little tipsy that's why I was not
driving he was driving he drives he gets
sure and we're driving home and this
gorgeous song starts playing and and you
know I'm a little inebriated I don't
really hear it and I start really
getting into the next song plays I'm
just like ah man this is really good who
is this he said you don't want to know I
said no I really like this what is this
and he refused tell me for a little bit
let's all right tell me for real Death
Cab for Cutie
you you the more all the stories you
just can't push it he kind of did
huh the kind of did no he let it happen
naturally he let he let me discover that
was it no that was just a clever way of
pushing sometimes you have to trick
somebody into trying something he was
subverting he was he was he he basically
set up an opportunity for me to discover
it
yes yes chant it's like Inception what
is getting somebody to try something you
can't just bet you did you do this you
need to you know make them think it's
their idea ooh there you go yes you have
to you have to in cept the the idea
mm-hmm you have to implant the idea and
make him think it was their idea I like
it I like it was something of us oh god
I don't remember what it was there was
some kind of movie or something I was
trying to get Karen to watch I think you
would love this I know you will love
this and she she wasn't having any of it
yeah they're like a you know year or two
later or she went like visit her friend
who's the living out of town now and she
came back we watch this movie it was
really like I'm like I told you to watch
that years ago sort of a bridge I said
you don't listen to me no your friend
Susan oh yeah that's great
look what she introduced you to huh Oh
Ritchie that just means you've been
wrong before I've been wrong plenty of
time right so you're you're no longer a
trustworthy aggregator for Karen I don't
remember what it was I wish I could
I'm a better game sure you need to play
this game yeah yeah
see so like with this guy right here his
right leg is unarmed as Noah has no
armor on it but I want to cut off his
arm because that'll get me more scrap in
the long run so there's a little bit
there's a little bit of a of a of a
min/max happening with the game which is
very nice there's a there's a lot of you
know every enemy has it has his own
little attack pattern thing that you
have to learn which is nice yeah now I
get his sweet sweets oh he had a good
body armor too I should have taken that
they'll be means they'll be more they'll
be more and it might look like I'm
getting through this area really easily
only because remember I've already
played this level so I know where all
the bad guys are hiding they have a
couple like little gotchas a little what
gotchas yeah they have a couple of
gotchas little bastards
my dying paradise lost' says if you guys
ever heard of berkeley shut up and jam
gaiden yes it's the free download
canonical sequel to the hit movie Space
Jam literally the best RPG made by
chubby hacker hands get on it guys using
certainly not an old-school RPG guy
right right and it takes its I guess
it's jokes though but the piss out of a
lot of yeah I'm familiar with it be
Jimmy lives is Jack I have the Fantastic
Four expansion it's actually great oh
shut up back rumor has it they stopped
printing it because Marvel is punishing
whoever owns the movie rights to the
Fantastic Four right the same that
they're doing like that's not making a
comic taste that making the comic yep
they've like slowed down a lot of x-men
stuff in favor for inhuman stuff which
they have the which they have the rights
for in fact they can't
two mutants yeah Marvel Studios can't
make a movie about mutants I know which
is why Quicksilver and Scarlet Witch
were like enhanced it's fine it's fine
I I never really felt like the mutants
fit in what the rest of the Marvel
Universe these people with strange and
unusual powers the heroes the public
loves them these people with strange and
unusual powers they're awful
we don't trust them pick one no they had
their pick one god damn it they had
their own thing they had their own
little thing because let you know like
someone someone getting superpowers
because they're bit by a spider is very
different than someone that was born
different rich and that's the they don't
know how the fuck spider-man got his
powers but to be fair they don't like
spider-man oh yeah that's true well not
a Jonah Jimmy doesn't know how the fuck
he got his powers mr. Destry dub whoo
cyan just like just like blood-borne I
just opened up a sweet little sweet
little shortcut that's right after you
are wearing a spider-man shirt rich yes
congratulations you have eyes but rich
did you know that you are wearing this
but I understand why that's relevant
I I like the old school spider-man
comics I know that about you
oh here we go we can make another leg
you're an armed thing yeah well looking
at a time thing did you know you can
bank your scrap so you won't lose it on
death yeah yes yes I did
in fact I'll show that right now I'm
gonna upgrade some stuff use my scrap
first so yeah you can upgrade your you
can you can get new limbs upgrade your
limbs and more importantly upgrade your
core you have like it you have an Iron
Man core and that's what this is right
here and if you see that circle with a
little like half blue ring that is your
core power consumption oh that oh yeah
definitely like down at the bottom and
the more pieces of tech you have on you
you know obviously the more power it
draws so then you need to use your scrap
to upgrade power that makes sense that
makes sense yeah yeah it's got a hole
got a whole little thing got a whole
little world to it so I'm probably gonna
let's see if I can upgrade my great my
weapon actually I really like this bone
saw yeah boom bonesaw bonesaw is ready
and I think that's all I can upgrade
right now all right and then to bank the
scrap you press y OOP and it's all
banked now so now there's just scrap
into bank shed I'm not playin oh I know
think we're just coming out tomorrow I'm
not planning on streaming tomorrow we
have we have stuff to do tomorrow we
even oh yeah we do yeah we have uh we
have stuff to do tomorrow so probably
not
a day one vanquished stream probably
won't happen but you did buy a new Mouse
just for vanquishing you know I mean
general I mean I'm wanting to Mouse
anyway you know like my old one but it's
getting old phrase gonna die sooner or
later sure got me a new Mouse there we
go
but most did I get what's the company
that makes it steal something the rifle
500 SteelSeries rival 500 something like
that okay I
it's got like 15 buttons but not not
like not like you were telling me about
like in the rows where they're all in
one spot yeah like space all over
tomorrow I like a mouse with buttons
some buttons or finger buttons summer
finger buttons summer thumb buttons no
yes
cuz like I have a problem with thumb
buttons I'm not very good at some
buttons I love my finger buttons no I
want I want more thumb buttons you're
more thumb bans I in see I like a grip I
like gripping my mouse I don't I know
that I can do this really easily I don't
I don't like Mouse I got a death grip on
my mind I am fine holding a mouse where
my thumb is just resting on the buffers
oh yeah hold it you know strong enough
to push them in but just on those
buttons okay alright there we go
I had to upgrade my mic or again because
I didn't have enough power for all of my
shit so now I got some now I got some
shit here I got nice little leg implants
I got arm implants so now I should be a
little bit faster I am gonna go through
the area again just to kind of just to
really banks crap at this point just to
uh what do you call it we call when you
go through an area again just to get
points harvest oh there's a better name
for and I just can't think of it
farm thank you in cephalo pathetic I'm
I'm going to go through this area again
to farm scrap oh yeah why couldn't I
think of that
were you at somewhere somewhere not a
mrs. Jack says he's on a budget buys a
$200 Xbox one controller why do you
think I'm on a budget
obviously there's some wiggle room with
that budget pro controller is a nice
thing to splurge on and it is nice he
hears he was my justification mm-hmm I
play games as part of my job yeah I play
a ton of games I want a nice controller
to hold and to me that expenditure was
worth it I certainly did talk to Lisa
before making that purchase I I wore out
a few controllers you know when a
relatively short amount of time uh uh I
splurged on one - they're nice they're
nice controller
they're very it is not falling apart
it's holding up well really solidly
built yeah it's the Xbox one elite
controller more worthwhile than a
standard 360 controller that's kind of
what we're talking about I end like I
personally if you play if you play a ton
of games with that controller I think it
is it's a beautiful controller I've
never like I've never felt it has this
gorgeous rubber material it's the same
it's the same basic shape but yeah the
materials it's made out of her so nice
doesn't rip this analog sticks do not
feel cheap oh and and you know what the
adjustable height on those are my analog
sticks for the different games is
wonderful the adjustable d-pad the
adjustable triggers the flappers the
whole thing is is wonderful so I if you
game a ton I think it's worth it kind of
budget you're on you can get several
games for that exactly exactly
what's more important to you
because like this xbox360 controller
works just as well I also was able to
justify it as a work expense yeah yeah
like you know another expense that a lot
of people would consider crazy for me is
I got a very I got a pricey office chair
yeah I sit so much everyday at my
computer editing and doing other things
I got a really nice desk chair with
proper back support and it cost me way
more than I've ever spent on an office
chair but comfort and you know promoting
good posture while I'm editing and
working that kind of stuff was important
to me all right so I splurged
I splurged on something that I might not
have normally yeah headgear deck gently
her since a couple weeks ago I asked for
advice I'm telling my girlfriend's dad
about my proposals were know despite the
chats best efforts it all went fine we
are getting married in the fall hey
congratulations thanks for nothing
wait so did you did I remember you you
were wondering whether to ask permission
did you end up asking permission or did
you uh did you resource-first there's
all went fine I'm assuming that meant
that permission was asked sure
sure I guess crab says hey Jack like Rob
you are Jack I'm Jack why is the world
in love again question mark as the world
in love again why are we marching hand
in hand
why are the ocean levels rising up it's
a brand new record for 1990 They Might
Be Giants brand new album
reference acknowledged gently are as
response yes didn't ask permission just
let him know beforehand oh okay that's
fair
Jackson then you don't have to be like a
liar when you ask her anyway if he says
no sure you know you provide enough to
say yeah I'm gonna do this let me do
this yeah that's up and then you know
what and then if it was important to him
he could take that as asking for
permission you know yeah but it wasn't
really asking don't ask permission if
you're gonna go ahead and do the thing
anyway oh wow
Dubey sandwich says help Harlech yeah
dating farm girl firm girl shovels cow
dung ruins farm girl fantasy wants to
dump her don't want to be jerk should I
stick with her sorry for fragmented
words low on characters she works on a
farm their animals poop man I'm sorry
that your farm girl fantasy was horribly
unrealistic it's not like stardew valley
i know no you have to deal with with
waste in any job for I mean if that kind
of stuff bothers you don't fantasize
that kind of stuff bothers you she'll
she's probably looking to dump you my
sissy boyfriend can't deal with animal
dung but that should have nothing to do
with it do you like spending time with
her if she comes if you know like then
it's it's just a question of like does
she not bathe when she comes home
because that's a whole different problem
presumably you would get used to the
smell yeah over time so then like help
my farm girl my farm girl girlfriend who
won't bathe regularly that's a different
problem
but listen either either get over it or
or say hey I can't deal with you
shoveling shit all day and then she's
gonna be like one and he'll be like yeah
I'm total wimp
I should be like yeah you are in you're
like you and you deserve better than
look if if there it would be me if do me
sandwiches asking that question in the
first place yeah then he doesn't love
her oh yeah
at which point probably shouldn't break
it off just not because of the smell
just because you know you're not in love
yeah yeah no and you know a relationship
needs more than love you need there's
other there's other things important to
a relationship and if you're if you're
already complaining about that yeah and
get out of there get out of there
oh you shovel poop yeah so what so what
I just found out my girlfriend poops
everyone's everyone's got a breaking
point Jack yeah I mean I guess would you
love your wife no matter what ah I mean
probably I don't know what's the what's
a scenario um she smells like poopoo
let's not let's start from there okay
sure sure she smells like cow poop yeah
I would love her but then I'd have a
conversation about proper hygiene her
legs are mangled in a wood chipper
accident sure you still love your wife
of course of course her faces her face
is burnt horribly oh yeah we can deal
with that you can deal with that can
deal with that
your wife gains 500 pounds we'd have a
talk we'd have a talk yeah okay and we
are actually my wife's I can help but
it's some medical things there's a bit
of gland problem it cannot be helped oh
okay that's easy that's a different
situation my wife and I already have it
set up like we know if we go over a
certain amount we have to have a talk
with each other and that's that includes
me too cuz I like I was fatter I was
much fatter than this at one point but
just just the visual huh he or she
couldn't help but she's 500 pounds you
still love your wife
mmm yeah yeah no I still love her that's
tricky Matt what medical is there is
there any barrier
visually to your love for your wife
visually no like if she just like slowly
turns into a horrible bitch then you
know what if she looked like a young
Brad Pitt and what's the problem
she's just like she's just like a
handsome dude but it's your wife in
there got a vagina no no she's just like
that's her medical condition she's a
handsome dude she is the medical
condition is healthy
sure she is well there was an industrial
accident that trans morphed her and she
looks like she's a very oh oh
now you're talking rich that's that's
tricky
that's Trixie uh yeah then I guess I'm a
gay dude I don't know maybe maybe we
could get it to work maybe we could get
that to work yeah you're saying maybe
I'm saying maybe this came up with Karen
once years ago you know what I answered
honestly yeah yeah just no yeah that way
and you know what I felt good because I
gave an honest fucking answer jack well
I'm saying maybe I'm saying I'm I guess
what I'm saying is I would give it a try
right are you saying you'd like just cut
and run right away no I'm not gonna have
a relationship with like like that I'm
saying I I guess we're just friends now
I give it a girl shot I'd give it the
old college try my farming did not go
well I died but that's okay we can get
it back
I'd give it I'd give it a try
which is uptight now we're just straight
there's a difference
shit like I'd saw that was it prelude to
a kiss and I'm like now this movies
lying
what's prelude to a kiss oh I'm like the
wedding the wife switches bodies with
like an old dude see now that's a much
easier question like at the end he loves
her anyway and I'm just thinking no no
that's full of shit see by the way
that's that's the that's the easier
question to answer
like she trains morphs into like an ugly
dude like now that we and what let's
still hang out for board game night but
you know nah but a handsome dude like
maybe we yes meg Ryan and I was Alex
Baldwin Alec Baldwin Alec Baldwin that's
saying Alex Baldwin probably not Alex
yeah no maybe an Alec Alec Baldwin
immigrant interesting and some old dude
some others of course
yep ship haute-loire says hey rich and
Jack hi
I just finished ds9 and TNG and I'm
looking for a new sci-fi show have any
of you seen Battlestar Galactica is it
worth it
I really like Battlestar Galactica the
the new the new Battlestar Galactica run
I really enjoyed really enjoyed it yeah
incredible space battles like they do
the realistic spaceship battles you know
where they're like barrel rolling and
doing all that cool cool shit and just a
great premise really great premise
you know the entire you know the entire
population of Earth on all of humanity
is trapped on one battleship and and
it's gorgeous and I'm gonna recommend
first rib of course that's like
guardians of the galaxy but a TV show
mm-hmm
the the one downfall and I know we've
talked about this before with the the
the remake of Battlestar Galactica is
the very end of the series in fact I am
and I'm talking about like the last
scene even the last episodes pretty good
but the last scene is I rollin Lee bad I
rollin Lee bad but the whole sphere the
series in general is very good I've
heard they over do the whole everyone's
a robot thing this now this characters a
robot dead characters really a robot and
now this characters really a robot
everyone's really a robot don't they do
that like a lot well from what I've
heard so the the main conflict in the
show is the humans versus the Cylons
versus the road it's a it's a race of
robots yeah and so they do it a lot but
it's very appropriate because that's
their main enemy I I never felt like
they overdid it it was just you know
like that's your enemy silence and Becky
got plagued would really like to
recommend Stargate
terrible I know it's funny that's the
thing that happened that's the thing
that would happen Farscape or fire first
game
did I say Firefly you see you said first
game first game Firefly is a great show
to watch Firefly Firefly is a great show
Sarris Cape is like guardians of the
galaxy that's that's the very first
thing you said after you came out of
guardians 1 like Peter quill and
Gomorrah are just direct ripoffs of
Crichton and Aeryn only they have much
better chemistry and they have better
reasons for having issues hooking up
Guardians comin came up before first
Cape who's ripping whom off you do know
that the original guardians comic is
completely different from what we got
from the movie it's like not even the
same characters right the version you
are familiar with sometime in the 2000s
yeah yeah Farscape actually predates it
yeah the original guardians is very very
different than the Guardians you know
and the gardens you know are a recent
reboot and they were only rebooted as a
test market for a Guardians movie so
they probably took a little bit from
farce game okay but star-lord is older
than Farscape I believe yeah but I
probably wasn't written the same way
why am i drawing a blank on other good
sci-fi shows right now what's wrong with
my brain right now
yeah Twilight Zone oh no good sigh the
expanse yeah the expanse is an amazing
sci-fi and you haven't seen it yet and
rich I know I need to I know I need the
expanse and a rival I'm not gonna shut
up about it until you watch them because
you know what you keep you keep right on
going on you keep it up I'm gonna I'm
gonna push you and then I'm going to
write a three-page recommendation no but
the experience is an amazing sci-fi show
if you if you want to watch something
that's a little more mystery orientated
but still in the sci-fi realm
I recommend orphan black more so if you
want to watch some of the best acting
you will ever see mm-hmm
you watch orphan black the main premise
I'm gonna spoil a little bit okay
it's an old show like they're on season
three now so I feel like you know we're
kind of out of spoiler territory but
it's about clones okay
and so one actress plays all of these
different clones and sometimes she is
acting like clone B and clone B is
acting like clone C and so you can see
her as an actress B clone be trying to
act like clone C but she plays all of
the clones it's some of the most
impressive acting you will ever see
orphan black okay and I think that's a
really good show also black mirror if
you haven't seen that that's the bit
that's basically sci-fi Twilight Zone
yeah yeah Twilight Zone tack the tech
orientated sure Twilight Zone which is a
very good West world West world is
another that's a great sci-fi show right
now on HBO
there's Ranger things yeah first of all
yeah that's a fucking good show yeah
just you know what just talk just watch
that because it's not like space but
that's some sci-fi uh you know I don't
know if that counts rich I'll be like
that totally fucking calm is gonna be
real real with you here only 100 counts
I don't know if that counts as sci-fi
but it's still a very good show
a very good show
how fuck oh my god he'd get what I found
a big robot
congratulations Jax I found a big robot
something I should congratulate you on
no stranger things is as sci-fi as et
yeah but et had aliens like I'm not sure
strange a stranger things didn't even
have that and I don't know if that
counts that's that's like a fantasy I
don't know if that counts aside it's
another dimension of science fiction
they open a science II portal to another
dimension
it's totally fucking 100% sci-fi and in
no way is anything other than sci-fi
grey area no it is actually just black
and white it's science fiction there is
no gray involved at all there is zero
there is zero grayscale it's like it's
like reading an issue of Sin City there
is no gray still at scale it's just
black and white in science fiction first
one hundred and ninety percent science
fiction oh shit it killed me again Jack
doesn't know Syfy is that I guess that
might be true I think sci-fi is just
spaceships science I like I guess do
another dimension I guess but you know
like to me there's monsters fine x-files
Jack do you consider that science
fiction I guess I've never really
thought about it is a science fiction I
guess I've never really thought about it
I suppose I suppose you're right I
suppose you're right I guess I just
never thought about it like that here's
the thing I the latwon when I faced this
robot on my own at home I beat it
without even losing a single health
thing and now it has killed me twice and
I don't like that
ow
Wow
they're just John relieve us of video
store people can sort shit out yeah yeah
yeah that's true to a large extent
when were just some good science fiction
movies recent no in general just in
general like fucking what's it called
dark city dark city is an amazing movie
that not enough people talk about what
did I kill you
one new shining coin there we go that's
how I be dead the guy the first time you
just walk around him holy shit
oh no oh there we go come on
you travel I thought I got trapped I
thought they I thought they were serious
metal detected me trapped me in a room
there we go all right great doo doo doo
Oh district 9 yes district 9 is a great
sci-fi movie district 9 is a like what a
what a what a triumph of a small-scale
science science fiction movie
district 9 the William Meister's is Jack
and reg but mostly rich have you guys
ever seen The Venture Brothers animated
show on Adult Swim that takes
inspiration from slash parodies
adventure shows and classic comics
highly recommended talked about it
before I love the show let's so the last
season for four years I was saying The
Venture Brothers is my favorite show
currently on television I think it has
been efficiently superseded by Rick and
Morty what you for talking about science
fiction Rick and Morty is also great in
addition to being good comedy there's
some great science fiction in Rick and
Morty they have they have fantastic
ideas
I feel overwhelmingly mad towards Rick
and Marty
I love Rick and Morty I got a feeling
it's just gonna burn out oh it's gonna
burn out yeah yeah possibly like I said
I just I have no Rick is just too
extreme of an asshole for it not to get
tiring after a while and they're they're
not gonna be able to shock you they
they're they're gonna write of places to
push it sure classic Simpsons problem
but for now it's great The Venture
Brothers could still redeem itself The
Venture Brothers doesn't need to redeem
itself The Venture Brothers has been
largely great like I said I didn't like
the last season that much but they're
still like like five great seasons hell
I think they thought it was done at the
end of season four the end of season
four for The Venture Brothers it feels
like a series wrap up feels like a
series finale and everything we've
gotten with The Venture Brothers after
season four is just kind of like bonus
material that's that's the way I look at
the Venture Brothers sure
but your brothers is still happening it
takes in like two years to come out with
a season as far as I know they're still
working on another one but like I said
it takes them like two fucking years to
crank out a season and I think they're
just burnt out I think they're done with
it
sure
okay great Roisin frisky dingo oh yeah
oh I love frisky dingo risky dingo is
great
murderface was that it was no face skull
face I thought was like murder kill no
pretty sure it was skull face kill face
Thank You jail okay
we were we were right what the
difference yeah was murder kill now it
was face face great it was a face go
faces something right no is there that's
probably a savage dragon villain that
sounds like a sure alright people
watching this just confused what the
hell is a frisky dingo what the fuck are
they talking about explain any of it you
frisky dingo was that was an early Adult
Swim cartoon right like yeah yeah frisky
dingo was on at the same time as like
Aqua Teen Hunger for the first season
about Christine daaé about the first
season I think I think those people were
still doing Seaquest offenses Seaquest
20 20 years she was a fun show too
when they stopped making Sealab they
made frisky dingo and then that only
lasted two season then they went to FX
they started making Archer oh yeah
Sealab 2021 I want to say Sealab 2021
was what was one of the first times that
they they actually made their own
animations instead of recycling old ones
mean frisky dingo no see lab that was a
lot of recycled animation no I think
they had to they had to like they made
it look like recycled animations but
they had to make their own you know
a lot of the team was the same people
who did Space Ghost Coast to Coast okay
and you know Space Ghost is all recycled
animations in kind of different settings
but for Sealab they they actually found
a way to make it look recycled but
you're saying the brac show Breck show
yeah I'm assuming there's some kind of
new animation in the brac Cheryl Space
Ghost that's like a spinoff of Space
Ghost
yeah I guess I never saw the break I
showed them Sealab was like 90% recycled
yeah I remember I thought I remember
reading something about them like how it
was a big deal for them it was like
tweak things here and there mm-hmm they
weren't just doing read ups with it but
they were reusing a lot of material Adam
okay
it's fine it's all fine fuck fuck fuck
Oh gotcha hot guys 64 says thanks for
all the amazing content on prereq and
our om get ya watching you guys mix my
week better thank you very much
appreciated see that was the first time
they made a few new animations I think
that could be I I remember it was like
it was a big deal for them as a studio
cuz they're like you know like they had
since before that only recycled
animations and so I item it's been
awhile like that shows even pretty old
so those fuckers got me with a gotcha
rich gotta watch out for the gotcha
dicks
Dick's bgb liveses last boardgame
question okay Jack yeah I watch the
stream where you back darksouls the
board game yeah rich mocked you what's
your opinion now everyone else seems to
hate it
yes play Kingdom death um I have the
dark souls board game yeah it is on my
board game shelf with all of my other
board games currently still wrapped in
plastic yeah yeah I haven't had a chance
to play it yet unfortunately a last
board game night we played that might be
thinking about the blood-borne game no
cuz blood-borne was not a Kickstarter oh
we played the blood-borne game and we're
kind of mad about it the Dark Souls game
which I was a backer of and did receive
we just haven't got around to playing it
only because I got it around the same
time I got Star Wars rebellion you every
time you say that I think of the old pc
game which is a different board game and
we all chose to play that board game
instead of the dark fils board game
because if we had to learn a new game we
all figured we could learn the Star Wars
one easier all right Simon mousetraps is
ever heard of the ban mono puff Jack
it's John flying bird from they might be
giants where I need a cheap fake beard
that Jack is punching monsters I'm
assuming he's now I actually have not
heard of mono puff but it sounds fun
death metal six one six is rich I've
recently discovered the angelfire GMP
Pictures website
hahaha we were where was still up the
site amusingly says guerrilla
interrupted may never see the light of
day I I could have no it's still I was
up likely last time I checked or heard
about it was like a couple years ago now
but yeah we're of it feel so old because
of Angel Fire so very old because you
had a geocities page I don't like really
young at that time so old suppressing
this fuck being old oh yeah ass fine
look it's better than not getting old
rain is still depressing as fuck adds
fine I hope that I get old before I die
which is not old he acts old you don't
think it both be true I'm 39 I'm not
hiding that 39 and a half I'm 39 and a
half an hour and a half you know what
rich it ain't old
it ain't young what do they know how
about that how about that
I want to die at 60 or something while
sleeping the gamer
bendito ask yourself that question when
you're 59 you might have a different
answer yep I'm pretty sure you're not
gonna actually want to die when you're
60 I know some I know some people who
are 59 and 60 they're still spry
motherfuckers you'll be fine
keep up eating them broccolis and you
know go for a walk every day you keeps
Prime and you keep spry Becky got played
maybe don't send me long rambling
stargate emails that's the key to a long
life jack won't forward me emails no I
won't cuz they're long ramble a stargate
emails up and you know i'm not gonna
read it
yep it's the wrong approach say that
it's the it's the wrong approach you
know you need to do if you really want
to if you really want to get me in a non
Stargate find a clip online oh that
perfectly summarizes everything that's
great about Stargate and I don't mean a
clip of you explaining why Stargate is
great great find a clip from the show
yes where if I watch that clip I will
say hot damn I have to watch that under
two minutes at least like two minutes is
the maximum length of the clip by the
way that's a now you're talking rich now
you are talking I don't want to see a
45-minute video of you in front of a
camera talking about Stargate that is
not what I mean that's a great idea rich
now you're talking
now you're talking man
I'm a friend who like Stargate now he's
weird he's very weird
I'm sorry I saw a clip of the
spectacular spider-man in cartoon and I
just zoom yeah Disney cartoons but I
mean how can it I didn't think much of
it yeah
I saw a clip online from the fat cartoon
with spider-man taking on the sinister
six single-handedly and I was like oh my
god that's awesome I immediately went
out I found a DVD of season 1
do I not have body gear I do not have
body gear
rich of your friends are you usually
considered the weird one you say that
like it's a bad thing
I don't think any of us consider any of
us the weird ones I'm totally the weird
one well saying it's not a conversation
we've ever had
alright guys it's time to decide who is
the weird one
yeah who's the weird one yeah I mean bu
of course there we go just I know what I
am I'm just saying like it's not that's
not something we sit around and talk
about fucking you know what I am okay
okay did my concern Star Trek into every
conversation in high school and college
also you know what Mike did at the art
table every day he would draw a Spock of
the day on the table on the yard table
yeah the big group art table was the
Spock of the day a later class thought I
did they like scratch it out it's like
fuck you Ridge something like somebody
thought it was me but knows every day
Mike Padron new spark
okay great great
anonymous says yeah
