Murdering Jason(But not(Part 1))
July 5, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0wMphCnr5mo

the screens back obligate hit the rich
button hit the rich button
there we go that's slightly better hi
everybody
what's up I there's been some technical
difficulties I'm more worried about
their servers being down because we're
we're getting the set up yeah
and suddenly we both got kicked out of
the game we both had login failures and
where we just we're just waiting too
long as we were setting up maybe I
almost the same time so I think their
servers went down that's very possible
hold on should make this a quick night
okay all right now this is podracing yes
this certainly is all right all right go
steaming and start mine up all right
start yours up and then we're gonna go
to obs move move over yes back over here
where we can see it oh yeah hold on
scoot you over there theoretically now
oh wait you see it on my screen
oh you hear it I don't see any over here
though shit
we'll fix that right don't you work
there disparities everything's fine
you wanna adjust your brightness I do
want to adjust my brightness my screen
is all messed up connecting said do we
have any brave souls try and contact us
about fighting Jason I want to I'm on a
posse a thrower I think it's best if not
we just tried this you a mate I think
you know like maybe we'll like warm up
by triangle okay something is all fucked
up with my with my computer all right I
think I have my gamma setting I think I
need to crank my game I like way up now
you guys can kind of see mine Hey
also I have to wear this very silly
headphone because uh so you can hear the
game so I can hear the game and talk if
I need to talk to other people in the
game with you could you click start for
me I'm the mouse
oh no that's me click the mouse but does
anything I like this game but there's so
many fuckin technical fuck-ups okay
how's that
alright alright we're gonna okay now you
need this for your push-to-talk
I just need this right so so you you get
situated with you there my game is like
all the way up there okay put this
behind us do it again alright hey
everybody
now we're slightly prepared now we're
cooking with gas
all the gas alright my gamma is all the
way right customized counselor so we
need a chick
we need a chick and somebody who can
knock masked off of faces yeah we need
one of them I wanted them broads one of
them chick broads priests ton chance
will be handy
thick-skinned what setting can do this
yeah you guys can see mine that's fine
use push-to-talk yes use push-to-talk
apply oh wait no no I don't want to use
push-to-talk tech damage increases Tommy
okay overall stammers just general good
to have a weapon durability sure or
attack speed increase day so we are for
anyone who doesn't know tonight we are
going for a Jason kill that's the hope
that's the dream which that when rich
and I are counselors and I have my
computer here off to the side with a
separate monitor as you can see over the
over there
everything's also a little weird because
jack is a wild good I am a wild card I
hold on I'm gonna go to my female
counselor because we need that we
definitely need at least one female
she's got a good stamina boost she's got
a low profile and some strength oh she
has she has decent strength but good
stem you know she's a good runner too
cuz with the girl I need to run in and
out of the cabin as soon as possible
I can also break free from Jason's grabs
easier so that's my that's my hope here
is I can break free from his grab okay
okay right and this will keep me
helpfully hidden from his ability and if
I do get out of his grab I get an
adrenaline a stamina boost which is you
know something I enjoy so then yeah here
if you if you seem like if you head over
to my stash here you see how we do this
look at that yeah
that's pretty neat now you can see my
name's yeah oh listen that extra ten
minutes that we were late guys totally
worth it totally worth it for that look
at that so you know I'm gonna go Vanessa
here and I'm gonna go with strength as
the hardest part to get the mask off
something on with buzzy okay so now we
want to go to our spawn preferences and
go to councillor spawn preference right
oh yeah yeah we do I think that's a good
idea I don't even think of that yeah you
see this this is a pro setup we have
going here super pro what apply all
right
I have to we have to apply settings okay
all right I think I'm good
we will see here brightness did you get
better me now I put up I put it up to
the max gamma oh that it could go that's
insane
I will switch it oh you did switch it
back to you good well you know are you
ready are you ready we gotta meet up I
guess how do we go create a party yeah
create a party and anyone else we show
this huh
what do you mean well people's names
come up and well they not want names
being seen should I listen that's part
of the oh it doesn't show up so it's
fine no friends are showing up to invite
oh I know it's not true
cuz I'm right here you're right there
cuz I'm right here game what are you
doing max gamma private I destroy the
party rich invite to party right you
invite me all right I'm going to a
private match here no I just started a
private match I think you have to invite
on now I now invite oh I see I don't you
people have shown up oh wait is this set
to offline or something maybe hey my
students at the offline I don't know
those were at the same party doesn't
fucking matter
does anybody you know playing Friday the
13th right now
I set up a private match not a party I
know I know
thank you so what I want to do here okay
Oh invite to party great party create
party invites if I there we go oh you
know one here I'm probably set the
offline mode I'm gonna put out again
gosh darn it rich where'd you go to
change this shit huh what are you going
to change this wait I gotta get back in
the game
oh yeah now get back in the game offline
moody a rich are you rarely multiplay
reverse game is one of the major
exceptions to that no it's okay you're
getting in the game now are these bb8
headphones these are yeah these are like
rogue squadron headphones I got them on
sale at Target for pretty cheap it's got
a little microphone also I fucking love
Star Wars yes you guys know me alright
okay invite me to the thing tab to view
and clip to join joining party joining
party that's a magical time we're gonna
do it boom you're in the party are you
ready rich I'm ready I'm ready let's
let's do this
alright well anybody else you know play
music fucking game uh listen let's do it
just you and me party for now okay you
know we need rich some warm-up time
alright yeah I think I sound decent with
this headphone people can hear me people
generally hear me it's not the best but
you know works gets the job done gets
the job done though I couldn't play with
this microphone when I was recording
gameplay footage because when I have
this headphone plugged into my
controller no sound goes out and so I
needed a whole different elaborate setup
when I was recording all the game audio
well I sound good now cuz you guys are
hearing me through this microphone but
they have to hear me should you download
this game and try to join no because you
will not know how to play the game
you're not experienced at this game
you're you're out of the party we're not
we're not putting up with your shit we
got some we need if we're gonna kill
Jason we need people who know what
they're doing at least someone Wow we
know who we're muting right
what the fuck
the table of death oh yeah
oh my you know the problem with
multiplayer games is completion it's
always the biggest problem
all right here we go here we go all
right okay which Matt we are not the
counselors that I thought I set myself
to oh I am NOT like Oh cuz we forgot to
change it in-game well shit well that's
fine that's alright it's fine all right
you know we're gonna continue the plan
this warm up jack this is yep this is
exactly what we're doing we're just
warming up this is why you warm up I
think it's already gone wrong everything
well you know we can do that
Oh hope I found gas are we going for the
gas and battery are in the hold on where
the hold hawk are you hey gas and
battery are over here where are you I'm
huh
where are you I don't know next to one
of the cars yeah along I'm gonna go
check out this car next to us here and
see if it's a four-seater I'm gonna
check out getting away from here yeah
get away from Jason that's why my goals
it's a fine goal rich oh oh oh my god
that I need to tell him hold on
hey the four-seaters over here we found
the gas in the battery right next to the
four seater rich this is amazing and I
have a character with really good repair
stats shit and I messed up he knows
we're here
oh now Jason's chasing me
gas and battery in the four-seater Jason
still by you yeah you didn't notice
walkie-talkie
hey rich hold on I can't do something
out quick walkie-talkie just gonna walk
you you had batteries in the other room
yeah yet no we don't have keys yet and I
found the other battery actually right
next to the forest meter yeah we still
need keys we need keys I don't have a
map and I'm pretty sure Jason's on his
way to me now Jason's north oh great
I don't think Jason knows what the fuck
he's doing that's very possible which
it's very very possible how can what
you've really got the more exciting
things come on hold on switch this what
I have the more interesting stuff
happening yeah
hey guys we have a battery and gas in
the four-seater anyone got keys alright
let's head to the four seater over here
that's someone you muted is screaming
yeah we're all here we can go yes this
is a full car yes yes chard is good at
driving he can drive
drive
which is in the driver's seat now here
you go hey what happened to the our
fourth person well that's his fault he
was in here sluggish we won your Tommy I
don't Tommy okay well switch back to me
I was switching to you that was easy
I don't think that I think you're right
I don't think that Jason knew what he
was doing well shit we just I spent all
that time getting the fucking car out of
here now I know we don't have anything
else done this is bonus yeah this is
bonus you're it but then you gotta treat
Tommy what so you got a treat Tommy it's
like Bonus Time sure you're upset when
you go back in this Tommy you're looking
at it the wrong way
I suppose well you know like I'm upset
because I don't know where anything else
is and I don't know if anyone else is
talking or doing another battery I do I
do know where that other batteries get
to a motherfucker I'm on it I'm on it
don't you worry this oh I found that
this this is time to practice your tommy
strats right I found the the fuse house
too oh this place has been cleaned out
that someone left the fuse rich someone
left the fuse people are gonna do that
shit what the f man and Jason isn't
laying traps rookie Jason has to be a
reputation visceral attacks on stairs
says yeah I open the stream for one two
three grenades I skipped ahead a few
minutes because I wanted to see what the
gameplay look like you had already
switched to Friday the 13th
review yep I mean we knew almost
immediately almost immediately that dad
oh you ready got the cops on nice work
jack the fuse was in the house that the
fuse box was in they didn't surgeon well
enough no no they left one drawer
unsearched and it had the fuse in it oh
my god dumbass fucking dumbasses
everywhere in this game that's why you I
mean you have to double-check everything
and it's a pain in the ass but you have
to double-check every single house Jack
you're kicking all sorts of ass I listen
I've been practicing I've been
practicing the off switch says yeah did
you know in some parts of England they
call the legs of untanned men wearing
shorts hairy milk bottles this is just
some something I'm sharing completely
unprovoked for no reason at all oh that
makes me wiggle jerks
I'll took all the hell sprays you know
many more than they need they didn't
search that drawer or they did and it
was just crap they didn't search this
drawer well they were probably all full
of taking all the health potions no that
dressers you ever find anything in the
toilets I never do in the toilets like
you know in the stalls no yeah me
neither
you know either though yeah it's a kilt
yeah yeah I've seen the toilet
is your setup so they get the audio from
you no they don't get the audio from you
which probably should have change that
they can't know they just can't we can
if I have this headphone plug then they
cannot get the audio from oh okay which
you know like obviously there's just not
a lot we can do about that we have some
we have some serious hardware
limitations and that's that's just it
you know I'm getting I'm getting your
audio by spectating so we're good oh
there you go
and that that's gonna be trippy oh yeah
sorry our delays just a little bit it's
not it's not quite perfect we thought we
thought was very good it's pretty good
it's just no it's the spectator cam
isn't the same as yours I can move this
around independently that's why it looks
different you went in that window at the
same time our fucking delay is perfect
fuck yeah that's what I like to hear
close the fur it's pretty good it's
close enough I mean look at that look at
that all right where am i god I'm just
waiting for the cops like I got two
minutes left go check out that toolshed
maybe there's something that Jason
killed anybody
Jason hasn't killed it to evade to evade
something wait no he has killed to evade
to evade escaped escaped
oh he go by Chad when it was on my cam
Chad must have left then no he I think
he killed him he's got that's one of his
goals no every died yeah they believe
everything dies I don't want sit around
though make sense but wait till after
they're dead I don't give a shit okay
they leave before they're dead because
they're mad they're not Jason their
pricks
and different different angle on the
action nice nice work rich so be great
if you're being chased
oh yeah hi
what's going on nope okay that's fine
all right you know what let's just let's
do some math practice here nope let's
leave
really Tommy you're just gonna leave
them to kill that girl
Tommy you already escaped you don't get
anything extra for escaping twice you
know yeah your only job is Tommy is to
rescue other people at this point nice
yeah but she's trying to escape on foot
she's that know what you can't you can't
do anything about stupid you can only do
so much she's hanging out by the exit
and she can't leave there yet if she
escapes nope no you're right rich you
can't do anything about the baby oh poor
girl
and I need a weapon if I'm gonna oh
she's right there oh she was right there
is she dying
she glitched she should have kicked off
by now
there we go
all right I help this bus he survived is
he close uh you probably see him on your
map yeah I can meet up with them an
album I can meet up with them an album
okay come on we can do this friend I see
Jason in the woods I see Jason in the
woods come on friend we can do this
alright alright he's son of a bitch oh
okay
where'd he go come on he's just probably
out of stamina okay come on let's dig
this right here let's go wait where you
going man it's time to go
okay we got out we got out that's all
that matters
this that's a good idea chant I'm gonna
I'm gonna mute you one cuz we're getting
an echo when you talk oh sure sure and
yeah you don't need to hear it I like
the way this working out yeah yeah okay
trying to do anything on the steam
controlers hard words boom boom
I know I'm stuck on the screen oh can
you continue on okay you muted me yep
alright we're returning to lobby rich
here well good oh shit everything's
broke get you back named cam do you
wanna find a room where our pings aren't
fucking garbage yeah
Liv you're in the driver's seat
wait dump did you spend the party you
did I I'd love some swimming I'm with
you doctor do it up says hi guys
I just finished the last expansion for
The Witcher 3 it was lovely
but now I'm sad because I'll probably
never play something this brilliant
again hmm
were you ever sad about finishing a game
yeah it's not about finishing a game
sure just maybe play a couple extra side
missions just just to stretch it out
play the game Oh fine sure
I felt I felt a decent amount like I
know there were there were extra little
side bits that I could have done oh my
god there are extra little side bits I
could have done in horizon zero dawn but
you know like I was ready for it to be
over and I felt I felt pretty good about
the ending so but I definitely could
have like oh yeah this story was a
little bit longer that would have been
nice ah our pings are still kind of shit
but also we have two of us here and
we're streaming and I think this is just
gonna be one of those that uh alright
that we have to do you know what rich
was putting the batteries back into the
wireless keyboard which fell off my
couch right you see we always need to
have our keyboard right next to us
whenever we play this game because you
can rebind controls and because we're
we're talking to you guys we need
push-to-talk and so we need to make sure
our push-to-talk button is right nearest
except for me because I have this little
mutant this is not just touch us by the
way cuz all of these pings are garbage
we can deal with it because they're all
garbage yeah but you know what when I
was I playing either last night or this
afternoon a little bit and and all my
things were garbage I wonder if they're
having server maintenance maybe issues
why is this only seven honey oh right
right oh crap oh crap well I'm a girl
but you're not the girl I'm not the girl
that I want to be wait a minute
wait how come I didn't switch mine I hit
X maybe not in time oh you know what we
need to pay attention more right okay
this is another of training why is this
in 720 because it not only uses like
Internet bandwidth for us to send it out
but also for you guys to take it in and
we just want to make sure that our
streams are running as smoothly as
possible and 720 seems to be a nice way
to do that yeah I tried watching some of
games done quick with we're just going
on right now the big speed running their
doors of course and my internet I get
the apartment is shit uh-huh and it's
just kind of like stopping every now and
then it's really obnoxious yeah and then
we're gonna go jump in it yeah yeah so
we try to you know 720 still high
definition no I'm still still quality
enough five push up against this wall
I'll hit it and then would you go to the
alright you're right I am buzzy oh okay
did anyone else get away I'm still lady
so if we wanted to try for it yeah I
need weapons I need a weapon
you know like the the really upsetting
part was what Jason here already you're
probably by them probably by the phone
yeah no I don't think I am by the phone
pocketknives
healing spraying more pocket knives have
a healing spray oh I found a map wrench
would be nice
machete does damage but with two of us
we're gonna have to do some stunning to
survive yeah I think wrench is the way
to go even though the machete does way
more damage sure exile take ax I think
that's got decent stun and good damage
but I need someone to back me up case it
grabs me need pocket knives he's on my
button where are you at I'm in I'm in
the radio tower house where is that I'm
in spring water I'm in spring oh god I'm
in the other side of the fucking map
shit who's that alright I'm gonna keep
looking for pocket knives then okay
there's no way I can get there in time
to help that's fine if I find a battery
I'll fuck up a repair for you now I can
get out of this I can get out of this
this Jason oh I got a walkie-talkie
that's so full
maybe I can get out of this
shit shit made of bread made a bad call
Richard
oh no he's killing someone else it's
fine keep going keep going
yeah I'm gone I'm at the I'm at the
archery range I'm basically just hoping
to find a pocket knife I okay I have a
first-aid spray I'm heading towards the
mechanical shed we have a Tommy Jarvis
did you call Tommy Tommy's was called
yes I did not call him but Tommy he was
called me just stunner that's good stuff
how does the pipe do first time I don't
really know the stats on them I have a
pocket knife so I could be a little bit
bold with this axe that's what the
pocket knife is okay so his camp he's
nearby
all right I'm gonna go see if I can find
his sweater his sweater should be up
there right up by the peninsula
which and I were doing a little homework
early
we're doing a little homework earlier
and testing our knowledge of where the
Robin Jason spawn sites would be king Oh
is he just gonna kill you without
grabbing you guys why wasn't his
swinging did you hat not have the axe
the car is driving away the car is
driving away going poorly yeah yeah it
is
oh no he's at the car now he's at the
car I see him hi Jason you'd be busy
oh no don't come this way car I'm trying
to get away from Jason you were totally
where the actions at huh oh yeah Jason
is over here chasing the car I am by the
other car right now okay I'm looking all
I'm doing is looking for Jason's Hut at
the moment so because I think like
that's still the plan is you know is to
get the Jason kill we have some of the
makings for a Jason kill we need Tommy
on our side well I have a walkie talkie
you have a walkie talkie
so as soon as Tommy Jarvis is on the
scene we can start we can start out of
the plan
I'm on the peninsula which is sometimes
where his save him there or South I
think it's to your right
it's in the back you're the back end of
the peninsula okay
and we'll check and we'll check out over
there how are they doing in the car they
got out come on check come on check oh
is that a check no it's a house I don't
see a check might not respond over here
okay where's the other area could stop
by the main road by the main road yeah
son of a B hold myself well near where
the car got out that's fine all right we
will head that way then wait wait for me
I'm gonna take another look I'm pretty
sure it was a nip here huh looks like
Adam take a double checks take a double
check I kind of know where it would be
of course of course and okay I think
it's right in this area you know what
it's a measure twice cut once right yeah
that's that's a fair rather they have to
come all the way yeah this big patch
right here that's nothing yeah I'll wait
for you all right
tommy's on the scene Tommy Jarvis we're
going for a Jason kill you win
Tommy come back Tommy
who's Tommy Jarvis we're going for a
Jason kill very bad we just get the mask
off and we're fucked because Tommy's
gonna be dumbest sent towards a group
okay
just head towards another body that oh
wait you have come some people yeah one
of them's Tommy drivers Tommy Tommy
drivers we're going for Jason Kelly you
in we got to find his Shack you gotta
know he's here
that's it what you're in earshot itself
instead of the self okay I'm going so
why are you splitting up oh I thought
you guys were following me
I think the strat is to stay together I
thought you were following no no no no
no no okay well make our way there
slowly okay you guys work well I'll go
the roundabout you go you you just go
and we'll keep him busy yeah yeah keep
him busy I got this
I think he's near here though where's
yeah he was he was still neither I think
yeah he's Tobiah
I we're doing this this is the idiots
leading the blind well maybe it is right
now you know what we got we got a hope
we got hope in our heart and a song and
a song in our inner step all right i buy
the main road now you're dead that's
fine
all right I'm looking for a shack by the
main road that was further down it's
close to where the car went out and
that's kind of thick part okay hey guys
still still going for that Jason kill
wait don't step on the trap why did you
do that I didn't know as a trap I didn't
know as a traveler check your attack
button yeah I have to like sprinting
didn't swing the fucking axe
you'llyou'll why am I so afraid
cuz you stepped in a trap yeah I see
that nigga's leaving I think they're
just leaving yeah they just they just
left dickheads
I'm just gonna try to sneak in hope he
doesn't see me and he told me sees me we
need to stay together here's the piers
the strats Jack yeah here's the strats
okay when he grabs somebody the other
person hits them so they get knocked
free okay this is easy to do with like
three or four people hmm slightly harder
with just two and it's almost impossible
to do damage on him with just one person
cuz Jason can just grab your ass right
so we need to stay together okay if we
have if we have like four people three
people could stay together and then one
can you get the sweater but if we only
have if it's just the two of us I don't
think we can ever get that far apart
okay
no I think that's fair and we have to
stick with weapons that can stun him so
we can have each other's back to knock
each other free only he grabs
don't Stefan traps up you know I was I
was busy thinking about other stuff I
didn't even think about the traps I got
a sweater and I got out alive so so you
know there's that don't forget to switch
to what's-her-face
yep Vanessa yeah yeah I'm going for
Vanessa how did you know that Jason was
after his ass killed three out of eight
to bed
starwars headphones its headphones so I
can listen to my game because I'm
playing on a separate computer matter on
with a different monitor that's off
that's just off camera camera computer
mode fron compute all right now I'm
ready to go and so if I want to hear my
game which I do of course and more
importantly talk to people with my
microphone I can't talk to people with
this microphone because this microphone
is plugged into that computer the
computer up there and so I want to I
want to you know go on the computer over
here you see him it's all it's all part
of the the the what he call it the gizmo
the gizmos is the month of Friday the
13th being replaced by the year or I day
the 13th
well we'll stop playing when it stops
being fun jackass yeah it's really true
it's a very fun game when when fun
things stop happening live on stream
yeah we're done with it then if you want
we could switch to grenades one two
three first of all it's three two one
grenades disrespectful
we run random on random em play it
forever I know I I kind of could and I
just want I really wanted more I want
them to make this game more alright here
we go we're ready let's try made up
earlier yeah I have good speed and I can
I gotta pack a wallop just play that
groovy tune for us what groovy tune I
didn't know they were groovy tunes right
how else would how else would we see
like rich drug literally driving circles
around Jason if we didn't do this it's
by the way it's really weird for me I
don't know how it is pretty rich but
like seeing them on two different
screens yeah it's very it's very big
screens waiting to feel the vision this
is right so it's like off of the side
turned off oh yeah turned off ways a
little bit hey awesome outfit okay I'm
by the the bathrooms
Oh where's my thing go hey guys we're
going for a Jason kill you in you start
that way too early
way too early what do you mean I'm just
letting everyone know what my plan is we
just have to stick together watch each
other's backs until we get the mask off
then we can say hey everybody his mask
is off yeah but we can just tell people
beforehand and then they don't even
won't even worry about other stuff we'll
just go right after him I don't have a
nap yet dr. Harry Lime is thanks dr.
Harry
whoever dr. Harry Lime is he's got my
back he also called me jack so soon yes
I've seen that name in the stream I
think okay I think he knows who we are
and what we're doing now we got it we
have up we have a third word where are
you now
I'm by the houses by the bathroom to the
to the south of the bathroom I mean the
north the spring water to the south of
the bathroom is what I said and what I
meant
rich to the bathroom I said two people
and if your the house is to the south of
the bathroom my man my brain was not
registering words properly I'm just
thinking you were saying North I don't
know what's wrong with my brain yeah I
thought you would said North yeah I
really did that is it clearly what is
wrong with your brain moment yeah rich
has a brain moment all right hey you're
in the other house I am in the other
house strip I have a wrench and that bad
weapon to have Jason's here
or that could be lending that's the
music fucking with it okay I have a
health potion dr. Harry has a health
potion I'm gonna invite dr. Harry Lime
he's it we can start start it's too late
to invite him he's here already I mean
make him a part of the party yeah so we
could stay together oh okay sure he
might be a basic Vanessa though like
look at that outfit that's basic we'll
see we'll see how competent they are
okay doctor hurry line baseball bat all
right what are we doing rich find Jason
I think okay well I think it's as simple
as that why don't we head north and head
to the car yep because you know what
he's gonna be around that car well fake
be working on the car I've researched
this house yet uh no any pocket knife we
find is good sure that's like a freebie
wait where's Jason he's alright let's
just head to the car you know you want
we should we should check any of any
resources we get the better there's a
wrench it's not as good for stunning but
it is better for damage sure I have a
wrench dr. Harry has a machete yep
that's fine you know that's that's fine
that's fine
all right we got two people that can
that can stun someone if Jason grabs one
of us now we're going all-out attack let
her have you left I don't hear music
oh yeah there is
he's guarding you're not gonna do much
he's slashing his slashing he's slashing
yeah does that mean that means he's not
going for grabs
and if he's got his guard up we're not
gonna do any damage we're not gonna stop
him Oh oh he just locked the ammo
oh you get a special ending what
everyone else all those rich
you can't revive keys we can't hear me
either
part of my problem I wasted my health
spray I was trying to heal dr. Harry and
it healed myself instead look that's
nothing I wanted to use here had clouded
my ability to see Oh
which item others using oh you're close
to your close to this person person is
far away now can't look behind me is
that a few thing huh look behind me
button is not working huh maybe your
controller is all broke off I'd maybe
explain well I was having trouble
swigging we're having so much trouble
swinging this thing no idea I died Jack
died so now we're spectating I'm
watching riches back see you look at
this rich you can just look behind you I
guess we need keys at this point right I
think the cause is otherwise lost and
I'm willing to grab keys and get out of
here if I could find them big pile of
dead bodies
I mean we got some good we got some good
licks in we got some good hits in he was
smart enough to guard he wasn't
completely incompetent but well you know
the problem was he knew he could see
three of us have run right up to him and
so I think that's like yeah we what was
happening need to act like we're
repairing the car right I need to be
smart about it
well that was the plan but we ran into
him like I said you know you can have
the best plan but as soon as Jason shows
up it all goes to shit what corpses keys
put it corpses keys does anybody have
keys
yeah I can't my controllers having
issues I can't hit up to see who else's
sure well maybe unplug your controller
and plug it back in just to see let's
see here
marching home says guys how do you feel
about the Netherlands anyway I was dead
anyway
poor rich you got shot by another
counselor yeah I was dead anyway
sure but you know you at least want to
go with Jason so the right she's not
stunned that white Korean kid I thought
the wrench had more stunts rich you have
any specific thoughts about the
Netherlands its place they go frenzy
says why is Grand Nagus Zek such a great
character I don't know I don't hate the
character I know that I'd list them is
one of my favorites so I oh let me let
me go on about the very reason whoo okay
the second question who is Grand Nagus
Zek this is the leader of the Frankie's
okay
he's the he's the head CEO of the fraidy
Empire okay sure
yeah listen our mad killed Jason strats
are you gonna work the first time isn't
Grand Nagus Zek is not played by
what's-his-name The Princess Bride oh
yeah I think that's a placement Oh
that'll be why he's good
sure that's a great idea that was a
great character actor I think he's funny
done I think but now I'm gonna say that
and if you're looking back he's still
alive look at that outfit that's a great
well Shawn yes it was a Star Trek thing
no good good good let's see here
anonymous says hey rich and Jack what's
the weirdest and most outlandish thing
you have ever been gifted by a fan the
rich Evans doll is that the weirdest
thing a doll that looks just like you
cuz that's kind of weird somebody's son
of blackbirds with our name on my family
they worked in something upside in
business that just happened today
placards I sent Mike one with a Star
Trek logo that's just captain bicoastal
glossop oh that's cute yeah yeah I get
it I probably didn't even get one so how
about that or did I get one uh yeah
Wheldon oh yeah everyone okay that was
good yeah I thought it's like well he's
a god one yes yes jack placard ah I love
him I love him
Oh someone's backwards driving their way
out of this oh oh oh not not dying out
yet where you going
yeah they're gonna backwards drive their
way right out of this situation this is
great she's doing great
see if my controllers all the way
plugged in I am having issues - yeah I'm
plugging it and plug it back in just to
make sure that that your computer
registers it doesn't know what's going
on no it's not recognizing it at all oh
now you might need to like shut down the
game and restarted sorry rich I'd used
mouse and keyboard but I can't rebind
anything and I'd have to have I'm this
chair of this WASD thing hanging out I'd
love to just have my number pad and
rebind there that would be great that's
why I don't want to do an interview
because I would complain shit about a
show I got but I wouldn't let him off
the hook but I I would be curious as to
why that hasn't been a priority for them
and how hard something like that is
maybe they don't get that much demand
for it let's see here giggity giddy
sorry giddy guy one says hey Jack and
rich longtime RL m and prereq fan loved
the Friday the 13th streams just started
watching the movies thanks to you guys
part three was hilarious what was your
favorite Friday the 13th movie well I'm
not a I'm not a huge horror fan so my
favorite is Jason X because it's Locke I
also enjoy Jason Jobs part two I
remember being pretty good to be honest
I haven't seen most of them in a very
long time
probably not yeah you got to knock him
down a lot closer to that car he's gonna
zoom over there yeah yep that was silly
they might have a pocket knife yeah but
no she can't get back in she might be
able to squeeze in oh yeah little kick
away get in the car
can't no no she can she can it looked
like she knows who's in the weapon need
a weapon what kind of weapon you gotta
get closer to that car gotta get closer
to that car I'm gonna I'm gonna
reinvade me I'm gonna control on plate
yeah do it it's a fun game but a little
buggy a lot poorly made a little a lot
poorly made a little buggy it's like
it's like tiny tiniest bit buggy
another pocketknife rich another
pocketknife yeah that's great
I figured how to reinvent me J yeah I
love punching the head off that's my
favorite I I think I knew y'all means
what even then I'll reunite you assuming
my controller even works all right it
does
I mean leave here oh he murdered yeah
everybody everybody except for one
person who left no that's it for me
because I got shot with a shotgun that's
right yeah right yeah you got betrayed
all right let's see here
Dylan 924 says rich got any tips for
Orcs Must Die the game keeps kicking my
ass so much so the end of every day is
like a tums festival
no I'll top my head while my brain space
is not there no no general advice tar
tar is effective what's effective early
I like I don't know where you are or
what specifically is kicking your ass
about it like multiple strategies can
work like he can be when I have the way
on traps or you can turn yourself into a
battle mage you kick a lot of ass like
hands on you have options I guess don't
don't underestimate tar that's like the
first upgrade Terran barricades I'm in
the game just need to invite me I did we
still were still together
oh did it send oh wait I just took a
second
now you're in my party alright alright
alright here we go now we're ready mark
two mad strats going for a Jason kill
making it happen
alright I might I might switch up my
character okay you do you read I'm going
to switch to same perks okay but I'm
gonna switch to what's-his-face it's not
as strong but he's got some repair
skills I say we work on the car and then
if Jason shows up we get some licks in I
will go to switch your characters right
away get your perks in order rich get
all them perks humor ck says I think in
the next three hours we're not going to
get a Jason kill official collection
probably not listen it's very
purposefully incredibly difficult to get
a Jason kill but we have two people
working so you know it's something why
is the ping so bad I know to be fair we
have two computers asking a lot of the
internet and we're streaming everybody
but everybody's really bad they're
probably having server issues surprise
surprise
well here's the thing so Breen is God
says I know it's radical but maybe Jack
shouldn't be the lady one of us needs to
be the lady to get sweater so I wanna I
wanna crippled three
when he weighed two bruisers yeah we
need to bruise my lady has decent
strength to half Jason yeah
probably the best amongst the ladies
yeah so so we need a lady for sure to
get the sweater to initiate the Jason
kill
I'll see if I can get in there oh yeah
dr. Harriet we must not be steamed
friends cuz I I tried to add you to our
group and I wasn't able to find you in
my cell who died Harry Lime huh Harry
Lime yeah
we must not be steamed for his Harry
live experience to know for this game to
pull off the chase and kill is that is
that thing I'm not I'm not listening to
Mel's I don't know The Beggar's choosing
there I don't know I don't know that I
could make that call beggars and
choosers Baghead
oh we're right next to each other I see
you already alright alright good you
lead the way how follow all right Holi
should someone left the game because
they wanted to be Jason and they weren't
Jason so they pouted and it made the
game worse for everyone else what an
asshole here you take the bat actually
okay you take that bad don't think I got
a bad
pocketknives other weapons work towards
fixing the phone you know or the car or
whatever we have guzzoline over here
alright you know what
I'll pick up the guzzoline all right
let's work I'm fixing that boat okay and
then you know what we got on the boat
and it's a nice Pleasant match sure
there's a walkie-talkie over here a lot
of drawers a lot of drawers in this
house I know this house actually nothing
in here walkie talkie over in that empty
or over in this drawer over here right
which one I want to point again
let's head towards the boats get the
cast in the boat all right so he's got
the propeller oh well shit we'll have to
kill them I mean if that's what it takes
what do you want to do here rich they're
walking away
let's just go fuck it blackjack
what like I feel really bad about this
but not bad enough to not leave you've
got to take this opportunity that's
right that nice man put the propeller on
the boat rich I know I know
sorry dude unless we both get killed
because Jason sees us moving on the mat
early he doesn't have stock yet I don't
hear the music for free oh I feel so bad
about welp see what all these other
players are up to so he call Tommy oh
well someone was near the Townies house
but I don't know if they called you I
think we were on the generator nope
someone called Tommy rich oh because I'm
Tommy again alright that's my second
timing tonight
Oh egghead what do you give you you go
for the kill jack you be the hero that
they deserve more than they need or
whatever that Batman shit is sweaters on
the island
yeah get the mask off and then
communicate yeah we gotta get to that I
won the lady player alright alright I'm
out I'm on my way rich we're gonna make
this happen I'm gonna be the hero
I made of heroes should should there be
something like you know only female
counsellors can put on the sweatshirt
right jemelle counselors be able to
dress up like brown boy Jason put on
like swim trunks take the shirt off
shave their head I like it where is she
hey guys he's been way too premature
let's go fuck up Jason of course I'm
premature I'm kind of rally them around
a game plan rich oh yeah make my camera
bigger rich Oh whim
trying to figure out what calculate she
said I think she's that the north east
one yeah yeah she's by the way where we
left with the bowtie no no she's on
she's by the bridge she's on the the
West she's by the end of car if she'd
been a car okay but Jason left her we
could totally shade I could huh I could
totally like wait wait for the music
well no you know what I'm gonna go talk
to her see if she's she if she wants to
gets a sweater
hey you want to go get the sweater try
for a Jason kill no okay
what I was so far away from him that's
kind of bullshit did you see how far
away it was you're behind him bullshit
that was ping that was ping right there
all because and all because this lady
wouldn't help me now let's find another
match unless you want to wait for more
people to be murdered yeah you know what
yeah yeah man
try again shit we crashed alright if we
can I need tweet responses from people
who have some experience in this game if
you know what you're doing in this game
and you want to join up let us know at
me at us
we're having issues
I think it's because the brightness
settings this display missing the
taskbar what's fucked over black looks
nice to me they're not right the colors
aren't right is the is the the thing
okay
so as the doing of the HDMI no I
wouldn't it might be it might be I've
seen fucked up colors from an HDMI cable
not being in quite right I've seen this
it can happen
I don't know if that's it
HDMI is just a digital connection it's
just an honor it's a working or it's not
working situation all right
add me can I come in there I am
wait necro what is that name necro
something necro nits and Papa let's just
go to ends I don't understand steamed
friends it's not something you normally
you say he's not in your friend list
yeah the frenzy and your friends list I
don't know and you you've been invited
I'm sorry I'm sorry we tried
I know
did you accept the invite did you cancel
the invite yeah it says invite sent
returned a game wait
sure invite
no we did that was barely a technical
difficulty come on that doesn't count
so we take a chance in captain molar
here do it do it
if I would just be confused
fuck it fuck it fuck it fuck it
how will they push-to-talk if they're
both playing well mine isn't
push-to-talk and and I'm just having my
mic muted here I have this little mute
switch so my my talk is on but you know
I'm talking through this microphone rich
has pushed to talk and we can
technically both speak through Rich's
button Jack only has 40 hours in this
game he is the weakest link holding you
back rich that's true I know what I'm
doing I might not be good at it all the
time but I know what I'm doing look at
these pings terrible Wow I don't speak
that shit dude well he doesn't when you
want to say you don't like that shit it
has a negative connotation to anything
like yeah like you could just you know
not say anything that would probably be
the right
Oh dr. Harry can you invite dr. Harry to
our party mmm looking nope I don't think
you can you'd have to add him as a
friend probably 1414 Jeff I think I just
got a friend I think I just got a friend
invite from that Nick Oh Nick
well I saw that I got a friend invite
from the Nicarico yeah so you know I
could have and you know we're gonna we
can go from there all right everyone
pull you're gonna pull your fucking
weight oh no oh man I think we're doing
so good on our own jack Oh captain
bowler says I was in game and fight me
again oh my gosh so wait it's too late
we'll get you it will get to next time
captain molar then we got a nice group
of three now we can really kick Jason's
ass but what
holy crap britches level 67 that's right
he is rich really enjoys his game I have
I am shockingly for multiplayer game
based on a horror franchise but I wasn't
that big a fan of right I've got a
shocking number of hours out of this
yeah he knows all the strengths he's got
all the man game let's beat this game
lets me flex my tactics did anyone else
get away
alright I'm by the main house no car
here though
fix it if you can I'll buy the boat main
houses buy the boat okay I got a
baseball bat firecrackers fucking fuse
box killed on the phone I know it got a
walkie-talkie destiny to get killed
fixing the phone
like your hair trying to tell something
he's thinking this sweatshirts on the
island look at the map if there's no
campsite on the island it's on the
island okay if there's a campsite on the
island but it's under the somewhere
south of the cemetery okay I got a
baseball bat that's my that's my
contribution to this mission so far
you got a pocketknife that's good you
know trying to fix the phone if I can
find it probably in this campsite right
I think it's usually America 95% of the
time it's in the same group of houses
where you find the fuse Jason hasn't
been around yet I don't know he hasn't
been around me I don't know what to make
of that it scares me I could sure use a
map at this point I'll be I'll be real
with you I'm just gonna head in a
general direction of I don't even know
where I'm going I don't even know where
I'm going rich
don't make sure the phone doesn't seem
like it spawned under hi interesting
barn mixer it's Baghead Jason easy just
like laying traps every fucking where
yeah I got nothing over here in the and
the barn you can do it you can do it
it's the last one it's fine it's fine
is this the police near the cars the
bridge across the bridge near the car I
don't have a map it's like I can't tell
if if there's a campsite on the island
shit he's miracies notice is neither car
killing Jason it's not that simple for
the person saying they thought there
would be more killing Jason that's kind
of the whole point of killing Jason is
it's really really difficult Jason
killed me in two acts wings 2x which
Jason is he number normal Jason yeah 3 3
classic Jason so much time you look old
is there a Tommy on scene you tell me
you're the one in game hopefully your
tummy number still in business 3 Tommy's
in a row
good we're still in business we I don't
think we have a girl Harry Lime no Harry
Lime thundergirl al oh wait CB joke is
completely random all right
all right nope we've already been in
these dog
Belair gas tank for the motörboat I
didn't look for gas okay
sweater is on the island were you at
I've just spawned near your evergreen
you can that's that North East East I'm
gonna meet up with it okay I'm in the
fight with a boat usually a selfie okay
I see I'm heading your direction is that
you yeah yep okay all right so what's
the plan we got to find it we got to
find that female if we're gonna if we're
gonna defeat Jason we got to find that
female counselor who's that up here huh
who's up here I don't know what's gonna
save us that was our opening to
adventure let's go and find out okay all
right good question let's see here this
girl this is girl nope no if it's not
girl
Chad do we care about Chad do want him
to join our adventure
girl alright next off we go into the
wild blue yonder off we go into the sea
oh shit mama here I drop a bad son of a
bitch
opieop he's following us now he is now
following us where's that 2x4 that
usually spawns in here to the Higgins
houses okay
who's in here
good girl is it it is it is the girl you
know I talked to her now Jason's right
there
shit dude comes here comes here comes
what up bastard turned his music off hey
I'm in this little room back here and I
see him where I am
he's coming up to the door now I'm gonna
shoot in the face and I run away it's my
plan
oh crap
something I could save that kid but I
didn't I couldn't we need to start doing
damage on okay or we just need to leave
with the cops and call him well I just
hit him in the face from the fucking
shotgun get a weapon
let's go north okay hold them off for
two seconds
alright alright I'm here I don't think
we're gonna be able to convince her to
stay and get the sweater okay I think we
just need to work on getting out other
than surviving I have a frying pan
so you know yes I think it's a good for
stunning oh yeah yeah
all right we're going on just getting
out
we can do this
let's see if he's waiting right by the
exit
probably not weird
Ozzy that's weird right yeah why you
want to ask the girl whoa what am i
wearing I'm wearing a I had a headphone
microphone
maybe dr. Harry Lime should be our
designated female okay well hold on I'm
gonna I'm gonna and then we should just
be the the bruisers females probably the
easiest one to do if you don't have
experience right you just have to hit
live with the sweater well but like
getting in and out with the sweater is a
whole other thing as a group I think the
first step is to get the mask off yeah
and gather a tommy okay okay here's
here's the thing with the mask okay
here's here's why getting in and out of
the hut isn't necessarily that big a
deal
okay you have the mask you can get in
and out of the hut quietly of the shack
with the mask off no with what you once
you get the mask off of Jaison it lands
on the ground it's an item you can pick
up Oh female has the ID can pick up the
mask they can walk into Jason Shack
Jason doesn't get an alert for that it
lets you sneak into the shack
okay I think I had to leave my party you
need to leave too I am it forced me to
leave my party
if jason has a trap set outside of his
Shack he still gets an alert if you step
in the trap
yes but just be careful about there
being a trap if you see a trap
you can disarm the trap or once you have
us mask off and you have a Tommy Jarvis
with you everybody just goes to the
fucking shack together as a group and
you just use fucking blunt force
somebody else walks into the trap while
the female runs in and then you're all
right there to do the business by the
shop or if you're quick and daring you a
female knows so I'm playing is like a
Tiffany who's like quick got a lot of
stamina knows where the Shack is just
goes there first gets it and it's lucky
enough to catch him when he's
preoccupied then just has this motor did
you accept the friend invites
all right we've escaped a couple of
times that's not bad
no no it's not bad that that let us warm
up okay we got alright we need we got
captain molar we got dr. Harry Lime
alright so they're on a party right now
who's yeah who do we trust to do what
what's what's captain molars level on
this down
I think captain molar might be our most
you see him down there right yeah what I
am but you can see it right you can see
right is in his name I had joined I
swear to God I could join get your shit
together rich join our party
like there we go now we're ready to go
and okay so we need designated roles
okay so I so camping you on Campton
molar to be the lady I it is matter I
don't really care
somebody who's comfortable doing them we
should have two ladies yes to lady to
backup and to bruisers okay so uh
captain molar and me will be the ladies
okay you and dr. Harry Lime will be the
bruisers okay Harry Lime get you a
badass bruiser character the strongest
character you can captain molar
lady fire it up man
oh and we have nickers nickers love love
levels escape artist friendship perks
I don't know I've been selling those cuz
I usually don't expect to be working in
a group sure
necro nikkor tepid lopoliths you gotta
be you gotta be bruiser as well we need
we got 3 bruisers to ladies do you see
who they were ass huh where do you see
who their ass what do you mean no I just
joined the party so oh oh we got we had
5 we have 5 of us in a party all right
and make sure that you are all set to be
counselors cuz if one of you turns out
to be Jason we don't want to cheat we
don't want to cheat Jason kill we want a
legitimate Jason kill set your
preference to counselor
hello the odds are one of us is gonna
spawn is Jason and I say we just go on
as planned okay the person is Jason then
is just we're fighting them alright
alright does everyone have their plan
everyone half of the plan someone have
their perks yes yeah we're here a little
bit quiet
okay now necro you got to be a bruiser
we need a fighter you look at you here
you look at your counselors and then
take a look at their stats like you go
into the counselor menu and they all
have stats here stealth stamina strength
strength is good for getting the mask
off they might not be able to hear you
because you have push-to-talk on when
you say this look into a stream I assume
oh sure
you're right alright I'll switch to
buzzy again nope this is the highest
strength
Bugsy Bugsy not buzzy Bugsy
alright alright here we go alright we
got this guy's we can do this I believe
in all of us oh and we've lost someone
already know don't worry about don't
worry about
nekron atop a list left the party
already they didn't believe in us that
we still have four of us I think we
still got this
a friend it's just gonna now take us
like because we have a party for it's
gonna take us a long time to get like a
server there are an extremely large
number of girls who play this game it is
not at all uncommon I hear a girl over
the radio in game oh yeah I wouldn't say
an extreme like like the actual in real
life not not playing as I mean some of
the chats saying oh my god that was a
girl I think is so ridiculously common I
was gonna say like it's not like there's
you know
yeah there's boys and girls that play
are you joining a match checking
sessions for room oh my god a minute 32
selcas was practice for there's more bus
yeah they got a they got to find out
server for four of us don't have to
reinvigorate grandma no I can't I'm Jo
we're joining a server nekron Eklund as
soon as you know I don't want to start
over because we're already two minutes
into right right the searching process
yep what's how hey everybody time
another stream where we got a tips dude
what do we got Guinea got one says hey
Jack and rich I long time our lemon
prereqs fan love the Friday the 13th
streams yeah isn't it to just oh I think
you read this one just started watch the
movies thanks to you guys oh sure part 3
was hilarious what is your favorite
Friday the 13th movie I remember that
question of all of them for different
reasons I got the Orcs Must I won Negus
oh we're we're nearly caught up you know
people know that we're engrossed in the
game so it's hard for us to read
Thomas's Jack yes Jack have you ever
listened with a rapper
x-x-x tenta temptation temptation I
don't know if you haven't don't bother
he's so bad every time I listen to him
is like a tums
festival there you go
I have not heard of the rapper xxx
temptation or whatever you know what
I've been listening to a lot and if you
guys haven't heard it yet is the chance
the rapper coloring book
mixtape you know I've heard songs like
the songs are played everywhere but I've
never actually just sat down and
listened to the mixtape and it is so
amazing the the the sonic quality it's
it's like it's hip-hop unlike anything
I've heard before and it's beautiful
it's pretty it's pretty hiphop chance
the rapper and you know it's it's a
mixtape that you can listen to for free
it's it's just about everywhere else on
cloud and YouTube and it's hard for us
to hear you say that again
say that again dr. Harry Lime yeah once
we are once we all you know find out
where we are we'll we'll start kind of
heading do we want to like pick a
meeting direction um there's a map
around it's hard to you know right
Higgins house is like the big like the
garage and Higgins house those are big
landmarks though the Crystal Lake map
doesn't have that we can hit somewhere
towards the center of the map or we
could have if we find walkie-talkies we
could just communication say yeah so
private or you know find walkie-talkie
had generally towards the center of the
map but but really ours you know we're
lone scavenging time the big lodges the
Higgins house is the big house sure and
packing AK has the big house there the
big lodge okay so we made it to lodge a
lot of ladies and Jack do you have room
and your friends list other people were
asking if they could join they just do
din um I don't know we'll see
okay well we'll find out shortly we'll
find out later it's possible we could
just do it on entirely private private
with everyone yeah
who wants to join
turbo Jesus 5000 wants to help ya never
where were you guys 15 minutes ago when
we said we were looking for people so
just put that out there
go back to rich being Jason lol
what that's in the stream gotcha gotcha
coulda told me I wasn't I wasn't ready
to uh oh my god I was waiting for babe
Oh
jerk you were that jerk I was the jerk
yeah
okay here we go we're ready oh it looks
decent pings under under a hundred pings
that's something I'm gonna count that as
a win except for dr. Harry who sounded
either British or Irish or he sounded
like he was from across the pond as they
say Australian Australian pain that's
what it is Australian home your Mike
sounds great Harlock hold on talk I'm
talking oh my god does it really sound
great are you messing with me dude no it
sounds fucking amazing what have we it's
a like a $10 target headphone microphone
it
I think he might be messing it that's
what I feel like he's messing with me
he's saying that your your robe one
headset might not have the best mic
that's what I'm saying that it might not
have the best mic and by the way like
it's so weird for someone just to say
like your microphone sounds so good
don't you think like that's a weird
coming yeah it's probably a like oh I
have a yes man we can hear me in yours
and it didn't sound terrible I don't
know I'm not super worried about it
right now
no I'm not I'm also not worried about it
turn off my targeting computer I get in
don't have your targeting computer it
was the fuzz you know your feelings your
feelings feelings
using them a baseball bat better
Luke I'm on drugs you know drugged up
Luke
always blocking them doors dude have you
seen my drugs Lu all right here we go
he had no way from that house what did
dr. Harry Lime just run away that's fine
that's fine
I'm in danger where you at I hear you
captain Muller I'm by the four-seater
north to attempt to meet up with you
family I'm being I'm being followed you
have a Jason fine are you with any of
our bruisers or groupers no I'm with no
one
I did find a pocketknife I said we're
gonna actually we said we're gonna meet
at the lodge right I'm gonna change
plans I'm gonna head of the lodge okay
I'm not gonna be I'm not gonna be a jerk
who makes plan and then does something
different in fact I want to know why
you're over by the four-seater that's
why I started and I'm looking for I'm
scrounging for supplies as I said we
should all do he seems to be on me okay
but I have a pocketknife and a med spray
now so I'm comfortable with my supplies
I found a battery but I don't give a
shit yeah I found the gas
should the Juke look fantastic I just
hit him with my bat well he was being a
funny Jason I hit him with my fucking
bat if I can't die on the way there
if I do it's Tommy time maybe maybe
let's say oh that's the other thing like
we need to find the time it's our oh no
someone radiates claim oh sorry I can't
get there in time I couldn't get there
in time I'm sorry you can always be
Tommy
oh well shit I passed I passed the place
with the map now he's coming for me he's
definitely coming for me alright captain
Muller is definitely not playing us
bruiser our Harry Lime is Bugsy that's
good
he's chasing me now oh oh yeah shit he's
definitely chasing me now get in get in
get in
what
okay okay okay how fans getting a games
we've we've invited a few yeah and
they're also like you can look on Steam
see if somebody's playing and I just
joined their game I honestly don't know
Harry Lime found us in the first place I
would assume I don't know rich oh
speaking of where we add indeed breena's
god says thank you for doing something
new
I love the Friday the 13th streams kill
Jason it's not going so well but we're
fine crime
captain swc says hey fellas just wanted
to say thanks for introducing a whole
number of games to be currently just
picked up XCOM 2 on sale and I'm loving
the hell out of it good I'm glad you
enjoy the X comes as I most certainly do
all right can this yes
all right I need a position what I mean
I need a position that I can go to
whereby that whereby the main house oh
I'm rebate oh shit oh no that's all
right I'm sorry
pick up the bat pick up the bat look at
that shit oh that bat the bat was on the
rock so I couldn't pick it up yeah yeah
that bat does not pick up a ball yeah
bad shit why can't I pick up why can't I
pick up the machete son of a bitch you
could pick up that machete yes I
couldn't I could not pick up and I can't
pick up the thing oh I can't pick up
anything here Pig try to pick up the
machete there it's on the floor that's
not gonna be very good for stunning
though look I can't pick up anything
right now
I currently cannot pick up anything the
game is glitched everything is broken
yeah
I can't pick up anything
just follow me jack follow me oh sorry
hold on
well I don't know where you are oh I
can't pick up a map where'd you go
where'd you go
I'm though house not far from the I see
where you went
I I'm unable to pick up anything so I
assumed I'm unable to pick up the
sweater that's you know that's a fair
how did that miss that's kind of shit
oh also the you know the other button
that didn't work the button that was
supposed to drop my firecrackers didn't
work
horseshit Oh wild swing is that why
you're trying to stop you possibly they
recognize me no Jason killed them so oh
no that was Captain Moore and Red's just
working on the car
Red's just working on the car rich who's
red a female yeah I'm not doctor hurry
lime salon
no okay so we're all dead yep yep we're
all dead I would personally like to
blame this on the fact that that I was
unable to pick up anything or do
anything of substance I think that was
the main problem my main problem
oh the other lady got the battery in the
car we having a four-seater by the way
where are they now
walking on well I think she's about to
find the other her own gas can now
there's a gas can in there there's gas
can in there there it is there it is you
see it Oh as she found her own gas can
you can drop that
I'll take that
she's putting gas in the car yeah I know
jack was unable to do anything obstinacy
s yes I was because I was my controller
was broken I know I'm Oh
I'm typically not a blame you know sucka
poor craftsman blames his tools kind of
guy but he was broken it was clearly
broken
she's just looking for those keys I've
got them oh I know I know I can see both
y'all I can see both y'all I know it's
okay breena's got if it's just snark
it's it was just upsetting cuz and you
know rich and I touch on this a lot I'm
in the middle of editing our official
review of this my touch on it a lot and
it's just it's really a shame because we
do like the game so much but it has so
many bugs
just so many bugs do we have a park perk
to start with a baseball bat available I
don't think I have that I do have that
last I checked it was broken though
gonna leave a finer every game yeah
there's just one left might as well see
it through see if Jason can find her
they don't know I died that the keys by
the car yeah you could have told them
you'd the walkie-talkie I mean you know
that's on you I don't have press to talk
Oh being chased
yeah I can't find press to talk to
anything else yeah weird yeah weird
weird that would've been great like I
don't I don't use like like press down
I'm like left right stick my stuff or
anything I could have boned the bad I
hit that down that I could talk oh
you're gonna say run rich never that I'm
the right stick
what you doing on web stay on the left
stick used to run on the right stick is
combat oh yeah that's right Tom ever
mine ever mine
do you ever use combat stance why did
you use the whole d-pad no you only is
down I could have on something to talk
yeah but nope but nope
nice dive nice dive
listen I'm not disagreeing with you rich
it's all a big load of horse shit mad
trap strats this late in the game
crazy woman oh you crazy woman
one that's real useful
maybe you get a snagged himself she's
got all the shit so for the keys where
did you die is she coming up on it nope
look my bottom my body of hers flu
didn't really yeah interesting so funny
love the two screens God good yeah yeah
we wanted we got two computers running
so we might as well shelled both of them
hopefully it's not too you know we spent
a lot of time configuring alright we're
going again we're doing it again what
else we gonna do jack huh what else are
we gonna do give up and cry ah so we ate
just get just cried ain't is not having
fun no it's gonna be fine it's gonna be
fine
turbo Jesus five thousand is spectating
I don't know what that means what you're
just doing all chat game yeah yeah
yep
turbo Jesus is in here
nice nice down to we're do with them
we're at we're rockin rich sir what
Jesus I couldn't find you
shit turbo Jesus look at that ping you
playing this from the goddamn moon are
you an astronaut we have lots of fans in
Europe that's true in Australia yeah
apparently Harry Lime is in Australia
Austria lotsa nobody in China though
because of one comment I made once it's
true
all right here we go here we go here we
go here we go here we go now okay I I
can i I just barricaded the door so I
assume I can pick stuff up this time I
can baseball bat nice alright have a
fucking map you found what did you find
it all the shit vladie fucking guy I
found all the good shit already
that's the medio of this shit
hoo pocketknife that's the shit that's
the shit that's a good cheer right there
oh yeah baseball bat nice sweater is
West sweater is West I'm I'm way up on
the North Hey
but I have a friend you have a friend
I'm good all right I don't know if fans
are still watching the stream where we
still meeting up at the lodge oh shit
there's there's the phone you know I
think in general the idea is to you know
scrounge the best you can and and yeah
meet at the lodge maybe where are you at
I'm still north I'm making my way down
you buy the car yeah I'm sorry you okay
well I found a walkie-talkie that I had
I'm already breathing scared I don't
know I think isn't your guy easily
scared that was half decent not terrible
all right captain Moe Larry's here
okay you guys captain Muller I come
bearing a bat
that or not bad let's look at the back
she's guys got decent strength and I
summers on the trail you still buy the
car yeah I'm making my way I'm making my
way downtown I'll just buy the car I was
gonna meet him there to the north the
car in the cul-de-sac how do I got with
me here hi nice pantsuit cool hey
everybody what's the plan um work on the
car he'll come by eventually we start
whittling down his health all right
let's go kick Jason's ass
I don't have a mat Oh someone someone's
ready to time together so that's good
these houses areas he's near
all right Jason bring your ass over here
why would you fucking die
and now defenseless yeah we're trying to
hurt him enough to get his mask off then
you can kill him did you say that when
he's an earshot what do you mean what
there's that mesh I'd love to have that
wrench
he's like thrown he's busy throwing
knives at us
can't help until I get a weapon there we
go
all of us just beat him up it's the
great new a new weapon
I broke my bad on them I saw some help
would be nice then weapon weapon weapon
weapon weapon wrench
oh you guys mask off we got his mask oh
I got it
we need Tommy before we need Tommy
rotten okay what's the plan rich I need
tonight huh
I need to die okay he's not stupid he is
heading towards the hut but I think we
all are huh okay where's the hut where's
the hut that Peninsula on the far west
far west okay I got a map now you have
the mask huh yeah the mask no someone
died did they come back stomach
no no one's come back this time you keep
chart until I died yeah do that you tell
me I'm gonna tell spring who has the
mass oh my I'm far away whoever has the
memo captain Muller did I think fish
doing the smart thing wait do we have a
Tommy they die once they have the they
grab the sweater and die before Tommy
shows up yeah it's a lost cause
okay
captain molars heading there you're
dying oh I have an axe you need that
yeah let's do it did we call Tommy yeah
yeah Radio yeah that is Dez read it out
radio for Tommy is use the radio call
time jars yes he's not on site yet it's
the first or second I don't know that
it's necessarily the second person dies
automatically becomes Tommy it can be
the first we're starting to lose people
nobody spottings Tommy why is nobody
spawning as Tommy I don't know
where are you Tommy the Tommy we need
you Tommy's not on scene this is how you
do it though
this is the proper strats okay team team
I see you so they are slowly making
their way over yeah don't go with them
no no I'm you'll make noise yeah I'm
just I'm over here open Jason sees me
over here are you sure we called Tommy
look radio for Tommy Jarvis it is very
strange that you no one has responded as
Tommy yet yes why is nobody spawning as
Tommy
there's no reason you shouldn't spoil
yet
oh my god they're going for it we need
that time I'm gonna go double back and
look for the radio tower just to make
sure obviously if we can double I can
double back to wherever we came from
try to make some noise
and to me
okay we're hoes that that maybe the
glitches that nobody called yeah that's
why I'm doubling back shit it should be
really easy to stun at this point yeah
the more damage you do after his mask is
off I have heard the longer his stun
duration is
where the fuck is this Tommy house we're
getting screwed huh we're gonna we're
gonna get screwed aren't we
rich read shed weight chad is pretty
sure that what the power out Tommy can't
spawn find the radio house and get power
around by the radio that's your mission
shit radio that out know what nobody
else can hear radio that out okay all
right guys we need to find the radio
house and make sure that the power is on
to it or else Tommy might not be able to
spawn does anyone know where the radio
house is
damnit they have the sweater
see I mean I'm just gonna keep looking
and hope I get lucky here cuz yeah so
everybody just try to find that radio
house and fix any power that's buying
this box is on
well we know you're safe for a bit all
right where I was it's probably in that
south end then
do we rich check everyone see let's see
if we have the sweater we do we do we do
central bitch can we do this in time we
only have five and a half minutes nope
I found it I found the radio tower make
it find power huh I said one thing no
time no time okay
regenerate regenerate I can't have the
power
the lights on
no lights are not on okay all right so
one of these houses has a power
generator on it all right all right we
can do this we can do this we can do
this you can't do this
try north yeah yeah I'm just at this
point I'm just kind of regenerating
standing on a nope
I'll run over there okay all right we
can do this guys we can do this
okay where the fuck is Tommy
I'm working on getting power to the
radio tower the theory is that if the
power is out Tommy can't respawn even if
you called him and I'm here at the box
and I'm about to fix it even though I
have a really bad repair stat so I'm
gonna regen a little
bastard okay it's repaired all right the
power is repaired we might get a tommy
soon it's it's not that no one called
Tommy it was a glitch it was Rex town it
was checked off but no one called Tommy
I'm calling Tommy now captain molar you
just stay alive that's your only job oh
my god this is so fucking tense time
he's called
Tommy is called
captain molar I'm coming to you
it's turbo Jesus turbo Jesus they're
spawning in there watching the cutscene
two minutes two minutes remain
okay we got this come on turbo Jesus
you've got a mic on and just leave it on
I got it on maybe you can hear me
they're two minutes you're gonna need to
sprint I'm sprinting talking to talking
to turbo Jesus shit Rosie
turbo Jesus find me he's still here
fine fine find a person with a
sweatshirt not you we're turbo Jesus
work together come to the two dots that
are together
drop your X pick up the X okay I have
the X to use the X you take the X Tommy
take the X yeah okay captain molar come
back someone rich what do we have to do
captain will arrest some of the sweater
then somebody has to knock Jason unto
his knees with one of the axes that's
all you got there's no time for anything
else
you know what the axe you know what the
axe once hit him with the axe no no no
it would be X okay now do the props
smart-me quarters knees he should go on
to his knees ah it might have messed up
oh so close everyone so close all right
so why didn't chase him get knocked onto
his knees you think it has to be the
machete maybe it has to be a baseball
bat fuck yeah listen we came really
close that time
okay now settle down No
oh here it is Oh on
it's a turtle beach turtle beach
microphone a turtle beach what
microphone it's the turbo beach
Star Wars x-wing pilot a combination
headset microphone I got it for about
ten dollars at Target it's pretty good I
am pretty sure you're effing with me at
this point
knock down with blunt-force see I
thought the axe counted as a blunt
weapon it was a guy I thought the axe
was special it was blunt and edged I
don't know okay so there's so there
they're saying there was no time to run
a find a blunt weapon that was like the
best you so they're saying you have to
knock Jason on his knees with a blunt
weapon then hit him with an axe or
machete and that was only like a
preferred blunt for the first knockdown
because it needed to be a stuntman yeah
a baseball better rent I mean they
didn't have like they had ten seconds
sorry right but like the important part
is to get him on his yes and then after
he's on his knees hit him with an axe or
machete knocked off player controlling
time he must pick the mask up
no Tommy doesn't need to pick up Jason
I've heard that's been debunked there's
a lot of different go around there's a
lot of different shit comin the mast let
them get to the shack without being
detected
right so the important part is we got to
get him on his knees first which we can
only do after he's stunned with the
sweater so so sweater knees axe machete
