Final Fantasy Sevens-es with the Evans’ (Part 2)
November 12, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_VeYbJtVjSo

iceworm I going know what am i doing
Final Fantasy 7 expert eridan the text
went by talking are you mad at me are
you are you know what do you think was
gonna happen tonight
happy Evans family fun time we're not
having that in a roundabout way sure we
are we are that's what you so bad did
you did you expect me to play and get
into this no especially when you're
stuck in a bar 20 minutes in can't get
out no it's still a fun time we're still
we're still having a great time so did
you guys see Blade Runner Blade Runner
movie cuz it's pretty good
no I said yes and it's really good and
rich needs to see it that's the right
answer
there's people lying down they're dead
they're dead I confessed I only just saw
the first Blade Runner for the first
would you stay awake for the whole thing
I haven't seen any of what I know
Hey enjoyed it thought it was important
for what it did for the genre and film
these are all correct answers I didn't
think it was the Beall no no no no no no
Sean run not for film did you enjoy the
movie on its own merits you might say
yes I'm not saying you won't but that's
the best question I enjoyed it I don't
know that I would run out and buy a copy
- you have on hand okay I have not
have you I have it's been a while and
which would you recommend more the film
or the book have you seen the phone does
the book have this Linda you what did
you watch the mom know who's called you
Androids Dream of Electric Sheep that's
what I've okay
except what it's a very is it is it a
full Booker's it's like a short story
okay okay to be honest
sure I just had that speaking of books
having a hard time remembering books I
have a while ago I read Dirk gently's
holistic detective agency oh yes
immediately forgot everything about it I
could not retain any information and I
was playing a videogame that I found to
be pretty boring at the time and so I
said you know what would be great I
listened to the audiobook because the
audio book is actually narrated by
Douglas Adams the author oh really
so it's this wonderful Briton you know
charming British man talking about a
British comedy I'm reading his own
British comedy and it was great didn't
retain a single thing of it because I
was splitting my attention you're
playing a video game well you know what
I'll listen to it again I'm still
playing sport Bennigan's listen to it
twice didn't retain a thing they owe the
value you're getting out of that
audiobook you can listen to it over and
over I was like it's like Hitchhiker's
where it's a story but really it's just
like a stream of consciousness here's a
weird idea here's a weird idea here's a
neat eye here's can you concept no no
this is this of light story stringing it
together no Dirk Gently is a full story
that setups payoffs character arcs all
that guy stuff and you know and it is a
detective story so last Friday I had to
drive to Chicago in bed and I
said to myself gosh dang it I'm going to
pay attention to this story if it kills
me and I think it financed that and I
died also I'm dead now and I'm a ghost
boo but uh but are you an alien ghost
trapped in your corpse also Doctor Who
is here and he's about to exorcise me
I'm sorry I have to leave now
I can't listen I've tried to whistle the
doctor I was working on it but anyway I
I really enjoyed it
now that I think I remember most of the
plot details of Dirk Gently fourth
time's the charm
the fourth time's the charm excellent
the electric monk and his and his horse
full of personality and ideas yes
great well that bewilder doors it was
one of that like that was the thing
because I'm watching the TV show the
Dirk Gently TV show which I'm more or
less enjoying and I was trying to
remember how faithful it was to the book
and then I found myself not being able
to remember specifics about the books
even though I've listened to you twice
and read it once it's not very faithful
to the book
right instead it's a fine show the book
is much better as is usually the case
it's a fine show in the chat they're
saying that the book was actually based
off of an unmade doctor whom script
which I could completely see I think
I've been getting that confused with a
third hitchhikers book because I believe
that was the case with the third
hitchhikers book it could be the case
with a lot of his books yeah yeah just
life the universe and everything I will
say this Dirk leave the first Dirk
Gently book does involve a fair bit of
time drive Smith maybe he just brought a
couple Doctor Who scripts that they
projected them both rejected ah yes
script I got all this backwards I'm just
gonna label some of them together it's a
book now that's why they're so that's
why hitchhikers is so is so ass parson
that all over the place it's just
different scripts stapled together what
are you fighting he did just turn green
did it why'd she turn green I want to
see them make a movie of the restaurant
in the universe I just remember the
talking cat
okay especially we have seen I think
that's probably right great great great
right yeah he's just encouraging them oh
I'll just nip off and shoot myself he
serves would you like to partake a part
of my body my flank is especially tender
it's not quite so funny but I just read
a book
what listen to an audiobook does that
count yeah you say you read a book and
listen to the audiobook no you said you
spending on the context of the
conversation no we are legion Bob what
is this what is we reduced price I
haven't actually got the chance to
listen all of it yet but he like binge
listens to stuff so he listened to the
whole thing last night and it's it's
this guy and he dies but he has been
cryogenically frozen and so they they
put him convert yeah so they're building
the space probe the space probe and the
idea is you can explore the whole galaxy
if you send a probe out probe goes to
the nearest star doesn't have to go fast
in the light it's a probe yeah the probe
builds copies of itself and sends those
to other stars and then they go to those
stars and they make copies of themselves
and in a relatively short span of time
you have explored the whole galaxy
sure the problem is jack is that you
need you know listening independent AI
it needs to be a fairly sophisticated AI
surely they couldn't make an AI that's
sophisticated but they could take
somebody's brain and upload it to a
computer so they take this dead engineer
Bob who had his head cryogenically
frozen and they turn it into an AI that
is this space probe that goes out to
explore the galaxy we are legion and he
makes copies of himself this sounds of
the copies are not exact copies and so
they tend to different
you said to play of different elements
of his personality they have an
existential crisis about this by the way
our a my Bob who is Bob and I Bob this
sounds great
it's gonna make a note of it the first
half is fantastic then it kind of trills
off you haven't finished it yet that's
uh that's always nice you find a good
book in there now in the series yeah
hold on I'm adding that's my read list
really yeah really nice also rich I
don't know if you noticed but we were
looking at you you said you wanted to
use you've only read the first two you
wanted to read the third book okay okay
get to that - what's the guy in the
wrote we are legion we were bummed
you should look it up real quick but you
get her properly I'm on it
all right have no idea what
Robert Cruz is the one who wrote the
Pirates
starship grifters bye bye Dennis
e-tailer we are legion we are Bob Dennis
II tails depends he sounds so much like
Seth MacFarlane it's distracting it's
not a Seth MacFarlane but he sounds
enough like I'm like it's this audio
book by it Seth MacFarlane is this some
sort of Seth MacFarlane Frank I could
picture I check multiple times
Berlin maybe he uses another name for
his audio book go inside me that could
be could be no pseudonym he would sell
more like Will Ferrell has tried to do
several things like that know where like
Delta got a got in contact with him to
do there in flights movies ok we'll pay
a bunch of money we'll to be in our
in-flight movies you know you'd be the
host of it of make it entertaining you
can write it you can have all sorts of
creative freedom he goes I'll be in them
but I don't want to be the star and I
don't want to have any lines I just want
to be a random passenger that you you
pan past and people go is have a feral
but you know like that they won't be
able to rewind the in-flight movie so
everyone will just buy movie cuz I think
Will Ferrell's
they ended up setting know what's up
maybe Seth MacFarlane just on the on the
on the Loki does audiobooks under a
pseudonym just to see if anyone figures
it out
I'll son he'll throw in like a Stewie
voice I knew it I don't know if it was
really Delta it was some airline
it was some airline Chad isn't asking if
any of you have seen space cop who seen
rich Evans and his famous movie space
cop Aaron and I watched it together
yes family viewing how bad that was very
polite I won't say what direction or to
whence we were moving but wait it's a
it's a very specific audience that
enjoys space cop it's tailored for a
niche market it was not exactly rated
New Year PG that's also true you know
luckily they cut out the full frontal
nudity but still not necessarily
family-friendly I mean I I think I
prefer to oranges you know I've never
seen orange oranges horrible pacing
issues it's God's got problems so maybe
we should do an updated one those yeah
all CGI fruit perishable yeah we had to
build all of that I know that's what
makes an epic damn-near were labeled we
were able to rent a few doll houses that
you wait you're able to rent a doll we
went to a dollhouse store and like we
need some permanently I want to spend
you know $500 miss dollhouse we're able
to find a nice doll house tour orders I
guess you go
be careful with that stuff oh yeah sure
how lovely of them dad you borrow their
nice doll houses for your oranges yeah
pretty sure we did I think we did
while I'm here 100% sure I'm pretty sure
we did
oh that's nice the only thing I got down
go down yeah where maybe go through that
vent I know from the oranges movie is
the let us pray that's not from Audrey
right at least a few shorts we did oh
really
yeah I'm sure it was hilarious the head
of lettuce says the priest let us pray
why is everyone laughing oh it's great
see what Jesus was corn we had corn on
the cross it's a good core record just
repainted it gold
yeah put it on a cross those also spray
printed gold so then said corn corn on
the cross thanks that's great
Oh corn belt drew SAP yeah yeah who the
lettuce priest is always just trying to
get his parishioners to turn it nailed
joke of the day so far joke of the day
any time you can make a turn-up joke
you're good
hope you get they said come down go go
back up to the ground level Oh God
can you walk like somebody in this dream
well this is something you've got read
your now so uninformed you will just run
around in circles until you range it's
great all right what part of I don't
like fantasies and don't like we get all
of it that's why it's alright I'm going
down look oh no can you can you go up
and now over not on the train but just
over no oh you can't cross this prattle
patches of wall
OSHA's dirt then I then I don't know and
you can't go down now can you go to the
left you can't go that way
there's no way through the town
singularity 4 3 2 1 says hit rich and
love you guys
what's worse rich hating this game or
him dying on the first boss to be fair
trying so hard he he was doing his
patented press only one button strategy
for that first boss and I think he's
learned more strategy required than
Pokemon that's slightly just lightly
train yeah train
then let's see here
I am a 420 arses can we get a shot of
the fam cameras off such an enjoyable
stream like to see who's in it well you
can hear us it's like an audio player
you have to we're asking you to use your
imagination eyes would bleed how did you
lose your eye anyway that's that's an
important question I don't think people
are expecting an eye patch no well it's
it's let me tell you when your father is
sasquatch you just run into difficulties
you would not expect sure sure I'd see
that did throw a cop car you know fly
that's pretty sure they flipped the the
fire truck yeah well never mind okay
we're not Canadians host
it is I'm getting okay
I thought it was many up and away for a
while I think you hoser I am thinking of
hoser yeah this whole time let's see
here Marian Hossa I'm shaking my head no
I know nothing of sports she's the one
who team I know he's getting up there in
the hockey player terms
I'm ch I think I've seen 2/3 of a hockey
game once I use fun to watch I know they
don't use a ball they use a puck my
problem with hockey which I think I
should like hockey but the puck I just
couldn't keep my eye on it like I'd be
like I don't understand what I'm
supposed to be looking at right it's so
small and I just couldn't follow usually
I couldn't keep up with Karen we went to
a trouble wolves game we gotta lose game
you know you know at baseball games
let's go see hockey game and we one of
them hockey matches we weren't that
close to the foot but we're close enough
when they check some guy into the glass
and you see this this human beings face
gets shoved up against the glass and it
just deforms in ways you wouldn't
believe those heart always a fan of
humans see a man's face turning to putty
that's that's tough
that's great
you mean Black Hawk search know the the
minor leagues it doesn't minor league
team the plays in the Chicago area
the Chicago Wolves would plant the
former Rosemont horizon of the Allstate
Arena a minor league team for really for
about penguins or something no here in
Milwaukee we have the Admirals
they have the bullshit there's the time
badass that's fine oh it's like the
skeleton right well there's always a
skill too but it was like a cutesy
skeleton who was playing okay it's cute
it's nice
I don't know what's going on I'm stuck
behind this Regina Batman it's pretty
clever hi lady he'll cut yes a lady
Hellcat yeah yo what's up are you an old
friend okay I have a higher high pi why
does the timer keep going up what are
you doing I don't know no but if it
comes down and you get into the know
area then it's more time than you had
before
okay I'm going to get to a section where
I don't have to pay as much attention to
what's going on that's what you're
always looking for in a game and you
stop my gonna turn my brain off - that's
right Tiberius Kirk if only they gave
you a nice ass let's see here
anonymous says these Evans family
streams are amazing do you think we'd
ever have any other rlm family members
come on stream all there is no many more
I don't think I could stock enough beer
to get my brother to come in he requires
a lot to do anything on camera but I'll
do my best
what about around audio oh no this is
too much too many puns we're already at
critical mass listening to the context
wouldn't get you through faster I'd
rather talk to my family you'd rather do
anything doctor chug but mud he's
working right now he can't come to his
room
my cousin is making movies he's working
they're all coming up all right they all
came out of you that's creepy
that was creepy one you are oh let's see
here good evening everyone how does
everyone feel about those awesome fan
arts of rich and Jack those portrait
paintings were awesome they were awesome
I have to say that suddenly I did think
that the one of rich gave a Bill Murray
vibe no I don't think I'm about to share
with rich banner I saw a most addictive
birthday boy writing the show BuzzFeed
severe which and that's adorable
honestly pretty great I think that's as
scholars in a cupcake with candles okay
they said it in its downstairs yeah the
real one yeah I'm finding it rich oh
here oh here it is look I like a real
artist
oh yeah bull revives I I don't deserve
it
isn't that beautiful it looks it looks
beautiful he was he and then the other
day he was painting because and he also
did one here I'll show you of like a J
if I can find it artist named P diddle
so here's the whole group he's a P
diddle you can find him on Twitter he
did he did the whole group of us and he
was live-streaming mine and so I popped
in and it was just great watching him
paint just like oh just like a painting
I did I did and I said I said he'd
better do it you better make me look
good
take off take off like five pounds
now I did a fine job that peed it off
they did a fine fine job maybe maybe
we'll talk to him about sending them
this way so we have no arch in our in
our streaming room we could read some
fine art maybe people could give us some
portraits to put up on the wall right
the TV is not on the TV moans it's
abstract on this portrait should
definitely be in like fancy gilt gold
frame really yes with it with like
individual lights I saw someone in the
comments had requested one of rich
dressed as Napoleon which I I would
hardly enjoy seeing sitting me as
Napoleon I can I could absolutely see
that I want to see that the Nakota
Napoleon complex is propaganda have you
ever written there or this that Napoleon
was actually a pretty average height oh
yeah yeah it was not a short man
interesting just by today's standards
but for his time he was very average
right but but so as part of the anti
French propaganda they call him short
which music he may have been 5/8 which
is not tall but it's certainly not
striking ashore II know exactly what is
this what did Cory make gravy on top of
course ninja that's rich as Napoleon
someone has already made and it's
glorious about this that's pretty great
friend a friend of our alum Chloe a
wonderful artist i wonderful town today
who knows the how long ago she needed
someone in the chat just linked it uh M
mister mister no sphere link todavía
Slee Chloe org slash slash stuff look up
in the chat it's their peak of now fecal
drippings has also linked it you know
these are your names that I'm gonna read
out loud
fecal drippings oh my god that's what we
got that's fine you name yourself I mean
alright it's great it's great
I'm okey b85 says hey you're wreckers
and the family Evans thank you all for
being in attendance for the stream
we appreciate it I do like watching the
Final Fantasy game but please let rich
play XCOM or FTL in something later just
after the stream just needs like ten
minutes of a game he likes to decompress
exactly fancy with one hand your hand
just like a brillo pad you're gonna wear
it you're gonna wear out your thumb risk
repeal this a precedent you just switch
the remote to your other hand and use
the other way upside down there you go
and spread it spread it out I'm sorry
that's racist you're sorry that's what
you're sorry I'm so worried I'm sorry
I'm sorry sorry oh no I'm gonna make
sure it's safe I know they like the
Fargo the Fargo's very clean reading
before I go accident hey there the you
Burt you perhaps it's very well
pronounced in somebody in some of the
years but yeah like if you ever go up to
the the Upper Peninsula
holy moly you can't even understand
those people the hardware we're going
down to an F he should hold air no oh no
now some of it's my family where were
that you know are we the Midwestern
Milwaukee is one of the like news
broadcaster standards because we don't
really have
flats with plane so when you did you can
see a bright flash no good nice knowing
you but having them sent on like off so
my eyes were very briefly shut I just
saw a bright flash of light so yeah if I
start spazzing out okay
do you need a one phones to hand I've
been drinking pretty oh no that's a
sappy bones has it's called a non
original dictation and I'm okay with
that because that's what it's a good
example it's long the old timey radio
voice yeah well uh nobody Jimmy Stewart
this is 1920s biz net era though yeah
yeah we gotta we gotta go to business
now and these these Dame's are gonna
make us some sandwiches for our business
lunch get over here
I don't I don't find out the all the
ladies in here are looking at me like I
am a horrible person and I'm commentary
is this a case we started it was the
American version of the British for
secrecy
we're going up the elevator again yeah
you have to go feel oh god it's circular
rich its life it's it's a you're back
everything okay unit 603 idiot says hey
rich and Jake question for the Evanses
the internet needs to know did his laugh
bring as much entertainment to you as it
has to all of us and does his baby
portrait have any magical powers this is
an important question that the internet
would like to know yes
No but in which the rich Evans law
respectively is is well known on the
Internet has this always been his life
and how much pain did it cause you or
joy amenda wasn't rolling his eyes and
being miserable for many of our
listeners that you know where headphone
why did you invite this here again you
promise upon ourselves let's see here J
our our Lovecraft says to all the
Evanses if you could be any praça
rights which brocco right would you be
have no idea what that question means
okay Pro karai out what is that Oprah
carrier the single-cell organism well no
no yes yes yeah we're your eukaryotes
okay well if you know would you be you
are saying words that don't exist all
right
these things evolve asexually right yeah
precarious splits part which one's the
original character
they both are then they all evolved from
the self single single-celled organism
okay Karen made a gesture with her
agencies where she's thrown they're all
they are all the same my point stance
they're all the same I tuned I think
yeah it's a parent to daughter cells or
are they both the old ones yes yes okay
so then they're all the same individual
in a way they all they're all we are
bomb Karen we are legion we are Bob no
that's fantastic question I've as
someone who's gotten rid of many of I'm
still me and my might not be the same me
that I was before but still me there's
still a me in the me without the cells
but what do you from you know 20 30
years ago recognize the you that you are
now or have you changed so much that
I had hair if I don't believe it oh god
it's true you just seen a picture you
should have seen my hair it was glorious
he got screwed no Lisa my wife got
screwed she married me before I lost my
hair exactly yeah everyone knows me like
there's no I had Oh glorious hair
wonderful yeah what are those things
those are pokemons it's broken plumbing
see that that's a thing
like you people in chat you know me with
the ring hair before I had shaved
completely I still had lino the crown of
hair and they've seen that they've never
seen me with full hair though
you you you wouldn't be where you
wouldn't believe it
oh I would I was a looker all works for
you yeah well it works for me now cuz
that's how you know me now but where are
you I don't know I just want to get it
over with I do shave a lot of shampoo
yes but the shaving is quite the pain
and it happened great all right let's
see here 5:30 skeptic says did you guys
see take to announce to all their IPs
react microtransactions in the future
that means red dead and the next ex come
gaming is turning into gambling
recurrent spending opportunity yes which
I do as someone who is a fan of Red Dead
Redemption the next town how do you feel
about microtransactions entering image
is it's just like you get ammo for the
multiplayer component I won't give a
goddamn okay if they stay out of my sim
Eclair yeah I might be alright okay no
that's if it's gambling for cosmetic
things I'll be annoyed
hmm you know that was one like five
bucks for this depends again depending
on the game absolutely absolutely
Oh rich they're saying you should heal
your whole like I feel up your whole man
but he likes dragging corpses or I can
do that in the menu you don't need to
wait Phillip everyone you did it you did
a game thing yes
where am I going um duh don't probably
down that's what you're going Hey look
there's the same thing it came from here
tonight no you blew up one of them and
now you're in another one you're part of
an organization that's the goal is to
destroy all the reactors so they just
reuse the same killing the planet
they're sucking all good they they're
sucking all of the oil out of the planet
the Spirit oil yeah it's not just oil
it's spirit of spirit energy powering
this city are you are you a legend the
man that I don't even care I knew you
don't care that's so sad now I feel bad
great alright let's see here
suburban Sasquatch says let's be honest
squirrels and phoenixes are pretty
stupid animals to be and final fantasy
is worser than Mass Effect Andromeda
okay great
thanks for thanks for they they give us
the money and we read what they say
that's it I don't have to the big joke
just kind of was it I think I thought
they were taking a comedic tone with it
but it probably came off jerky okay so
how about the severance maybe you could
fuck off
I was gonna say perhaps the question of
what animal you would choose to be is a
question that invites yeah well any
answer I hear homo sapiens was didn't go
down well as a choice either it was a
great choice there was a quality choice
choosing animals so maybe it was a
stupid question to begin with
think about that chat think about it
let's see here
super intent Oh cramp super internet
mike has a question for everyone here if
you could choose one film to put into a
time capsule for people to learn about
us 200 years from now what would it be
the one film you would choose to
represent us clearly space because us
humanity as a whole our American culture
we're 20th 21st century yes
Oh dr. Strangelove happiness of the
classic pretty family the the the horror
musical yeah happiness a brick cutter
coulis it's got mudslides it's got
claymation uvulas it's got sumo
wrestlers that doing questionable things
with middle schoolers that's true and
it's a musical but it's also a horror
film
yes that's a fine choice that's a great
movie next down the line choose a film
to represent all of us what Mormon films
are there Romans and mob or mobsters and
Mormons mobsters monsters mobsters and
Mormons Twilight some Mormon no not
really
basically the whole story is basically a
more
abstinence allegory I know nothing about
their pretty awful that's great all
right one one film to preserve so future
generations will look back and go oh
that's what humanity was about oh no
nice every year we go back to the future
I think that would be fun too because
then like they would see what we thought
the future would be and they go man
those guys were idiots back to the
future - right
the whole state wise it's all freeze
right
you're not gonna choose a second you
know choose the box it I think all right
am I done with this thing over here did
you blow up the reactor blow it up I got
a thing he won't do anything they
already do that like that's what I was
thinking is something like An
Inconvenient Truth and like what they
knew assholes
Oh God there's a joke movie yeah they
made a joke movie out of the deal with
Johnny Depp as from it was kind of weird
hmm yeah yeah I was I mean it was it was
funny and then it kept going and it kept
going I was like wait wait they're going
to distance
yeah that was that was much like um that
was much like their their Steve Jobs
biopic both produced by Funny or Die and
they they made a Steve Jobs film after
he passed away and it was not good at
all but they it was the first Steve Jobs
laughing and they brushed it out they're
like rhoda script as fast as possible
shot in as fast as puzzle like we're the
first were the first biopic and it was
terrible but they were there the first
so that's a very internet thing to do
it's very internet thing to do yeah oh
good I'm glad you guys liked my
Inconvenient Truth that went over like
gangbusters Joe good looking over at the
chat pretty good one I felt pretty good
about it at the time we're sending in
all caps we're putting it in a time
capsule for them to open in the future
well then it doesn't really matter what
we put because the technology to play it
back will be so absolute so absolute
then what so will will include with a
DVD player with the DVD and then they'll
have the cables and get well so we'll
also include a TV it has to be the whole
unit yeah and enclosed entertainment
system just in case you just take each
each frame of the film and chisel it in
stone perfect and put it all on a
carousel to spin really fast and then
you get a dinosaur to play
wait a minute it's a living right let's
see what we got here anonymous says for
the people on the stream who like JRPGs
what is everyone's favorite JRPG rich
you go first what's the what's the best
to Japanese role-playing game you have
ever played oh thank you I was just
about to ask what JRPGs commodity is it
doesn't like anyone but he hasn't played
what's your favorite JRPG series stories
very good sure but occasionally you know
you make some choices and you have some
battles wouldn't you rather just see the
anime I can't pronounce it well there's
some agency and I mean it would be it
would be it very long you heard a book
about Xenosaga I wrote an academic
article about Xenosaga that is published
in a real book what well now you have to
talk about this oh that's it now this is
the rest of the night yeah what is your
ancient lady her internet friend had to
be the one pointed I have to build up to
this this is a whole thing okay so you
wrote an academic article discussing
religious symbolism in the games because
it draws heavily on sort of Western
mystical symbolism and iconography
throughout the three games and this is
what she does it was it was I haven't
done it
very long time technically we all have
to call her doctor I guess doctor sure
okay I so for those of us who don't know
if you could give us the simple rundown
of what Xenosaga is what kind of game
the Twitter version the Twitter version
of what Xena saga is it's a JRPG it's an
a JRPG that takes place in the distant
future where we've lost humanity has
gone forth in his lost all contact with
earth it's it's lost Jerusalem and so
everything they've colonized many other
planets and there's a whole lot of
political drama going on between the
church and a variety of different
political and military factions that are
struggling for control there's a sexy
Android robot that kills everything
perfect that's Jerry Magdalene and get
it together
that's a Bible spoiler it's been out
long enough the second seandroid robot
is supposed to be housing like the
essence of Mary Magdalene Oh oh shit
sorry I didn't know that was a real Xena
saga spoiler no spoilers yes the Bible
came out something like running down the
street yelling punches pilot killed
Jesus running down the street jump baby
jump made it that was an old test
I love it I love that idea
someone make a video on it it's great
okay so there is deep religious imagery
in the Zeno saga saga yes is that can
you say that
I suppose Xenosaga trilogy there we go
there are three Xena soccer game there
are three it was meant to be six but it
did not go to the ps2 okay I know the
name it has a cult following
okay I'm a cultist so your controversia
where's our rimshot button brunch
we had a rim shot but yes there also was
a guy who was literally Jesus what is it
in is he the hero he's one of the
playable characters okay I would assume
mine he's not called Jesus maybe knowing
the biblical Jesus like there's a slash
figuratively not across um in the desert
with Mary Magdalene
do you say much I'm never even that
that's clear okay and is it only like is
it only Christian religious symbols in
Xenosaga or do they delve into other
religions as well it was quite broad I
mean it's been a while since I went
through but I mean Western Western
mystical traditions I think is a fair
there's a lot of Kabbalah ok yes
you're asking me about about an academic
paper I wrote five years ago yes well
that's been done I don't think so I
think he just thought it sounded if you
were off with Shinto hearing about this
weird Bible stuff like it just might be
weird and interesting to you so wait
they put him in a cave and three days
later it came out what that's crazy talk
I love it so there was a prostitute but
he was cool with it oh that's crazy
angels angels a fighter called gnosis so
literally you're fighting knowledge oh
yeah I'm gonna know soon yeah I like it
a game about religion where you have to
battle knowledge well these questions
that you know are they are they
absolutely bad
yes if you fight one of them touches you
then you're corrupted by it you see
sounds like an inconvenient truth too
soon too soon for a callback that's what
I'm saying
what their favorite JRPG oh how do you
pronounce it what I don't know if that
counts is this is a specific have I ever
played anything within that genre
probably not okay Dean I frequent well
sometimes play together when I'm around
Keeney total quota or locorotondo or Oh
was the the Western name they made an
anime they have not translated the game
oh okay
but it has super super dramatic
Orchestra melodrama high school music
competition competition is like scarred
people that get into pipe battles and
there's a lot of flake death I cannot
rest until I have cried you for the
indecency you did to me seven years ago
kind of nice but a but about being but
about being in a high school orchestra
club no really bad what is what is going
on here the same dialogue just seems to
be repeating yeah you have to press the
button in time with them what
do you see how yes on the button with
them rich the only one rich get it
together and go nope
you suck no too early
okay let's try again nope talk preach
this is gonna be all night people
welcome to the rest of the night oh all
right so anyway back to our paper JRPG
duvet that's all again Karen do you have
a favorite champion Dragon Warriors hey
you did rich how many tries did that
take fifty oh I was listening I wasn't
reading it understand I was just talking
and hitting the a button no idea and
reenter thank you for the link to
another pigeon dating simulator I'm sure
we will get right on that apparently is
well I know that they made a sequel no
way hold on it says do you think pigeon
dating simulators are up what the panzer
Maytals
a tank dating simulator where you trying
where you try to date tanks oh you're
treading on thin ice there I'm all over
base
I'm in so much pain
so much just pandering to the audience
now Oh looky here
readin getting through the tips I'll see
ya hey rich
have you played final fantasy 15 what do
you think about it is this your first
time yes have you heard of me before
shirt so no so that's a little that's a
no on the final fantasy it's no one the
Gradle fantasy 15 yeah yeah crazy
I like I'm skipping over anyone who asks
more what animals do we want to be joke
I just wanna let you guys all know that
for the tips great answer yeah it's all
because of those were great eyes a great
idea what's happened
let's see here uh anonymous wants us to
talk about books have any of us read any
of Terry Pratchett's Discworld books I
have not no a long time ago okay I'm
currently in the middle of reading Good
Omens
okay is it good it is good it's not
Discworld though yeah is it part of the
disc it's not part of the describe to
see it's by the same okay it has a
certain brand of humor okay wait good
always good all this was Neil Diamond
it's both it's both yeah
I didn't know how were players they
wrote a book together they did how do
you work that out um just sitting at the
typewriter and they like every other
letter they're that good
it was just one of those one of those
games where he sent a sentence back and
forth these tweets are my email here 10
years it's really a funny book they've
got like these satanic nuns
everything everything goes wrong with
trying to guide the Antichrist you
either heaven or hell I like that idea
just here you know doing my thing my
Antichrist thing but you know I don't
know yeah does but you didn't
are you missed no you're waiting for
FIFA to go I think sorry hope I'm still
trying to make my way with you or some
craic all right the Margaret Atwood from
the maddaddam trilogy
okay and Oryx and Crake is all I know I
have no idea my portions but they used
them right you could equip to heal your
character what the hell is in material
um now you probably died what items did
you have again
yeah that was just so was he content
works it's not turn a seat just
continually attacks yes active Time
battle get it together
rich get it together but uh back to
books I did I didn't want to read more
Dirk Gently and so I've picked up his
next book the long dark teatime of the
soul but I told myself I can't read it
until I finish this Oryx and Crake book
which I'm not terribly interested in but
now I'm deep enough for it I am I feel
like it's a waste of money if I didn't
finish reading it or if I need to pick
up the abbey about me dying you made it
through or is it did you did you make a
pun oh I could listen to him talk all
day absolutely
it's got to be incredibly important like
be like getting the right voice for your
book yes like I don't know if you guys
are NPR listeners at all
I love chapter a day you know they do
and I like I never care about the book
but just like yeah like one you know
it's like every day at noon they just
read you a chapter of a book and you
know they're done in a week or whatever
and it's just you know smooth tones and
NPR voices reading the book God lovely
it's a free audio book I'm currently
narrating to audio but oh are you really
I am
what are what is the name of the audio
where you wait til so long to start
plugging this way well they're not out
yet so it's not like I can be like check
out my audio book rich thick it came up
naturally let it happen all right all
right what is it was audio books one of
them is a young adult coming-of-age
story about a rare rabbit lots of funny
vampire this is funny word this is a
little girl that can transform into a
bunny being raised by a couple of
vampires she has a weird boyfriend
okay so um so you bring this back bring
it back in a second and I'd like to
grasp the story a young girl young adult
novels of teens but the first the very
first book is basically taking you from
her infancy to being early teen okay
then it's a series share of course books
the majority of the audience as adults I
mean the purchasers of young adult books
like I mean realistically then you think
I could no we're saying adult books no
we're not really talking about fifth
graders the budget Ahmet may be meant
for younger audience are or have more
importantly having a young protagonist
yes so it's a little girl yes who on a
full moon or no she can transform it
will she can transform it well when she
turns into a bunny yes big bunny a
little
regular little bunny so part of the
thing is she wants to prove she wants to
be strong and people belittle like other
werewolves are like rabbit they clearly
haven't seen the Monty Python and the
Holy Grail then first of all I love it
what is the exact title and the author's
name it is The Chronicles of where
rabbit series I like it I think this is
great
find out in the books the ebooks are
available on Amazon now but I will be
reading them all you're gonna read all
of the books well maybe I shouldn't I
know I'm reading the first one and if
all goes well there are currently three
out on the Amazon Kindle Store yeah but
no the audiobooks are not yet no I
are you done recording or are you
currently I'm done recording I still am
editing
you are I am editing oh that's that's
how audible works as the narrator reads
at its producers really yes I find that
interesting
what are they come there's a term for it
where the audible isn't in charge of
anything they're just the platform and
so there has to be your own whole
there's a whole word for like not not
sourced crowd-sourced crowd-sourced
audiobooks yeah so basically an author
puts up I'd like somebody to narrate my
book here's a sample and narrators send
in an audition and if you they like it
you get it and then you do everything
from A to Z until it is so this is this
is mostly arranged between you and the
author yes
and then Amazon takes most of money but
you know it's yours but so then there
but there's a marketplace for voice
talent there is where you can audition
and there's a system in place sure
that's really fascinating it's a CX if
you are interested in narrating
audiobooks yourself and so then you have
to put together like a little voice real
samples sure so I I don't currently have
a sample reel of audiobooks yet but I
mean you you produce your your audition
bit based on whatever samples the author
wants to compare and contrast okay see
this now we're getting you know they
might be it might be from different
parts of the book because she wants to
make sure you can do the different
character voices that come up at
different places make sure that you've
got the tone that they're looking for
sure that would be amazing but we love
it but we love it I've never heard
somebody mispronounced the word B before
this sounds great once I having only
heard a few audiobooks they want you to
do kind of like accents and voice
different voices or
yeah they want you to whether or not you
can do it well is good good so you have
one you have one under your belt yes
nice that'll be out do you know when it
will be Oh
hopefully within the next month or so
oh great it takes a little once that's
all edited then it takes a while for it
to be approved sure to make sure that I
haven't like deafened everybody with
with incorrect decibel usage or whatever
like you get like five shares in like eh
laughs talktime on the book that would
be like you need five campers in who
will start you change your doing like
Satanic Verses now instead of the actual
book or just change one chapter to
entirely fucks
yeah fuckity fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
chapter 4 all right another this stupid
shit this Irish doctor one that's great
is a Pride and Prejudice world murder
mystery but not Death Comes to Pemberley
like like Pride and Prejudice place in
the Pride and Prejudice universe like
what do you mean it's the characters
from price okay so after this after the
events of Pride and Prejudice the
characters go on in their lives and then
death comes to American the meriting
murders
there is a remarkably rich world or Jane
Austen I'm sure I'm just seeing what
he's name is a dork of all trades I do
whatever is needed that's so funny
what's your laughing yards
well that's great all right let's see
what we got here ima for 20 hours as I
read I read Dirk Gently long dark
teatime of the soul I was in jail for
the day I didn't finish it but I tried
to take it with me when I was released
cop who released me let me steal it from
jail I hope you learned your lesson here
have some candy
these five bucks in a book do you need
anything else I got some shoes okay
great good for you
that's great let's see here taint
misbehavin says hey guys oh we're about
to get into some Star Wars talk I hope
you guys are comfortable talking about
Star Wars the upcoming Han Solo films
looks like it will be a dumpster fire
what are your expectations for the film
and what do you think would make a good
Han Solo film I've not really doable
video about expectations for the Han
Solo but was that before Ron Howard to
go I don't remember I think it might
have been it won't be a dumpster fire
Ron Howard is a fine director who knows
how to make a good movies they have
reshot 95% of the movie getting rid of
all of warden Miller stuff it will be a
perfectly competent all that means is
they don't like the direction that Lord
Miller are going in R and it's a moot
point because it's gone right it's like
a new movie clean the slate sure but it
won't be the dumpster fire that Justice
League will be because they haven't
reached out enough of Justice League and
so it's gonna be some Zack Snyder and
some Josh Wheaton mishmash of garble all
mess let's see I am intellectually
curious about Justice League of course
but I don't think house solo will be the
dumpster fire because they reshot so
much of it and Ron Howard is a fine
director so I don't know where you're
getting dumpster fire from
my perfect Han Solo movie would be
called Star Wars where he's not the main
character he's just a cool guy that
hangs out with dream character you know
like we don't necessarily need to know
his backstory he's just a cool guy who
meets the main character yeah yeah I
don't it might be good I don't know
whatever I like that my ideal with your
ideal Han Solo movie man you're doing it
Richard
no I didn't look barely I'm getting by
fine without you in Syria our wait what
happened to the other people separately
separated fell off a bridge I'm so sorry
I'm not really watching what's going on
oh it's ok neither
you sound generally genuinely miserable
rich oh we did Jack loves I I don't
necessarily love Ron Howard as a
filmmaker but I think he's a competent
filmmaker yeah you can put together a
decent movie that Ron Howard if he I'm
about to go to his IMDB right now to
list off some of his accomplishments
aside from Happy Days well he that was
just an actor
all right as as a director those movie
sucked
oh really you made the da Vinci Code
yeah that's fun okay so we got a
beautiful mind that's great that's a
great movie right we got Apollo 13
that's a fine fine movie we have a
backdraft far and away Parenthood
he made willow I have not seen any of
these movie
you've not seen it you haven't seen
willow yeah I'm getting a bunch of mail
I don't think so
starring um what is it about it's it's a
fantasy movie starring Warwick Davis the
the little person and Val Kilmer and
magmar Tagen no no no will it will is
great Wilo was great he directed cocoon
Ron Howard's a fine director yeah Val
Kilmer Warwick Davis
it's a fantasy movie it's really creepy
they meet up with a witch who's stuck as
like an animal and they have this whole
like animal transformation sequence
where he keeps changing her into
different animals scared the crap out of
me as a kid because she kept like
melting into different animals it was
horrifying everything's fine it was
great it's a great movie
how about how many tips again we have a
few tips but if you're about done we can
be honey okay uh mr. cliff says hi
Evans's can we finally get the rest of
the story concerning the dick the
birthday boy t-shirt we've all been
dying to know I think we already had
that it sorry mr. glitch let's see here
how hard it says this is easily one of
the best dreams ever can Jack host my
next family reunion we have beer and
swearing but what I think I've been
missing is a good host or moderator
right just someone someone to keep
things on topic a way to keep it light
keep it light away from politics talk
about you know pop culture things I'm
talking about deep philosophical
concepts such as what is the huge what
makes you you religious symbolism your
favorite video games these are all
important family topics let's see here
rich Evans playing Final Fantasy seven
is amazing oh and turn the microphones
down because everyone's clipping nope
sorry too late we're all done ah the
Cyrus is I wait sometimes you have to
read a little bit beforehand to see if
they say anything weird something you
know but sometimes I just read I respect
anyone who analyzes RPGs I analyzed
earthbound a few years ago describing it
as 2001 a Space Odyssey of 1995 and
that's also sounds pretty correct tired
and sad says hey guys are you able are
you able not to separate the artists
work from the scandals thinking of a
recent naughty allegations I mean just
most of Hollywood yes you know is
dependent
right there's gonna be there's gonna be
a lot of movies you can't like anymore
yeah I ever when when you go up when you
grow up and you're into films you
usually have go for a Woody Allen phase
but then you learn about Woody Allen you
go you know I'm good but you know like
when you're when you're just getting
into movies you watch all the old Woody
Allen movie oh hey this guy's funny he's
clever he's got oh he did the stories
are saying it's kind of a treat though
know that we don't come out with
allegations leaders right so the answer
is sometimes let's see here and I've on
mage says hi everyone Thanksgiving is
coming up and a great game to symbolize
carving Turkey would be Metal Gear
Rising lol your mother's a bitch that's
from a that's from a video we made
prominent and and that's all we're
caught up all right that's all we're
caught up what why do you want to end
this rage I want to make my family sit
around while we read a bunch of names I
think we should end it but I mean people
usually will agree to read names okay
why don't you just read them without the
usual profanity you can you have a
noisemaker maybe you can just make a
noise okay we can probably make a noise
