Yes, More Zelda (pt.2)
April 8, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-syyYZ95XAA

qapla gook says you guys far cry 5 yet
my daughter is hogging the good pc of
the house used a house to plan the last
game she really enjoyed were breath the
wild GTI 5 seems like a decent FPS so
far I don't even have a body I don't
either - here so here's my review of Far
Cry 5 having not only not played Far Cry
5 but not playing any of the Far Cry
games is it kind of looks like a generic
shooter I wanted to avoid it
specifically because isn't one of the
criticisms of Far Cry games that they've
been say me lately and we're because
we're not that familiar with many of the
games I've played Blood Dragon huh but
can I ride this horse
do I get an achievement for doing this
riding the horse yay
yeah it just looked kind of generic to
me and so I it hasn't even been
something on my radar I have not been
interested in even looking at it because
I guess oh wait was that wait of course
course being horse what is that
that's a thing
the dang horse is that there's a stable
of course is that stable yeah it's
pretty close all right horse let's go to
the stable come on dummy horse gonna
stop it
most complaints and reviews I've seen
advent of the game didn't make a
political statement that is so weird
oh wait look is that the white horse yes
that's the good horse right Yes sorry
horse you're yesterday's news I just
found the good horse
which Metal Gear is absurd and tragic at
the same time much like real life I
don't remember the last time I saw a
flying fire well or the last time
somebody was possessed for the severed
hand of my clone twin brother I don't
remember that maybe you just haven't
been maybe it's not just like real life
maybe you just haven't been living rich
maybe it's a game and I I don't like the
tone they've struck in their particular
game and you just deal with the fact
that I don't like it while you yourself
like it and we can both go on and I have
enough stamina give me a horse don't run
off a cliff please
this is the good horse so we want this
horse drink and you know a stamina
potion yeah I think I think I'll try
that this time is up my stamina you know
drink a stamina that maybe wants because
I think this horse might take a little
bit more special horse fucking horse
get up link you dink go dink go
all right we're just gonna we're just
gonna try again I'm gonna have to look
into this Far Cry 5 review nonsense I'm
kind of curious what people are saying
it just looks generic well I'm gonna get
you you horse well they're getting mad
at it for not being political thing is
strange enough that I'm curious if
that's true that is weird about what the
actual non controversy is right which is
curious about the drama that is correct
yeah if there is drama like I again it
just oh fuck I ate all my stay I ate all
my stamina shit to uh to climb a
mountain for you look how much stamina I
can get back nothing you think you're
wasting it because that's not gonna do
the trick yeah but I like it a little
bit yeah but you're still not gonna get
the horse
yeah does anything else come his team
you know where the mushrooms do I gotta
cook them first sorry gotta cook them
what's this potion do is just a bunch of
dishes what cooking yeah let's just
avoid far cry 5 it's boring I'm just I'm
no I'm just curious about the review
controversy not playing the game alright
well dang I got to come back for you
horse
go down and I'm gonna go down to that
stable and cook more stamina meals give
it one more try maybe we can crack that
nut come on how did I get you the first
time maybe I had more stamina stop
running away I'm just gonna chase you
I'll wear you out that's something I can
do right
this horse is gonna jump off a cliff how
does it feel to know that this July the
dark night will be ten years old it
feels like time will be progressing at
its proper pace as it's been ten years
since the movie came out that's amazing
that horse just murdered me all right
horse I'm coming back for you
that horse almost murdered me oh yeah a
fucking horse and I get back up there
I can mark that on up all right
fuckin horse rich we're gonna get that
horse I'm gonna get that horse you're
gonna have to make a lot of fucking
salmon apportions I'm gonna get that
fucking horse if you can find it if you
can find it again did you mark the map I
did I don't know okay I just put the
blue thing that's why I put the blue
marker up there that's where it is it's
up there it's up there go make me some
stamina potions real quick I gotta wait
till it stops fucking rain and
apparently gosh dang it
I'm gonna do it though we're gonna get
us a horse it's gonna be great what's
this you're mine some mushrooms great
but boom I dog how's it going
wrench please play the blood-borne DLC
on stream yeah we did once I say didn't
you already beat Ludvig with the with a
chance oh right
it's raining I can't cook god dammit god
dammit god dammit can't do anything in
this game when it's raining yeah I know
that annoying something I'm gonna hate
that touch I get it I get it you know as
a little dice roll element nice and shit
from you know hey doodle oh thanks Nana
says hey guys today is my birthday
also as someone named Chad I can attest
I totally miss here chat as my name and
think you're talking to me
thanks for unintentionally boosting my
millennial ego welcome you filthy
millennial aha thanks Beetle
Beto's gonna sell me some crickets I can
add those two monster parts and get good
boosters great great get out of here
get out of here thanks butyl pocket
death traps threaten alpaca death trap
says rich because of rlm commentary
trucks I have launched alien vs.
predator Batman and Robin Justice League
and rogue one I hope you were happy with
yourself yeah kind of I'm happy maybe to
have entertained you with a wonderful
commentary track
you're welcome you think it was fun
watching Justice League again to do the
commentary track it's such a boring
movie it's such a boring movie it's
worthless it was the word I would use
it's a worthless movie they go rich
you know there you go
worthless that's a good way to put it
too and it's a good way to put it
alright you know what I'm gonna I got to
switch controllers this guy is almost
out of batteries are you going to join
Khan mode oh my god oh my god how are
you how are you gonna tame that horse
with joy Khan's Jack no boom going full
joy Khan oh these these for you these
feel terrible
ya hear ya I hear ya
what is that ingredient tired sad says
you know that is what what is that
ingredient bamboo it's been a while
since I played your bamboo maybe been
blue I never notice that the recipes in
the wall
yeah mask that's cool yeah everyone so
I'll take a picture of it yeah I get
some ideas for recipes
she's never noticed little detail never
noticed it yeah that's cute
it's great that's that first table isn't
now it's not it's near the beginning but
it's not the long with the big meadow
what the horses behind it no I saw that
Valley I thought it was no no this is
the one you know the this is the okay
this is the great plot to here and so
this is that one that's the one on the
other side of the big Reno where you
fight the centaur yeah yeah I think
you're probably enough this one yeah
maybe this one
just waiting for it stopped raining
hey dog you're my friend oh you do this
with dogs the joy con suckas controllers
I'm I'm exaggerating I I do greatly
prefer the the actual controller though
oh yeah like these will do in a pinch
and actually like I I almost kind of
prefer them
I almost prefer them without this thing
she I might just do that for a little
bit cuz that'll probably Millenia yeah
too firm where dogs been it's been with
me but but even too far they're they're
not quite right yeah there you go yeah
guys nice been in hey did you did
they're not quite perfect like this the
chat is wanting to see the DLC Jack
alright I can't I didn't even know where
it is I can't do no the the DLC hold on
I have all the DLC yeah okay so there's
master mode a harder mode that will put
your courage and skills to the test
you don't know no I'm just doing the
regular okay
heroes path mode this shows you every
place you've been on the map which is
kind of neat the travel medallion is
something I could get that you can place
anywhere and then teleport to a place
not that's not necessarily a thing
different and these are just bonuses
like a mask right and a treasure and
some bonuses up in the great flood zone
where the challenge dungeons so that is
in the the trial of the sword but I need
the master sword okay so I can't do that
the ancient horse gear I already got one
okay
apparently there's a book containing
rumors about the
oh the Highlands stable where's the
Highland stable I could
I needed the ancient saddle okay so here
in the champions ballad DLC I need to
wait until I have all of the mythical
beasts done before I can start it but
apparently it adds a rather meaty amount
of content yep so but I haven't I've
only gotten one mythical beast huh
so I can't do any of the DLC what I will
do is keep playing this and once I get
to that point I'll bring it back and you
can see the DLC what was the hilum
stable rulers 1 am I in the Highness
table where am I know what stable is
this outskirts table okay where's the
Highlands table
I used the DLC free in this game no no
no it's it's 20 bucks for both of them
horse armor I'd say it was a joke but
we're talking about Nintendo they're
probably oblivious oh yeah
they are cuz there is horse armor yep so
I only probably done completely
oblivious like wetlands table oh well
you know what I haven't even I don't
even know where the Highlands table is
yet where's the Highlands stable trial
of the sword is amazing Jack it's the
sword
like I need the sword I don't have the
sword yet right now it needs to wait for
it to stop fucking raining that's what
I'm working with how many hearts do you
need for the sword oh right like 15 12
god I don't remember all right now it's
stopped raining I need to start a fire
oh no they started a fire thank you all
right Jesus
jesus H crispy all right all right
how does this work now I got some bugs
I got some bugs rich I'm on bugs at cook
with monster parts to create a stamina
recovering elixir boom hold and monster
parts turn sad says have you watched
ricky gervais seus surveys Gervais
Richie Gervais is's Netflix special it
sucked but most of it was him talking
about how offensive his material is
which it isn't I'm getting tired of
comedians just whining about audiences I
didn't even know he had a Netflix new
Netflix I hear here's I saw one of his
promotional images yeah for his Netflix
special which was him shirtless with the
word atheist written across his chest
yeah holding a microphone like a cross a
microphone stand like a cross with a
crown of thorns and I said you know I
don't need to watch this well past the
point of that material being too edgy
right and and is so it's just that when
George Carlin dinner in the 90s it was
like whoa he's going there right right
it's it's a Netflix special where I'm
sure another comedian is talking about
his asshole prolonged ly like yeah it
just doesn't matter
and so I that it just didn't look like
anything I'd be interested in I need
more apparently
what are they talking about a stand-up
comedian special there we go that's it
they're saying that wasn't for the
special it was stupid as fuck but it
wasn't promotion for the oh okay well
then well it was enough for me to say I
think I'm done with Ricky Gervais for a
little bit how about that George Carlin
wasn't particularly edgy about it that's
just straight up high school teacher at
the time George Carlin did stand-up
material about there being no God I
don't I don't think it was comedy
no I wouldn't say it was common could I
mix you with monster pricey
what it's a weak-ass elixir maximum
hearts isn't gonna help attack power
isn't gonna I have nothing that will
help me with endurance here rich nothing
iron shell crab bro wait maybe this one
okay nevermind I got a couple I got a
couple cramps you're gonna help me with
endurance there we go okay now I got to
full stamina recharges we're going back
back to that fucking horse I'm gonna get
a new horse a better horse honest
question one did I find it find the
comment last question when did there is
no God reach a cultural tipping point in
a man what do you mean by it cultural
what do you mean by tipping point like
where it's a common thing cuz we're
we're just kind of getting there now I
can't think of I can't think of one
politician that has been at least openly
a non-believer like a big major probably
made yeah
I know that was the big deal with with
Obama during the election is you know he
he was saying like well you know that he
went to church here and then they found
those videos of his of his pastor
talking all crazy
when you know the truth the truth was he
was probably just like most Americans
and didn't go to church very often so
didn't know that that pastor was kind of
crazy
Bernie okay when pressed Bernie is
Jewish when pressed when pressed he's
kind of skirted the issue but also you
know Bernie's a senator of a pretty
liberal state like yeah not uh not a UH
and while you know a big a bigger name
in politics I wouldn't necessarily
consider him a major politician but then
again I guess who would you besides the
president right once once once the
president is atheist that's when we got
we got some Real Deals all right that
horse was around here somewhere I guess
that's what I'm saying maybe maybe
that's what I'm saying but what I
consider to be a major politician is a
president here's what we really need to
talk about okay sorry yeah go ahead
anonymous says did you see the tweet I
sent leaking to a video about phantom
sessions and theorizing ruining Star
Wars I'm sure people want you to watch
many videos but I think this one is very
enlightening yeah no I don't want to
watch the Star Wars video but the Star
Wars and Star Wars I just want my life
yeah that's why I didn't share with you
oh yeah I got the tweet I get all the
tweets racist I just don't care yeah
yeah I'm kind of I'm kind of a filter
for rich on what what I think he will or
will not enjoy and sometimes if you say
hey Jack show this to rich I won't thank
you for the tip and thank you were
sharing something that you thought was
interesting but I I don't need it I
don't need a man
I think Star Wars ruined Star Wars I
think the fact that people couldn't
believe leave Star Wars and lonely room
Star Wars and to keep milking it when it
was done it was done in 1983 but just
because of popularity they couldn't let
it die and that's what killed it it was
already dead it was used up but then you
just keep smoking something let's try
that's my own take goat don't mess with
me I got I'm going for a horse you leave
me alone so capitalism ruin a star star
wars yes Auto roundabout way yes yes I'm
putting it yeah absolutely 100% what
what how did I get kicked off flarg did
you waste uh I wasted a potion yeah I
got more I think I waited too long
I'm gonna get you I'm gonna get you I'm
gonna call you princess and you're gonna
be my horse princess is there anyone who
could make a story spending six movies
and not have it eventually suck marvel
did you just get owned by rich Evans
major pwnage I'm sure there's others
there's other examples not the same
story for all films though that's not
true as Star Wars either and you know it
haha you are mine and I'm not gonna call
you princess I thought of a way better
name for this orange you know no way to
go Fanta Fanta okay that's my cool horse
okay come on phantom yeah haha
see you later horse look there's my
there's the other horse that was kind of
a dickhead
goodbye let's hope it doesn't die before
you get to a stable oh my god like tense
this ride of your life jack old I fan
'tom hey see you later dickhead horse
favorite Star Trek episode who watches
the Watchers season 3 of next gen so
them come on yeah go to thing there's a
lot of good Star Trek episodes
ok well because it's a white Bronco I
appreciate that comment I appreciate
that comment yep that's a that's a fine
joke thank you for sharing it with us
TNG cos versus T and G versus ds9
T and G TOS ds9 easy
but max get off the thing phantom is he
stuck I know and I like I wanted to move
a little faster but phantom slowly check
slowly walk to the stable phantom you
settle down I'm gonna give you some
apples once we get to the stable come on
call me shit ds9 number one what the
fuck is wrong with you
look ds9 is a fine show but it's barely
a Star Trek show I talked to Lisa
recently about about possibly you know
watching Deep Space nine cuz you know I
asked her the same thing because she's a
big Star Trek fan like yeah we've
watched the original series over a
couple times we watch Voyager through
and through and now said you know you
want you think you want to watch it like
now that we were older maybe it's
something we can appreciate a good show
maybe and I kind of feel the same way
word so yeah you know I like I like next
gen and I don't know if I I'm sure ds9
does some very interesting things but I
might like next gen too much where I
don't want that feeling ruined by Diaz
9gu snide is the anti truck right you've
said that before yeah look at this horse
what is he what are you doing it's
broken
why are you broken horse
so close to the stable it's my thoughts
on species 8472 I'm exciting
the Borg killers yeah underwhelmed
my feeling is underwhelmed well that was
all part of a whole big underwhelming
thing the Voyager yeah Voyager in
general the Borg any appearance after
best of both worlds
kind of you know well and it's just we
we had there there could have been
something interesting in like an
alliance with the Borg sure like that
was like an it could have been a neat
idea but it was it was all mucked up in
the Borg Queen and Janeway being Janeway
I kind of feel the same way I do about
the Borg that I do about Star Wars you
you told the story it's a very limited
idea you told the story enough put it
away
we're done they don't need to come back
yeah all right oh yeah here we go here
we go phantom what is that pH and I
might spell it wrong so tell me if I
spell wrong and is it dumb om nope not n
I know it's not M is that phantom yeah I
used okay
ah damn Danny Phantom yes registration
is complete
you're not gonna mention the horse I
murdered already alright how about you
are you gonna take an apple out of my
hand
yes Eyeborg was a good episode
ok the board had one phone appearance
after bested most both worlds everything
else was trashed
what's that long as I board hue-hue yeah
that's a good Borg episode were they
taken aboard like a pet and you know
never named him never named pet naming
naming naming that Borg Hugh ruin ruined
their wonderful plan that would have
saved the galaxy from the Menace that is
the Borg but don't you understand it it
also is is beautiful Star Trek
moralities the reason why next-gen is
the greatest is because they have that
morality but isn't the life of this
individual more important than
compromising our ideals fucking pinch I
will give it up to I born it's a great
episode but I do think in general the
the Borg didn't really need that much
exposure after the best of both worlds
true there were a threat with
diminishing returns yeah yeah as a
concept that kept getting more and more
watered down and destroyed I mean you're
not wrong like Star Wars ah you know
what I'm gonna board you I'm gonna board
you now that I caught you you know what
the original movies were good a couple
good video games everything else trash
fair enough rich but aren't you at all
further intrigued on how they work in
relation to further 8472 vs. federation
conflict no I'd be fine if neither of
those two races are ever brought up
again next-gen saved huge ds9 would let
the Cardassian motor here that's really
the difference between next-gen and deep
space 9 which is why I don't want to
watch TV space 9 which is why I'm very
concerned about watching deep space 9
I'll make a cup of pumpkin let's see
what this does meet some rice and some
pumpkins gotta get a cookbook is there a
way to get recipes how to get recipes
and is it is it like a specific mission
you do to get recipes I think you just
use your memory and experiment right
every now and then somebody will say why
don't you mix this this it's a good
treat right right mark it down in your
brain files my brain files don't hold as
much information as they used to too
much readwrite memory I already that dog
is already my friend I already pet him
and he already loves me he did the
little I love I love you thing deep
space 9 is basically what if every TNG
admiral was actually correct that's a
great joke you got it you got it
oh hey bird
haven't you always wanted more chief
O'Brien hey hey hey say what you will
miles is a good character and he works
better on Deep Space nine because
amongst all of the war and the the big
important generals and diplomacy
he's just the normal schlub mm-hmm Miles
O'Brien works really well on ds9 yeah I
can be with you there
laughter today and and and and in today
TNG crew could be overly moral Cardin
others can be too perfect but that's
just what the show was a show about
ethics and morality that's that's and a
show a show that whose mission statement
was kind of to bring the audience a
sense of hope by presenting us with with
good moral people I'm sorry I'm sorry
I'm sorry but that show could be too
moral and yeah I guess that's my problem
with coming full movies it's just too
much kicking with this at the point of
the show man that's not your taste
that's fine but I'm just saying if
you're fed at the start truck it's kind
of the point this yeah dragons back the
best the best episodes of truck are the
ones with the card debating the morality
of something damn straight
this is why I love who watches the
Watchers
I just like it I like a lot of a lot of
next-gen and a lot of the reason I like
it is because they they do they do write
they do good if Picard
if Picard was anyway Picard is Superman
he just does the good thing all the time
Picard is Captain America Darmok and
Jalad your awesome t-shirt fan you
famously have this shirt and a fan very
generously made to sent me one it's a
great shirt how the Darmok and Jalad
that's inaugural rock-and-roll t-shirt
is is a favorite of mine all the non
Star Trek fans like what I do I have a
problem in general wearing that shirt
because most people think it's a picture
of me as it's just wait I fell down yeah
she's a bald guy holding attached
they're like what is that you on the
shirt what's happening so that's
generally my problem wearing it button
what is that what is that oh that's
something I want to visit later boom
this game is growing that's vaguely
familiar that's familiar I forget I
forgot what it is but I've been on that
ledge
under that thing before right I don't
know if I have I don't I don't
necessarily remember if I have yeah yeah
it's team G metal no TNG is classical
music TNG is the stuff you're supposed
to be listening to because it makes you
smart TNG is Mozart Mozart
to us is classic black no no I like I
like rich is a initial assessment that
it is classic immunity no the original
series if T and G's is classical music
okay what is T us
oh I don't think classic rock fits to us
you know what TOS is it's it's sticks
its prog claw it's it's like techno
classic rock where that's a little bit
cheesy I think I don't you sail away in
mr. Roboto that is oh what's that song
sir what is it
you don't know what that is no folly
star what's a falling star it's the
thing you get you can use it to upgrade
your your outfit what some of your
outfits shit I got to get to it can i
teleport we'll stay there it'll stay
there it goes away I think at daytime it
doesn't last forever but I don't think
teleporting won't take it okay okay okay
well shit shit no I've never gotten a
falling star before sticks fuck you
that's that's what TOS is its domo
arigato mr. Roboto okay I think I think
TOS and T and G they're both classical
music just two different writers do
different composers Amadeus versus
Mozart or Amadeus versus whatever was
upon know who's the lowest le re who is
whatever yeah whatever man placed a
yacht here oh my god what is oh my god
oh my god it's right there
Jesus Jesus like I know I gotta hurry
I'm so pumped
I don't know if I read this puff Mac
says good news partners was a smash hit
at bad movie night I brought it sir at
the bad movie night I brought it to of
course the bad news now partners is now
sold out everywhere for all my friends
though oh that means that means you got
a one-up on them so you're welcome we
just made you the cool one I wonder why
thanks you hacks you're welcome yeah
like the amiibo outfits they were all
they all needed like the stars to
upgrade they're good for something else
too I don't remember what it is
specifically I have never run across
this in my entire playthrough the game
and I beat the game I think it's not
gonna an ingredient in like one of the
ultimate cooking recipes or some other
use I have never run across a shooting
star but they're pretty rare and farming
them was a pain in the ass a mysterious
stone fragment that fell from the sky it
looks like it would fetch a good price
but you may be able to use it in certain
recipes as well
well Shh oh I should have taken a
picture of it drop it
what if it disappeared after you dropped
it that would be terrible would you cry
I can't uh I wouldn't cry but wait no I
can't well err you know cuz if you take
a picture of like mushrooms you get that
right you should and then you can add it
to your that's weird depending but you
can't do that for the star which is very
weird right so because you dropped it I
don't know it's not as strange I'll just
take a picture of it anyway
yeah it's a star fragment does not get
added to the compendium yeah well shit
well I got it great great
alright now where are we where were we
oh fuck I was doing a thing what is it
doing oh I was way over here that's
right let's doing a whole thing I'm
gonna I'm gonna go my plan is I'm gonna
go talk to Cass and then we can call it
a night okay
aimless Coursera says I've had a real
issue with binge drinking I've made a
point to spend this month sober and
honestly I've had some of the most fun
evenings with friends while sober good
for you I can remember them good for you
good for you that is another thing I
worry about cuz you know like when I do
drink you know and and i I've never I've
never had that moment where it's just
like I've woken up and I did I get
blacked out I didn't know what I was
doing but like there are some morning
sorts like I drank a little too much
maybe I was a dickhead last night you
know I go yeah
again nothing where it's like oh did I
punch a cop I never had that moment but
you know I what you worry that you're a
dickhead
no sound princess I need that upgrade
upgrade some outfits so yeah that
happens sometimes there are some nights
where you just have certain regrets or
Gertz so there ain't nothing wrong with
saying hey
hey I'm gonna take it easy good for you
retro mania Joe says have you guys
notice chromatic aberration or edge
fringing while playing blood-borne not
really I've seen other players and
similar issues with it
citing eye strain and headaches after
prolonged exposure thanks I have not
noticed anything new singularity for
three two one says have either of you
read much George Orwell 1984 is easily
my favorite novel I've not read much
George Orwell I'm familiar with 1984
I've seen the movie and Animal Farm was
him too right
I'm gonna say yes but I could easily be
wrong yep
I'm gonna get up that easy way this time
yeah I mean I've read Animal Farm
because I think everyone had to in
school yeah
I didn't read 1984 but I've seen the
movie they're making a new series of
1984 right series yeah they're making it
uh like an Amazon or Nate Wow okay yeah
yeah looks good I think you might like
the ongoing Adventures universe I first
of all I don't think they would phrase
it that way
heart pounding action in the 1984 st.
Jack do you mean Fahrenheit 451 which
was when we taemin oh maybe I am maybe
there's it's a Fahrenheit 451
that was a Bradbury what's 1984 again
they're both dystopias 1984 is the one
with big brother but big brother is
watching not book-burning that's fair
that's Fahrenheit 451 I'm confusing that
I'm mixing them up okay I am absolutely
mixing them up madam says the best thing
about Star Wars prequels are the memes
okay Nana says I know why cobalt killed
himself he learned it from you jack he
learned it from you
madam says hey Jack try spinning that's
a good trick also since you got the
switch out
you should give splatoon to a try
sometime things go better than overwatch
I do know that they're adding a DLC to
splatoon too that really beefs up the
single-player element yeah which I hear
good things about button poke Alex and
the ISIS emanate may have rehash plots
but at least ray Finn and Poe and kylo
are interesting and you can root for
them YRF you can root for kylo
uh I think a lot of people want him to
be redeemable but no I think you know
he's abused to be a he's a bad guy well
and you know last Jedi there is that
there is that uh the t's yeah the root
for coyotes yeah I know people despise
rape I don't know why I mean I don't
know what I don't care wine I think
she's fine she magically knows how to be
a Jedi sort of movie she's fine
fine actress I don't hate her character
and in that way the new movies are more
redeemable than the prequels oh look at
his game it's so pretty rich the game is
so pretty
she's a Mary Sue why is it why is this
bad like I don't I don't think Mary Sue
means exactly what you think it means
I know the definition got all fucked
thanks to dick heads it got all fucked
it men see used to mean something fairly
specific yeah it was a blatant author
insert originally right
and now people just use MarySue to mean
someone who's competent nice okay great
we're doing great everybody we're doing
great
whoa bird
everything's great was that like by the
by the stepmother the standard that
marry soon currently has Batman isn't
very soon because Batman is good at
everything
Batman had view to the earth of training
and he's worked really hard in the
Batman Batman it's also a dude the earth
of training which it's nothing it's
nothing like that nothing like that I'm
not even gonna assume did the gender has
anything to do with it I've nights it's
not I'm not I know any wanted because
you go down that road you end up into
garbage politics and anything anyone
says doesn't matter they're just gonna
scream yeah the the only the only thing
is this kind of non sterile i crei have
existed before but it only came up with
ray I have to assume that at least part
of the whining is gender bias just
because it would have come up earlier
all right well I talked to Cass I'm good
I'm here
I'm ready we can call it oh we got out
we got a ton of tips today so I'm not
even close to going out
shit them catch up and I'll keep moving
no luck I think I'm gonna head my head
towards that tower over there it's the
president says hey guys captain
president some games like some orange
Chardon would be better as movies than
games yeah I could agree with that yeah
watch movies come to mind that would
make better video games than movies
that's a harder give they'd probably
terrible movies so I wouldn't give them
much thought right oh yeah that's that's
a harder thing cuz gameplay mechanics
are very different than storytelling
yeah yeah the problem is not many people
realize that gameplay mechanics are
different than story mechanics and so
they try to fill their games full of
story mechanics and less gameplay
mechanics last Jedi no that would be a
very boring game everyone would lose she
and I gotta climb this mountain now and
it's raining damn
we don't appreciate it says how's it
going guys I I've been a fan of rlm and
prereq for years but as I'm poor I never
tipped it's okay until now question what
is your method of dealing with
depression this is a serious question
and you should not be asking to
jackasses who stream on Twitch for a
legitimate answer if you're dealing with
depression you should talk to people who
are close to you and and and and just
get some get some tips from somebody
who's much more qualified than us just
pitting truth right yeah
spitting absolute truth and you know
that's also just good advice and for how
to deal with depression just talk to the
people around you yeah yeah yeah and
it's okay
it's okay to talk to the people around
you about how you're feeling that's an
okay thing to do don't be ashamed of it
everyone feels down sometimes that Jack
was a therapist no we are completely we
are completely unqualified answer your
question we're barely qualified to be
two idiots that play video games on
Twitch right most of the time so but but
good luck yeah but don't be afraid don't
be afraid to get a little to be
emotionally honest with people around
you I think that's what locks people
into cycles sometimes is they they
they're afraid to speak that you weren't
a therapist I'm spitting truth rich
Greenwood me
all right dr. Jack be with me here be
emotionally honest with yourself it's
okay to feel sad sometimes it's okay to
have a me day don't judge yourself by
other people stay
you see that's why you don't listen to
any of our advice you're welcome
Tomcat 2096 is hey guys
right hope you're doing well it's been a
long time since I caught the stream are
you guys my favorite ways to distract
myself from writing a media literacy
theory paper thanks guys
welcome media literacy theory paper I
had to write papers I did my best work
at 3:00 a.m. yeah staring there at a
blank screen for hours and hours and
hours and then 3:00 a.m. I'm thinking
jeez I can only get 2 hours sleep yeah
necessity sure sure
I never I never I never had that problem
because I am I'm I can
speaking of barely being qualified to
you know stream video games I can spew
absolute nonsense for hours at anything
I can talk about any topic for as long
as you like me the problem for me was
always you know editing that down into
something you know coherent but I just I
just block it out
Jax poopster it's a good example of that
right but then you gotta edit it down
that's when the work begins button
regimented scheduling machete bug says
do either of you watch science and
futurism with Isaac Arthur a neat
YouTube channel that tickles the sci-fi
and science centers of my brain hmm
figured what do you nerds might enjoy
him I've never even heard of it mark it
down I've never heard of it either
what's it called again science and
futurism with Isaac Arthur science and
futurism with Isaac Arthur tired sad
says do you think George Carlin or even
Sam Kinison would do well in this
hypersensitive era I feel like it makes
comedians like Gervais lazier because
it's easier to offend people now I don't
think Carlin or Kinnison would give a
fuck and they would still they would
still be great and they would still be
great because of it all so I really
don't I honestly don't think there is
this hypersensitivity world that
everyone complains about I think there's
just complaining I really don't think
there are think people are
hypersensitive about the hypersensitive
which is why talking about any kind of
this SJW anti sjw political garbage is
useless and nauseating but that's the
thing I don't think there is the first
typer sensitive thing that the people
complain about in the first place and so
it's just people complaining about
nothing that's all it is is nothing
gobbly gook says rich you've mentioned
four Star Wars and the Borg that their
story is complete and you don't need to
revisit it you have children someday and
if so you want them to find their Star
Wars I probably won't have children
someday but if I there's time they could
find their Star Wars
why does it have to be Star Wars can't
you have a new property that is
entertaining but their Star Wars would
be a new property I think he just means
that their Star Wars has to be Star Wars
part 20 22 and 23 not 21 because that
one sucked first of all I think that's
what they mean and no the people can
invent new franchises people can invent
new franchises that's true gotta hit the
other one too should I just burnt this
thing down there we go
oh good to get my arrows back I was like
that about this game if your arrows
don't hit an enemy you can go pick them
up mmm-hmm Falcon bow shit yeah
oh no I want the Falcon ball
so I got a weak-ass bone here get rid of
one of these guys that can bowl
what's this generations Indiana Jones I
don't know guardians of the galaxy they
don't they don't need the same thing
regurgitated verbatim guardians isn't
bad I'm sure there's a better example I
feature generations can have new things
what is this ready player one Shh
anonymous says have you seen any of ash
vs. Evil Dead Season three despite the
clumsy course correction in season two
and the season 2 finale hit the ground
running and still fun as fuck so still
fun and sick as ever I didn't even know
it was out I heard it was out oh I'll
probably catch up on it when when it's
done I didn't even know I didn't even
know I perform I prefer my my
entertainment in the form of binging
mm-hmm I was really upsetting Legion
came back yep really amazing show on on
FX
and whoa legions out again ok let's at
least and I watched last night like oh
yeah a new episode of the new was great
ok next wait what do you mean there's
only one episode we have to wait like
animals oh yeah oh it's terrible you
cannot see get up nothing in there
hmmm did c87 says just me and my seven
month old at home tonight
he just started crawling thanks for
keeping me entertained while I keep him
entertained you're welcome
did we do what we can anymore pirate
XCore says well Jack lose phantom like
he did with Cobalt
well the camera slowly zoomin on rich
while he cackles down on the next
episode of 1984 keep up the great
entertainment guys and Jack bye eggs
thank you that was quality well-rounded
tip yeah that was great we don't
appreciate it says Jack you should be a
therapist after that beautifully put
anti-depression rant here's another tip
to milk the stream a little more just as
Disney as milking Star Wars thank you
I'm just trying to try to spit some
truth here trying to figure out whatever
you need to do I need to do with this
puzzle rich and staring at it for a
while molecular Lionel's is rich Jack
glad you're back foolish and check out
the hit movie lockdown it's by the same
director as kill point and low blow
that's awful anyway thanks for the
stream have a nice Sunday okay blah blah
low low low blow low blow lockdown huh
Boop but does it have the same actor
is low blow in it but that's the
important part
low blow is the national treasure is
Cameron Mitchell in it it's not even
it's not even my doing Jack and I think
the chat spot to go on to emote only
mode oh no no what did you do chatting
it's like I didn't even need to poke the
bear this time chatting you got you guys
get yourself into trouble more than we
do
what lucky actor will get the low blow
job Oh Leo falling is still around
Leo phone is still alive put dad in your
pipe and smoke it that's craziness
Chad what did you do you're a bad Chad
the Oh Fung has been dead inside since
low blow low blow might have been Lea
Fong's magnum opus we don't know spirit
orb we should interview low blow
he's a hundred and twelve he won't
understand what we're saying
what I don't great are you are you there
I mean I'm oh I've been there I'm
waiting for you to catch I'm caught up
oh great caught up the Al Kut oh oh here
we go I gotta there's a stable down here
you have to save your horse whoa whoa
that guy needed something
hold on hey dude
what you lookin at Oh what's he looking
at
if we tried VR not for $600 we have it
right
would you like dedicate a whole room to
that shit some some VR setups yeah you
need you need like the sensors in the
right place yeah fuck that no get my
horse back now all right I'll save you
great $600 you guys have a TST mean
money I don't make any money off the
beams yeah I know every time every time
that gift loops rich gets 1/4 of a penny
I have $600 it's gonna go into a new
video card or something right it's
something useful something that you
might use more than once and forget
about right now yeah like you know we
could use a new laptop for in here
because this one is slowly done talked
about that we need one mm-hmm I was
thinking I was thinking about like you
know if I if I should get like a utility
laptop like something that we could also
use outside of the stream a little extra
money use it outside a stream but well
I'm looking into him for like a pokemons
go stream something well right or you
know if we need to I don't know do
something outside like do we spend a
couple more hundred dollars to get a
slightly nicer you know a laptop with
some kind of mobile Wi-Fi functionality
you can stream from that right no maybe
I don't even know if Pokemon go stole a
thing is it dead
no I don't know I don't know that's my
that's that's my final offer
I don't know rich I don't know
Pokemon go it's still kicking great
excuse me okay hey now is the time of
the stream where we thank all the people
who subscribe to us during this very
extreme much like Alex McLean 93
suggests 22 dial eight seven one who
says whoo eight months of giving you
Amazon money thank you take that B's OHS
I last 1984 / s430 four fucking months
in a row I shall rise again LaBelle solo
five six seven four 27 fucking months in
a row
true blue review for 17 months in a row
says a prank like that is why I sub do
you hack frauds in the first place I
keep up the great work
I cook for them some people might have
missed the prank I had some Amazon echo
pranks going on with my neighbors great
who for speeds in water their cat got a
lot of a cat everyday lysed liars t
maybe is the name
Darkwing schmuck says our lamb has
brought so many wonderful obscure movies
back into the spotlight that i think
it's only fair to give him a goin for
bringing back Freddie fingers nah not my
idea
fish facade almost some zoo anything
Jack you think I'm I'm uneasy reading
quotes that could be a quote from some
unspecified person who you don't want to
quote
I know this probably isn't how do you
feel about this and should I just move
on or should I read that I would err I
would say read it I just read it in my
head and it's like it looks like it's a
it's supposed to be a clever funny thing
so I say read it but do you you know
listening to me is a gamble in itself
rich the field of battle is like the
Mongoose slow to joviality but thirsty
for morning sunshine there you go
rich these are my quotes dammit I don't
fucking know that you could be a weirdo
we don't know who you is we don't know
what you has not Captain Picard says
happy did he gig did eing the kong mo
mike one two three four says series
question jack the porn studio asks you
permission to use the fuck pot 5000
character for a sci-fi porn parody would
you say yes lol
how much of it paying me okay
nobody well and so here's the thing
though the fuck bought 5,000 is not just
my creation I would have to discuss it
with with a few people yeah before
giving permission but you know I think
if they gave me some money maybe spread
that money around I mean you know like I
was I was there at the birth of fuck
bought 5,000 but that doesn't just
belong to me
Sonic's 96 the sheeps Terfel guar
funcle' for 19 months in a row mom its
development heck this is her a six
months I'm glad to support you guys
thanks for all the fun welcome got our
stars for 28 fucking months in a row so
it's emoji you with glasses then it's
exactly what they said
Joe Kitty double O one for 12 months in
a row who says hey guys been subbed for
a year now and I think it's time for
your review of what of what
Brod shit no waffle tail for 32 fucking
months in a row spooky Dookie child of
furniture oh my god
Barnum Mark Irish man 36 this new
subscriber for twenty four fucking
months in a row that's a penny for 18
months in a row Jake you know 831
fucking Lazaro says hope you had a good
weekend hack frauds thank you we did
then we did Titus 84 for 19 months in a
row bill hecka for 45 motherfucking
months in a row says 45 months we
finally get Diddy Kong Racing hardly
seems worth it so you know what's the
plan for the four year people coming
soon it's coming really soon
I think motherfucking it's gonna get
absurd Jack I think er I think that's
what they're hoping for but that it gets
absurd I mean motherfucking I think it's
fine motherfucking that cut off every
year we had another thing yeah all right
all right every year we got to add
another thing on top of the fucking well
fuck its sparklers next do you want to
do that no I definitely don't want a
double huge pain in the ass and then for
everyone who hits the four year mark we
have to wait for the entire sparkler to
fizzle I just know I'm vetoing that idea
the idea was so dumb I should have known
not to say it because you're gonna love
it played it and I'm just wait in
silence for the minute
uh kaleidoscopic who says holy shit
thank you guys for finally playing diddy
kong racing but what is your guys
favorite tidbit of history for reals my
head DB cooper always had a soft spot
for that mystery that's a crazy one I
dig you know something that I think I
think is is now taken for granted in
history it's just the very concept of
indoor plumbing yeah and you know I
think it was the ancient Greeks who
finally figured out like hey what if
what if we just took all the shit and
found a way to move it away from us like
hey I think you got something there and
also I talked about I think World War
one is is a war that's not giving its do
because it's so weird
horses fighting tanks so much more
interesting sure to add better villain I
get it but horses versus tanks who has
very clear absolutely it's an easier
story much much like the Civil War well
we're one that's the murky shit exactly
that's why I kind of dig it okay well
watch why yeah why carnage there's no
common sense here
pure fucking carnage it was so pointless
this is pointless the soldiers knew it
this the soldiers stopped fighting at
some point divided the way we do
whatever domain yeah yeah yeah yeah
anything is weird I think it's
interesting historically obviously a lot
of people died it's bad but historically
a crooked spiral for 16 months in a row
who says thanks for 16 wonderful months
of awesome streams here's an excuse to
say the name of the Amazon dot again you
gutless coward you cannot know you know
what I'm gonna be I'm good I'm being
kind and being kind to all of our
listeners who have an Amazon echo device
you're welcome how can't striker says
are you guys going to play battle tech
might XCOM meets giant robots further
win I need to see more about this new
battle tech that's coming out yeah
that's a rich question k2 beep boop
Edgar Allen hope over 21 fucking months
in a row Jack Lemmon Poe folks man that
is moose that one pretend ear for 16
months in a row digger blue underscore
for 18 months in a row says go Jets go I
assume you're talking about Benny and
the or just the New York Jets space
aliens super cocaine for 23 fucking
months in a row a Winnipeg Jets hockey
oh it's a hockey hockey oh I'm sorry
wait Winnipeg any chance why is it
saying we're playing bad rats cuz that's
left over from a joke I did at the
starting the screen at start of the
stream and now that screen has come back
after I came back from the end it's fine
oh sure sure the super space alien
Supergirl Kane says it's finally it
happened that's true D becoming finally
half Oh Diddy Kong's finally happened we
can we can tuck that away now
water Oh God Trix says almost a year
Oren's the real they on for twenty nine
fucking months in a row
who says here's the important question
if you didn't know any of the references
would ready player one to still be and
it's alright yes II yes that's the
correct answer
I'm sure I've missed several references
and it's still an alright movie but most
of them are fairly in the background
hmm yeah most of them and so you get to
the end and they started here's the
spotting soldiers Chucky yeah the thing
was the worst check is the thing that's
cute no it's all cute it's it's a
perfectly it's it's by the numbers and
it's perfectly adequate yeah
the suprise and the surprising part
about it the thing that makes it
somewhat interesting is that it should
be a giant garbage fire but fucking
Spielberg he's like yeah I can make a
movie out of this I can make a movie out
of this it's great we're at J bags v our
colleague Mike Ian 9265 kick girl V for
twenty four fucking months in a row says
happy two year anniversary to us indeed
war on God for seventeen months in a row
dear voice dear dear crazy
ivis gray rat six not Marc
10:08 and Jimmy lays fifteen months in a
row Lord of MU boo
sir dad three K says it's a three thank
you yahoo jeho beats trail 11 for 38
motherfucking months a row
says jagged rich give me a
recommendation for a book you've
recently read and a one to two-sentence
descriptor of why you liked it you guys
are always reading interesting things
Thanks well as I am reading ready player
one I have not read anything interesting
lately differently morphus the new book
by Yahtzee it's a it's a fantastic read
it's a it's cynical Harry Potter
meets Dirk Gently the book not not to
show and it's really great you should
definitely you should definitely listen
to it also it's an audiobook cuz there's
a great job reading it you differently
morphus it's been a while the last last
one I read that was interesting and I've
probably mentioned this before and you
remember it I'm trying to remember the
name I can't remember the name okay we
are legion we are Bob you've mentioned
that you have mentioned that before yeah
it's on my list
it's Angelus it's on my cuz every month
inaudible I get a free I get a free
audiobook yeah and I put that on my list
for next month when I get my free
audiobook we are legion we are Bob it's
the story of an engineer who dies but he
paid to have his head frozen and then
years and years later rather than like
reviving him like you would think you
pay to have your head frozen they take
his brain turn it into an AI program
that they shove into a space probe that
goes out into the galaxy and duplicates
itself and charts the universe it's a
weird interesting premise yeah I love it
I love it it's definitely on my list we
are legion we are Bob also differently
amorphous give it a give it a chance ah
a quake kanu purple space bazooka for 38
motherfucking once the Rose hey guys
good 38 months of epic heck frog ness is
true say planning to do another Sierra
games soon I had to travel recently so I
watched your police but AB police quest
one slash Space Quest one runs on the
long flights just magical please
consider another one thanks
I'm sure it'll happen sooner or later
yeah and maybe it's time we move on to
you know some point and clicks you know
get maybe a some classic day of the
tentacle yeah there could be some decent
voice work in there that could be fun
puzzles there are different puzzles
I've never played day of the tentacle
those could be fun okay there's less you
have reading in those probably but
there's a lot of voice stuff you know
like there's I think there'll be less
like area description it can't be wrong
but I think they have voices yeah I
don't want them I don't want that we'll
see I guess we'll see where's our thing
because because Cosmo gesture 434 Cosmo
gesture 436 mother fucking months in a
row usually want to add to that huh and
you want to add to that I want to up it
every year up it up it rich that was
exactly
you're welcome Chad Cosmo gesture says
pointless trivia did you know the Big
Brother from home alone does Kevin the
crazy tinfoil hobo in the new the tick
show on Netflix I did know that actually
and he's a fine actor as that's done now
write the full whole first season I
watch that you should you should one
meaning to get into it yeah the whole
first season is done watch it and we can
talk about it I mean it's great actor
clone 27:27 for 25 fucking months in a
row says Star Trek for review you said
that that's the thing he said Lucas
Ducas for 30 fucking months in a row
first cute I'm not that big on it it's a
gimmick which ones for again
they're in modern time oh that was the
whales back in 2012 well that's cute
I'll take I'll take two and six over
four twos great she was amazing two is
great she was right graphic on Mike
would probably put six / - I had to if I
had to guess don't quote me on that
which was six again voice undiscovered
country underscore country yeah yeah
yeah yeah sorry
I'll think - okay - and then I'm even
because I'm because I'm weird me and I
like one you are a forest going under
one - even for me to 186 master of good
ones for yeah transparent aluminum what
easy-peasy japanesey
oh my grim pandas hey guys seven months
and hopefully I can make it more keep up
the kick-ass streams missed you guys
last couple times we weren't we weren't
here the last couple sides so just for
you the grim panda mr. space platypus
okay what is it
bran flakes there's a lot of small
letters clustered together and I'm an
old man bran flakes four five four seven
oh man yeah casual horse I do I wish
cobalt was a little more casual today
the horse then killed himself
I'm stream it casually walk casually
walk right off clamp it did you casually
- didn't run it is what mosey over the
cliff what were you doing co-op for
twenty eight fucking months in a row
I think that's earth alight and it looks
can our that's a enfilade and select
okay entha light
JJ cheek er 427 fucking months in a row
who says rest in peace Cobalts pace 180
it's a nano watch Romania Jo hot dog
buns for 19 months in a row says Gold
team rules veto monopoly Master Kenobi
double-oh-seven
446 motherfucking months in a row
who says breath of the wild or linked to
the Past for final boss and ending
satisfaction I have an answer for this
specifically ending satisfaction final
boss in the wild and and yeah ending
satisfaction yeah I would everything's
back to normal
I fight the pig yeah I mean I have a
problem with the ending of breath of the
wild yeah what's up I want to go and
clean up everything now can you do that
and a Link to the Past
no but link to the past is it doesn't
have the openness that breath of the
wild those okay it doesn't have the
world that breath of the wild does okay
after after I defeated Ganon you know
what I want here's here's my dream DLC
now for breath of the wild is let me
play after I defeat Ganon and this time
and because Ganon son there's no more
Blood Moon so when you kill an enemy it
stays dead and then what if you like the
animation you want them to keep coming
back well then you do Game Plus once you
finally have all the new toys the
enemies start disappearing forever that
is an option then it's an option but
here's my dream DLC if you kill all the
enemies and they stay dead forever
and then the real game ends when you've
completely cleaned up Hyrule your job as
a knight oh god I would love that
I mean
I'm I'm not shocked it's not there and I
I don't fault it for it but it'd be nice
if you can go back to some of the towns
you got new diet like postgame dialogue
yeah I love that brutal legend did that
I always thought it was neat uh-huh you
go to areas after you're done new things
happen you get a few new like after the
game ends a few new little cutscene any
kind of things you're in there
and I guess I kind of expected something
like that with breath of the wild just
because it was so open it's so rare that
a game does that I don't know why you
would expect that I just playing is oh
oh yes I can't I my thought was like I
would love I would love like for this
game to keep going but you know Ganon is
defeated you you you clean up you kill
every enemy in the game every single
enemy in the game and then you get to
you finally get to like rest in the
castle I love that that's what I want so
I would say that a Link to the Past is a
is a pretty good ending satisfaction the
final boss battle in breath of the wild
those pretty wait no the boss medal is
kind of weak too well I mean it's not
the most amazing thing a Link to the
Past either right final boss battles in
the franchise your winners are Wind
Waker the epic rain fight with Ganon
that was pretty epic that's pretty epic
Twilight Princess is just the sauce and
I'm thinking of the same thing it's just
a sword fight with cannon it's a bad
sword fight oh and he turns into the big
pig again in the yes oh you're thinking
of Twilight Princess that's what I'm
saying I think you're talking to Skyward
Sword
no it's why the princess is the sword
yes that's not bad so that's good yeah
that's what I'm saying that's a good
ending
I prefer I prefer though the Wind Waker
ending it would wake hers much better
and I I give the game shit all the time
but I've never said it's a horrible game
after that I'd put again in Ocarina yeah
that's a good one that's good
oh those the two best final bosses of
the series
I'm down with that I would we got here
we got knocks 200 Wilkins the clown for
38 motherfucking months in a rope
menthols the noble Eskimo awesomeness
500 yeah Twilight Princess would be
third the sword fight what Ganon's a fun
sword fight it ain't as epic as the
fucking rain sword fight that the love
brain the oceans falling on them well
and but also got a fun fight and combat
in Wind Waker might be the most
satisfying combat I love I love the
combat in Wind Waker oh you just felt
you felt like the like the knight of
time the knight of courage I love the
comment wind waker rolling around your
enemies doing the what thing I loved it
so so Waker Waker flute and Twilight I'm
with you that's my final boss battle
Zelda rankings I like it I can be with
you there god I'm gonna be with you
there sorry where'd you leave oh that's
a great question I said I said awesome
miss five one eight Browdy is zero g
shots 443 motherfucking months in a row
who said been sick for a week with the
flu mist the dulcet tones of your
streams it Simon was very good yeah go
ahead
well no they say either was sick and
they wanted them Oh glad to see I
misunderstood him thanks like just
hearing you would have made me barf
that's what I cycle through that flu
quicker subsonic Bell who says Jack
favorite two-player board games
have you ever played The Rose King I
have not to play a board game time
Barrens is a good one okay I've been
picking up this thing called
called hex bug okay it's a two-player
it's like it's basically like a
different version of chess strategy
board game okay and two-player though
that's tough
what was the what's the dragon game
that's a pretty good two-player game
what's the dragon egg game that's a good
two-player game give me a second
give me a second drag and question
number 16 game sausage toes for 40
motherfucking months in a row says tip
by 40 hive that's what it's called not
Hexbug a hive Thank You Colonel rich
mustard there's a game called hive and
that's like chess with bugs 95 that's a
dragon game firing dog poop zel hacker
had to drag an egg game what's it called
psyche or games blue fuels left over my
beefcake for 41 motherfucking months in
a row snow cones watering cats or
suicide ball Lube lengthy poop stories
and Star Wars Lorraine we're back to our
regularly scheduled prereq and holy shit
we finally got Diddy Kong shocked emoji
there's a game called Red Ranger no fuck
just listen James Farr says thanks as
always guys have a great evening
you hatch trainings kraspo 37 there's
two players rich you can play up to like
four 502 but it has a really decent
two-player game as well midnight heroes
29 fucking
a row Jodie's scarecrow says invent your
own curse word see if it catches on yeah
I got it
what it's called underlings of underwing
that's great monster and ping Dill's who
says how is it that jack is so right
about literally everything
follow one question does Jack know what
sarcasm is hello thank you for
subscribing would really appreciate it
but before I hit end yeah
and really you're probably gonna thank
me Alexa play jeopardy Alexa has a
Jeopardy game