Borne to be Wild (Pt 2)
March 25, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qhlyeRjojK8

back with him to cainhurst castle it was
there that the first of the inhuman
vilebloods was born the vilebloods are
fiendish creatures killing him gives you
the best big dumb weapons oh the wagon
wheel
what's the wagon oh if I use just a big
fucking wagon wheel it's really just a
big fucking wagon wheel oh yeah yeah
it's literally a giant fucking wagon
wheel on your arm it's just a wheel it's
just a big fat wheel and it's comically
big I would like that but I'm doing a
hammer run next to the next run I'll
kill jack once you see the wheel you
might change your mind
maybe I'll get it later which is looking
up this wheel to see if I should kill
this dude what's it called chap what's
the actual name cuz I'm just gonna call
it the wagon wheel
I mean we're kind of doing a hammer run
this time and I have my hammer all all
leveled up and everything just it's a
real it's an you shove it people's face
you know I guess when you said wagon
wheel I don't know what I was picturing
I'm not but that sure is just a big ol
wagon wheel maybe next runned all right
I'm doing it I'm doing all right I'm
doing a hammer run though that is very
funny if I kill if you kill him earlier
can you get that like in your first
meeting it possibly cuz that might be
I've never tried to kill him early I
assume you get it I guess I get his bed
I've never killed him like I you know I
do the cainhurst thing with him
this is this is Jack's playthrough I
can't tell him what to do he doesn't
want to kill the guy he wants to do the
quest well it's uh I I don't care you
know this this playthrough I don't you
don't care I don't care about the quest
so much as I as I care about like I've
made a dumb rule in my head that I'm
doing a hammer only run and that's just
like the rule in my head and so I'd like
what if you kill him yeah I don't have
to use it you don't have to use it but
you kill him you get the badge you go to
the hunters dream just buy it and you
run around a hunter's dream with it okay
you're gonna feel see there we go now
you're talking
now you're talking good I feel for the
wheel yeah and our movement has a slogan
no feel for the wheel
pretty good with that hammer jack I got
a whole hammer thing happening here dick
I always forget that like when the
hunters and beasts heal themselves it's
like hey you're not supposed to be able
to heal yourself oh he did it he did the
move oh I was so close to have a full
charge I got greedy there is this a
mini-boss no this is a betrayal
technically yeah stamina stamina
my god oh my god but let's go let's just
go examine the wheel I think there's
there's a lantern down there coming up
let's go look at the big dumb wheel you
do have me intrigued that it is actually
just a wheel just a big wheels I I you
know there there's that weapon in the in
the DLC that's like the saw blade right
it kind of looks like a wheel but it
comes on a stick and it's like a saw
blade but what you've shown me is
literally just a wheel so now I have air
at least the chat needs to see this true
blue review and this is a question for
your jacket okay so hey guys I want to
get more video editing editing
experience okay I was wondering what
would be good practice I've been editing
down other channel streams to 15 minute
videos anything else you'd recommend
well it all depends on what you want to
edit you know like just learning the
software I think that's great you know
taking two hours and trying to find the
good 15 minutes that'll get you data you
know learn the shortcuts learn you know
the export procedures learn all that but
if you want to get into actually editing
scenes together you need that raw
footage you know you need the wide shot
the the close-up to close up the
exterior shot resources online you can
just find raw footage there there is
there's like stock websites that will
give you a bunch of stock footage for
free yeah you can just play around with
but kind of the best thing to do is
shoot shoot your stuff shoot your own
stuff okay and you know whether whether
you know you just shoot a simple scene
with yourself and your cell phone like -
that'll just help you learn pacing like
write yourself a little scene like you
know a man walks into his house sits
down at the table and eats a bowl of
cereal
just you know just to kind of teach you
the pacing of how a scene works assuming
that you want to edit scenes you know
like it all depends on what you want to
make oh look at that pile of bones I
love this game there's just a pile of
bones all right what surprises do we
have waiting for us here in the
forbidden woods mix iam 1:20 says hey
guys since you're a replaying
blood-borne yeah any chance of replaying
Dark Souls 3 I know you don't prefer the
medieval setting but Dark Souls 3 adds a
ton of the charisma from blood-borne
thanks guys
I never said I wasn't going to touch it
again I'm like at some point I don't
know when I might just go through the
whole Soul series that's you know that's
what I'm thinking after after I get
through Dark Souls remastered I could
see that as a real possibility is going
through the whole Soul series but I I
know it didn't land for me no none of
the Dark Souls really landed for me
after blood-borne but I might feel very
differently after where's the lantern is
it over here yeah it's over here after I
play through Dark Souls 1 which I'm
waiting for the switch version 4 that's
fire
and I'm only waiting for the switch
version four because I can see myself
wanting to play that mobili here we go
here we go
Alzheimer penguin says hey rich jackals
hi murmured penguin yep Jack the
two-handed hammered charged art to
attack has an art to follow up that
sends certain enemies flying yeah we
were doing that earlier like this one
this and then we have full so this in to
move oh god that looks awesome that's
actually probably a good excuse to up my
stamina though just to get that little
bit out okay
to uh to properly utilize that did I
come from here is are there more snakes
over here what's over this away I don't
think I want to go over here I just want
to go by that wheel I can take control
that's a that's an axe troll deed
McCarthy says do you guys hear they're
patching the Star Trek bridge commander
game to no longer require VR I'd be
smart of them also Hugo from the bottle
reloaded saw you name dropped them and
desperately wants to do a video with you
I'm gonna be shy regarding that rich
rich Evans represents red letter media
as a whole I'm the mascot I can't it
just can't no comment
doo-doo-doo-doo okay that was all that
was over there all right now I probably
have more than enough to buy the wheel
so let's go back to the hunters dream
and buy ourselves a wheel and see what
it does
rich my friends did something horrible
we watched to catch a Yeti
why why why would you do such a thing
all right let's see how much a big dim
look at this thing
yeah yeah it's just a wheel I don't have
the the archein oh no I need one more
arcane that's worth it well I see the
wheel I wanna see I'm gonna sell I'm
gonna get all my weapons back and I'm
gonna sell my weapons didn't I put all
my weapons in storage do you have any uh
blood gems five million bugs am i mean
at the what are they calling the blood
the things you crush and get echoes from
oh I might have some of those wait I put
all of my weapons in storage
did you accidentally sell them today
oh there we go I was looking in my
inventory not in storage I can get that
much for them I'll be something I might
have some some thingies okay okay and if
not I'll just go farm real quick all
right don't need the saw cleaver get out
of here don't need the sauce beer don't
need the rifle spear don't need a ton
night to Russ to nitrous that'll do me
I'll get me enough that'll be enough for
one more RKO let's see if I have any
nope I have a tear stone don't have to
crush the tear stone yeah it's in there
okay we need one more arcane boom joy
Conway says hi rich and Jack
we are watching all the way out in
Hamilton Ontario and want to apologize
for Geritol follies but we never know
what existed until you guys reviewed it
sending love from Canada right happy
Canada all right and would you look at
this you just hit people with a big dumb
wheel I know it's got you written all
over it you will love the wheel how did
I not know this existed what is it Oh
what is that it's just you know it's a
spinning big dumb wheel I think what is
that what does this it spins yeah but
why is it red what's happening I don't
know that's got a glow power one I think
you need to amend your hammer a little
just make it big dumb run think I'm okay
with that this is this is the most
ridiculous level wait someone explain to
me what the red does please because I'm
so confused what was the mood move said
slightly different when it's red well
yeah then then it turns that's
two-handed mode when it's red but I
don't know why it's glowing red it
probably says in the description is
there no kind of description page for it
someone's just saying arcane damage what
is that I don't know what the in
universe thing is but the damage you get
from your arcane stat what does that
mean it increases the arcane scaling and
reduces the strength scaling Oh
so you probably won't be using it no not
that you don't want you don't want to
fortify a shit out of that what god yeah
now you used all I like I have the
haunted wheel mode slowly hurts you but
also greatly increases damage based on
your arcane level okay look keep hitting
it was it keep hitting l2 when
transformed
okay all done I'm familiar with the will
I never played around with that much oh
that brings your help down but but
that's good yeah okay well yeah I'll
never be using that like look at this
it's a wheel
I gotta get my gun back out now well I'm
gonna I'm gonna farm for some shit here
and practice with my wheel I gotta I
gotta do some wheel practice l missed
whip and I love it
blood-borne can get away with this
somehow they say I don't know give him a
wheel it's almost like a wheel yeah just
a wheel with a handle on it yes just a
wheel oh look it has a he's got a little
handle I'm disappointed I really thought
he was just holding the inside of the
rim let's see what this bad boy does
that's pretty good link I mean it also
helps that I'm you know I've scaled
incredible for strength they say if you
level up your arcane the the evil wheel
mode is devastated sure sure I'm on a
strength run though yeah Jags been he's
been specking strength so for my for my
big dumb hammer mode that's not bad
charged
huh was that charge no this is our one
Oh huh that's good
that's decent you know killing that dude
not such a bad idea
I didn't care about that dude anyway Oh
more totem in the shadow says a wheel
double wheel a wheel the wheel double
wheel
nice nice not a weirdo man that's some
fine punny goodbye
come up
denk chain says hello rich comics have
never quite clipped I've like the
classic graphic novels Watchmen Dark
Knight Rises etc but nothing further
what am I missing
what do you get out of them I haven't
been into a comic book store in a decade
so I'm gonna say nothing if I could if I
could pitch for the entirety of the
comics industry yeah
it's its story and art like that's it
it's it's it's it's the what do you call
that and when you're planning out a
movie its storyboards for movies it's
just dynamic art and interesting stories
that's great I mean it's no big hammer
but it's great madam says do you guys
like Freddy got fingered as much as
Susan and Mike I've honestly I've never
seen it I also have never seen it
I have never seen it I was even unaware
that Mike and J liked it so much MC
Lucas's you should grab the gold our
deal helmet that the badge unlocks to
then try sliding down a ladder you're
welcome do you hit your head I have no
idea I would imagine that's a thing
probably I'm gonna Majan it sparks or it
goes nope Wow excuse you how do you like
it how do you like it he just hit you
it's a big dumb thing yeah alright now
we got some potions now I'm a little
more used to this big dumb wheel I'll be
honest I don't know if I like it as much
as my hammer that's fine but everyone's
got everyone's having fun watching you
play around with the big dumb wheel well
we'll take the wheel into the forest I
always have my hammer yeah but we'll
take the wheel into the forest
it's I I guess you know like like I said
last time I followed that that other guy
threw his cane her storyline where he
you know he wants you to kill the Queen
yeah of cainhurst castle but you do
eventually get his badge for that yeah
way at the end sure sure but and then
you are warned you weren't looking for I
wasn't looking for a new weapon at that
point yeah your character is a shirtless
man carrying a giant wheel what a
beautiful video game in a dress
shirtless man in a flowy dress carrying
a giant wheel as a weapon technically
you're not wearing a dress you're
wearing a skirt that's true I'm wearing
a sucker dresses the full outfit rich as
usual is correct as usual correct
asshole that's all we can ask for to the
woods I prefer a pantless man myself
that doesn't have the same effect that's
you know then you're nude and that's a
whole different thing I just want to be
shirtless
all right here we go first one to die
hi blue skidoo' says just saw I love
dogs
free cute and just gorgeous to look at
are either of you fans of Wes Anderson
if so any favorites of his ultimately
any favorites for 2018 films keep up the
good work I haven't seen many films this
year but a bit out of touch him a bit
behind how do you feel about Wes
Anderson I was with them for a while
yep you know Bottlerocket comes out and
you go ooh this guy's got something
going for him then Rushmore hits like a
bomb and that style huh be careful
because in film terms bomb oh you're
right no like a broken leg I hits like a
it was it was a unique style once once
he hit Rushmore and then life aquatic -
was that him yeah but before before that
it really like fell into place I feel
like for the Royal Tenenbaums
I haven't seen them how beautiful
in fact I like to the Royal Tenenbaums
so much I haven't seen a Wes Anderson
movie since that's that's silly I know I
know it's very silly but what happened
was I kept seeing the previews for his
movies and in my head I go oh I get it
like he's it's just he found his style
yeah and now I'm sure the stories are
great I'm sure it's all beautiful but to
me it all looks the same
okay so I no longer have any interest to
see his movies okay I'm sure they're
beautiful although I did see the first
half of the fantastic mr. Fox which I
hated wholeheartedly
I hated it so much I stopped watching it
hey that was his other stop-motion okay
animated movie okay despite I hated
fantastic mr. Fox like really I was so
bored but now I mean you know I I like a
lot of I like I like the movies that
I've seen and then I didn't see any more
the off switch says I agree with about
how satisfying telling somebody to go
fuck yourself is I'm normally fairly
well-spoken but it lets me really break
out my Scottish accent sir rich gay fuck
yourself yeah ah to have an accent to
really accentuate those cusses who's got
the gun hi
Oh
davin ego two accents
I'm terrible at them all and all acts
pretty much all accents sometimes I'll
try Russian let's go
yellow I'm from Soviet Russia right go
fuck yourself
it's fucked but it's absolutely terrible
you're Russian yeah every accent I've
ever done it's uh it's a caricature you
know it's fine I think your Russian is
fine
do-do-do-do-do-do-do whenever i try to
do an accent it I'll fall out of it
sooner literally just just go away when
I'm in mid-sentence oh sure that's
normal Wow my Jersey accent you mean my
hey you crazy
we gotta okay installed these him
microwave ovens in that house over there
my microwave ovens custom kitchen
delivery AOE gotta goon
okay then the TV that's the way to do it
you play the guitar on the MTV you move
in refrigerators money for nuttin and I
always thought it was sex for free
because women throw themselves at rock
stars I guess it's supposed to be checks
for free checks I always thought it was
chicks I thought so too but I've been
corrected once I'm not sure who's right
how do these chicks for free make any
sense you make money for doing nothing
money for nothing checks for free that
for some reason that sounds like is it
officially chicks for free and the
person who corrected me was wrong
wait can we look this up checks for free
does not sound right even a little bit
its chicks for free officially yes okay
that I that I believe I want to believe
that like a spring co2 is the North
Atlantic accent though I don't know that
I'm good at it but I do it all the time
hey up there look you mister boy we've
got the we've got a show on the TV end
Oh tiny newspaper reporter voice that's
a good voice I gotta go get the scoop
good good that's it I think you do that
fine
that's a fine accent there wrench that's
probably the one I fall into the the
most frequently mm-hmm just silly enough
to be silly but you can still understand
what you're saying
all right
well I take the path first and then I go
follow the I follow the
the flowers right so I want to take the
path first what's in the path again
shit
I like the done Wilson accent personal
that's not an accent that's a character
do the difference yes there is a
difference
ah curmudgeonly old man that's just me
Wilson and beverage related well Don has
gone under many names in the past we've
established that his name seems to
change based on whim right
yeah yeah so I thought that's what I
thought when I come from now jack is
used to using the hammer I am and my
hammer is more built up and while the
wheel is fun I feel like the hammer is a
little more versatile the wheel is
interesting in that it is a goddamn
wheel look at this thing it's a wheel
but I'm used to the hammer I've been
playing with the hammer that was my
original intent with this run and is
what I've by Jack but we've we've looked
at the wheel the wheel is funny and now
we are back to hammer time bad good
stuff says I hated blood-borne when it
first came out but gave it another try
after last remote now I finally get it
thanks I'm also trying horizon zero dawn
again any chance of playing the horizon
zero dawn DLC I know when when I
streamed the DLC I spent the first like
so you did stream it thighs than done
I wash it I spent the first I want to
say like two hours of the stream just
getting to the DLC okay it kind of kind
of like like react lamenting myself with
the controls and then like I finally got
to do you see I probably only spent like
an hour so I streamed it a little i
streamed it a little bit
oh yeah that area okay look II the ops
which says also I know you're mocking
the wheel but Google breaking on the
wheel it is one of the worst way to be
executed pretty cool Easter Egg from the
developers oh okay you there second I
thought it's something but Google like
like Google's breaking the wheel like
this is a product I was confused but no
this is the thing apparently this is a
torture thing they've been Google
breaking on the wheel oh so like the
wheel is based off of a torture device
okay okay is what it sounds like to me
okay it's still very listen Kevin method
really look at it it's still very silly
that you just hit people with a big
wheel bronze bowls pretty bad for
execution the bronze bull bronze Bowl
okay
bronze Bowl literally a hollowed-out
bronze bull they would shove somebody
inside the bowl a bowl a bul-bul it was
a bronze statue of a bull that was
hollow they would they would shrimp
somebody in there light a fire under it
and then it would be like the screams
coming out of the Bulls mouth like the
bull making a call that was an execution
method oh that's that's horrible yes yes
that's genuinely horrible I know you're
alive brazen bull not bronze bull
whatever it's called it's bull that you
light a fire under with somebody inside
the bull when steam shot of the Bulls
nose
you knew the dude inside was cooked yeah
I think that was an aspect of it too how
horrid look back before back before
people had Netflix they were pretty
bored and they found some really really
horrific ways to entertain themselves
back before Netflix execution used to be
a method of public entertainment how
horrible the guy screams would go
through the bull's horns sounding like a
bull yeah I remember that part didn't
the guy who built it didn't they throw
him like the first person they threw
when there was him just to test it
gotcha so the Bulls for my you know
throw them in I mean someone's got to
test it out we don't want you building
this for our enemies by a book this has
got to be pretty sick throw men by the
way that's fair fair enough
or dead now
oh it's a fire the story is the king was
so disgusted by the invention and that
is why he executed the inventor ah that
does it but you can't do that then this
thing this thing I commissioned you to
build the building isn't really sick
we're throwing you in it but but if
you're throwing me if that means you
like it wait there's a fault to your
logic no you can't use it if you're
sickened by it
as great inventor didn't presented it to
the king that's not as funny look what
comedians here alright we try we're
trying to make this a joke because we're
trying to make uh some jokes uh uh you
know I also I also I also just like that
the idea that this person yeah in His
infinite wisdom it's like uh I have a
hobby I tinker with torture devices and
I am so proud of this one I'm going to
you know show my kid I got the thing for
you
like how many people did he have to talk
to to get up to the Kings like he starts
with like the chambermaid like hey look
at my inventions like oh I can talk to
someone
yeah I think you know what I think it's
kind of a grapevine thing you just talk
to one person yeah word gets around
quick that this is it this is weird Oh
outside or the bronze bowl that you you
you you cook people in but what I'm
saying is there had to there has to be
like there were some levels he had to
get through I'm sure in order to get to
the king right like some other people
had to say yes the king would like to
see this I think you just show up at the
door I mean you tell the guy at the door
I got this bronze bowl that you put
people in and then you cook the people
under the wing over the fire under the
bowl and then it makes sound like the
Bulls making a noise and then steam
comes out the mouth when he's dead I
think I think that word if they just go
straight to the king like this guy that
hey King
this guy's got bullets I think I think
this goes fairly quickly
alright what the fuck he's got a what
he's got a where he's got to know about
that and it's a Larry and he's not
presenting it to different people the
word of mouth spreads on its own until
it gets to the king sure sure but then
like then you have the utter hypocrisy
of the King saying that what a horrible
thing you've invented let's use it it's
good to be okay it's good
utter hypocrisy clothes clothes initial
reaction have had wait a minute bull mil
laughter's sure so I'm sorry I'm gonna
get pedantic on you that's fair okay I
have the tonsil stone now now when the
thing grabs me it takes me to the that
was the whole purpose
you have to do this dogs cuz you come
out later if I don't do this dr. smoke
trees is saying in the chat
it wasn't an execution but in Japan a
scientist received a lethal dose of
radiation and they wouldn't let him die
they did everything they could to keep
him alive for over a month just to study
the effects of radiation poisoning look
up in the same vein look up the demon
core the demon core that's a thing that
happened in science it was a yes you've
a chunk of was a ring it was a chunk of
some kind of highly radioactive material
that through various accidents just
happened to kill like ten people or
seven people where well didn't kill some
of them just got cancer later on in life
but they lasted for a while but there's
there's an infamous chunk of plutonium
out there there was a scientist he was
showing off they had like a Geiger
counter and they usually they I think
they're supposed to use these machines
like lower and slowly yeah
but he's he was being a show-off and he
was just like instead of using the
proper equipment he had some friends he
was just doing it with a screwdriver
look look how close I can get before the
lethal radiation reaction happens with
these two things touching and he fucked
up he slipped caused a horrible accident
shout out a bunch of radiation and this
guy had to know he got a lethal dose of
radiation but he was a scientist that he
had the presence of mind to like just
start writing things down like where's
everybody standing we're gonna mark this
down close the proximity and this is the
amount of radiation you got and what a
fuckup
I want to do that wait what a fuckup the
demon core was a piece of plutonium okay
and then there was an entirely different
accident where it killed other people
it's kind of like the the chunk of
radiation equivalent of Christine the
killer car look why was waiting for it
not to be the killer car Christine you
know what sort of scientific thing is
Christine oh no it's the Stephen King
movie I'm not I'm not talking about a
movie I'm talking about something in
real life this chunk of plutonium killed
enough people that they gave it a
nickname the demon corn
but this is this is all real life this
is not movie the demon core is not but
Christine is Christina's yes it only
killed two people I think did a number
of those people get cancer like you know
decades later or you get cancer and
still counts it's probably linked No
and and the the interesting thing is
it's see two peoples one thing but it's
just two different unrelated accidents
demon no I came from that way there were
two demon core events had killed eight
in the second one okay
I saw you I saw you out of the corner of
my eye you dink getcha getcha getcha
getcha getcha now you come on come here
bap bap how the hell do you figure all
these quests and hidden shit
I played fifteen hours now and all I've
been doing is punching monsters with
leveled up starter weapon that's where
you start and then you talk to people
and then you attempt something and then
you see someone online do something you
go how do they do that in in the age of
the internet yeah you can afford to have
some obscure shit yeah you can afford
that because people are just gonna the
information is gonna find its way out
there anyway yeah no but you know what
it just going through this game you talk
to enough people you start figuring shit
out and then if they're if you know if
you see another hunter with them with a
neat weapon you go what is that weapon
yeah you look it up online you you
figure out how they got it nothing wrong
with that people in the chat are upset
that the demon cord did not fit all of
it
later upset because it didn't did you're
saying it didn't kill ate the second
event well you know what maybe if it had
an assault rifle
rich people got so mad at us for you
like that on our own says guys can I get
your best skateboard kid joke kitty
uh-oh one says hey guys last stream I
tipped a joke that someone said earlier
in the stream how do I get through the
shame of being second to a joke how do I
live with this humiliation I don't know
what time n your I don't know how you
live with something like that they
tipped a joke that somebody said earlier
in the stream oh you got a you got
credit shit you know you should you
should know that spontaneous creation is
a is a naturally occurring phenomenon it
happens all the time
and you know you just have to be okay
with it you gotta you gotta go with it
I don't know what to tell you about
tipping the same Joker yeah you know how
to deal with that dr. Liu without half
the drop down there I guess I do
well I could drop down here to dr. Lu
bit up since I guys hi Zardoz best of
the worst material or better than that I
watch it a year or two ago and found it
oddly compelling it had some neat ideas
bizarrely executed you seems or knows
I've not ever I've not seen it either
Zardoz are dolls is if for those who
don't know that's the famous Sean
Connery movie where he's wearing the
diaper and it has the big stone head and
it's what's the famous phrase from
Zardoz I know about the big stone head I
don't know the phrase the phrase is like
respects the gun protects the cock or
something like that right really the
penis right what is it someone will know
it okay
what's the the penis is evil is that it
the gun is good the penis is evil that's
like a real phrase from the movie the
gun is good the penis is evil that's
something I haven't watched and I'm not
gonna go out of my way - because it's
conceivable it'll end up on best of the
worst it might be too big it might be
too famous the best of the worst
so I don't know but I haven't seen it
fuck you fuck you madman says hi reg hi
jack
hi which of the enemies in doom 2016 did
you hate the most
and what was your favorite weapon did
you bother with any of the extra
objectives or look for secrets are there
extra objectives I did look for secrets
I don't remember extra objectives that's
what I'm trying to think of extra
objectives is that just the tip just to
confuse this just a bit just to make us
go play doom again I'm ok with that
I need an excuse to buy it on PC because
I played it on X when back when I had an
Xbox one I played it on the x1 so I I
have not had the full doom experience
favourite weapon oh my god
well the Gatling guns always fun
the fucking railgun it's not called
agogo but it's effectively a railgun is
insanely fun is that the machine gun no
no that's the big the big comically
large cannon that it's got the two
little Forks on it and it shoots a big
blue beam out that devastates everything
in its path got the Gulf's rifles in it
ok
I love the assault rifles mini missile
upgrade oh yeah I mean the assault rifle
is good just on its own that's just a
classic assault class yeah just I had a
good feel to it though like oh and the
assault rifle had the musical thing to
it to where it's like every time you
would hit the trigger the guitar what
did you keep I fucking love that assault
rifle yeah nope
basically there's a lot of good weapons
in the new doom shotgun all the way I
mean the shotguns fine it's not my
favorite weapon in the new doom classic
doom shotgun all the way you do I
preferred the assault rifle that fucking
Gauss Rifle the and I forget I you know
there's so there's so many good guns in
it you just forget all of them once once
you got the ruin were like if you think
your health or armor were enough you
wouldn't use em Oh
that's great that was great okay I
remember this segment now there's a
cannon right there's a cannon at the end
of this he's gonna start shooting at me
why isn't Jack spending his soul cuz I'm
not near a lantern there you go
for those who don't know every time you
you go you use a lantern or Die all the
enemies respawn and I'm not near a
lantern at the moment so even though I
have a lot of souls and I can level up
if I did that it would mean going
through this whole section again and I
have enough help files and I'm pretty
sure I can make it even though now I'm
at the cannon part I don't remember the
cannon part that well was the original
doom for almost completed before they
cancelled it I I don't know but it
looked it looked bad it looked blah at
best watch if you haven't seen it if
you're a fan of doom or just a fan of
behind-the-scenes video game development
yeah watch the no clip doom documentary
it's good and they talk about the
scrapped doom 4 they talk about how far
they were in development and what caused
them to stop but I don't think they were
that far sneaky sneaky I don't think
they were that far but they actually go
into why they scrapped that game
okay great doing great we're doing great
I know I'm just the first part of the
question which enemies in doom did you
hate the most
I didn't hate any of them yeah they were
all fine they're all fantastic I don't
know what what they mean by hate
probably like which annoys you the most
but no they were fighting really the
some of the bosses were a little
underwhelming but a fine distraction and
I think for a first-person shooter the
bosses weren't that bad no they were
just you know it wasn't like a lot of
times the the bosses were less fun than
just the massive arena yes for the boss
I will agree with that and so then it
was it was almost like a like a breather
like a step down from the arena battle
flaming skulls are the worst and they're
not that many of them
not with us it's the torture industry
and the Dark Ages like the film industry
no was the brazen bull guy their version
of Tommy Wiseau
no the brazen bull guy was the
equivalent of let's see here
Apocalypse Now was what was the infamous
uh the guy I made the deer hunter what
was his follow-up to the deer hunter
that was infamous oh I don't know what
was that what was that called that's the
equivalent Heaven's Gate yeah it's just
an ambitious failure he put it all out
on the line
the brass bull guy I really reached deep
no one wanted him to but he did what he
did
nope not the colt this is a movie that
happens to have that name I don't think
he ever shot the cannon at me I mean I'm
not disappointed but strange
anonymous says look up SCAF ISM the
victim is forced to drink a mixture of
milk and honey tied to a boat and
floated on a stagnant pond the shit and
vomit would attract insects death would
come slowly is that like Zen things so I
bury people in ant hills see I swear
torture was just what they had for
entertainment back then sometimes it
seems like this is what people do
without TV and cell phones it's not good
whatever happened to suicide cults now
we just get mass shootings yeah you
don't if someone's gonna get shot in the
head I prefer to be someone who actually
wants to get shot in the head I mean who
can disagree with that
Heaven's Gate I mean it's sad I'm not
ready for a snake again it's sad but
it's really it's really not the most
depressing thing in the world I don't as
as far as I know there's no evidence of
anyone in the Heaven's Gate cult being
forced to kill themselves not like like
Jonestown yeah where they really didn't
have an option Jonestown is horrific
Jonestown if you don't know is the
famous cult run by Jim Jones and was it
something like thousands was a 10,000
could've been as much as that but as
thousands of people were forced to drink
kool-aid laced with cyanide and it's the
the origin of the phrase don't drink the
kool-aid
yeah and didn't like Jonestown had like
children well yeah yeah the the poison
was forced down the children's mouths
yes yeah like that was kind of parents I
think in some cases fucking right
fucking hell
plug in heck
but the drink was actually flavor aid
and you know what flavor aid had a very
wise PR department kool-aid it was
definitely kool-aid totally 100%
kool-aid that they drank over there
that's what the flavor aid people were
saying did flavor aid go out of business
soon after no because everyone says it's
kool-aid
don't forget Waco Texas
all those people burn well there's some
debate over who actually set those damn
fires that's true look at this game
oh that's where we see the bugs that's
where we see the bugs later do you
remember the bugs
I remember the bugs oh you mean the fly
people yeah yeah lady this game ROM roms
over there all right where we going
we're going up here let's go oh we're
about to meet the madman yeah I'll
remember the madman he's crazy
we're gonna send him to ice ice yep
disgust me
I were a cult leader what would be it
might make my coke be about I have I
have no interest in in brainwashing
people I have no interested in starting
a cult I would not have a cold I would
have I would start a cult and my cults I
would start a cult about like being nice
to people and helping when people need
help
Dave weapon no what did I get guys what
did I just pick up and being nice to
people that would be my cult awesome
person in the chat if you are just now
finding out about Jonestown for the
first time evil do yourself a favor and
don't look up the last recorded audio
from Jonestown oh Jesus Christ do not
absolutely do not do that really don't
and I know you will but absolutely do
not do that look at this look at this
scene here everybody look at this scene
this right here is something that makes
blood-borne really special he's not an
enemy we can't earn you know we could
kill him right now if we wanted to I
could just hit him with my hammer and
that would be it he's obviously hurt a
bunch of people yeah but I can't lock on
to him you know you can't do oh I know
what I can do oh yeah I'll set this up
for something maybe someone doesn't know
blood fair enough fair enough and so I'm
just setting the space here and so like
everything in blood-borne is an enemy
but you can't lock on to them so you get
maybe close enough to do your finishing
move because like you know think
blood-borne sets up really well is if
you hit an enemy from behind yeah you
can do a special finishing move and oh
you can talk to them
you're fairly normal he says to the
person wearing a dress with a giant
hammer so yeah we've been sending people
to her you know they say there's two
possible safe havens there's the clinic
and the chapel the chapel is where I've
been sending people you send him to Odin
Odeon oedon chapel you couldn't fight
him before he starts killing anyone oh
yeah in the chapel then you get a battle
but I mean outside he hangs out outside
I don't I think this is a nice little
detail I think he can go in because of
the incense oh he hangs out outside yeah
but it's not a real battle look at him
you kidding I'm there I didn't do the
battle with him yeah is it a battle huh
you know is it a real battle hit him
yeah no I have a ton of oh you have a
ton of lot of those don't hit him okay
but I might consider just for the heck
of it sending him to oedon chapel and
then hitting hitting him cuz it takes
him a while to do any damage well before
he starts killing anyone I don't want to
risk it I've said I'm gonna be fun okay
well then I'll do it thank you I'm
pretty close to a lame thing and then
I'll head over there spend my blood
echoes and go fight him okay punch in
blood cocktail yeah it's after you beat
a boss yes you I guess you have until
after you beat a boss okay someone else
is saying he kills immediate I don't
recall that being the thing I remember
him hanging out of the church in front
of the church when I fought him and
everyone was still around
unless I'm just miss remembering what's
happened it's happening oh you got the
cannon over here to get the cannon let's
down here
it's right there right okay I think it's
right down here yeah there is
I can't use it I probably don't have the
arcane but I do have the strength what
do you need to use the cannon let's oh
no I oh no I need 30 strength but I'm
close yeah I'm really close yeah I
counted the bitch birthday with the
stance I'm very close to being able to
use the cannon so that the cannon
actually yeah plays really nicely with
my current strength build what is that a
thing no yeah I think I'm actually just
about to get the
to get the unlock in this area incognito
one says did you know that you can Goss
jump similar to rocket jumping in doom
2016 used to get a mix collectible and
one miss collectible in one level also
broke the final level by retrigger
invisible wall load I think I knew that
I don't think I did it much but I think
I knew that right this is where I came
in
oh shit now I'm lost their way isn't
there an elevator around here somewhere
Shawn killed that guy already I thought
the elevator was around here somewhere
uh uh snake head guy look at him look at
him
no stay out of their goddamn snake head
guy just just get that shortcut well I'm
looking for it I don't see it and
elevators over here but I can't call it
I'm trying her word is right it's it's
in here I don't have to fight with it
you might have to get past the snake I
there's another one over there yeah I
think there's nothing in here across the
snake Mansbridge all right
that's the Rick dog goddamn stickman
it's not too late you can get them back
I can get him back I got all the way
there but but I mean do you know how far
back I have to go I know I know so long
I know it's a long run oh I know I'm Way
too fuck back here where is the snake
man take anonymous I kind of want to
address this but I also don't want to go
back into politics like the last week
yay if if you were hurt by anything I
said in that discussion I will apologize
for your being hurt by it but I don't
want I don't want the shitstorm again
god damn it you're an adult I can't say
oh yeah I can't stop you from doing
anything I can't stop you from doing
anything if I tried
easy-peasy japanesey so speaking of
cults yeah rich have you heard of the
Rajan Nishi they tried to create
biological weapons and take over local
towns pretty crazy stuff well that's and
that craziness the nature of the cult
that's kind of what makes coats of cults
is the crazy absolutely I don't want to
miss the bag man over here I want
nothing get in my way
I think Jack I already talked to the Red
Lantern guy over here I did I did talk
to the Red Lantern guy I got the thing
that I needed to get from the Red
Lantern guy I got the the piece of the
thing and the thing all right this is
where I was not the worst not the worst
run but are we sure I need to get past
the snake man
I appreciate you are is he turn the
other way there's a facing you
Thank You phases man
oh you're a snake man you're a snake man
no die snake man the fear was real yes
the one got me oh good my Bloods there
we did good jack
you did good you did run past us open
the shortcut but then again if you die
while you're past him right no run
fucking fuck all the snake man ah gosh
dang it it's in my head rich it's just
in my head I can defeat the snake man
it's just in my head I can get through
this I can get this
Wow all right
would you rather fried snake man or
shock ma chatte ma I have a big hammer
jacquimo is a tiny monkey I can deal
with shock ma I fight no snake man yeah
you talking in-game or in real life
shock MA all the way I would much rather
fight a tiny monkey by ear
it didn't shock my drive a tank wrong
monkey wrong monkey or ape
that's not shocked ma that's someone
else from a different movie dogs
sorry dogs ain't got no time for your
dogs
shit
okay take care you you all right okay
okay
nope nope nope nope nope nope none of
your shit
none of your shit hidden snake man get
out of town alright can you get your
echoes back without having the fight
you can't no they're right there they
were there it's very quick he said he's
on his way he's on his way
well puns about the cocktail punch of
blood cocktail is that going to distract
them
they're good I think that only works in
the blood will start at least not bad
jack oh well it didn't my punch and
blood cocktail didn't work but I was
able to Juke him oh I'm not a beast so I
guess that only works on beasts oh well
I'm the snake apparently does not count
as a be easier to be a beast
kill the Beast alright alright alright
we did it that's the important part and
then up here is the shortcut yes
set our other elevator
I've further shortcut you take that
shortcut to the other shortcut that was
the top of the shortcut it goes down
more oh yeah oh let's do it again I was
gonna get a badge from I forget the
details look at his fancy helmet I kind
of want that bucket head doesn't he knew
what the deal seemed oh he might be
excuse me sir can I get your bucket head
yeah I do believe he is new at the DLC
yeah I want to join the league he gives
you a spell to summon a snake from the
ground that helmet element take it you
know this works I'm gonna go to the
lantern first and then oh I get it
are you gonna come back after you go
behind yeah we got to try to get home a
little bit he's still talking
there's a Chad know if I can get his
helmet if I kill him I've never tried
but usually if you get a badge from them
they drop it
yeah he doesn't he doesn't drop the
helmet it's in the deal see the helmet
is that's what I'm reading I've never
tried killing him I don't know if he
drops a badge don't you buy things I
don't know I really don't know d okay I
have one person here saying no okay well
then then it's not worth it I just want
the helmet maybe I have to talk to him
more and it gets me the helmet he's
still talking he's still going monka
Potamus says all others pale in
comparison to bucket head I mean look at
him that's good that's good
pale hi here's the shortcut boom you
fucking Dinks
you to thank all of you Dinks alright
shortcut obtained bucket head bucket
I'll get the bucket someone look it up
someone look it up I want that bucket I
want to be bucket head shirtless with a
hammer
sure let's bucket head with the hammer
drop by vaults here the leader of the
league after the leader of the league
after consuming 5 vermin and speaking
with him reloading the area in any way
causes vaulter to disappear leaving
behind the helm in his place
they also say something about consuming
5 bourbon so so what I got to do it
vermin you gotta get vermin before you
speak to him once you get through I
think DLC shenanigans served online
multiplayer shenanigans if you go to
other people's worlds I think you can
find these things but you kill their
squish or collect and then you bring
them back to him I think cool I don't
know I might have accidentally upgraded
my cannon too much you can just kill him
and give the helmet
yep yep that's what we're gonna do well
yeah co-op boss kills getting from it
no well fuck that I'm just gonna kill
him get that
now shut your eyes strength
and skill and strength and strength and
now we can use the cannon
thank you I appreciate it
all right yeah so while you do the
chapel fight
what's the chapel fight the burger oh
fuck I really forgot about the beggar
you did it's okay I have a cannon now
all right chapel fight how does that can
of look with the wheel that's probably
that's probably a great look you are the
most ridiculous thing ever look at that
thing that's great all right enough
fucking around yeah yeah what's it
called please don't kill everyone please
don't kill everyone let's check all the
people we'll see if any of them are dead
well we'll know right away let's hope
you were right rich I'm blaming you if
they're dead I'm one of them do you
really care with this playthrough okay
no I'm not doing any of the yeah the
story's dead right I figured this isn't
your personal line but your own free
time playthrough it's fine but he's
mighty I am playing this on my own free
time but I was character right no I am
playing this belter my free time take a
point but I'm not like oh shit someone's
dead the guy oh yeah he was a jerk yeah
ah god damn it was a jerk
that guy's jerks oh I'm coming for you
first I got a kill Dinka oh no no dink
oh hey hey you kill that guy
now you killed that guy did that pants
have to be different I thought I
remember him not killing anybody at
least not a meeting well he didn't kill
anyone important we can still get the
third and Billick Accord right after
4:00 you can get don't you get one from
the boss one from iOS iOS what the fuck
what the fuck is a big thing I know he's
a big finish
Derek what you got the fight a big thing
why are you complaining
there's awesome technically you didn't
need to bring him here to do this you
could have had the fight near the
rooftop I'm okay bringing them here
yeah I figured you didn't want to lose
your blood echoes then oh oh you know
that you're not dead you can't choose
him I don't know if you want to I don't
think I'll follow you through the door
to the church oh sure
I got you know what I just kind of go
like I just got to do that to heal whoo
yeah there are four umbilical cords and
I think you only need three yeah you
only need three come here
lock onto them
get out get out he's fast and I don't
even think this has the honor of being
considered a boss fight I mean he has a
point he didn't eat that old guy first
he he he ate the people on the roof
he ate the people on the roof he ate the
dude you know what would really be
terrible is if you lost he ate someone
else
every time you walk every time you
obviously would eat someone else
I was seeking your echoes but I got
I should test up my cannon on him like I
want to test on my cannon uh not a boss
but right he has a challenge dungeon
boss and he's a bastard okay I haven't
played around the challenge dungeons
that much he is fast he's fast and he's
not big enough where you can kind of
like confuse him under his legs yeah at
least not enough to get him as a boss so
sure
oh I'm sorry
holy fuck I gotta play around with a
cannon more I thought it wouldn't be
worth that than ten fucking bullets but
Jesus fuck Oh
just gonna take a little trip in here
how do I get more bullets again how do I
do that
that's right dude to do two to five
that's cheese tacular look at that yeah
oh fuck he doesn't care
hit him with a poison knife if that
would have killed me fairly upset I
killed him with a poison knife oh it's
raining blood my bed
well great yeah Cruces beggars can't be
choosers
okay the noble Eskimo says you guys are
the best YouTube channels and the best
twitch streamers thanks for all the
entertainment you're welcome did he kill
the bagman out here - no bagman slinger
bagman still here I don't want to deal
with you right now well you know fuck it
I don't have to have any blood echoes
come here bagman remember before using
the cannon hit it with bone marrow ash
it obliterates okay man dead I mean
that's a lot of bullets though like you
get you only he don't think it like two
shots if you're lucky just got here did
you - seriously invite the fuzzy murder
man into your sanctuary we deliberately
for fun yes there was also a little bit
of confusion we didn't think he would
murder anyone yet and he only murdered
the guy we didn't really care about
anyway I thought we had some murder
buffer time yeah yeah as it turned out
he murdered them right away
and I'm really glad I did not fight him
on the roof because yes that would have
lost me all my blood echoes - - right
away and I was losing him to fucking
snakehead men rich lied to screw over
Jack's playthrough rich misremembered
and when when rich saw how many blood
echoes I had he wisely said don't fight
him here yeah yeah yeah I'm okay with
that so I'm okay with that I'm fine
everything's fine
how did vine sauce get that interview
with you guys oh he he asked us it's
really true he asked us and we found a
schedule that worked with us and that's
how all right