InSPIREation (part 2)
February 21, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1oRuprc7XiY

one like that too
I like both of these I like both of
these rich I am often at or below 50% of
my health mm-hmm that gives me a bonus
energy to spend it's really nice I've
never been necessarily out of energy but
you know having that having that extra
one out there you know oh that could
that could be the shield that I need to
survive right
yeah I'm not I know you don't
I'm not backseat gaming you on this I
know you I know you don't like barricade
I do have I will say callous eyes I will
say yeah it doesn't look like you have
enough shield cards to make barricade
worth it how many shield cards do you
have
oh right now I have you got you had jack
shit for defense
I got jack shit for defense which is
something I need to work on anyway so I
might as well have barricade so all my
defense hangs around but it's not going
to hang around because you don't have
enough defense for it to stack up well I
have this I can italicize three eternal
they're gonna be doing they're gonna be
doing at minimum in world 325 damage a
turn I know barricade is gonna be
fucking useless to you at this point
don't take barricade unless no no no no
unless I no no no everyone was upset at
me for not getting earlier I have just
made up for it I am putting my foot down
you're free that you were free to ignore
it absolutely okay so then the other the
other option here which is a real option
is feed which is if I use this as a kill
card I get three permanent max HP how
often to your max HP I think the clear
answer is berserk
but I'm not you I'm not you know we we
need we need to work together it's
because we need a win I'm saying berserk
all right I'm saying berserk that's
great I see that in the chat you're
talking a little bit about Black Panther
I have seen Black Panther by the way and
while it is a very good movie I don't
know if I'd put it even and I wouldn't
put it my top three I don't know if I'd
put it my top five it's good it's not
like the greatest yeah the Black Panther
yeah the way I put it I had very similar
problems to Black Panther that I had
with Thor Ragnarok and guardians of the
galaxy which is I don't necessarily care
about anything here huh you know like a
lot of Black Panther and he's the king
of Wakanda yeah it has to do with like
the struggle for the throne I don't care
who's the king of Wakanda I just don't I
just you know like it's the same with
Thor Ragnarok where it's like it's about
what you're like saving Asgard I don't
give a fuck about Asgard get out of here
right
but I liked Black Panthers he's a good
movie they did unlike Ragnarok and
unlike guardians I think Black Panther
did a really good job of simplifying the
grandiose King struggle but in any case
all right let's see I still haven't seen
it and honestly I still don't care that
and that's fine I don't think you have
to oh this is this is the worst I don't
even know why this exists gain one extra
energy but you can no longer see intense
oh yeah why would you ever want that at
the end of the turn you no longer disk
oh rich yeah I know
that's good that's a good thing that's a
good thing that's a good thing at the
end of my turn you no longer discard
your cards you just want one explaining
for the Yahveh oh yeah in case they
didn't see so I will now just grow my
hand which means that this fiend fire
car that I have will do mega fucking
damage all right let's think about this
it's also good with armaments
oh that's right when you've got nearly
all of the cards in your hand you use
that you upgrade the ball fuck rich your
deck is built a lot like the deck I had
when I lost on string oh I know
because because I'm gonna run in I'm
gonna run into that one enemy that
reduces all damage to one and I was
gonna sit there I'm gonna be fucked well
no matter what you have to deal with an
elite that is terrible here's an elite
every branch every branch yep
okay so what's gonna help a shop could
help question marks might help so
shopping question marks till we get to
the elite that's the plan I wait use a
fire yeah but there's no there's a fire
right after that one a lead there yeah
but what gets me the most fires if I
take this if I take this route that's
one - here's one - how many enemies are
ya a factor and how many enemies are you
fighting on the way alright question
marks 10 elite this is the plan for now
ah these fuckers
when you may as well
these fuckers
instead of watching black panther I'd
rather watch blade - yeah ladies great
no you won't get any argument with me
their blades here's a great movie
motherfucker look at these guys
oh I know look world 3 this game is just
blatantly not fair
right now they're not doing anything
special just the normal attacks combined
what is that 16 26 plus 8 is 34 34 34
out the gate 34 out the gate like what
good would you barricade do here no
nothing nothing good would do nothing
use your potion oh yeah i'vei've walk
suppose I could friendly fire one of
them no I mean he'll you know gaining
strength here will flex it up oh no I
can't off you can kill while you can't
now I can't man next turn
I get three extra Donnie I got it I got
it
but one has the ice-skating up a line
right
it's twice but I only have it's not a
good reason not to use the Battle of the
draw three cards one right there any
good reason not to use that you don't
lose these cards
it's cause
I mean everything's almost upgraded all
right here but I could get it upgrade
double tap I could but it won't matter
cuz once I use that and heavy blade I
don't even need to double tap heavy
apply again yeah use heavy blade on one
of them but searing searing blow and
double tap would kill one of them then
the next turn heavy blade would kill one
of them and then one of them's weak
because you got you got two turns to
kill them all before one response right
right if you get one of them weak enough
or you can kill them with any kind of
weak card then some combination of
double tap Tsering blade and heavy blade
you should be able to wipe them all out
we have within two charts well it's like
so what what I could do is I could use
heavy blade on this one cuz he's about
to attack and then that'll stop him
attack okay okay then I could use
re-weight wood shearing blade do the
trick to he's weak enough 28 he said no
no he's at 31 well would double tap it
would with double tapping yeah I could
double tap either way no if you want to
upgrade double tap now yeah yeah so I
could I could what I could do is I could
armaments I could heavy blade okay and
then wait so now he won't attack me
anymore because I've defeated him these
guys are gonna get shields but hopefully
we can do something maybe double tap
searing blow wait another turn use
friendly fire on the remaining one you
know
20 40 40 with double time but even
that's not enough
yeah and they're both gonna hit me so I
really I have to concentrate just on
taking out one of them or you could
defend this turn then I get five or I
get eight 18 I get 18 which isn't gonna
defend yeah no shit and I know this guy
will be back you gotta take out another
one okay so that's 60 okay so I can take
out this guy okay so you can't
- you know have enough energy a
motherfucker where my other energy go
use it on the spot weakness mother
fucker
this is only the first battle this is
the world battle of world through yep I
really think they need to rebalance this
game I genuinely I genuinely believe
that uh motherfucker flex is free at
least okay what are we doing here what
just just what are we doing okay we can
take out this guy with with a regular
strength that's one you have for energy
to use you have searing searing blow and
oh wait you don't know heavy strike
anymore it come up next you can you can
bash the one in the middle and then
searing blow would kill the one on the
left 25m searing below him yeah okay
alright alright
yeah shams wait wait wait wait wait wait
wait wait what would a normal stripe do
now wonderful yeah but you also got the
way no no no cuz the bash only applies
to the one you had never mind never mind
keep what you were doing all right now
we just have to take out this one which
is that's easy that can jump to any of
the cards
well fire fiend I'll just use fire fee
right just to you know what just to
really rub it in just to really rub it
in double tap it's actually no we won't
do anything I know if you're gonna go to
because there's no more cards to burn
that's true yeah harness another armor
well I don't know maybe with with the
way your hands set up now might not be
as useful right so I'll take that back
exhaust all non attack cards anything no
no
okay shop hey friend Dib this thing has
you know it's it's tricky as hell but
it's come in handy a couple times
whereas every tenth attack deals double
damage this could be good yeah this is
playing the odds but a random card in
your hand costs zero look for the rest
of calm yeah that could be really
helpful it could be I donate that card
it could also just be jack shit I could
do shit for me alright card you get
seven black exhaust
thunderclap yeah did you guys care about
halo when Bungie was at the helm no no
no I'm playing though FPS for the
fucking gamepad
oh yeah
look my love bird says Hollywood could
start releasing two films at once same
story different sides let's say Batman
and Joker's perspective of a bank heist
we can emphasize of both plus you would
have to watch both movies yeah yeah I
guess they could do that I don't know
that I'd want to see the same movie
twice it's just from perspectives I
don't know what I would pay to do that
it could be me but what might be a
better ideas just to make to like halves
of the movie from the same perspective
you know that way you don't have to this
is there for hours that's like an old
sitcom trope there was a next generation
episode like that Oh probably where they
used the holodeck remember the Riker was
accused of a crime and then they used
the holodeck to do crime scene
recreations and then they had like
Rikers version of the recreation the
accusers version of the recreation Oh
another madness Oh No fuck
I'd rather heal I could get another
madman get to madness cards and there's
11 HP HP right now so we're gonna heal
and take a stupid card which really
doesn't matter at this point because I
get all my cards all the time CT CT tu
148 since I guys should be getting ready
for an interview with a German
university tomorrow Here I am being
distracted by you
yay what are your favorite artsy fartsy
foreign films
you're the best I have that much
experience with artsy fartsy foreign
films Run Lola Run wasn't bad
speaking of the same story from
different perspectives even though it's
the same story from different times but
similar it's a very similar yeah that's
good the happiness of the cat Icarus is
I don't really even know if that would
count as an artsy fartsy but that's the
that's the like Japanese horror musical
it's beautiful
I'm sure there's more it's they're hard
to think of it does Hot Fuzz help not as
earn Seaford see the not very artsy
fartsy they're not fantastic foreign
film
agreed
right now
Smasher
because he gains strength every turn so
the important thing is just defeating
him as quickly as possible I'm gonna
take some hits - thanks for the tip I
just I don't want to go down that route
politics and movies not interested huh
farted says hey rich I'm about a third
of the way through season two of TNG I
really like the doctor Pulaski
I said the they put that's B in there
the doctor Pulaski if you guys could
pick from any Star Trek show who would
be most useful to you for your crew
wasn't the answer usually just data yeah
this is the best at everything at
everything all the time well that well
not being on camera like he'd be a
terrible like like best of the worst
panelists would me well maybe not no you
would he wouldn't he would act he would
access all past episodes and
mathematically figure out what audience
like using YouTube analytics he would be
able to mathematically figure out like
what part of each of our personalities
got the most laughs okay and and hone in
on okay wait we got some decisions to
make here well you got though we got
demon form again iron wave seven block
seven damage you know not the worst
budget I've been you know going super
super attack but I already have other
super attacks and so does this really
help no me demon Formica and you
shouldn't listen to me because I dyed it
every time I get the world three I just
get and I might
Chett saying iron weave but come on it's
world three they're doing 58 damage to
turn what the fuckin block is gonna do
have seven blocks have an attack that's
crapped right yeah it's crap alright
here it is here's our first big
challenge an elite oh oh this is the guy
this is the fucker
this is the fucker right here he's about
to make it so he he only takes one
damage instead of all my fucking damage
fuck this is it lasts forever
can you just survive can you focus we
don't have much to focus on defense
right it lasts like two turns oh fuck so
fucked this is it
you tried I tried
intangible areas so now for the next
turn for this entire turn all damage is
reduced to one and he's about to do 18
damage too before this term for this
term yeah I think it only lasts one turn
so for this turn I can defend I can
strengthen and I can use my madness
madness you might get a free use on
heavy blade which or or friendly fire
right sure so let's use that because we
don't want to waste it on that and let's
use that because we don't want to waste
it on that so I got a free friendly fire
all right now he's gonna hit me
I hit him back so that's good I'm not
the worst not the worst of the worst see
this that's bullshit
that's just that's utter a horseshit
you're dead no no no hold on Tanna a
tenant pays one two three four five six
okay I'm done with that that doesn't
hurt at all okay one two three four five
six seven eight I can do 80 damage and
you're still dead I can do 90 damage
still dead I can gain two strength and
maybe that oh no I'm dead why they think
it's fair that they do as much as much
as forty damage one hit I'm absolutely
good somebody can have that but shield
to put up right I want to love this game
but there's a lot I think it's just
utter bullshit I could okay if I gained
you might be able to last term but then
you'll be dead next to her pretty much I
could use metallus eyes how much damage
is your heavy blade doing right now 23
but I could flex I could flex in a
little bit more okay so here here's my
here's my stay the night plan hear me
out
yeah you do have a revive that's true
oh that's right I do have a revive
that's what's gonna get me through this
here's my plan
yeah to stay the night three block yeah
five block is eight that gets me to 41
and you have one more block to give if
you want to do to use that what does
double tap plus heavy blade and plus
fiend fire do for your Flex double tap
heavy blade fiend fire one you're doing
so many using so many cards you really
lessen the value of that fiend fire yeah
remember everybody every card is worth
ten if you burn three cards before you
use fiend fire right then that's that's
thirty less damage fiend fire is gonna
do
and well but I mean heavy blade is doing
23 so that's 46
so that's 46 but then that burns too so
then we've lost 60 that's still not
enough okay so let's do the math what's
okay let's actually do the math all
right do we have a we don't have a
calculator doing
okay let's action and I have a potion
that will do 10 damage to him okay we
might be able to do this this term okay
we might or we might be able to stay the
stay for one more time I understand but
if we could not use our lizard tail and
kill him though even I have enough
defense to last one more hit to last
till ass the 40 hit okay okay I got my
calculator so he's got 136 start with
that 136 loose - heavy blade is 23 times
2 from the double tap is 46 136 minus 40
steps that gets him to 90 90 we have 90
health then fire fiend fire 1 2 3 4 5 60
well we cuz we're gonna be - double tap
here
yeah and heavy blade so another - over
60 he still got 30 left yeah all right
the double tap and fiend fire won't work
because double tap works by burning
through your cards then when you go to
use the double tap and fire fiend it's
zero cards right you do you do your one
wave and then it goes to burn your next
hand of cards and you don't have an X
and cards well then there's also the 10
from the potion that get us to the what
we need to kill them of course because
if we won one thirty six minus forty six
equals ninety minus sixty equals 30
minus ten equal ease at twenty well I
think the 23 on the heavy blade is with
its strength multiplication though like
well yeah yeah that's that's the
strength occupation so we can we can get
him down to we can get him down to
thirty health yeah or twenty health we
can get him down to twenty health with
the potion and then and then we have to
hope that next round and then what next
round we got we got a bash and a strike
mmm-hmm maybe maybe oh no I think we
only have five cards lat oh no but I
only get four now because of my pyramid
yeah so maybe then if I get a bash and a
strike then maybe we can make it to the
next round to get and you know what I'm
saying or okay here's other option I
know you don't want to get them down to
just that thirty health laughs all
you're gonna be left with our bashes and
strikes that's suicide too I think I
think your plan of just defending and
surviving this turn yeah oh yeah because
once these gets shuffled and then I got
burned shuffled so what I could do rich
is three plus five is thirteen block
keep in mind that's well cuz you're
gonna get okay
yeah thirteen block gets me to 46 which
means you have six I'll have six left
after he attacked
wait no next turn he's gonna be on the
defense and next turn he well next turn
he's going to use his potion so I'll be
able to hit him next to be able to hit
him next to her you sure you're sure yes
but then the turn after that I won't be
able to okay but then he'll hit me again
and I only have six health right it's
simple across the strings use two blocks
and one attack so if I get ten use two
blocks and now I could use two blocks
and what if I use two blocks not the
worst thing I've ever heard I've heard
two blocks is your your - yeah normal
defense you've made two normal defenses
and then attack him with a strike with
just a regular strike yeah see what we
can do here I want to keep this in my
hand I understand cuz that's that sort
one you're gonna do the major damage
that's for the feed fire yeah
well it's with a heavy blade what the
heavy blade one for the Flex
oh sure sir
maybe this isn't remote this isn't
remotely fair
oh no and this is this isn't the final
boss this is a mid-level elite I know
okay so now I get a free turn oh wait
how is he wait he's intangible already
yeah fuck that okay then we have we have
one Cirque Berzerk berserk
great
and then armaments don't use armaments
what's coming up in your hand
I um I know spot weakness which won't do
it good and then you know maybe I can
get searing over no I think if we're
gonna use our mannan armaments you use
it yeah use it now yeah on the turn what
it doesn't matter
yeah motherfucker how do you go right
from hitting to intangible it's alright
I thought I thought it took him one one
time to do is to do a spell it's all
right do I'm italicized
no cuz it won't matter cuz like that
just that's that's worth more to me as
the as ten extra damage see this is why
the game is good it makes you think yes
yes I don't do this when playing Pokemon
this is why the game is good but also
possibly unbalanced a little bit of
given thing alright I can't do anything
I could strike him again yeah tell but
Mittman metalize I think is better saved
for fuel for fire fiend absolutely I
need to fire I'm with you 100% cuz
that's this card is 13 damage or three
shield yeah and so I'd rather have that
thirteen damage alright I can't use any
attack now because it would all be
reduced to one and B you could be a
waste it'd be a complete waste so I
think you just that's fine
all right let's see what he's gonna do
now gonna burn me great all right so now
this is it my hand is full I can spot
weakness and flex double tap heavy blade
and then I got one more questions do you
want to use the Flex before you do the
heavy blade and the double tap I know
that takes away is the 13 damage from
the fire fiend is that worth what you'll
make up with the heavy blade and the 5x
with the extra string and the DoubleTap
I think I think flex DoubleTap heavy
blade and fire fiend but I don't know I
really I'm not 100% sure if that will do
it
flex double tap heavy blade though I
gotta say once you burn that fire fiend
right yeah if he's not absolutely for
sure dead you are fucked even with your
revive because you got no cards you
matter be damn sure you're gonna kill
him before you use that fire fiend you
know what you're absolutely right I
don't know if you want to dig out the
calculator again okay here's what here's
what we're gonna do rich we're gonna
flex double tap heavy blame okay we're
gonna do that for sure okay because
that's that's a smart that's the smart
choice
I mean we're gonna do it do you feel
good beating this guy on stream i really
do by the way I could hit him with a
regular good you could because it's
double tap oh fuck
couldn't Jack just choose to avoid
elites altogether no it was the Pats
that what we were fault all of the paths
led to one elite whenever you play a
power he'll to HP that's a good block
potion add a car today let's see how
will you lose for HP that you've got
three age oh you can't you have nine
after the battle but draw three car well
and it's like draw three cars doesn't
even matter anymore game game two things
could really help all that and that was
it
dude dude we just won we earned that
shit we brought out a calculator
motherfucker we just beat it if I want a
question mark fire instead of the guy
shop right yes yes we do
fuck are you gonna kill me oh my god oh
no that's fine because I can just lose
my strike oh it has me lose a card but
just a regular strike plus one I can
lose alright that's great great
so real real talk yeah I have this
lizard tail yeah
which means that when I die I get 50% my
HP right so do I want to take this fire
raise my base strength stat Smith a card
hey you tell yourself what to do they
look you're you're gonna burn that
lizard tail for sure if you don't rest
though world 3 that that might be
inevitable no matter what right I tell
you what to do here because I honestly I
don't I don't even know what the right
call is I don't know either man I'm just
gonna read this tip you read that I'm
gonna rest anonymous says got a line you
are on sale and really liking it you
guys played it what imagine you're rich
wouldn't like it because it's similar to
new adventure games as you just try to
interact with everything you can yeah I
haven't I haven't played it and I don't
think Jack has either I know that dreams
that game screamed uncanny valley to me
when Jack is Jack is in his zone uh he's
not dealing with easy things right now
he can't even kill something yeah I can
kill a little one okay cuz I have this
but I can't kill either the ones that
are continued damage do what you can so
I could lose HP draw three cards and
gain two things which that might help
might
fuck it fuck it fuck it
uh-oh yeah that's right oh that's right
powers heal me powers heal me I want to
use my powers motherfucker
mommy buddy one one one one one oh no
one says I am buried in school work and
hating everything right now so thanks
for being here so I can completely clock
out my brain for a while and just let
pictures and sounds pass through my head
you're welcome
glad to help one small balls is rich you
forgot to read my last tip out loud and
a biggie Star Trek rant was epic as for
Black Panther Andy Serkis
was having a lot of fun I had fun with
him all right I mean oh it might end up
seeing it someday when when it's
available at home yeah like thank you
don't go to the movie theaters that
often I have to be I have to be really
hyped about a thing I'm gonna go see in
the theater or for it's for work right
it's it's not like a must-see but it's
good really good performance is really
like again like with Thor like really
neat world they'll really need sci-fi
world with you know tech future Wakanda
so that's fine but also like with Thor
Ragnarok I just wish they would have
spent time away from what Conda because
that's where all the interesting stuff
happened but uh you know it was good
good seeing Star Wars is definitely work
yes it is yes it is
the blue prism says hi fellas good
evening good evening
Capone lol says here is your payment for
needing to watch Discovery for work
I couldn't keep watching after the first
episode of the mid-season it's just not
Trek it's horrible
can you say Happy Birthday Brian yes I
can and just did
happy birthday Brian did it s Carson
says hello rich and Jack I know you guys
aren't too fond of the theater-going
experience but if you could pick one
movie to re-watch in a theater what
would it be I would choose all three
Lord of the Rings I had an answer for
this once and I don't remember what it
was there's rats in park aliens
one man if fury roads not a bad one
either
yes Raiders Blazing Saddles none on the
big screen not super necessary yeah but
a fine film it would be interesting with
blazing styles especially back in the
day to hear what other people have to
have yeah showgirls
only if it's starring Jeffrey Combs
just the act of hurting them is going to
kill you they're gonna be at nine and
seven yeah I got a that's why I have to
do it in one like I have to do I have to
kill them both in one well you can't
fucking can't I could friendly fire one
of them what's what's coming up in your
hand heavy blade double tap which is
free saving boss so theoretically if I
if I used a defense yeah you could
survive killing one of them with fire
fiend that's what I'm thinking yeah and
really all I need is one two three four
five I actually I could use both
defenses which I might want to do yeah
these two defenses
kill one take nine damage take seven
damage perfect
right good oh my god what every hit
every fire any rich I'm gonna die to
this motherfucker that's bullshit
that's what I call shit oh but that's
bullshit
yeah my tail my tail rich flexing heavy
oh no I got that damn double tap heavy
blade 30 out do you have any defense no
no I don't uh what if I flex and spot
weakness maybe I can hit him in one yeah
I think you can oh he's not attacking
but maybe I can flex sorry that's 33
that's 44 that's definitely gonna kill
him okay well then so then he'll only
hit me for seven right yeah there goes
my tail yeah
dr. Lewin up says longshot question have
either of you heard of or seen an old
Australian horror movie where a teacher
and her students are kidnapped by armed
men wearing Santa masks trying to find
out name of movie no idea no idea no
idea at all I'm sorry dr. Lu bit up
anonymous says what was your initial
take on Star Trek 5 and is there
anything redeemable about it I
personally like the scene where Sybok
makes McCoy and Spock see their past and
Kirk refuses and then dunks on him I
haven't I don't think I've actually seen
Star Trek 5 since the first time I've
seen it yeah I might've seen it once
after that was a little bit older or
maybe not I don't recall very much I
didn't really recall very much about it
I remember the over of fan dance I
remember fighting a giant blue head and
I know there's a very long turbo lift
shaft
and I wanted this this is the only one
that's slightly intriguing to me
whirlwind is the deal 5 damage to all
enemies ex times I do not tell you what
to do well I'm explaining to you in the
explain my thought process because like
you know as we go on like when we get to
the final boss there could be a
situation where we're facing the boss
and a couple minutes and you know the
ability to do damage across the spectrum
could be really well plus you have that
card that gives you extra energy extra
energy right and so then it's like if I
do five damage five times that's 25
damage okay they're asking which final
boss you're facing I have no idea I'll
check it yeah I'll check in a second I
am facing this guy whoever that is if I
can even get to them that's a lot of
presumption fine everything's fine
oh you face the one that explodes you
get the average no matter what I hate
this this world explodes if I kill it
this one hurts me if I touch it this one
keeps his shield and gains more shield
this guy the spirit Guardian is a breeze
when you're playing as the other guy as
the poison guy poison that's great I'm
sorry jack I am so so sorry I know you
are
I guess I got a deal with
manases Jack are you still watching the
flesh I have officially given up on it
it is like Barry has become a minor
character in his own show but the
writers forget that the show was called
the flash yeah you know sometimes it's
good to have a have a you know story
that focuses on one of the minor members
builds up their characters I have not
seen the flash since they came back I
saw the one episode that when they came
back from a midseason break okay and I
haven't for no particularly good reason
I've been working a lot recently so you
know like I said no particularly good
reason just
thriller home TV says rich-looking
really slim lately I can only assume
that's sarcasm glad the type 12 diabetes
is finally doing work better as they are
LM crew ever seen the cube series if so
thoughts I think I've seen the first one
and I liked it and I told Mike for ages
that he would like it and he never
watched it they might have seen it since
then but I don't know what his thoughts
are I know you're gonna die this is as
fun as this game can be it's unbalanced
difficult ass sometimes
collecting data says our kiddie porn
passed away at 20 years old he was the
smartest cuddliest cutest cat ever that
came to our apartment and put him to
sleep in her arms
f-for our best buddy I'm sorry I'm sorry
that's sad
20 he had a good run I was there and we
had to put Karen's one of Karen's
mother's dogs down that dog loved me so
I went with and it's the right it's the
right thing to do and I'm sorry
I knew that I no no I'm gonna die right
here
I know cuz I I have the cards to kill
both of these guys yeah but it's gonna
kill you in the process but it's gonna
kill me in the process
oh I understand yeah cuz this game was
as much as I like it at the same time
it's also kind of bullshit yeah yeah if
you don't have the perfect deck the
perfect day you can fuck right off and I
have a really powerful deck this is
super strong that's how I felt last time
I streamed I had a similar deck that you
have that's exactly how I felt this is
it sorry everyone hey this is a good run
I feel really good about this and guess
what we're doing it again going fucking
again alright alright hold on just most
just die cuz we're gonna die who do we
want to die to let's die to this guy
well die well die to this little guy
woman will make will pick his day up you
don't need the perfect deck you need the
right relics and the perfect thank you
you hear you get it and you get it I'm
hoping they tack on an easy mode it
saved FTL easy mode
it's like even if I could kill him and
live this guy's about to be torn down so
we're gonna look slight spike Jack we're
gonna look we're gonna look the little
guy kill me all right we're gonna
bolster his his confidence
give him some XP yeah well you can't oh
I thought he was gonna explode him kill
me how long but I'll fuck it the big
guys gonna kill me
fuck you too
easy mode equal the silent with poison
very well but Jack's trying to be able
to ironclad cuz I already beat it with
the silent boy and look at this
I'll made it all that far anyway unlock
shit I don't get shit
floors climbed 47 I mean it 47 laminate
land 50 enemies slayed I'm sorry
easy mode equal ironclad with strength
bullshit that's what Jack had I had
strength God water I know I know you're
feeding off of this pain I know I know
but you didn't have enough strength I
had to spot weaknesses and a limit break
and it wasn't enough before well
ironclad all right all right
looks like he's ignoring a leads he
should go after them for relics but then
you die then you die and the relics
aren't guaranteed to synergize
with your cards I know you know they
know did you sky you should have rolled
you should've rolled shudder all I got
again is for real take on as many early
elites as you can what are you thinking
here man
you you you yeah be back you're starting
well I can obtain already oh no no no
that that'll fuck your shit up okay oh
they haven't six healing in this game
where you get 60 damage done do you a
turn no that fucks your shit right up
either a common relic or a random rare
card I'm sitting Myatt my gut is telling
me random rare card because that could
set our deck in motion that could set
our strategy in motion okay okay look
Limit Break W string up the strength one
rich as you go we're going strength like
golden okay great okay fucking great
great fuck fog of those are three
question marks huh that that one Pat
they're three question marks then a
shock maybe
oh god them more question marks but
here's the holy shit wait we keep going
up we could go we could go with only
fighting like three enemies I think
that's the route here's the problem with
that though then you don't get the cards
fighting the enemies is what gives you
you can get cards and and relics and
useful things to the question marks I
don't know fuck it let's do it let's do
it
let's fucking do it see these fuckers
there fucks this thing to this card does
no good right now it's a completely
useless a completely useless at this
exact moment Oh ray
just defend you got enough defense to
take this this round yeah I'm gonna
start doing damage because I also heels
all right I'll take I'll take a little
damage alright I heal 6o start start
doing some attack you know so we can
take him out boom boom boom the bulb the
bulb yeah and you're right some question
marks will be enemies that's true that's
true
always limit break super conservative
super conservative here start not strong
let's go believe in the heart of the
conference that's a yugi'll reference
don't fucking bring it you you sound
stupid you got it's you know yugioh is a
collectible card game so there's the
same thing like I need if holy I could
get the heart of the dragon oh I have to
believe in the heart of the cards and
then it takes 15 minutes to like pull
the card out of his deck to be like oh
so I can animate it's like an anime all
right let's see what guys let's see we
got lose one HP deal for damage to all
enemies at the end of each turn that
could be interesting
a heel six that's every turn yeah so but
I heel six at the end of every match
right so assuming this card makes it six
turns then I'm at a net
I think evolve sounds nice shuffle two
wounds into your drop I'll whenever you
draw wound draw card every wound is a
benefit at that point hmm that could
work to help cycle through yeah cards
it's good to go let's give it a go let's
go and question mark take headbutt so
you can keep head-butting back limit
break later well we that's what would
the evolved is for yeah gimme go
the evolved will do the same thing right
if you got an enemy that wounds you it's
really good yeah
all right we got some gold what do you
do what do you do
upgrade to random cards fuck yeah yeah
weak another one let's go
yeah transformer card let's transform
one of you give something good gimme
something good gimme something good
gimme something good gimme some good
what do you got what do you guys have
keeper shit you got shit that's not true
oh let's look at our options here let's
look at our cards here so we got evolved
uh-huh
wait whenever you draw wound draw card
whenever card is exhausted game for
block and we got the strength we got 5
damage all enemies for damage one
vulnerable yeah draw one card place a
card from your hand on top of your draw
pile that could work
maybe if that's once that's evolved its
its draw two cards and I could
play the top card of your draw pile and
exhausted
what's the shovel do I don't you can't
afford it I'm just gonna dig for loot
and rest sites this is a pond pick up
chooses guild card at the start of each
combat that card will be in your hand
that's neat let's see here medical kit
status cards can now be played playing a
status will exhaust the card interesting
I don't have the money for that madness
was interesting I'd prefer to to be a
little more you know a remove a card huh
it also remove a card I could also
remove a card or I could do both I like
this whirlwind
I think this whirlwind is gonna help
okay
I think this whirlwind is gonna help and
we're gonna remove a basic card we're
gonna move last time I was I had some
little blocks we're gonna remove a basic
strike no way am i wait please wait yeah
because I got the whirlwind so that'll
do five damage exhausting cards I'm not
exhausted I just feel no pain who's
gonna help me in no way right now you
know I'm saying I hate this run sucks
what you want me to do
this run sucks and you haven't even the
far do you want me to do the run sucks
rich maybe you suck that's also for
possibility but now we got that working
for us now our strength can double
what's zero times two rich that's all we
got err no shop none of these help no
help
Oh whenever you play and attack this
turn game less useful less useful you
all suck
wait wait wait okay
so horribly bitter and broken I'm so
upset but rich like losing when we get
to the final boss makes me want a place
so hard but this actually sucks but okay
synergy right deal 12 damage shuffle of
wound into your drop I'll that's good
yeah let's do that
let's synergize let's rock let's rock
and roll rock and roll rock and roll all
the way now you need a card with these
wound cards you need something that'll
give you benefits for exhausting cards
if you could exhaust some of these
wounds yeah there's something that lets
me exhaust cards yeah oh this one
looking forward to Red Dead - I don't
even I don't even know what they're
doing with the game yet
do we want berserk I can get berserk if
we want it I can also choose not to get
it
I don't hate it yeah
there were crazier plate draw one card
place a card from your hand on the top
of your drop I'll upgrade upgraded it
will help you get through your deck and
it does exhaust cards which will get you
that free block for using it I think
it's a good one to have for you this
will only exhaust itself yeah but still
it's something it's synergizes Jack you
talked about synergy all right that's
what we needed we got two cards we got
two cards all right so we're sticking
with our with our question mark run here
I guess either way is question mark run
let's take let's take this route what do
you got what do you got for me you got
gold and you got whatever you rest you
may add a card to your deck yep you got
no enemy I'm sorry yeah that's fine good
fuck
okay
okay and okay great I found with the NHL
and all or just baseball I'll I'll
follow it if the Blackhawks are in the
playoffs I'm not a super huge fan of the
hockey's but I like watching it well
enough great a super huge fan of the
hockey's you say what is fun sport to
watch 15 damage
so fucking useless to me right now get
that do you get that no Black Hawks are
the scum of the earth why because
they've won a few times
they won without just being bruisers
they wrote they won with speed and skill
yes how terrible Blackhawks are to
hockey as the Yankees are to baseball
not not for not for most of my life they
were they had the the owner that refused
to spend money on the team for ages man
their owner was so bad I remember the
fans were happy when he died that's $1
bill words that's they called because he
was so stingy dollar bill oh yeah yeah
he'd refused to air home games on TV
yeah come in the stadium to watch the
game really yeah that's good fuck yeah
they didn't they didn't air home games
on TV until 20 like 2010 yeah that's
fucked up 20 st. it was that's really
fucked up yeah I'm gonna kill misty yeah
I I would not call that the Yankees of
hockey
yeah all right all right I got the
makings we got the makings
there's still douchebags Patrick Kane
has a very punchable face I will agree
that Patrick Kane is punchable but
Jonathan Jonathan saves there is not
he seems like stand-up guy new hockey
fans
that's 12 20 to 30 not enough not enough
but pretty close
Nicholas punchable is a good quality and
a hockey player guys are weird and is
full well good
can I do anything with it where'd you
get the pyramid again huh oh the wound
yeah cuz the woman's so nice well except
for like you know three cards in my hand
are wounds okay what can we do here
I think I only have one attack in here
which is for six but I could strength
and limit break and then would that give
me enough if I to four actually yeah
that might right right trip I don't know
I don't know shit I don't know shit
either man I don't know shit either
that's what a few guys been hockey fans
I would call my fandom very very casual
cache hockey playing the long game
playing the long game
harp take no damage raise my strength a
bit hit him next round
hit him next oh yeah now we got now we
got great everyone likes the Mighty
Ducks national goddamn treasure yeah
to a wheeled create a copy of an attack
or a power in your hand limit break
that's not an attack or power that's not
an attack our power is what's one that
gains you strength in front and flame
and flame is the power that's not about
1/2 J can work together doesn't flame
exhaust for some reason whenever I get
it never seems to come back around again
yeah well it doesn't exhaust you just a
power is something that you kind of like
hold up so you can never you use it once
oh then it's a stupid card well then
it's better than nothing but it's a
stupid car well no but it's like any
other power which is like you know if
your HP is it you can't like it's not
like you can use more of these right or
maybe it could actually yeah if I have
to berserks
if I have to berserks if my health is
below 50% I would gain two I guess yeah
all right you know what then then dual
wield I will take dual wield dual wield
is generally the best card for ironclad
though it might not be the best for you
right now well it's it's what we got is
what we're working with all right I can
take out an elite or I'm gonna try and
restart my tips I haven't gotten one in
a while I'm assuming it's broken
a slap tapas weird I think we need to do
laptop
I can't even shut this down right now
yeah it's not a laptop a piece of
garbage
it is
you
just restart just fucking restarting and
then have a five hour long Windows
Update session and then restart
I can't even click on things I have to
do this manually
now I'd say that the Blackhawks manager
was just bad at his job because the
minute he died and someone else took
over and they started airing the home
games they became one of the most
popular things in Chicago the Blackhawks
after he died after he died after he
died
we can do this
which you are besmirching the name of a
dead man Hey look if you're an asshole
the fact that you died didn't change the
fact that you're an asshole Touche
that's great that's super helpful
actually I did you I used to be zerks
yeah so now now I gain to because I'm
below 50% I get into energies oh that's
nice which is really great yeah so I can
basically just use everything all the
time now wait at first didn't exhaust
that oh I could have I could have used
that would feel no pain yeah you know
what I don't give a fuck I'm gonna use
that with Limit Break no you can't even
do a wield oh that's right live a break
is a skill
yeah fuck the dead what what you're
guessing we're not gonna play monster
hunter world do you really want to see
us go in blind on a long-running
franchise by the way will that help
anyone oh all right enemies with
vulnerability now take 75 percent more
damage rather than 50% damage fits
pretty decent it's pretty decent to
place a card from the discard pile to
the time oh okay
this could help this could help this
could yah yah yah yah yah yah yah yah
yah yah headbutt and I should have wrath
whoa fuck man oh you hit my mic steam
I'm sorry you should be I never remember
what a fucking is
yeah okay okay okay
I'm sorry I said we'll do it that should
be oh that's right because I rest it I
can pick a card whenever you lose HP
from a car you came oh oh oh shit do a
hammock no oh that was a different round
that might not be a bad card to have
which one whenever you lose HP from a
card game one strength yeah if you're
losing HP from cards I don't have any
cards now but there's that card that you
know if you lose HP but all right
blah blah blah this could this could be
good I'm gonna I'm gonna go with them
all right boss time last time level one
boss here we go here we go
hey I know your options all suck what
bad he's not gonna do any harm I could
bash in whirlwind him once but how or I
could create a copy of whirlwind but I
don't necessarily need two copies of
whirlwind because there's only one enemy
but that's a start then I'll weaken eyes
them as soon as it starts attacking whoa
like a right now which I'm kind of sorry
I blew up at you about the Blackhawks my
hatred of them gets a little out of hand
at times okay whatever
yep you can't take it too seriously man
I'd go crazy if I took it that seriously
I hate I hate the Green Bay Packers and
I live up in Milwaukee I took of that
seriously I'd have to lose my mind
it's bricked in nuts up yeah oh my oh my
oh my Jesus Christ that's great we're
doing great
six sets of stuff
who does rich consider the Yankee's of
hockey
well well once upon a time at a day long
gone wasn't it the what team in it that
has an insane number of championships
this is the Canadiens you go back and
look at the Stanley Cup history and from
like for like a span of twenty thirty
years I don't know there's one team it's
just them then over and over and over
again every fucking year
yeah from like the 30s to the 90s
yeah something thought
the green screen dropped out of it
well okay
I was able to do something I now have 16
plus attack okay so we're doing pretty
alright there's no reason not to just
looking at my options here look at my
options
dual wield doesn't do me a ton of good
right now I could always make a copy of
wild strike but actually yeah I do want
to do that
because then I can hit him I like the
Brewers I don't hate the Brewers the
Brewers are a fine team I have nothing
against them
sure
yeah all the cards I mean they're all
wounds but just all the cards okay
twenty-one damage X times 21 times four
is 84 that's not gonna be enough to kill
him but it'll get him damn close and
he's only gonna hit me for 14 but wild
strike does 28 wait wait wait so 21
touch four yeah that's uh that's 84 okay
yeah and and he survived
oh yeah I'll survive but I could also
hit him for 28 and then hit him for a
lot less no oh well if I do wild strike
and whirlwind that's better
yeah I think you're right I think you're
right actually does that win yeah that
wins yeah there we go oh no not the
worst feed fire and barricade check I
got to barricade
but fiend fire with your wounds if you
fire with all those fucking wounds but
here's the thing that your wounds also
bring up useful cards and later on
that fiend fire front that fiend fire
yeah that's that's not doing anything in
the last stage when you're constantly
fighting for enemies at a time
sure but I'm not liking fiend fire
here's here is yeah I know and here's
here's my justification if you saw my
hand there right yeah I was getting four
wounds in a row yeah and then like you
know some some other piddly cards that I
could still use then use fiend fire and
just get a simple 40 damage I know you
and everyone is saying Reaper Reaper
heals you I guess I've never really used
recall for for yeah you can use it once
deal for damage heal for all unblocked
damage oh yeah so like near the end that
that might make up for 20% of the amount
of health you're losing and basically
you can they're like brown you could get
like 12 health back team fire fiend fire
doing it I did it I did the fiend fire
Reaper with strength can be a full heal
I guess with strength uh yeah all right
let's see we got here gained an energy
but you can no longer use potions
interesting you have that whirlwind huh
yeah that whirlwind I do have that world
one I'm gonna check this one though gain
energy start each combat with two wounds
in your drop pile I totally forgot that
Reaper would heal more with strength I
totally forgot that and I feel right now
yeah I feel very stupid I feel very
stupid right now
I earned it I earned it I still think
fiend fire was the right call
we're gonna take the mask of pain
because that puts wound cards in our
hand which as we know does us good that
will play well with our with our wound
evolve pack all right what do we want we
want fires man we just want as many
fucking fires as we can get our hands on
we got to upgrade some shit fire fire
two three four four fire do we need a
shop we should go to a shot
shop to this fuck
Oh
love the jacket sir may think his shit
hand work it is a shit hand and it is
working it's absolutely a shit hand we
got going right now oh yeah that's right
we don't have any cards that make us
lose HP that's fine that's fine
we got a shit hand here people but it is
working
for terms
just get another fucking wound it'd be
great it'll be great man
ah jesus fucking christ
wait Roland huh oh and almost I could uh
all fits like five it's only five yeah
or I could hit him for 1 2 3 4 times 7
which is 28 which it won't even play
adhere shields or this a self-imposed
challenge to take a card whenever it's
offered that's how I started playing the
game at first I didn't even like notice
the Skip card but like when I first
started playing like way before I told
you about it I like and some of those
like oh damn it I hate these cards but
man I guess I got to do it I almost have
to whirlwind
Oh doesn't give her the shield why
bother
well cuz I got to start breaking the
shield and nothing else is gonna do it
oh I suppose like go 2-0 yeah whatever
whatever this dickheads gonna kill me
already now we get the in flame that was
good to me now Dingle
yes yes
all right here we go how do you guys
know each other are like the whole red
letter media group
well the parent corporation they just
kind of you know assigned a bunch of
people they thought would have good
chemistry or at least we could fake it
yeah it seems to work out pretty well
yeah yeah we appeal to the demographic
they were going after it's like a
modern-day The Monkees yes yes
yeah after looking through several
YouTube analytics we we correlated you
know exactly what our niche market was
going to and that what we figured the
the most underutilized niche market was
movie nerds no one was doing that on the
Internet we really wanted a CAPTCHA to
cash in
I actually met you at the audition we
were both going for the role of Jack
yeah yeah got it
you got it but they liked my audition
enough sure well anything real I will
say this like I I was thinking about
auditioning for rich but I knew I
couldn't pull it off and really glad I'm
really glad you got it because I think
it plays to your strengths as an actor
you know thank you I know you would have
been great as a jack and like I'm just
glad I'm just glad we get to work
together we have a good working
relationship
laughs everyone yeah I had to try you
know I'm several different versions of
oh my god oh my god but they they like
oh my god every time yeah and you know
what by the way the the crazy thing
about it is like you know I was in there
I was in the auditions I heard some
people not even yelling they were really
oh my god
and gonna be going to audition that's
the thing is like you read that and you
knew it you knew the character from the
page and I think that just like I said
place your strengths oh that could be
nice that obtained for his five random
potion so how would I want that and Josh
is sort of there most fathers the
producer okay so check this out this
could be really helpful okay
negate the next two curses you obtained
okay so I could go for the question
marks really aggressively hammer them oh
and here's armaments again and here's
armaments again
I also got here every time you play five
cards in a single turn deal 10 damage to
all enemies that's not a bad power
armaments is on sale I know oh my god
you have so many cards I do
I have so many cards and so yeah the
question never gonna see armaments and
the question with our moments is will it
do me any good but remember I'm getting
a full breadth of ten right I think so I
want to get I can get rid of a weak one
maybe I want flex because I have the I
have the doubler so I can I can get more
strength sure sure
I think I want to get rid of a weak one
I just got that shrug it off so I can
get rid of a weak defense and I think I
want that flex because I got the
duplicator the Duplin on the diplomate
er Oh Chad this is this is the last run
when this is over I'm getting dinner I'm
hungry it's only 9 o'clock man we didn't
go all night a half an hour over my
estimate one last drink it's about like
two and a half hours to finish up oh
yeah
but about by the way was it a no death
row yeah to be fair it wasn't perfect to
be fair yeah I was playing from my save
where I was already at level 50 oh okay
but I also was playing on nightmare
difficulty so so cheater cheater pumpkin
eater I get you
what happened to 11 our streams rich
we're just fucking did one like the
other week man yeah I went I went six
hours the other day yeah you jet you
like you just went six hours and then
like a week before that you did the Dead
Rising 2 perfect no death row yeah calm
your tits man
so you weren't nearly 50% less from Dead
Rising 2 to Dead Rising 3 hey blame Dead
Rising 3 not me man
those drives back and forth were torture
though yeah that's the the one of the
major problems with Dead Rising 3 the
drives back and forth yeah driving is
not fun there are annoying roadblocks
everywhere
over time mode was like busywork well to
be fair every game over time mode feels
a little bit like busywork
that Dead Rising 3 is a very poorly
thought-out map
holy shit they made a Dead Rising 3 was
it any good well it's not the worst
thing ever it's it's terrible in
comparison to the other real Dead Rising
games I then we the real Dead Rising
games
well threes when they started placating
the idiots right like the idiots who
were perfectly capable of ignoring the
timer and just goofing around the mall
before mm-hmm we're placated too and so
they took the timer out for the people
who liked it the timer they could easily
ignore and goof around as much as they'd
like yeah yeah yeah not do all the side
missions because you don't need to I can
tell
I can tell and I like it
storyand Dead Rising 3 look dumber than
a bag of hammers yes yes yes dumber than
a bag of hammers
okay
Dead Rising 3 is the Star Trek discovery
of the Dead Rising series it's probably
form because you actively hate the
protagonist fake Frank West is just just
just the worst
don't you think Frank West walks like a
chimp I was always under the assumption
that he sprains his ankle when he jumps
out of a helicopter and lands on the
roof of the mall
who's the protagonist for Frank Frank
West who both sounds and acts entirely
differently from the real Frank West
but the people who made it insist that
we reach super duper love this character
this new this new character they've
created not not Frank West Hank East
people have called him I like it
hankies
beautiful just beautiful
as overtime mowed worth doing rich and
wish game I mean if you want the real
ending you kind of have to do overtime
mode if you care about that kind of
thing you do you do care about that kind
of thing then you have to do overtime
mode now they go
Nico : rich dude Nico
hope you both are having a good week I
have a very important question yes
who are your top three Batman villains
Joker Ra's al Ghul and mr. freeze
Clayface right Batman animated series
Clayface yeah yeah I beyond beyond
simple beyond simple design like the big
mush monster I fucking love that thing I
love you know I love creatures right
beyond that the the backstory the the
narcissistic actor who just needs to
look pretty and his need to look pretty
is what turned him into a horrible goop
monster that's great man
that's fucking great and the fact that
like you know he he can find ways to not
only be a horrible goop monster but
blend in but you know changes shape to
be Bruce Wayne or whatever all the cool
like my mud hammer my mud hi I'm Chloe
face fucking great which Joker which
Joker can you believe leave this right
now
that had already man I'm sorry
fucking dead already man
Clayface
from my personal Batman taste he's a bit
- superpower II yeah yeah I don't know
but then again Mr Freeze - I mean um
well I didn't die
I'm not - engraved um
not doing gram I'm gonna go to the shop
just because I I mean mr. freeze in
animated series Batman is beautiful as
well but I even like I like simple ones
you know I like the clock King huh I
like to just Rupert thorne wait so which
joker like they still don't get it like
I still don't get it
they get it I don't know thank you I
don't know the people do they're fucking
with ya might be they might be here's
the thing okay yeah
Heath Ledger great performance and it's
an interesting take on the Joker but
it's an interesting take on the Joker
Mark Hamill is the Joker yeah well in
the the Heath Ledger Joker is not only
an interesting take on the Joker it also
plays very thematically with Nolan's
Batman you know yeah the rule I have the
rule I have no rules haha let's fight
right right it's beautiful
yeah Mark Hamill
just I'm just the most fucked I'm just
the most fucked rich DC did a stupid
thing in the comics and apparently now
there's like three Joker's at the same
time this is why I don't read DC Comics
Oh comic book publisher did a stupid
thing
hey hey you remember you remember that
that Marvel Legends universe reboots
yeah yeah they're they're not even a
quarter of the way through the rebooting
again well this was I don't you know
what it's fine
oh all they're like new characters they
were getting rid of let's go we're going
back to classic characters like two
months it never mind jump ship they're
rebooting again and the people in the
forefront seem to have Marvel Cinematic
Universe tie-ins only yeah yeah with a
few exceptions moon girl devil dinosaur
is sticking around miss Marvel sticking
around Miles Morales spider-man sticking
around because they're the popular ones
out of humans but yeah yeah they're
rebooting again man I'm probably no
matter what they do I'm probably not
coming back at this point well I think
they finally realized that I think they
finally realized that people weren't
gonna come back if they went to legend
yes but then also all the people who
were getting into those what was the
deal with legends is they were getting
rid of a lot of new characters okay okay
I'm going and you know just going back
to basics but no one cared but then all
their new characters who they were
messing with had a little fan base and
then they started whining well it's
probably too little too late no they
probably already chased off the people
who like the old characters Oh aged like
a decade ago yeah and then now they're
alienating all of their new fans
it's great it's great
what do you get it sounds so depressing
to be a comments looks nothing this day
niche
Brian Michael Bendis ruined every
character he could before jumping feces
I can totally see that I can totally see
that
see you later suckas decompress
storytelling it'll take me a year to
tell a story that someone else could
have done in three months
video game McGee says video games McGee
says I've recently played Far Cry 3 and
really enjoy and really enjoy it with it
what are your thoughts in the series in
the end that game also it's crazy how
Ubisoft hasn't changed the open-world
formula in six years that's this thing
that's a crank shit out
why-why-why craft a gameplay when you
could just say I find this shit yeah
yeah my shit hand cut up in here I'm
sorry I'm sorry jack
you can stream from home if you want I
think I'm done for the night
wait wait what side we start yeah by the
time we get done reading in the phone
maybe fine that's fine no that's fine
I'm so defeated I'm gonna go home and
play this I am because I have a problem
rich why you just stream it tonight
why do you stream it go home stream it
tonight and just keep playing until you
win or fall asleep you tell me that's
not a great gimmick Jack either beats
world 3 or he falls asleep playing the
game one great gimmick I agree uh-huh I
agree yeah the only the only problem is
I got to get my kids ready for school
okay okay that's fair that's fair I'll
go home I'll talk to Lisa be like can
you get up
and get the boys ready for school
tomorrow how about Friday night Friday
night Jack you start you can start you
know little late you can start like like
8:00 yeah and Jack plays slay the spire
until he wins or falls asleep I get I
guarantee you a win or me passing out in
my chair in which case you need to wake
me up so I can stop the stream and go to
bed I I do the no death runs Jack does
the beat the game or fall asleep
this is something we will be thinking
about this is not a bad idea we'll call
it slay the spire or sleep slay the
mattress slay the mattress Hey all right
fuck infuriating uh-oh we forgot
something I know I turned it on I know I
turned it on did it get turned off yeah
I remember bringing it up good can
someone exclamation point subs for us
please yeah I remember clicking on it I
do uh I believe you but it's not here
that sucks yeah just type it in oh I'm
waiting for it sleepers Oh sleeper
Speier I like that it's not working son
of a bitch thank you everybody who
subscribed
I'd gone back alright I think we're back
give me a put the xsplit back up on the
screen we can wreck hey everybody I have
a list
hey we have a list yep just as someone
in the chat says oh good I don't like it
when they read names we've got the list
don't worry at this point you can always
leave you don't need to you know like if
you don't like it you can go yeah yeah
yeah we have the list February 21st
series okay great um and cephalo
pathetic for 17 months in a row yes is
joe flacco elite says I won Bar trivia
by myself last night under the name tums
festival thanks for the inspiration no
problem farmer Phipps VAR yaks verax ya
vorak says have you ever played donkey
kong country on stream you could do it
two-player competitive yeah I never got
out of the Donkey Kong Country honestly
yes fine it's a super I'll admit
I'll flat-out admit it was a superficial
reason I hated the look sure that kind
of like fake 3d sprites I thought they
looked ugly yeah I mean it wasn't the
best game it wasn't bad I would never
think of it when thinking like when
compiling my bests my favorite games
from the senesce era I would never think
of it heck up for 44 motherfucking
months in a row says I just put up
double fours motherfucker yeah let's
play that card game roguelike like a
badass extreme I'm a sip as a 90s neon
shirt whoo sorry I don't know what came
over me
thank you Dubey sandwich who says hey
edit card though thanks for your tips on
dead rising problem frank west is
currently wielding a small chainsaw with
a three times durability boost I am on
stoppable and when you get when you get
good when you get really good I tried
doing it without that chainsaw that's
the trick
that's the trick sure but no that's a
great weapon good HAP 78664 45
motherfucking months in a row for the
record when I had my no death run I did
abuse the chainsaw I'm not it was a
perfect no death yeah yeah tell him
Grenville says thanks for the
entertainment welcome star Horrible's
for 32 fucking months in a row
naraku ben says back in front of a month
you guys making working alone doing
bullshit nightly i t-tests tolerable
also on to that Grich and Mike for the
Discovery review save me save me have a
good night you're welcome HPV valiance
for 12 months in row says thank you all
for the entertainment you have provided
for well over a year you help keep my
soul crushing depression at bay cheers
two more years Sardegna the vuelo scroot
snag roots cal rom 27 this is gay six
months Jack just finished salt and
sanctuary after a second attempt and
join it more of this round scratch both
the Metroid and souls itch rich now that
you have finished Dead Rising
what is your GOG Tang time for free
space series I don't even know what it
is on top I fucking had the oddest truth
voodoo mama gonza alger nope there's a
knob I'd say not I'll churn up says
another month an other manual primary
sub thanks for the streams guys special
thanks to rich for all of the Extra
Innings lately you're welcome
the pale hunter power fantasy social
geometer oh says making funny small talk
is
it is absolutely comes naturally to me
right ho Jeeves that's why you got the
part of rich so seven months and
Counting
thank you for being the best fake
friends that money can buy
brief perfunctory interactions with oh
thank you the best that money can buy
brief per functionary interactions with
the second did it uncle of lies for 14
months in a row says clue is a fantastic
movie that's true yeah that's very true
nobody talks about clue anymore because
it's a cult movie that has a small fan
base why doesn't anyone talk about clue
anymore because it's a cult movie it has
a very small fan base yeah move it like
movie nerds know it comedy nerds down
yeah it's interesting because it was
shipped with what was it four different
endings three four I'm sure most people
don't understand this cuz they watch the
movie and they just tacked all of the
endings under the whole room yeah or it
could have happened this way when clue
was in the theater it just had one of
the different endings and that was the
ending of the movie yeah which is a
really neat idea for a movie
not irritating I could see it irritating
I I wouldn't like that no it's fun it's
fun and would you like it if like Return
of the Jedi had three different endings
well you didn't know which one you're
gonna get when you went to the theater
if my comedy movie has a different
ending I'm not gonna be like can we give
up okay it's an annoying feature it's
cute it was a clever idea but you know
if it's if it's a big if it's like a big
epic and it has a different ending sure
but something alright here's how you
know whether or not something is shady
or not yeah you ask yourself is this
something ei would do and if the answer
is yes in shadiest fuck yeah I I don't
see it I don't see it as them I don't
think the intent was for them to get
people to go to the theaters more I
think the intent was to be clever and
cute okay okay so what I would say okay
okay yeah clues great Randolph the rad
snickery says you're robbed old up tells
of Arkana
RPG Tommy why sue twelve gurgle argh
koala queef William Tyndale that's for
16 months in a row Zak man usually name
for 40 motherfucking months in a row
captain tolerable the end hero Tommy
slow subsonic shells at Bell subsonic
Bell says hey rich and Jack I don't mean
any disrespect but rich you look like
shit in the sleigh the spire episode are
you sick is it the diabeetus yeah it's
fine I don't think you look that better
probably then the the lighting was a
little weird as it was the lighting of
my cat by the shadow on my eyes and so
big because you had the shadow and you
had the shadow on your face and so I had
to light for your face and what that
meant was the side of your face you
could have said something I take the cap
I didn't notice when we're filming it's
a very different rich what you're cute
with the human eye sees versus what the
camera okay it's very okay so I color
corrected the best I could
rich might have looked a little extra
pale we will work on a better lighting
arrangement for the next episode
G shots four four two one motherfucking
months in a row says thanks for all the
streams guys and come tremendous thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it
he's true we really do and it's also
true I'm not good at lighting
