Stream(featuring Zelda)(Part 3)
April 18, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d0nud5pFdTc

at least you didn't die an embarrassing
death yeah
yes still I still might fall into the
into the goop the goop the swamp goop
yeah well don't do it now because I want
to laugh at you if you do and I get it
okay yet to be facing the wall I was
facing it originally and he just kept
sliding past it
that one so much for that breaking open
good whoop-dee-doo Jack leave I'm here
now that's fine I got some water why is
the leg so bad what leg game leg ass leg
chat leg all the legs frame brain is
dead no yeah I don't know man I don't
know it happened sometimes we don't know
we're looking into it we're looking into
getting a PC only for streaming that is
something we can plug the gaming PC in
do yeah so the gaming PC isn't doing any
of the streaming work it's just worrying
about the game sure and even right now
the PC isn't doing anything you know the
the switches and the PC is only taking
it in and we're still getting shit so
we're still getting shit which might
just be because of the external capture
card but if we had an internal capture
card something plugged directly into the
motherboard we might not get the
framerate drops
yeah maybe or it could be an Internet
issue we don't know
I thought it was emulated no no this is
build a mini PC flat why does it have to
be mini we'll just need a PC I don't
care if it's big yeah just I mean just
anything anything that works well I'm
looking into it I'm doing some research
there is some there is some debate on
the thing that is important for
streaming and I'm trying to cut through
the trying to cut through the noise to
find the correct thing there's a thing
out here right what I think there's a
thorn up there yeah nice royal wonder oh
sexy
hey fuck that Club I just like I threw
it like it it's like it's like it's a
piece of shit yeah like it's fucking
garbage yeah I threw it like it was
fucking garbage Jack you know why cuz
there's fucking garbage like normally I
just drop a weapon yeah you're throwing
it away from you what's the
replayability um not as good as the
first time when you're actually
discovering for the first time but it's
fine oh I think it's great I think you
know yeah there there are some like
puzzles that I'll remember and go oh
yeah and just and and figure it on out
real simple but I haven't played this
since it originally came out and I am
having a ton of fun playing it again I
am finding areas that I didn't find the
first time I'm doing things I didn't do
the first time see I think I was just
pretty damn thorough the first time that
could be that could me did you get all
the shrines the first time all the
shrines no I don't say I did oh okay I'm
pretty sure I've seen everything
gotcha and I didn't
but what do you see ice rod ice rod so
I'm finding this game to be pretty darn
replayable because I didn't do
everything the first time nice dodge
change the weapon she's got too many
weapons I'll save that one oh snap whoa
there you go nice catch on the back on
the back it's a boomerang motherfucker
motherfuckers never heard of Australia
you just koala on his ass oh oh oh we
got a sphere back nope oh they'll be
more boomerangs you're lost tip they'll
be more boomerang there will be more
boomerangs but nothing will be as good
as that boomerang don't worry it's big
he'll kind of don't you kind of don't
I mean my major extra hearts sure I'm
saving that for oh shit moments yeah
yeah sometimes you don't know when the
ownership moments having that get that
one almost killed you that dude almost
killed you with all of our Australian
paraphrasing and general is i
generalizing punk side and says great
jack now some Australian is gonna make a
documentary about us yeah Crocodile
Dundee
I felt I don't want a problem with
Crocodile Dundee I'm not here disturb
shit I just thought that was a funny
comment anxiety objective Jack I don't
know why you're laughing Crocodile
Dundee is very offensive okay wait I
have a legitimate question that some
people so nobody is allowed to enjoy
Crocodile Dundee right and obviously
that was not the point of the approve
documentaries just one dudes opinion but
I have a legitimate question about
crocodile thong yeah he's Paul Hogan
Australian he's being an offensive
stereotype of an Australian that doesn't
matter that he's a strong oh I know I
just did not know if he was actually in
Australian I'm I'm willing to bet he is
okay think he is oh okay great III had
no I I just you I knew where you were
going with that I was like wait a minute
he's probably not Australian have I been
lied to my whole life it was a general
it was a genuine shock to me when I
found out that that guy in a short
circuit was Fisher Stevens say I don't
know I don't know I don't know Fisher
Stevens I don't know but it looks like
when he's not all made up right when
he's not in quite literal Brown face
what else is he in hackers have you seen
hackers no no he's in things he's in
stuff okay he was in stuff back in the
day and you know because I saw
short-circuit when I was so young I
didn't realize that that was not an
Indian man did he
do a good acting job in a comedy was he
funny character yes I'll give a shit
it's it's it's strange it's strange okay
it's strange that they didn't just you
know hire an Indian actor that's acts as
if is fucking great hackers is a that's
a that's a fun that's a fun okay have
you seen hackers no but maybe he was
legitimately the best person for the
part maybe he was legitimately the best
person for the part maybe maybe you know
historically there's been some problem
with people painting themselves to look
like minorities in performer okay okay
an early speaking were pretty respectful
of stuff like that and if he was the
best actor for the part why not have him
play you know a white scientist with a
heavy Indian accent or you know no
accent it's it's almost as if it was a
lazy stereotype joke and they were
trying to get cheap laughs out of a
goofy accent oh it's almost as if okay
what's the problem with that it's the
cheap jokes at the expense of at the
expense of people I don't see the mobs
that are running around hating Indians I
just don't see the hate
okay there were those guys that they
just they they just found guilty like
this group of dudes who were planning on
bombing a bunch of Indians in in
retaliation to 9/11 they were planning
like well that's just an idiot right
right but that's like fresh news it's
hot fresh news they just found this
group of dudes guilty who were literally
going around hating Indians but it's a
thing yeah it's it's a thing as it turns
out racist people exist sure yeah I've
never claimed that racism doesn't exist
right comedy uses stereotypes absolutely
that's what comedy does absolutely what
we're advocating for when we don't want
people to use stereotypes at all in any
way shape or form is the death of comedy
no I don't think that's what I think
you're taking that to an extreme my
friend
we might be advocating for the death of
lazy comedy
we did we can we slid right back into we
slid it right back into this talk it's
true
it's either All or Nothing right that's
the problem that's the problem that's
true that's true
remember that guy right here in Oak
Creek that like shot up the Sikh temple
because they were brown people
they weren't even the right kind of
brown you know yeah so no so when you
when you say I don't see mobs of people
going after Indians like literally it
happened around a corner for we're
talking about somebody who was so stupid
yeah he didn't know the difference
between a Sikh and Muslim Brian I've
been shooting any of these people is a
good of course of course of right but I
guess what I'm saying is there are
people who go around attacking groups of
Indians all right all right
that's what we're saying is a poo is the
same thing as shooting up the Sikh
temple absolutely okay okay if I don't
think that's what we're saying at all
but I like it let's just go with it ah
that's great that's great I think ya
know rich knows how to simplify things
so everyone can understand that's the I
think that's a good tip gobbledygook s'
says pillars of eternity too is out soon
a sequel to the obsidian RPG it mostly
takes place on your sailboat and the
developers said they took inspiration
from FTL for the ship combat come in a
switch to do you know what pillars of
eternity is or pillars of eternity to
know neither do I
neither do I got with lyrics I'm sorry
I've never heard of pillars of eternity
what do we got here James
jamming ttan says I desperately want to
play blood-borne but I refuse to buy
another console what do you think the
chances are that I'll be able to play
blood-borne on PC in five years I'm not
opposed to emulators well I wouldn't
count on anything later in five verse
ps4 emulator in five years you're not
gonna you're not going to see that yeah
probably you might see a steam version
of blood-borne sometime after the PS 5
comes out sure and Sony doesn't care as
much anymore how long did it take Dark
Souls to come to PC that's the question
for chat then for chat how someone tell
me how long it took dark souls to come
to PC because I know that was a console
exclusive for awhile
right I don't know the history oh it
only took a year oh then never mind then
never mind a better comparison is
demon's soul which is still not on pc
all right that's fair and that's true
mr. Shah files
mr. shy smile says Dark Souls is
different Jack Sony didn't pay for it
you're absolutely correct you're
absolutely correct so yeah with that
that could be a straight-up never coming
to PC but I bet in five years you might
be able to find a cheap enough ps4
Oh my doorman idiot what are you doing
emulation is the only way blood-borne
comes to PC possibly possibly a lot can
happen in five years a lot can happen
is there a ps3 emulator is that a thing
on the PC if there is it's probably in
the earliest stages and not working very
well right and how long has the ps4 go
now and we still don't have a properly
working ps3 emulator yeah it's gonna be
a while which is why I'm saying like if
you really want blood-borne in the next
five years my guess is in five years you
can find it just a cheap enough ps4 out
there what hate you box just rack just
some rocks final rack that's fine just
react this isn't even the rights the
tower that's by the reader areas oh I
don't know where you are
this game is big it is it's a very big
game which is nice I don't know where
you are at the moment so it's hard it's
hard for me to say gobbledygook says
also if given the chance I think rich
will really enjoy battle tech by
Harebrained Schemes published by Paradox
berry in-depth system turn-based
location damage and an epic
single-player campaign okay is it
actually out now the the key that we got
was like for the you know was a like an
early buy thing I don't know if I'm
officially out yet I do believe it's an
early access but chat said a little
reminder to remind me to give rich that
key it was gifted
it was gifted to us though I assume it
was meant for rich because you've talked
about battle probably so the turn-based
game yeah that's probably yeah yeah yeah
yeah not eggs I know we normally it's
remembered to buy eggs I have plenty of
eggs I'm good on eggs
Chad isn't a PDA dammit
Chad helps me remember a lot of things
okay Tobin the gnome thank you for the
tip says keep up the good work have
either of you seen the new Andre the
Giant documentary I haven't cared about
pro wrestling in 30 years and still
found it fascinating I caught the first
like 5-10 minutes and I'm so hyped to
watch the rest of it it looks good it's
good it looks neat oh this is the right
one okay oh you saw it he's not the
whole thing yeah okay
somebody somebody uploaded it to fucking
YouTube and it didn't get taken down I'm
like fucking I'm watching right here
toss it like rich now you have to mail
HBO like $2 before I hope they took it
down yeah but the whole thing was just
right stuck in there you have to
physically mail them two dollars in cash
actually I'd be pretty funny I don't
even know how that happens in this day
and age right with autumn a must event
like had some sort of filter around it
or flipped backwards yeah something to
get to get the bots how do you get past
the Autobots
unless HBO didn't submit it for
automated claims because they they
didn't think anyone would would get it
up in time who knows but I saw the first
couple minutes of and I liked it looked
pretty good pretty hyped for it was good
I think for the most part it was shit I
kind of already knew oh okay but it's
good you yeah you were more into the the
older wrestling scene than I was and so
it's fascinating yeah the older
wrestling specifically the older I don't
give a shit what the fuck they're doing
now but back in the day when I was just
these extreme personalities on the road
yeah
fairly crazy there's good stories
there's good old school wrestling
stories yeah especially when they
they're still trying to pretend it's
real yes and occasionally the public
tries to murder them literally oh man
this is dope bobby heenan where somebody
started shooting at him finding audience
they pulled out I somebody pulled a gun
on Bobby Heenan so these people are
idiots but a but hey there you go that's
great that's great
moderate a read the script and then I
went to work and I read the script yeah
no I don't think I don't think modern
there's gonna be many fun modern
wrestling stories right well did the
thing that Vince McMahon told me to do
the fun modern wrestling stories are
about crafting the storyline I consulted
with the writers in wardrobe right but
like that's internet like to a writer
that's interesting that we go well
here's how we here's how we reimagine
the you know the this storyline it's
just different now yeah
what was jake the snake' story he had a
snake in a bag that was his story like
he had a bag with a snake in it and he
would bring the snake out every once in
a while yeah that's that was this what's
the question what was Jake the snakes
bit he had a snake I don't think they
talked about him in the aundre
documentary no I think they was asking
in general
well yeah weird the more that Jake the
snake than that he had a snake in a bag
you know some horrible substance abuse
problems oh this this there's some
creepy shit that went on in that man's
life well I'm sure listen they're
professional wrestlers I'm I can't
imagine many of them have their shit
together from the beginning I don't I
don't want to get into it because I
don't remember what I wasn't there's
something really weird with him and his
father okay really I don't remember what
it was but it was something insanely
fucked up all right all right that's
fair
molecular Lionel says hey Jack what's
your thoughts on the works of philip k
dick just finished valise and reread a
Scanner Darkly and i'm always impressed
by his writing thanks dudes
I know his stories III don't know if
I've ever like read any of them but I
know you know they're just in the ether
in the zeitgeist but I've never read any
philip k dick I was kind of know that
they exist so I have nothing to add to
this conversation many apologies they
just wanted me to say dick probably I'll
say it a couple more times
dick dick and one more a dick
Michael the Cody says hey Jack and rich
you fucks I just got promoted at work
and I'm feeling amazing is a review of
The Blob remake coming is there a plan
to review the Beyond by Luxio fault
cheap hmm I'm probably not gonna be
reviewing any faulty movies you don't
think yeah all right sorry I don't know
Zach of the actors that's that's
interesting I don't know if I want to
bring it up though maybe another day
that is interesting if true valiant
bloodshot says Jack thanks for your tips
for shaving my head Oh even want to
waste your hearts I mean they don't go
away don't go away probably do it yeah
use one of your lesser ones let's see
here commodore bloodshot was a success
at awesome town i won't keep the shaved
head because i look a little too much
like Ed Norton in American History X
that's that's a smart call than valiant
bloodshot and smart call even you know
once you figure out how to beat these
guys even the major tests and strengths
are nothing it's all just the pattern
and if you fuck up the deal a lot of
damage oh sure
that's what amazing yep that's our using
just do it no matter won't matter
thoughts on Xena fucking love Xena back
in the day that was my that was my
Saturday afternoon is Xena and Hercules
I've never seen a single episode of Xena
or Hercules
really oh they're fun fun schlock man
just silly I'm a worrier Schlag ya know
I was good that was good silly fun that
was that was good silly fun Xena and her
and the adventures of Hercules Kevin
Sorbo
Lucy Lawless that other girl now Kevin
Sorbo can only get work in in in
Christian propaganda movies poor Kevin
Sorbo well I think he is a believer
though I think just he's doing what he
wants to do oh yeah then good for him I
think it's a Kirk Cameron type scenario
oh he still wanted to act but he wanted
to do it with a purpose gotcha gotcha
the crossover episodes were great oh man
I loved it I probably watched every
single episode of Xena Warrior Princess
and Hercules that was good that was good
stuff some that was some early we're
gonna start filming everything in New
Zealand and produced by me
samer thank you thank you produced by
Sam Raimi of course had Ted Raimi Emma
in it had a had oh my god why can't I
think of his name the chin first
campbell bruce campbell bruce campbell
first campbell directed a few episodes
great it was great
I like to know highly recommend ten out
of ten did I watch the Hercules TV movie
I if it was on TV I probably did what
was more campy Xena or Hercules oh man
they were all over the place I want to
say at one point there was a point in
Hercules there was a point in Hercules
where like Hercules who actually like
talked to gods every once in a while
like had a conversation with someone who
is like trying to preach Christianity
he's like yeah only one God get out of
town like that was an actual episode of
Hercules but you know then they'd have
episodes of Xena where she was like
taking a bath with her female friend and
they were just like the fanservice was
dialed to 11:00 so the camp was all over
the place I was aware of them I was
aware they were can't be I just never I
don't know why you know good reason to
step down to watch him oh sure well you
know I'm a few years younger than you
yeah I was probably I was probably at
that prime age where maybe you were a
little too old for them I don't know
that's true I don't even know that's
true okay
Rinne lad neither richer I have seen the
new season of ash I'm waiting the bench
yeah neither we haven't seen it we can't
talk about
doot-doot as rich watched the expansion
have you seen any of the expansions not
or the new season just started new
season just started you start off with
the bang it's so awesome so fucking good
Oh sci-fi shenanigans it's great it's
fucking great you know it's been kind of
flatlining for me though and I know you
won't care about this because you
haven't seen it but the chat might is
the new season of Legion okay that that
first season of Legion like that's the
you know the show about the Xavier son
oh yeah yeah in the comics he's Xavier
son it's you know a little nebulous in
the show but you know he's a psychic
with powers to literally alter reality
and he thinks he's a crazy person and so
then just trying to figure out like
what's crazy and what is me actually
fucking with reality yeah really great
season 1 of Legion is fucking beautiful
and weird and has a really unique
aesthetic and it's great season to it I
don't know if it's just because now I
expect weird and it's not being more
weird you know what I'm saying so you
want to be more fucked up I want it to
be more fucked up and it's already
pretty fucked up but it's about the same
level of fucked up that season one was
and there's no escalation and so like
I'm still enjoying it but it's it's
fallen a little flat for me I know there
was there was a psychic battle that was
shown to us as a dance battle it was
three different psychic Minds that were
fighting each other and it was shown to
us as a choreographed a dance sequence
because it's great
oh I'm still no I'm not so itself so you
do pop out itself huh interesting
I'm being picky with wrong stuff I know
I know I'm overall it's still it's still
a good show and I'm enjoying the I am
enjoying the the mystery and the story
of this season and good character
development I know I'm being picky I'm
still enjoying it but you know could be
enjoying it more no no of Isaiah they
weren't doing interpretive dance it was
an actual dance battle because that's
how weird the show can be sometimes
anonymous says
says nothing maybe hold on let me read
this okay I think I think we've had
enough politics for one night well then
just you know I'm just a lot of people
rehashing things we've already talked
about and so that's the real thing it's
just a lot of rehashing and so anonymous
I thank you for your tip don't we don't
don't about politics I know they've paid
for it yeah but if we read it we're all
gonna pay for it yeah first of all first
of all rich ten points ten points for
that for that wicked wordplay my friend
a ad taqwah says hey guys loved the last
best of the worst rich your look of
absolute shock while watching Faust was
priceless but Jack and J's sold the
movie for me yeah they loved it
legitimately
it's and you guys can't fully appreciate
how bizarre the tonal shifts are until
you watch it I really recommend given
that a watch going from the super goopy
body horror to Faust being quite
literally the mask just doing that goofy
rubber facial nobody's stop man
right it was great it was it's great
highly recommend highly recommend LaVon
what do you think of Kendrick Lamar's
Pulitzer Prize winning damn good good
for Kendrick it's a fine album fine
album Kendrick Lamar's damn just won a
Pulitzer Prize for a musical composition
and it was the first piece of what was
it it's it's the first piece of non jazz
non classical music to win Pulitzer yeah
so congratulations mr. Lamar this is
fine out fine fine album
radicals got me that's right
Rich's reaction is whoo he's one of them
hip hoppers but if you are into the hip
hop I do recommend given damn I'll
listen to it is a fine album that's the
thing I don't know if anyone knew they
gave up Hewlett sirs for music until
Kendrick Lamar won and I go what they do
this because finally like someone one
who actually has an audience who isn't
classical or jazz oh that's so
interesting
he's yes yes cinnamon he is one of them
talk singers you got it yeah no three 6
mafia won an Oscar I think three 6 mafia
was the first hip-hop group to win an
Oscar for Best Musical score is might be
what you're thinking about
your Grammy was that it I don't know
listen all sorts of all sorts of there's
there's a lot of awards happening lots
of awards
oh shit that's me right there oh yeah
they're all over the place
nice
these are these are lizards with lasers
you're absolutely right laser lizards
technically electric arrows I like laser
lizards better
there's no laser involved that's true it
just looks kind of like a laser and it's
funner it's more fun to say so what
exactly is the goal of playing through
this again many days it's enjoyable to
play through it but I was gonna be more
of a dick okay
many people enjoy video games because
they they bring you something we humans
refer to as happiness a challenge and
invention yes
you see it's enjoyable to go through an
adventure and pretend to be someone else
while going on that adventure this game
is quite enjoyable
ask if we're gonna do this right the
fucking master sword challenge oh yeah
yeah you will I can't even get through
these dweebs without taking damage
yeah well that's that's why I think it's
it's not a streamable that's that's like
a sit down like I'm gonna figure this
out kind of moment these humans they
enjoy this fun I shall try it
this reminds me of when you give the
doll her hairpin back and she goes east
what is this is this what you call joy
huh I am feeling something you might
know has happiness
hmm basically he's you know what he's a
cookie yeah we'll get to streaming some
other games a little bit this is this is
nice I know you know God of War is
coming out which we're gonna play which
will take up some time so I'm trying to
get through this as much as I can before
God of War comes out which old you just
takes up more of my time split your time
between both you know I don't I don't I
don't have that much time children
children children fucking the the
killers of time they're getting older
now so I'm getting I'm getting more
every year every day I get more time
back and it's a glorious thing sometimes
you don't know how much time you have
until it's gone someone wrote a song
about that once it was called the phone
song what I was reading Chet you said
something about a thong song and I am
now thoroughly confused where I wasn't
before it was just a really bad joke it
was just a really bad joke that I was
saying and it was it was a joke only for
me the sometimes you don't you don't
really enjoy something until it's taken
away from you can't really enjoy it
until it's gone you don't know what you
had told god someone wrote a song about
that once it was called the thong song
that was my joke god of war is going the
nine Uncharted last of us round maybe
maybe if maybe it did look like there
was gameplay and the bit of trailer I
saw he's got an axe
maybe maybe they've struck a better
balance maybe hey we'll find out and
make one of them videos about it where
we talks about him the great
it'll be great tired and sad said is the
Walking Dead's repetitious storylines
and constant use of gimmicks proof that
basing a series around a zombie
apocalypse is inherently limited I don't
know there's only so much in nihilism a
show can handle I don't know I still
haven't I still haven't seen much past
the first season sure I don't think the
premise of like zombie apocalypse is
limited I think the scope in which a
television production wants to move past
the actual zombies is limited if if we
actually moved forward like if they got
to like rebuilding and like actually
like rebuilding a simple societal
structure that could be really
interesting but of course you would lose
most of your fans because they just want
to see the zombies in the blood and guts
and so you don't have a you don't have a
limited story you have a limit in
ambition and scope but you know to me
that idea of like hey let's actually
start building could be really
fascinating but they're never gonna do
it because they know that their money is
made in the blood and guts it would take
creativity yeah and and it would take a
willingness to actually risk something
risking alienating your audience to
actually move the story forward the the
problem with the Walking Dead isn't the
nihilism or the violence or the
repetitive storylines it's their it's
their inability to move the characters
forward they've been stuck in this who's
the real monster bull
shit for eight seasons now we if you if
you think about it we are the walk-in
dead coral yeah we got that we got that
in the first season you dummy his friend
just died on him and he went to sleep
his friend literally fell on him and
died and and while he passed out he was
saying he was so freaked out that he
passed like maybe the weren't friends
maybe just didn't like him much so he
sees him dying is like a good that dick
had always ate my lunch right my name on
my sandwich every day and put it in the
refrigerator whirl coral maybe we're the
walk and dead Coral
did they really have to explain the
title no but they might as well have at
this point in the show I don't know if
anyone actually okay said that okay but
by the way I would not be surprised if
someone actually did no one would be
surprised if someone literally said that
so you guys heard how they screwed over
the actor that played Carl no I did not
i I haven't been paying attention to the
walking dead I stopped watching a bit
ago because I because I got fatigued
this is the worst situation we've ever
been in far worse than what happened a
couple months ago that was the worst
situation that we've ever been in so
what you're saying is it's like ultimate
spider-man it's it's exactly like
ultimate smite well we get ultimate
spider-man gave us a little bit of
character development okay okay it's far
worse than ultimate spider-man but yes
yes on on that note of everything that
happens is the biggest and worst thing
that ever happened and it's only going
to get
and more Worster but with ultimate
spider-man you know maybe maybe he did
something to further himself as a
character he got a new job or somehow
the Gina suave says you wish Walking
Dead was as exciting his ultimate
spider-man
was it not exciting I thought there was
a lot of murder it there there is a
couple really solid seasons at once you
get past season two which is a bit of a
slog near the midway point of season 2
like if things start picking up again
and it there are some legitimately good
seasons good gore dramatic moments neat
situations but then you know the worst
thing happens and then a worser thing
happens and then the worst worse earth
it worse testing yes yes and then they
finally find a place they can find home
only then the worst thing happens but
then then they move on and finally find
a place that they can call home but then
they discover that they're the real
monster you know you know it gets tiring
but there's like three maybe even four
good seasons in there okay so it's not
all bad it's just you know unfortunately
it's ended on a sour note for me so
that's all I can think of now
that I mean that first episode of The
Walking Dead is one of one of one of the
greatest pilots on television one of the
best zombie movies yeah not one of the
best zombie movie ever made there's an
argument for that absolutely it's rare
it's very good and I'd argue that that
whole first season is pretty all right I
think he got I think my big problem with
the first season is he got to his wife a
little too soon yeah I would have
preferred that yeah been drugged dragged
out a little bit drugged out yeah Ryan
why if you got bored with Episode one
then it's just not the show for you yeah
absolutely
I do I can talk pretty decent bullshit
had I had I'd taken that path in life I
probably could have talked enough
bullshit to to make a TV show or movie I
made the smart decision kept my sanity
and stayed in Milwaukee which I'm very
grateful for I don't think I would
thrive in a in a Hollywood type
situation I can talk enough bullshit
though to make some stuff happen I can
see Jack doing a Salesman pitch I've
pitched I've pitched in the day I've
made some shit happen that's just not my
scene though
like on the wrong way mi no oh no no
yeah you're there this is this is the
this is the crazy roundabout way to get
there you know which of course is the
scripted scene the scripted way to get
there I don't feel like try to climb
watching what rocks yeah
did you go to film school with rich Jack
I didn't meet Jack until seven years ago
right it wasn't that long ago and I
don't think either of us went to film
school so no no I did not meet rich in
film school
what that's usually my go-to joke when
I'm on a shoot when I'm on a commercial
shoot which is I I have a go-to joke hey
everyone
no one loves it but they all placate me
in laughs alone which is you know where
we get word like we're on a product shot
and I say oh well hold on we gotta we
got to focus here I just gotta take a
moment to focus you know that's that's
uh that's one of the first things they
teach you in film schools always have
you know I have the product in focus and
they go haha and I'm just I'm just
kidding I never went to film school they
usually get a kick out of that
they don't really but they placate me
and that's the nice thing I get fired
soon after yeah it's usually not a good
thing to say I know wah wah what are you
gonna do nothing you can't you can't do
anything
gave four quarters says with all these
nauseating Star Wars sequels coming out
from here to eternity do you think it
might be the right time for us
baseball's the sequel I don't know I
don't know man
no Brooks is getting up there it's like
he wouldn't be helming it probably at
this point would be my guess
yeah probably not I mean he's still out
there he's still you know yeah yeah he
still I've seen him in recent recent ish
interviews he still seems pretty sharp
yeah but is he gonna be directing a
movie right does he still have that much
chutzpah left in him who knows
Spaceballs the sequel that could happen
the search for more money that was the
joke and faithfulness I'll see you in
the sequel space falls the space falls
to the search for more money by that
token they have to do history of the
world part too but like yeah there there
is a decent-enough gag in just a
Spaceballs sequel i've just blatantly
cash grabbing an old franchise I don't
know if Mel Brooks cares to make that
movie probably not right my guess yeah
Mel Brooks is still pretty sharp but
he's also old enough where he doesn't
give a fuck about anything anymore
so he's not gonna do it unless he wants
to do it and and you are very right
ruthless donut eater 22 Jump Street
already made that joke and made it
pretty damn well
which one the the sequel as a cash grab
and okay dig and actually both of both
the Jump Street movies do a really good
job at making fun of the idea of digging
up old franchises for modern remakes
which is again why Lord and Miller would
be perfect for a han Solo movie that
Disney would ever want to make exactly
oh my god I did not deploy my parachute
I noticed that and I was very surprised
by that that's why I said oh my Gil I'm
people people aren't talking about those
Jump Street movies as much as I think
they should be those were those are
solid movies those are song you know
what did I see recently with uh with
Tatum Tatum Channing it I thought you
know what I saw did you see the Logan
lucky no no it's an interesting movie
you know it's it's kind of build as a
redneck Ocean's eleven yeah as they it's
a heist movie but they're their heist in
NASCAR their heist and money from the
bond yeah Daniel Craig is in it and and
kylo Ren is in it and Channing Tatum and
some other people Katie Holmes is in it
I was actually I didn't know she was in
it I was really surprised to just see
her in a movie again but it's alright
it's not great it's a little slow
because it's it's like Ocean's eleven
without that like style and flair and
you go oh that's it's kind of made
Ocean's eleven really cool is the style
and flair but it's like it's alright
yeah it's on Amazon if you if you're an
Amazon Prime member you can watch it for
free that's why I watched it I was like
oh yeah I remember hearing and stuff
about this movie we should watch it and
Lisa fell asleep so but I mean that
shouldn't be a marker she falls asleep
during a lot of movies but that's Karen
I know it's by the same director as
Ocean's eleven but it is also an Ocean's
eleven movie without any of the style or
Flair quite purposefully because like
they're going for a a countryroads
version of of Ocean's eleven so you know
it's a lot slower paced a lot it's like
Ocean's eleven with a drawl and you know
what it feels kind of slow and like a
drawl literally everyone in the world
significant other falls asleep during
movies why is that I think that's very
true
shakes don't Dead movies they just want
to spend times with their boyfriends
don't you think you think you think your
girlfriend wants to see transformers
maybe things I won't
doggish wants to cuddle I usually like
Lisa's pretty upfront with me what it's
like when it's time to pick a movie you
know like there's there's a couple
options and then you should be like well
oh I want to see that one but you know I
don't know if you'll like it you might
like this one so maybe we should watch
this one she goes no watch whatever you
want I'm gonna fall asleep I was like
okay well that's fair
you know usually she's pretty upfront
with me
where are we going anonymous says the
path to Zoro's domain is a great place
to farm arrows a hundred and fifty
arrows a run that resets every Blood
Moon there you go you know what that's a
quick tip quick Zelda tip from anonymous
you're welcome
yes sure hi rich says anonymous does low
does this whole cobalt issue my horse
falling off a cliff
yeah account as Jack helping you off a
horse the only reason I was okay reading
that is because that he definitely
messed up the order in which that would
have been a properly a properly funny
joke I'm gonna be okay with that
you tried anonymous you really did you
really tried and you know
congratulations tired and sad since
season one of The Walking Dead had an
episode where they explored the zombie
biology at the CDC which was like an
updated Day of the Dead pretty good okay
did you did you watch you watch season
one right yeah yeah so you remember that
you remember and when they got to the to
the place I don't remember the biology
lesson here of the dead yeah remember
like this like years ago sure sure they
did it they did a some slight
explanation some some meat
some meats you know story spoilery stuff
of course it's way past spoiler
territory button yeah and that was that
was good I actually I really liked it
when they were when they were there that
the the finale of season 1 pretty neat
over at the CDC
did we wash man in the high castle what
did you think if you did there's no one
to root for in that show that was my
main problem with it sure sure I want
man in the high castle yeah who don't
know is the the alternate history what
if Hitler won World War two and the
United States is kind of controlled by
like it's like split down the middle
it's controlled by Germany and Japan
right like Nazi Germany
well Nazi Germany like has everything
from the East Coast through the Midwest
and like Japan has just a little bit of
the west coast right right so yeah it's
a neat what-if alternate history thing I
watched the entire first season and
thought it was okay like you said you
don't really have anyone to root for it
everyone's kind of a scumbag yeah but
you know kind of interesting kind of
exactly when season two came out we did
try to watch the first episode tonight
cuz we know for all yeah we're okay with
season one and had completely forgotten
who everyone was and what they were
doing and they didn't do a recap they
didn't do like a season 1 recap or
anything I was like what's up who arm
what's going on who are all these people
and why are they doing the things
they're doing it was so fucked first
time I ever saw one of those to start
watching season 2 of never remember the
series of unfortunate events with Karen
oh yeah
Karen loves that series or should I say
I made a recap it's cute it's a cute -
Neil Patrick Harris Netflix he's hamming
it up and he's enjoying it he is having
the time of yeah fucking life I've never
seen an actor have so much fun and pull
it off like I've seen actors have fun
before but he pulls it off no and every
every time they mentioned like you know
sure people used to go see plays but now
they watch quality streaming television
at home and then look to camera it's
great that's oh that's a fun show that
Lemony Snicket
you can't hate Neil Patrick Harris it's
true he's just too good a dude so in any
case man in the high castle no one to
really root for you don't care you don't
care about so you don't care about
anyone so you don't really remember why
they're doing any of the things that
they're doing is I guess to the point of
it and I yeah I fell off when season two
came out and I just don't care we were
talking about man in the high castle and
now we're talking about Lemony Snicket
which is a very fun show yeah I don't
know how they transitioned but I'll
recap recaps yeah I think that's
important especially if they're like if
there's a large amount of time between
seasons fucking just put it on YouTube
make it simple like just put it out
there just so people can catch up and be
like oh yeah these are all the important
things that I'm supposed to remember I
think that's I think it's good season
two of Westworld is coming out soon and
I loved season 1 season 1 was great so I
think I'm gonna remember everything but
I yeah yeah little recap would be nice
the who did a really good job of that
since eight which is a show a Netflix
original show by the Wachowskis they
didn't do a previously on recap
yeah but they spent a good chunk of
season 2 episode 1 very naturally
reminding everyone what happened it was
just it was just solid writing like oh
hey and it was it cuz it wasn't anything
as cheesy as remember when this happened
months ago they dropped all the
important notes in the first 10 20
minutes I heard it didn't get renewed it
did not get renewed we are gonna get a
movie ending okay so they're gonna
they're gonna pile everything into a
movie just get it get a satisfying
ending
net fix Netflix is paying for or this is
something doing on their own I believe
was financing I believe Netflix is
paying for a guy whose high it won't you
know it won't be another season but
it'll be something for those of us who
liked it which and I'm sure the movie
will be a like if the movie is gonna be
two hours it's gonna be an hour and a
half of a psychic orgy and then like 30
minutes of wrapping up the story which
is fine there are a lot of psychic
orgies there's a there's a fair number
of psychic orgies and sense aides okay
so which I'm totally okay with it works
this is a science fiction show or a
fetish thing both it's a good size you
know it's it's a it's uh it's what if
what if people have an extra sensory way
to communicate telepathically with other
people in little clusters it clusters of
eight if you will sense eight Steve what
is the ongoing
I love this conversation yeah you know
now it's I like sentence eight cents
eight is worth it for the pure
filmmaking alone so you know they do
this thing where people have psychic
connections with other people who are
halfway around the globe right but the
way they shoot and edit those sequences
we're like half of the conversation is
in New York and the other half is in
South Africa the way they cut people
together in that conversation should be
taught in classrooms it's perfect and
beautiful filmmaking and it's classic
white cows quiche Locke alongside that
we're you know one of the people in the
cluster just happens to be a karate
expert so so so then anyone in the
cluster can use their karate expertise
to be AB in a badass fight it's great
okay
it's fucking okay convenient karate it's
it's it's my kind of movie I tell you
what
nope I think they made the sense8 film
wrap up in case the white ass keys ever
decide to do a matrix TV show that way
netflix won't have burnt any bridges
that's very possible say would there be
much hype for a Netflix matrix show
matrix is still name people know yeah
but do you care what happens with the
matrix university guy no no man I
stopped caring after after the movie
right after the first movie though the
Animatrix was pretty neat
I ain't seen it I've heard of it it
states neat you know it's just little
other stories in the matrix universe but
then you also have the bonus of really
neat and unique animation styles so that
was a little bonus yeah well and yeah a
lot of people like Hannah matrix that's
great Anna matrix is really neat but you
also get like I said different different
art styles that make it that make it
more interesting
really what if you running jumping oh I
just wrote long back up
Animatrix is better than 90% of the
matrix and Animatrix is easily better
than either of the sequels
easily remember how to do this and I
don't don't quite remember how to do
this pretty sure I just you guys may
like orphan black I like orphan black
nope
rich that is not how you do that that is
not how you do that wykowski Speed Racer
show a Speed Racer is one of those
movies that does not get the love it
deserves Speed Racer was a fucking great
movie did they do that yeah they did
them it got a lot of flack because you
know is one of those all CG dealios
everything was on a green screen but I
think Speed Racer is beautiful great
action over the over the top in just the
right way oh yeah
dumbass I'm just a dumbass smile
sometimes but you figured it out that's
the important part I don't think I ever
got her off that way
oh the last playthrough I don't think I
did that I presume responds I presume
don't watch Speed Racer on acid that is
that life let life tip right there life
tip I think speed race is great but I
don't know I don't know if they would
ever do a Speed Racer series just cost
too much money they don't they don't
have that kind of CG budget at Netflix I
mean did you see altered carbon they
don't they don't get a lot of they don't
got a lot of effects budget
go old-school make it a cartoon sure
sure sure sure
altered carbon made me realize they
didn't have a high writers budget yeah
oh man there was a lot of neat things in
Altered carbon did you end up watching
that at all no no there there were there
were a few really neat ideas and all all
completely blown all that potential
completely destroyed
Oh perfect perfect he did it having you
did it the ultra carbon books were so
legit show was that I could see that I
could see the books being good after
after the the show which fell pretty
flat I could see them being neat books
oh let's see here evil Lord David says
hey guys David here yeah I've been
playing Dungeons & Dragons lately and it
got me wondering if you've tried it or
would be interested in playing it on
streem one day thanks I love you both
now this is something that we've talked
about before which is you've never
played dynamic and Dragons no I tried to
play Dungeons & Dragons once I a very
good friend of mine was a regular D&D;
player and he convinced me to to go meet
up with his group and see if I would get
into it because I am very interested in
playing Dungeons & Dragons and I think
it's a game I would enjoy I went to his
group and they were not very welcoming
to an outsider and so I did not have a
good time and outsider amongst outsiders
exactly no one can be crueler than those
who have been cruel to that made perfect
sense but in any case I had a bad
experience so I didn't go back to it it
is something I think I would enjoy okay
you know making up stuff and and being
creative and and thinking of thinking of
ways around the puzzle and you know
rolling dice and making characters they
I think I think it's something I really
would enjoy okay I don't know if I'd
ever have the time to learn how to play
I'm rich I'm sorry jack
you shouldn't have had children one day
one day they'll be gone you should never
have had
one day one day I'll have time again so
how are we we caught up
we are almost caught up okay we were
almost caught up future future Jace's
jack i was listening to the Planet Money
podcast and they were talking about
student loans for people that couldn't
make ends meet afterwards I was
wondering did Clown College come with
huge debts no it did not
it was a relatively cheap course and
it's fine everything's fine 28th dress
says Jack a while ago my girlfriend told
me that she finds you very attractive
seriously this happened I've slowly come
to accept it I figure if I gotta get
cocked it might as well be by you what
can I say I'm a handsome dude and
anonymous says my Esso falls asleep in
the theater as well that's that straight
no its current really in the theater
huge Hitchhiker's Guide to the galaxy
fan yeah huge movie yeah in the theater
like I could see you're on the couch
no no theatre that's crazy that's crazy
yeah I'm sorry I'm sorry to you I'm
sorry to anonymous anonymous has only
one movie ever triumph bombarding her
face with a volume and sound she could
not black out motherfucking man of steel
and I see superhero movies alone now
yeah that's that's that's totally fair
yes the Hitchhiker's Guide to the galaxy
movie was bad doesn't change the fact
that she's a huge fan of the book yes
and still fell asleep during the movie I
just I much like people who are on their
phones and movie theaters I just can't
imagine like paying that kind of money
and then falling asleep we don't go to
the theater much right right that's the
answer we don't go to the theater much
no now I'm yeah not now see it now it's
got to be even worse work because all
the theaters have those super comfy
recliners there they're basically big
pillows with cupholders huh it's even
worse I think I'm done for the night
that was it
okay we're caught up we're caught up so
now let's switch over here now is the
point in the stream in which we thank
all of you lovely people who have
subscribed to us during this very stream
including my name is Tate who has
subscribed to us for thirty four fucking
months in a row and my name is States's
Amazon is killing my monthly
anniversaries pretty sure I should be
around my 90th month right now but huh
it's possible Dark Matter 433 fucking
months in a row says new razor blade
hats
bruiser Inc for 19 months in a row Wow
888 maybe max big mok's could be Mouse
telling on 444 motherfucking months in a
row
captain s WC for 17 months in a row who
says cheers mate he'll see young Halcyon
sunset Moki be 85 446 motherfucking
months in a row who says two months away
until four year anniversary OMG at four
years you guys have to dance for us
right that's fucking weird well we'll do
something
so you say we'll do so you say I got an
idea
I'm sure I'm gonna hate it Gareth Garros
clay dough 1 for 15 months in a row bad
Eddas i D I Hawaiian praying wow that's
a weird name well our that's true
gas can Prime
wiseass 781 ah Larry Kenobi 1-1 3-8
for 30 fucking months in a row Larry can
always says I have a joke for you
how did Darth Vader know what Luke
Skywalker got for his birthday he felt
his presence boring American Chuck Fox
for 13 months in a row who says you guys
want to go sledding no we shouldn't be
having this kind of snow in April this
is unusual
Ramon prestige Johnson storm Templar who
says where you can find love and Jack
can be right
I have hope to every every once in a
while I'm right about something that's
right so you you can you can to what he
who says oMG you eat it bugs --is hmm
Queen of the One Ring for 13 months in a
row who says appreciating the laughs and
entertainment even more this month well
worth my time to manually resub with
prime thing says then that's right you
know you have to hit that manual rescrew
resub button every month if you
if you subscribe to us with your free
Amazon Prime subscription which he knows
free for you and money for us
stick it to be Zoe's it's good doctors
so amazed for 36 motherfucking months in
a row yes III have I have to read this I
am obligated to read this it's part of
the time Alexa play fireworks sound
effect try to tip it's part of tip holy
fuck it worked well there you go
if they have the app installed you can
you can say her name and say Red Alert
and it plays the red alert sound from
Star Trek the original series just a
heads up if you if you're over at
someone's house it's very funny Zuki Jim
Joe gaming space show llama who says
streaming wars the winner is obviously
Amazon Prime video because of free loot
boxes in this very subscription that's
right Amazon Prime video some great
streaming quality you can even watch
livestream video game harman z4 27
fucking months in a row culture fist who
says hey like I couldn't do that one
justice Guido
anchovies Seneca 42 says love you guys
and all our LM Content pre-work prereq
shirts when is the demand of tubes
probably never when we feel like we can
sell more than
- is the is the answer goose belly
Walkman 12 dildo Calrissian the AC for
15 months in a row says hi hello I poop
glitter you do collecting data for 38
motherfucking months in a row
I'm on a whole new diet it's very it's
very shiny based it's very very unusual
collecting data because I'm not sure
their preferred pronunciation absolutely
don't assume their pronunciation says
married my best friend five years ago
we've been together 12 years it was love
at first sight my first words to him
were Kirk or Picard what do you say wait
what do you say what did you say
this is very important this is Vanna
White for collecting data because what
he said is very important there might
not even still be her we're gonna give
him a chance
Piccard all right I agree with that I've
got a keeper you got a keeper
I think they're both fine choices ah I
think so if someone chooses Kirk he's no
Picard he's different
yeah exactly death John for 17 months in
a row I'm completely lost my spot there
we go
kugel shrimp burn
I think sure sure we're gonna tribe but
yeah that could I don't even know what
that means though OOP OOP PP dad zag of
the axes 13 months in a row says yes
busy work season traveling all the time
but I still try to watch the stream as
much as possible thanks for 13 months of
entertainment you wanna do it again
baba yaga la la for 28 fucking months in
a row who says ya Cuza 6d okay Mario
Mario 42 446 motherfucking months in a
row says chapping malls on Amazon Prime
video is it worth a solo launch we're
only good in a group environment that
might be fun solo probably better with a
group better with a group it's it's not
it's not necessarily like an interesting
bad movie it's it's a good bad movie but
I wouldn't call it like interesting if
that makes any sense where it's like I
think you could watch the room alone
just to pick apart why and how and I
can't imagine watching the room alone I
think I think in that situation you can
watch that alone you just tell me I
can't even conceal I can conceive of
watching shopping mall
now a chap Mazda that's like that's a
group that's a group right there
so you have your two different answer
future future J who says future future J
says future future J says future future
J says hi grandma
Tarkin to plain Ernie says rich Evans
did nothing wrong all right rich you
pretty alright sometimes Jones live
sometimes sometimes you pretty alright
sinnerman 421 fucking months in a row
who says hey the sub is now legally able
to drink which is good considering I
have to to watch chat I don't I don't
know if many 21-month year-olds that's
how you put them down man yeah that's
how again we go to sleep rangas pu for
39 motherfucking months in a row
God eats bagels bagels
Skidmore Owings says hey Jack how's your
hog and there's a link to something
that's something I don't know what damn
croc 23 a rich with the Dragon Tattoo
gobbledygook for 44 motherfucking months
in a row who said some body once told me
the world it's gonna roll me and I ain't
the sharpest tool in the shed she was
looking kind of dumb with her finger and
her thumb in the shape of an L on her
forehead okay
five-thirty skeptic says hey guys
everything checked out the other Neil
Breen films dude sure does love playing
a hacker Jesus yeah I did watch I did
watch forehead findings okay I've talked
about this before
I've watched fateful findings and oh my
god
all right is all I can say what a
glorious day it's some day rich you some
day what what what I'm saying here is
with double down we've barely scratched
the surface of brains genius oh well oh
well it's so glorious JRR Lovecraft for
15 months in a row says just out of my
new job as an LVN what does something
nurse helping in the operating room
during okay cosmetic surgery LVN so some
kind of nurse something nurse and
assuming sure a level five nurse level
five nurse because they've stuck who
they stuck uh that actually they
actually could be accurate Roman
numerals in there helping in the
operating room during cosmetic surgery
if you're ever in redacted stop by and
say hello
yeah
no spam says oh right we're still
reading these wait this is the best of
the worst
Darth Darth Irv for thirteen months in a
row who says thanks for the continued
fun month after month would you ever
consider streaming any of the new
original Xbox games backwards compatible
with the Xbox ones like coulter or Jade
Empire neither richer I have an xbox one
yeah IDI boron for 19 months in a row by
the way we do a we do video games for a
living and we've seen no need to get an
Xbox
so they're they're having a great
console generation yeah we thought we
professionally play video gaming this
and I had an Xbox one for a little bit I
got nad don't really need it well good
yeah and boron for nineteen months in a
row
crooked spiral for 16 months sabio
Freston dr. Seberg that MC lucas for 46
motherfucking months in a row
who says you guys are the best almost
four great years can't believe it
what a wonderful day evil Lord David for
18 months as hey guys David here again
for 18 months in a row how far am i from
the stupid firecrackers another 18
months to the great firecrackers that
are of a value to our Goods continuing
subscribers they like it they all like
it they told me don't worry they told me
even if they say they didn't they don't
turds smuggler 44 who says hey guys keep
up the good work Jack hope you had fun
in Texas if you visit Austin ex let me
know and I'll tell you about all the
great burger places mustard isn't
standard here I did have a great time in
Texas why I found a really great
barbecue place Texas barbecue yeah they
did not fuck around with their barbecue
you walk it was one of those places you
walked in and immediately needed to
change all of your clothes because it
was like he just stepped into a grill
automatically just automatically gets
stains everywhere and he's like you
could feel it like you walked out of
there and it was like it was like you
were you were smoking it was gorgeous I
had a great time Texas
mr. Alex Reynolds for 19 months in a row
says Cobra a quick correction to
Chernobyl kinsmen who says mustard-based
barbecue sauce though I think that's
actually the that's Carolina barbecue is
not bad it's just it's different you
know they they do kind of the the the
the vinegar-based barbecue the mustard a
barbecue sauce and Carolina barbecue
that's not Texas barbecue they do
standard standard class barbecue soon we
were different barbecue huh - yeah
that's we were very good to extract him
where were you you were doing sobra
we're done are miller for 32 fucking
months in a row who says the coffee on
the laptop in fateful findings still
kills me to this day there's so many
things
Oh find a faithful findings there's you
the the the entirety of faithful
findings I was not physically prepared
for it was cuz I like it I was all I've
seen double down I can handle O'Neill
Bri movie you think you can handle a neo
Bri movie until you realize he has so
much more to give to the world rich he
has he has artistic value that is well
beyond our understanding as humans he
can dive deep inside an opposite reality
instead of hitting mute yeah I
accidentally hit the button that brings
us back oh sure so I kind of ruined it
oh I had it I was gonna keep on speaking