Adventures in Babysitting (pt 3)
April 22, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nLoCum1oRJg

now the light is near look for way
inside ah so many great war movies Auto
flagellate er says hey rich Auto
flagellate er yep just got caught up in
Star Trek discovery saw the review and
mostly agree with you is the discovery
replacing the enterprise-e is the ugly a
ship and Star Trek
no no but the discoveries not great
but if that's not great I don't I don't
hate the saucer section of the discovery
I hate everything else follow me all I
can think about is that triangle yeah
it's hard to think about anything other
than that ugly triangle yeah the
enterprise-e I hate every part of the
ship
I don't know the enterprise-e someone
from the later TNG movies the elongated
one I'm not even saying the saucer
section of the discovery is the best
thing ever I'm just saying if you put it
on a better engine it might look a lot
better
okay
why didn't they have to crash that the D
in that horrible generations travesty I
could be wrong but I believe the actual
reason they destroyed the D in Star Trek
generations is because look oh sorry no
I was making a penis joke oh they
destroyed the D they destroyed the cards
D man and that was really childish of me
and like you said that destroyed the D
and I giggled like a little kid I'm
sorry those two those two Klingon woman
Ursa and but or they just killed
compartment four cards D man they
destroyed it
okay because they that was a model
design for a TV show and they're making
movies now and they probably wanted
something with more detail would be my
would be my guess they actually for the
movie they actually had to go to an
older model of the enterprise-d that the
TV show had stopped using because it was
too big and heavy it was like the model
they used for the first season of T and
G then but it was a gov a model that TNG
stopped using after the first couple
seasons and they had a new lighter
smaller model but it wasn't as detailed
so they dug out the old ones like season
one
model all the space shots that they did
it like a new cost way too much money
but yeah it's great little behind the
scenes future I haven't I haven't seen
this I've liked how they shot all of the
exterior models and like it was a it was
a way bigger undertaking than anyone
thought and it costs them a shit ton of
money and it's really neat how they used
to do actually if it was interested in
kind of how they did compositing before
computer editing yeah it's a really
great little showcase of of how they had
to track the model you know model stays
still but yeah the camera moves and then
they have to do one pass on a green
screen but then they get like bleed they
have to do one pass where the lighting
is completely different so that the ship
is all in shadow and then that to do
another pass and but the camera
movements have to be exactly the same
that sounds like a pas it's a really
rich is trolling us
about what
Jack talk your mics dead my my and my
mics not that anymore Mic Check
what Mic Check one two maybe it wasn't
that looking at the wrong bar pop but it
boo repeat that whole thing there's a
great behind-the-scenes featurette on
how they did all the composite shots of
Star Trek for cuz I was looking at you
not the chat so I didn't see well sorry
everyone
jack is talking about a
behind-the-scenes featurette they did
where they did the the composite shots
for T and G yeah and there's great and
it involve multiple passes of the ship
of the camera doing the same motions
under different lighting conditions yeah
to get the look they wanted right and so
so you have you have one you have one
pass that is just kind of the standard
model on a green screen then you have
another pass where they have to light it
completely differently but the camera
has to make the exact same movement but
you have to light it so that the entire
ship is in shadow and that's how you can
do the compositing later then you have
to do another pass where all the little
lights are on and then that's your light
little pass and then you have to do one
more pass with another lighting thing
and then when you smush them all
together you can crop out just the ship
and put it above the stars and you have
to do that for every single exterior
shot of the enterprise and it was a
giant undertaking and it was it's a
really neat behind-the-scenes I think
it's on the blu-ray it's on the blu-ray
release crazy Nate $9.99 to sing the
original model the enterprise-d was
massive hey so what you're saying is
they had a massive d yes picard had a
massive D and then it had that accident
and it was all stretched out
after the accident I can't say I can't
say it was his D it kind of ruins the
joke yeah yeah it goes to the e then it
goes to B yeah I get it I get it what my
kid just said something but in any case
yeah that's how they had to do
old-school compositing and it's very
very interesting stuff and just more
star treky goodness hey elf
oh but yeah that shit looks so fucking
cool and the model was massive it was
like it was like three people big any
thoughts about art dolls passing I mean
it's sad is one of the dozens of deaths
we had recently I see love art you've
mentioned the PT Barnum of the
conspiracy nut world
I think I think I've said this before
but art art bell existed on this this
line for me or I I was never sure
listening on whether he was a true
believer or just a great showman and con
man who didn't give a shit and I was
never sure right
he found he found a stick that paid the
bills like I had people seem to like
this talking about conspiracies alright
what can we do
yeah yeah well I just did you dingus
Bell was just old people's Alex Jones no
I don't I don't think Art Bell ever
really got that political I don't I
don't know this Alex Jones get political
on his show and I'm assuming he does I'm
also assuming he does i i i only know
you know what is reported on alex jones
I've never watched a now shown so as I
remember art had no agenda and no edge
no the one that has no edge is his
replacement George Noory that man is
just flat no edge our bail was was
lyrical you see oh you talkin what he
talked it was just you want to do this
no I'm doing it very bad that was a
British accent no I'm doing it very bad
but you know I just did this musical way
to how he would speak okay he was good
he put on a good show okay
George Murray just talks about things
yeah then they're aliens and he's so
fucking dull that's too bad
boy
our goals a a classic old-school radio
guy who decided to talk about it
oh speaking of speaking of classic
old-school radio guys who passed who is
the the NPR broadcaster that just passed
recently Carl kasell oh yeah
Oh
like this is clearly a scripted segment
these guys were dying away faster than
anyone else and I'm just kind of button
mashing
this is kind of dull this might look
exciting but this is very dull
nothing's Andale fired said says finally
stop watching The Simpsons last year the
quality started to improve again a few
years the quality started to improve
again a few years ago last year they
fired composer Alf Clausen after 28
years on 0 notice by phone oh really
let's go I don't I don't know why the
show still going I don't know
right it's still running on that
momentum right
it's the Simpson fucking momentum it was
it was an unintended cultural phenomenon
must watch TV yeah it was something
incredibly unique at the time they have
fucking a lot of momentum
okay four-quarter says are you familiar
with a comedian and drunk Doug Stanhope
he has the celebrity death pool which is
like fantasy football for dead
celebrities he has friends with Charlie
Brooker of black Muir Fame uh I don't
think he invented that kind of Deadpool
I mean that's been a thing for a while
but I'm not I'm not familiar with him
yeah I don't know if I know Doug's down
we use it as a last resort
your axe I'm letting you hold my axe
tella Frank 82 says there was no
attempted rape in Full Metal Jacket
also this Hampton Heights an OK area to
stay in in Milwaukee I'll be visiting
next month I'm not especially familiar
with Hampton heights
I'm sorry Hampton heights I'm sorry
there's no there's a lot of
neighborhoods we have a lot of
neighborhoods and our neighborhoods
don't use it like we don't if you're
from my neighborhood you don't generally
go out of it like you're from that
neighborhood I don't know where
Hamptonites is but I don't uh there's no
frame yeah I must be getting my war
movies mixed up then they okay it didn't
they'll come out around the same time
all those pretty much so it's it's wrong
you guys know I'm wrong all the time
period in the 80s were there a lot of a
lot of high-profile Vietnam movies sure
that weren't just action movies right
right yeah Full Metal Jacket had cast
his war yet platoon yeah yeah all right
well fuck it
Hampton Heights where's Hampton Heights
let me look that up blouse 79 cents I
was watching a clip on YouTube where you
were discussing if it were possible to
make a movie with a silent protagonist
how did you not think of hardcore Henry
first-person silent lead doom happens
sometimes you don't think of things and
I didn't see it did you see hardcore
Hank she did not a with it though I'm
familiar with it I didn't see it so I
didn't even know that it was a sigh of
protagonist
hold on I'm looking up what was a
Hampton Heights
like the eighties market I'm what
Americans were finally comfortable
talking about Vietnam analysis jr.
Lovecraft see I'm I'm of an age where I
I don't remember anything before he yeah
I was I was born in the eighties
I remember Marvel had a Vietnam comic
the Nam
oh did that yeah Glendale yeah yeah I
don't think that's a bad area I don't
know I don't know that area very well
though I can't be of any help with you
with Hampton Heights I'm sorry every
every now and then there was a special
episode that started the Punisher in
Vietnam there Vietnam bark
jack is a millennial I think technically
I am a millennial yes the back back in
my day we called ourselves Generation Y
the as we were the apathetic generation
oh wait rich this is gonna be some story
stuff this is gonna be this is gonna be
the the point of the of the game with
rich do you remember the live-action
spider-man like wait wait wait this is
it
so the the writer of this game is the
child and their dad is always away okay
their dad is always a way and doesn't
pay any attention to them I'm sorry I I
we I have to watch this cuz you know
this is my playthrough you're gonna
you're gonna be get to play so hold off
on tips for in just a second I just want
to point out though
live-action spider-man was not The
Electric Company not Sesame Street it
was one live-action spider-man yeah was
not on Sesame Street he was not a
different show
The Electric Company okay and I am old
enough to remember that yes okay well
they go
oh here we go
this was our this is our house from the
beginning of the game this is an
important story moment kill a monster
the the reason why I laugh and the
reason why I point this out is because
generally when you're trying to make an
artistic statement you use metaphor or
subtext to get your point across and
this they're just using text but it's
black and white but it's black and white
so it's RT so this this is you know like
it's just literally a child saying my
dad wasn't around and so that's why I'm
laughing is because it's a little it's
it's what it's what I would categorize
as as rather shallow amateurish
amateurish would be another fine word to
describe a rich
I just wish it was been I know he can me
so if he tries I'll try but if he
doesn't please come back I know you're
out there
read tips instead if if rich and rich
and I are doing this as our next review
I should know the story I should know
all of these things and so like normal
normally if I'm playing a game you know
just for fun I wouldn't care about any
of this stuff but because we're
reviewing it I should be well versed
with the story and not farting around
while that while the arty-farty shit
happens
Oh what have you done
why did you do that
I was gone oh that's impossible
you can go before they come back I hope
you left me dad you weren't around dad
great all right now you may continue
reading tips okay
Tyron sad says what conspiracy theory do
you find believable it's the one that
you find entertaining well just pure
pure believability JFK doesn't involve
aliens or or ghosts sure that that's a
relatively small person wise conspiracy
that a jf K assassination it's just a
it's just a political assassination yes
and that doesn't that doesn't need that
you know like the moon landing
conspiracy would require so many people
to be in on the lie that it's it it goes
to unbelievable but JFK assassination
yeah you just need like one or two
people though most entertaining most
entertaining conspiracy theory
Roswell yeah that's a good one
that's gotta be Roswell right that's a
decent one we have aliens
we've been poking at alien spaceships
for 50 years
yeah as a go there's so many spin-offs
on like area 59 and Roswell and 51
conspiracies at 51 Stennis 69 you said
59 59 cuz I know and uh grand theft auto
san andreas the previous generation one
not the recent one they had an area 69
we can now make bob bob lazar an
unbelievable yet believable story using
one of the engineers used to work there
and they had him reverse engineering the
flying saucer that's fun stuff yeah yeah
yeah was it area 69 in San Andreas
am I remembering that wrong that that
just sounds like a Grand Theft Auto joke
it sounds like a Grand Theft Auto joke
it also might be too on-the-nose
sure
do-do-do-do-do there we go
also this game has Metroidvania
nothing's too on-the-nose for GTA ok
yeah oh sorry metroidvania this all in
this game also apparently has
Metroidvania say uh okay because I've
noticed things earlier that now I have
the tools to to deal with and in some
ways Jack area 51 is the worst
conspiracy theory it's the worst
conspiracy theory yes it doesn't make
any sense okay if there were this secret
base where all this the shit was was
being stored mm-hmm and everyone knew
about it it wouldn't be the secret base
where all this shit was stored anymore
the very fact that area 51 is a
well-known joke is proof enough that it
doesn't exist unless black false-flag
it's all part of the plan and they they
knew rumors were getting out it's not
called area 51 so they put up their own
area 51 rumors when really their
research facility is underneath the
mountains of Colorado yeah yeah
yeah every 151 doesn't exist they just
don't have aliens though well yeah
nobody's nobody's denying that there's
an Air Force Base there but if you had
your if you had access to top-secret
alien technology you probably wouldn't
keep it at the place everyone knows
about right well I mean probably let you
sound like you know a little too much
about area 51
I get it that's a joke that I'm part of
the conspiracy but the reason is I used
to love our dull ha ha ha ha
it all comes back to our Belridge
everything comes back to our tell a man
I had not even heard of until until you
started talking about no I'm not
madam says oh wait one before that a
couple before that I think we're ma'am
oh my god I cook the asking spot tired
and sad says I'm three years late but I
recently finished Metal Gear Solid five
I never played a game with such finely
tuned gameplay with an incomprehensible
story your review was absolutely right
hey thank you thank you you know what
you're right we were right rich why did
you put the hat back on I wasn't
thinking about it honestly never saw it
and my hand grabbed it and put it on my
head without not putting too much
thought into the matter but more
comfortable without it hat goes double
Vega
why are you still over there kid come
over here we're over here now
maybe there's a thing you have to do is
there a thing you didn't do
come over here sir thing you're missing
over there apparently and I think
there's the thing I'm missing over here
and he's just waiting for you to come
back with it yeah he's waiting for me if
you get far enough I'll bet you he'll
teleport oh sure
no there's probably something that he
has to do over there but the game hasn't
told me like I have to figure it out
come on what did I miss
oh wait here's the thing here's the
thing we have two o'clock come all right
come here kid
it's the thing I gotta climb hop on my
back how hard it says I've farted good
evening if you had to pick would you
rather be a fully artist for Spielberg
or have been a puppeteer for Henson also
have you heard of Frank Oz's new
documentary Muppet guys talking why we
we taking money out of this yeah we're
taking money out because it's probably
far more money in being on Muppet ear
hmm no big that's an actual performance
on camera there there's a there's a
there's money in it if you're a main
player but I think there's a lot of
people who are just like the random
Muppets who work for pittance but let's
say it's equal pay I'm gonna go with
fully artist really there's probably
more room for creativity you might be
right I would 100% without a doubt with
no hesitation bi Muppet bi Muppets here
yeah I think I would be a killer fucking
puppet master I would and I would make
everyone call me a puppet master yeah
yeah but yeah III I would without a
doubt like you get this like what what
can I do what can I use to make a
squishy noise maybe I can get some
mashed potatoes well put some put some
potato chips in that man what if I hit
it with a sledgehammer yeah but I could
do funny voices yeah while making while
doing this with my hand yeah yeah what
the heck is a Foley a Foley is
person who makes the sound effects yeah
like if there's a punch in a movie they
don't use the real sounding punch cuz it
doesn't sound doesn't sound big there's
no sound booming so you got a fully
artist who like hits up it's a fucking
like a potato sack or the baseball bat
because it makes a better noise right it
makes something that sounds like a punch
but more yeah like if you have people if
you ever seen where people are running
through the woods and you hear them
crunching leaves and stick leaves in six
they never get that sound when they're
filming because you know they have other
shit to worry about what they do is they
give the video to someone who then fills
a bucket with leaves and sticks and
films or films the records the audio of
them crunching in the bucket to simulate
the leaves and sticks sound what are we
doing up here good Raider says the best
punches and gudge gunshots I don't
remember what the gunshots were but I
think I think they actually did the
punches it was like they just had
somebody hitting leather with a baseball
bat yeah their punches are pretty dang
epic pretty dang epic right this just
gets us back over here what are we doing
what are we doing here kid the gunshots
are like a fucking sniper rifle that's
because they probably used a much bigger
more interesting gun right and what an
actual pistol because you know they're
movies they're supposed to be exciting
Indiana Jones isn't necessarily going
for realism our friends what our to do
is that Foley or is that more mixing
r2d2 yeah no Foley is replacing natural
sounds but so but but then you have then
you have like sound engineers and sound
editors and so like if you if you have
the the old the box set of the original
trilogy actually they have a whole part
of the Star Wars documentary dedicated
to the sound and engineer the person who
created sounds that don't exist like
like the the Ben Burtt the laser sounds
are him holding up a microphone on a
giant fucking cable and then going like
this the the sound of haunts of Han Solo
frozen in carbonite hitting the floor
was him pushing over a dumpster he just
pushed it over a dumpster and recorded
the clang of the dumpsters that's
classic Foley that's probably Foley but
but then I'm talking about like the
creating of sounds that don't exist like
like creating the lightsaber sounds that
sound engineering I believe okay okay
instead of Foley that's a different
that's a die I think
where do we go boy back down it No
so yeah the reason I picked Foley then
is because there's there's far more room
for creativity mmm like that kind of
shit yeah right there yeah just making
shit what kind of fun thing can I do to
make noise sure sure
I can see that but yeah for me it'd be a
muppet I'd be a muppet hands down no
doubt
wait why are you waiting over there
again fucking kid doesn't make our way
back up this time it's lupus says if
this game were the Dark Knight this
kid's voice actor would be Christian
Bale's Batman voice it is just so hard
to listen to yeah you know he's a kid I
get it and it's it's uh he's not the
worst what
you know again I'm not I'm at that point
in the game where I'm not quite it kind
of I'm not quite sure like what the
message they're trying to give to us is
yet so I don't I don't really know what
they're going for
all right so the chat and I guess this
is free advertising for them and I don't
mind doing that they get together our
chat gets together and watches movies
that's true at times when we're not
streaming yeah and it sounds like they
watch the Indiana Jones movies in
chronological order in chronological
order Temple of Doom comes before
Raiders does it yeah oh it's like the
year before I did not I did not realize
that here's the thing I think it I
always thought it was neat that Temple
of Doom takes place before water it it
emphasizes that just Indiana Jones he
has just adventures whatever there's the
thing that happened one time yeah and
it's not necessarily the series of
events that happened just his fun
Indiana Jones story this one took place
then yeah yeah but here's the one thing
I can't reconcile with that right okay
Raiders of the Lost Ark Indiana Jones is
a complete non believer in religion and
in the supernatural okay and Temple of
Doom he encountered glowing rocks magic
rocks
he saw the magic rocks and he had to
pray to them to get them to work was was
there any sort of throwaway lines about
why it works or no no mr. magic rocks so
in some way it doesn't make sense it
doesn't fit it doesn't fit oh oh yeah we
definitely want that
I was increase we consented sure why not
can I go back in no well yeah I guess I
didn't I did not think about that indeed
Master Kenobi double-oh-seven since Indy
had to separately come to believe in
each individual religion there we go
and in the end in all of his movies
religion was correct
by the way it's fantasy I just point
that out and in the end of every Indiana
Jones movie religion is the winner I'm
not a believer but like this doesn't
bother me yeah yeah cuz it's just for
cuz you know what it's all a bit of fun
what he comes to believe in in the last
one love no aliens by the way when you
said the last one I was like what are
you talking about that he believes in
Christianity the Last Crusade the last
one because in my mind I really have
replaced that as the last one that is
the last Indiana Jones movie
because I see someone saying when is
Disney going to ruin the indie franchise
to which I say they Indiana Jones ruined
the Indiana Jones franchise we're
already good there
oh no they're still really really to bad
job okay you can the guys with wings the
guys with the ability to fly you can
knock off a cliff and kills them it's
fine it's that kind of like there's
there's a lack of attention dude maybe
they're not dead maybe they're just
wounded and they don't bother to get
back up and they're just like you know
he's too tough yeah I'm gonna leave that
guy be yeah maybe rich someone on the
chat saying aliens are a religion now
look at a lot of New Age beliefs they
kind of are look at Heaven's Gate look
at Scientology sure aliens are a
religion to some people that aliens are
something that people believe in despite
a lack of clear evidence you have to
have faith in aliens yeah yeah but
there's there's more than one UFO based
religion I believe that night absolutely
well I mean I know I know there's
Scientology at least but much I mean
just new is it what a new age is it more
to that category man ISM have some of
that too aliens no maybe maybe that's
been grafted on after the fact but
Joseph Smith was the thing before people
talked about flying saucers that was
just wasn't a concept people really had
there's no there's a thing with Mormons
and spaceframe you get your own planet
after you die is that a Mormon thing
yeah maybe it's not like it's not like
greys no no literally of my only
carefully everyone gets to become their
own God and they all get a planning my
only experience with Mormons is in the
expanse when they are building a giant
spaceship to go to the new planet
that's my only Mormon knowledge and so
that's why I was like doesn't mean oh
the
a Mormon alien thing what's happening
hey kid
okay I see I see
I see what's going on
there's a you didn't have to go to
Scientology or Mormonism there's a some
kind of Old Testament thing we're like
the chariot from the sky came down pick
up drop it oh and a lot of UFO guys say
that was an alien
sure was it that was a UFO yeah why not
why the fuck not I don't remember that
was in Chariots of the Gods or not that
was the book that speculated that the
pyramids were built by aliens all right
why not there's a famous book called
chariot of the gods
Chariots of the Gods sure
can someone please explain what
Mormonism is that that's the one who
really didn't hide the fact that their
scam all right a convicted con man
claims that he found magic gold tablets
by the were they buried by the Indians
who were actually a lost Jewish tribe
who sure and that they gave the gold
tablets to him or he found them I forgot
wedge and then he had a magic device
that let him translate the tablets even
though he was illiterate he had magic
glasses honest magic glasses yes it was
transcribing stone maybe that's it on
the gold tablet I like it and he
couldn't show anybody the gold tablet or
the translation stone but he said they
totally had them gotta trust me on this
one and you all need to follow me around
now because I have the secret last part
of the Bible
and then he says I get to have all the
women and that's what that's the magic
gold the magic gold tablets that I could
translate even though I'm illiterate
said I get all the women and and then
apparently and I don't know if this is
true but someone like hid the tablets
and was like oh no the temp circles you
have to you have to retransfer I've the
the TAT or all right they got rid of his
original transcription you have to do it
again he goes well I can but it might
not be the same because they change
because they changes sometimes so you
know God works in mysterious ways
it's great here we go now
because it's great sometimes
everything's great
what's up here there we go
so yeah more Mormonism is where is where
like they just stops putting the effort
into the con if you think about it they
had a really nice condo in for a while
please tell me this shit is just one
level or is the whole game the shitty I
haven't seen much fighting you've you've
been watching it this is this is the
game so far is a fight here and there
and then you know you walk around you
listen to people there's puzzle you
thingies I guess I could like I'm trying
to get this little treasure thing here I
could just probably go on and get to
another fight sooner but you're well
you're watching it in real time raw
unfiltered gameplay like I said yeah I'm
doing some treasure hunting because you
know sometimes there's some cool shit in
the in the treasure boxes but there's
this other thingy okay I get it so
there's one there's one where's the
third ah there it is
I do it no oh that's right they have a
quick turn button
you wanna get sick you press the quick
turn button I'm already feeling under
the weather yep don't don't watch don't
watch the screen in the next few minutes
I'm not gonna use the quick turn but
okay fine find a good cutoff point which
probably start wrapping it up sure I'm
gonna get this treasure and then that'll
be the cutoff point how about that no I
gotta kind of get a caught up on tips to
anonymous says what is your favorite
horror movie made in the last 20 years
which
the witch is fucking great throws me off
when you say last 2000 yeah what it's
been in the last 20 that throws out
nightmare and almost read oh that's a
good one yeah
let those throw that out yet that throws
out a lot of the Friday the 13th that
throws out freaking Evil Dead - oh shit
what should be my which would be my
sister that's kind of your default
answer of course that's not just best
horror movie that's just best movie
period it's in its I'm being honest it's
in the running I'm in the running
no I only laughed because it's so true
even though it's Evil Dead - hey kid no
no I still wanted to be up there even
though - is the greater somebody in the
chat I asked earlier how we feel about
it being cancelled sad I'm not shocked
and there's a really weird thing where
that just the one episode at the end of
the season - just really just killed him
it sucked all of the air out of the
sails
it sucked how much I cared about it
because like I I I'm a fan of the series
and and I don't necessarily care about
the third season I didn't understand it
was out yet listen we got more Evil Dead
right oh yeah that's great the whole
entire series was fucking worth it for
the morgue episode as far as I'm
concerned yes right so we should all
just be great and let's be happy that
it's done before it got too bad okay so
okay I I thought season 1 was a little
flat to be honest with you I wasn't too
happy with season 1 season 2 was pretty
alright
the middle of season 1 was kind of blah
but the bookends started strong they did
strong I think that's the most the the
the beginning in the end I think are the
two most important things to get right
just in my personal opinion sure sure
I mean you don't want a shitty middle
but well yeah you don't want to shitty
anything now best-case scenario is it's
all great somebody's saying what about
scream
it wasn't scream more than 20 years old
at this point is a scream late 90s I
just I just don't know I have no cup Oh
what does this mean
remember the shape
96 ya scream is more than 20 years old
so I didn't list him Oh deal with the
old man screams old now what's the
puzzle Oh being only half an hour long
really hurt ash vs. Evil Dead for me you
got it you got binge watch it
binge it that's that's the joy of the
binge it doesn't matter how long the
episodes are there's another episode
waiting Trey you help me could've listed
Faust I wasn't as big on that as Jack
urge a no in Faust it's like it's it's
bad I mean Faust is bad it's not like a
great movie it's just very interesting
that's kind of the joy of Faust in how
is oh here we go that's how I get up
there is in how interesting it is where
did it get cancelled why does any
service it gets canceled could cancel
probably doesn't have enough viewers
relative to what they're spending on it
well okay can I point out something
really stupid in this in this game you
may I'd like to point out something
incredibly stupid so so this the the
puzzle in this game's world there's this
little puzzle involved to open the door
where that thing up there is like a sand
pit and you need to draw the symbol yeah
for the thing that solves the riddle and
he gave a little riddle like I started
off really small but I can grow into
anything right yeah it's a recede but
the answer is seed which is that symbol
right there okay so the answer to the
riddle is literally the closest thing to
where you they ask the riddle I'm sorry
that's just like that's just a very
again in game that's just a very silly
thing but I just in in this universe to
solve the riddle to open the door the
answer is right there that's very soon I
think that's very silly all right I'm
gonna open this door and that's probably
going to be a Hello
hello all you nice people
okay how hard it says hey again random
Foley fact for you all
the sound of the interior doors opening
closing of the enterprise was a fully
artist putting all pulling a letter out
of a large envelope you creative Foley
is creative I really like that thank you
for letting us that's that's I can hear
it now Terrence ed says comedian Dana
Gould
Gould Gould said that nerd culture is
basically run by the people who use nerd
as an insult that many of the hot women
at comic-con are models paid by brands
and studios to mingle in the crowds okay
I I don't have much to add to that I
mean what what that might be true
sometimes it might not be true other
times I don't know man like I think some
of them are paid models but I don't
think they hide the fact that they're
paying bottles and I also think that
there are people at comic-con who aren't
paid models boom take that Dana Gould
well known them something for just hired
models didn't come to the booth eh yeah
yeah that's I'm dressed up like the
character they paid me to dress up like
the character that's just a thing we all
knew yeah I don't know if I'm like if
that was ask if maybe Dana Gould didn't
know that and so they he was really he
was really like shocked maybe I don't
know yeah David I know people says why
can't I leave a note when i prime
subscribe no more anyways Jack and rich
know when you guys gonna injustice to
and that was a great time since the
legendary version came out so you get
all the stuff cheap hmm yeah justice to
has has Hellboy and the Ninja Turtles
never said it wasn't gonna happen yeah
yeah hey you know what that's the that's
right but Tavares Kirk just wants to
double down on this whole comic-con
thing booth babes are not the same as
people in the crowd right right right
and I think that just been a known thing
for like ever
siren said says do you consider crystal
skull to be the worst sequel that hurt a
major franchise or is that still batman
and robin or meili
maybe alien 3 no it's the Phantom Menace
the prequels in general but I am the
only no Crystal Skull came out and
everyone was able to forget about it and
didn't really affect the rest of the
Indiana Jones well maybe they're just
talking about financial aid oh did it
did the worst did it too bad probably
probably well hurt hurt the future of it
oh sure no look here's the thing with
Crystal Skull yeah even even if it were
great I don't know how many more of
those they were gonna make anyway I mean
he's he's such an old man oh he's so I
know yeah maybe they would have squeezed
another one out maybe but the clock I
know order what you do the clock was
ticking on that yeah yeah the arc matter
yes Conan O'Brien was a writer on The
Simpsons for a while and Batman and
Robin I it it it may have put the the
Batman franchise on hold for a short
time but I remember at the time Batman
Begins came out I'm thinking they didn't
wait long they don't wait long for a
reboot I think it was a while it was a
while between reboots but I mean there's
a ridiculously short wait now but at the
time I thought it was absurd that Batman
Begins came out so soon so I don't I
don't think Batman and Robin ultimately
did that much damage to Batman as a
franchise
no no probably not it did make them
swing really hard in the dark direction
though yeah as far as like teetering and
tottering like you know Tim Burton was
kind of on the dark side and then they
teetered to the Schumacher goofy side
and then they teetered hard to the dark
side and they're actually still on that
teeter and Batman V Superman came out
and it broke it broke the teeter yep it
can no longer taught her and one more
IDO kendo I'm disappointed with how much
I relied on the Internet's help to get
through blood-borne and do all the cool
things you know do you have a similar
experience
it's the game too cryptic okay well as
far as if you're talking about like like
co-op it or not people help I'd never
really did that but blood-borne I did in
that stream was fun but yeah I don't
really do that but as far as like hints
on puzzles and finding out things and I
didn't know that no yeah I I looked that
shit up all the time I don't really care
oh yeah yeah yeah like I don't I don't
think any of that is necessary to beat
the game yep my first playthrough the
game was completely Internet less and
you know I I made it through the entire
game there was a lot I didn't pick up on
and so my second playthrough I I did a
little research like oh what can I do
here what can I do with this person who
I'm talking to can I do anything fun so
my first playthrough though I didn't and
I I do try to stay as far away from the
internet as possible because I do want I
want the game to open itself up to me
yeah like let me figure it out it's been
especially hard with all the Zelda shit
I'm trying to get right now where it's
like oh it's so easy C is so easy with
me yeah let's go edit look at a
walkthrough get out of town because I
have to just cuz what I miss I miss I
just don't care love the iPhone on my
own
that's the joy of the past I do fight it
on my own yeah great no that's like to
me that's the whole joy of the put like
right now I got I'm trying to populate
that little town you know you're the in
breath of the wild where the but one of
the builders leaves after you're done
upgrading your house and he starts
building that other town and he's like
I'm looking for a go-around with the
last name of sob he doesn't say Goren
just his last name of son most of them
right I just need somebody who's a cop
and a last name song well for this and
for the first one he needs someone to
move rocks and so they have to be strong
and so they have to be a Gorham let's
just that's just an obvious clue but
yeah yeah oh right no but I've just been
like I've been searching fucking
everywhere for this goron and I can't
find him here's the thing here's the
thing I did some of those like I'll find
it on my own yeah but I felt like I was
spending wasting too much time looking
eventually I just got to a fucking Oh
didn't bother me at all didn't bother me
at all
that I would if I have to look something
up on the internet a puzzle like that I
sit a defeat on my part yeah yeah
definitely a hundred percent the the
only the problem with this puzzle in
particular like the fill the town puzzle
is he doesn't give you any clues beyond
I'm looking for a go around with the
last name of son everything else is like
oh maybe if you check here maybe you
know like they give you some sort of
cryptic poem that you can decipher but
this guy's just like I need to go around
yeah okay so in this case I might make
an exception just because they give you
no information and it's a fucking big
map like when I beat that game the first
time yeah after I beat it I'm well I'll
do all the shrines I wanna I want to get
DM I know there's an unlockable costume
I'm gonna get that custom I'm gonna get
all this right sure I did not waste time
walking around the world I gotta find
every one of my own I just think I
already beat the fucking game I mean I'm
smuggling Google
oh the Zelda shrine map but I put their
shrine map up and I looked at my screen
I don't have this one over there that
one down here the clear out of this area
first yeah
man I don't know about that some of it
all right so uh names yeah yeah we're
we're good to go this is the point of
the stream in which we thank all of you
lovely people who came out to our stream
it's it's a little shorter stream
tonight just because rich is feeling a
little ill if my voice goes I'm gonna
have you finish no absolutely okay okay
hey we got because we got stuff to film
and you need your voice for that so
we're gonna thank all the people who
subscribed to us during this very stream
much like VX one three five who has
subscribed to us for twenty two fucking
months in a row da-fu forever
Sean underscore 431 the fucking months
in a row
who says trouble shooting streams are
almost as good as random camera
knowledge streams trouble shooting I
don't think we were troubleshooting
troubleshoot I don't think we
troubleshooted anything this this dream
you know no problem we go chrome voodoo
mama Ganza the end here Oh Val 5001 for
14 months in a row Jonesy they don't
heliosphere 1969 423 fucking months in a
row turbo Dangerfield for 13 months in a
row says celebrity vets come in threes
in recent days we've had Harry Anderson
Barbara Bush and Verne Troyer pass will
be the next half a celebrity death oh
man he really died I don't mind dark
humour but that is I mean it was kind of
soon it's kind of not bad though
no that is not bad to be fair that is
probably also a joke that Verne Troyer
would enjoy as he was very good at
making fun of himself oh just that just
makes me sad now makes us sad that does
MC Pugh for 19 months in a row while he
rushed n says five months this is the
first time it is
let me leave a message I'm going to make
the most of it you did it you did it
Eagan whoo nine one seven dr. smoke
trees for 19 months in a row says you
guys hear the doomed to rumors Bethesda
VP of Marketing dropped the phrase
whether or not folks realize it this is
the hell on earth time for us with III
in an interview Oh III don't think it's
particularly shocking do a doom 2016
sold rather well and and was generally
praised pretty popular says oh man that
popular game that made a lot of money is
getting a sequel what I am glad and not
shocked no no and apparently Bethesda
has also been very happy with all of its
games that came over to the switch they
have had a recent influx and a lot of
money with all their switchboards good
so that's good it's always nice always
nice the fine people over at Bethesda
where are we we are at
Darmok talk room 1f see elite for 20
fucking months in a row who says 20
months
holy Butz valiant blood shot says you
hacks always entertained me keep it up
you frauds
thank you very much had evil crash nine
for twenty four fucking months in a row
Wilkins the clown for 39 motherfucking
months in a row tiny dwarf who says rich
mule nur in Swedish is called mule nur
pronounce it as it is written would you
go cuckoo as it's written if we
pronounce it as it as it was written we
would call it em Joel nur Magellan or
Magellan er that's how we would
pronounce that I don't I don't I don't I
don't run across many unloads and I'd
really I don't properly understand how
that affects the sound of the oh right
so it says with the Oh with an umlaut
pronounced like an e a in Earl
you're so it's mural new Jarrell Majer
again medjool Magellan here I know I
can't do it I think it's meal here I
fucking give up zero meal yeah it's it's
a tough name to pronounce and we've had
like four four movies to get together
and we haven't done it Abdo just for 19
I thought it was 19 I got confused as
one night wait am i reading no ma'am I'm
no Jess for 19 months in a row says kill
it with Oh another cutscene Oh what what
you guys have witnessed during this
three hours is what kind of what I've
experienced throughout the entire game
just to put that out there if you're on
the fence for buying this game so far
this is my experience with the game I
don't know if it changes as the game
goes on but so far this is my experience
Doh Dan Z says love you guys thanks for
helping me get through some tough times
in my life yeah well hey doden Z thank
you for watching Veronica's 4:17 Leyland
Veronica's for 17 months in a row says
snow and April
Old Man Winter has yet to fuck off I
think he finally did today today nice
out today was fantastic today was a
great day I got high hopes I got high
hopes
uh mr. rbl potato hater
damn you potato hater toot sweets 2 3 2
3 blame 5 honky and a row who says feel
better rich great game Jack thank you
thank you
this time it's lupus for 30 fucking
months in a row says now I don't believe
in the red letter media curse but a few
days after you have a few Austin Powers
references and an episode of best of the
worst Verne Troyer dies
you murderers did we did we mention
mini-me or just reference Austin power
probably just awesome power okay that
doesn't count
I don't know that God that doesn't count
he's not in the first one that's true
yes true
ah notable fish no not a blob fish is
that is that name there's a lot of
similar looking letters yes not a blob
fish which is a blob fish is a notable
fish as it's very strange
that's oh oh it's Oh are poor Mogo yes
Quinn some niak who says fart bill was
right Chris games 2004 20 fucking months
in a row who says a pleasure is always
to catch you gentle and live if mildly
under the weather rich is up for it
would you terribly mind saying loudly oh
my god Kim get out of bed my wife needs
a stronger alarm thanks and stay awesome
well there you go
dis t87 white beads 444 motherfucking
months in a row pennies pennies zero
1980s not safe for wookie
Anarchy Pony Lord way yeah yeah that's
probably better way yeah
Lord way just keep up the good work
chaps I look forward to the Nintendo lab
oh cardboard construction stream maybe
maybe we'll do that I don't know maybe
maybe maybe we should have a stream will
we find some cardboard and we just make
up our own the lab Oh games
and to season what we can build out of
cardboard whoo
but we title it a lab Oh extreme yeah
yeah and then they just won't work that
could be funny I just like a giant a
giant lab old cardboard dildo well
picture we'll pitch our idea for an
adult switch game with a cardboard dildo
or or we make we make the best lab Oh
accessory there is and we make a lab Oh
keyboard and mouse
there you go Nintendo balls in your
court
Tanksley
nine to six Saul trademark ollie Raza
for twenty six fucking months in a row
Darian Draconis farmer Phipps
who says I really enjoy listening to
your banter it's hard to find a real
good down-to-earth people am I good you
know I mean we're real maybe we're down
to earth you're like you're the
goody-goody I'm the asshole
he's goodie and he's an asshole
it's prereq yeah you two are a breath of
fresh air keep doing what are you doing
horny culprit Selvi 54 Shawn Simonis
says whoo two months you guys have done
the best job as a straight you yeah whoo
two months you guys have done the best
job as strangers pronouncing my last
name fYI it said Simonis hey you did it
good job you two you absolutely
pronounced it correct
MLG free man die Glocke e clam offending
go who says hey guys I think you should
change the players choice on the plinky
toe board to Black's fine if the puck
lands there you get to pick another one
of those wonderful black spine tapes
don't give Mike any ideas
don't do it we don't like him dr. Gupta
hooked her hanker for 29 fucking months
in a row says thanks that's all just
thanks thank you doctor going to Avery
hotsauce Johnson does thanks to the
stream and saving me $60 it's like mr.
Finbar oh it's adequate perfectly
adequate today x4 39 motherfucking
months I wrote says though amazing ups
and downs across my personal emotional
and professional lives currently at a
big up you guys have been there with
laughs and the occasional Sierra stream
thank you so much yes what's the best
way to donate to you guys with money you
know you know being being a subscriber
we really appreciate a tipping through
the the stream tip works but really just
being here watching being a subscriber
for as long as you have to Dax we really
appreciate it like if you want to tip us
yeah money is preferred over a written
letter that has life advice let me give
you a tip you know in a handwritten
letter and an eight-page handwritten
letter things I think you should use all
that all the things that I think would
make your life better one you need to
watch Stargate Atlantis to here's why
you need so much Titus 3 I really think
you should give Final Fantasy 7 another
try for is a detailed list of anime I
think you'll enjoy absolutely but thank
you David in oh people who says wait I
can leave a message her a jack what you
think about the Bebo tastic ending of
legends of tomorrow I'm sorry I don't
watch legends of tomorrow so I have no
thoughts I think it's I think it's David
I know people
oh I could be wrong cuz it's not a k2w
right but I think it's I know people
David they know people David I know
people back that would make a lot more
sense than II know I capital speak
capital yes is very important robust
turbo nope a roost turbo mango ice a
bone badger thank you for the
capitalization and thank you for 44
motherfucking months in a row
scary gargoyle man says schwim swamy
back out of them
swam swim swam bum a bing bang oh god no
choice when bumbling been there you go
you did it Joe bag of doughnuts
mr. glitch who says let's just call
Thor's hammer Stanley I that was
actually a part of the Thor moves that I
did enjoy was a Natalie Portman sassy
friend referring to the hammer as muumuu
I always thought that was cute and miu
miu just give up on everything
and Ivan Lee who says I'm probably too
late I don't really care you're not
thank you all for subscribing we really
appreciate it
have a nice night I got no job do you
know I got you