Questing in SPAAAAAAAAAAaaaace (pt. 1)
May 27, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ils2ZZg9PbU

the opening the excellent opening space
request three so of course it's an
excellent opening its this one seems
even excellent or though like a buzz
behind this is when they start stepping
up their game shares your lame like oh
my god people are actually playing these
games shit yet we got to get our shit
together are you ready yeah go hit it
how do I make it feel so no it just
starts fullscreen oh except for it's not
showing up
what doesn't shown up in xsplit
maybe way they waits for the game
showing up before how do I make it an
app fullscreen all tab all dinner was
showing up I know was
there is photos we just had to alternate
my sit and bring it back alright hey it
worked
hey there we go this yeah it has been an
indeterminate amount of time since space
since Roger Wilco rocketed away from
vocals burning space fortress time
stands still for our hero in suspended
animation its engines long spent in a
small escape pod drifts aimlessly
through unfamiliar star fields its
course altered many times by small
asteroids and space debris inside Roger
lies undisturbed in his sleep chamber
but not for long
dun dun dun look at that the escape pod
that we escaped in oh that's just cool
it just looks cool yeah
well I loved this game when I was a kid
this is I I haven't fine memories of
this one because it's the first one I
I'd beat with relatively little outside
help
oh ok sure sure relatively little I mean
still some outside some outside help
there Ruben pew-pew
looks just like Dark Souls remastered
very possible very possible but someone
said just thing that I know and I wanted
to say the thing that they said that the
thing was the thing I knew is in there
right right the pod considered to be
nothing more than another piece of scrap
is taken aboard a robot commanded
garbage freighter
unfortunately these robots have no
regard for organics that would be Oh
we're an organic oh I get it the small
power pod is jarred by a sudden shock
which triggers the sleep chambers
revived mode as the glass a shroud
slides back Roger slowly begins to
regain consciousness
Oh awesome
look at that face look at that big dumb
face do they add voices
titty oh come on Reiser wake up oh oh
look they gave him a head turn that's
pretty impressive live entirely it's an
entirely revamp sponsor you notice the
sounds from the pod grow softer till
they are imperceptible that's I got a
hand yeah having served its purpose and
tax its resources the pod gives a final
hum and shuts down you still type what
you do with this one unless unless they
completely changed this for one of the
releases
look around you are standing at a debris
chunk junk Bay an escape pod rest in the
middle of the room there are chunks of
metal lying around which seem to be
small sections of old space where
that's right get comfortable with the
save function oh I suppose yeah okay
what was the save function again five in
these old ones it's probably still f5
now then look at this new look at this
fancy new saving actually that's
technically the the emulator this is
running on oh this habit just having a
cursor and can I cook oh I can click
Roger around yeah you can also move the
old fashioned way too oh yeah like I
hate it's a nice middle ground between
point-and-click and parser sure what is
happening here there's a thing that
you're trying to walk and do oh sure
look right look at ground look at ground
sure the floor is composed of a mosaic
overlapping welded steel plates the
Minesh the menage a views metal plates
appear to up and cut from a variety of
sources there's a small round object
lying nearby a closer look at the object
on the floor reveals that it is a warp
motivator that sounds important yeah it
looks a bit more high-tech than the
other junk strewn about the local the
locale I know how to read sturdily
constructed it's only Preston profusion
Wow
it's only protrusion is a modular plug
near its base
wait what am I looking in I think that
thing down there pick up
warp modulate or object pick up eject
while relatively small it seems to be
quite dense I think we're looking at a
potential hernia many attempts are made
to manually relocate it okay okay but it
has it has a small protrusion so I'm
looking to put something into it right
look at plug look at object hold on yeah
that's a bit more high-tech in there
okay I'll circuit right it's only
protrusion is a modular plug near its
base okay sure
look at plug to be eight pronged plug
protrudes only slightly from the
motivators exterior it's got a like a
plug like that you plug into outlet on
the bottom a plug not not the pro on the
socket it's got the prom it's got the
lady part it's got the pro no it's got
some guy perps oh it's got the guy part
intrusions oh um pick up plug no okay I
thought it might might be a cord see III
really can't help you too much for this
because I remember a lot of it sure sure
okay no that's fine this is one of my
favorites grown up nothing nothing but
fond memories for me of the Space Quest
I am carrying a glowing gem okay that
the only thing that when you the one you
got from the last game it's still in
your inventory oh oh I can come down
here you can go many places I I you know
what for some reason I assumed their
screen down below you can you go all the
way down like in that middle good
question oh yeah
Oh a TIE fighter in Acme rocket the Acme
rockets far cuter if you ask me
various types of abandoned spacecraft
litter the floor of this intergalactic
junkyard all this place needs is a
junkyard dog you shiver at the thought
as Jack never played adventure games
from the Golden Arrows only only on
stream only on stream try another word
apparently loot did you say you type
loot instead of look of him I guess no
well I did want to loot it how about
that you search things this bulbous
craft looks like it has seen a lot of
action in its day you believe it to be a
bow tie fighter dating back to the
Cologne Wars a true relic that's too
soon Jack I hate to be a bother
yeah how are we how do we get to where I
see the damn visitor yeah ok ok coffee
show up there yeah search shift I hate
to be a bother but but I'm gonna be a
bother
is that so that's all I'm gonna say is I
don't want to be a bother but I'm gonna
bother you so hey I had to
apparently that's fine that wasn't
anything Oh thing when I think is going
up why
oh it's like a garbage thing Jupiter 2
so the losted space ship I know I'm look
at the big robot hand back there that's
this is that's a good looking screen
right there yeah that's just a beautiful
screw yeah they got they got their
references in here oh yeah they know
what's up you are overwhelmed by the
variety of space trash around each
corner a large bucket conveyor carries
shredded ships to a horizontal conveyor
hi
okay Goblin guard says job with the
gooks space question prereq together
again it's nice to know some parts of
the universe are still alright thanks
for this up left after solo also happy
Memorial Day there's a great deal on a
game called DC Universe Online for the
ps4 it's free you fucks not Aldi bring
them back and a whole D alright see
that's over here
what is the hand of reference to I'm not
sure maybe nothing I just think it looks
cool what happens are you to have a look
at hand someone is Android somewhere
there's an oversized Android missing a
limb no does that is there anything on
the spaceship the Jupiter 2 is a big
open panel hmm are we going to beat this
game on stream I'm not against it they
look like nice pieces of metal which
have been welded together there might be
nothing there maybe bad
it says Jupiter 2 this baby must have
been floating around out there for a
long time it doesn't hold your interest
for very long
okay fine maybe it holds my interest
game you ever think about that all right
well then I missed something over here I
didn't say we're gonna beat this all
tonight no no sometimes these take a
couple streams yeah especially if we're
if we're feeling particularly crocodile
brained look and ground floor it out
metal can we turn up the walk speed yeah
we could but I'm not gonna how about
that if you're comfortable with the
speed keep it at this Beach yeah I like
the speed you know I like to I like to
work I like to go and leisurely walks
remember remember Space Quest - no I I
told you to turn it up - faster and then
you put it up the fastest it's
ridiculous literally as fast as the
processor could handle but it was a game
made 30 years ago yeah that's great
the square object looks like an empty
component cover for some craft it covers
nothing but decnet okay well Stella
found anything for that plug no tank
over there oh we're at a bit of an
impasse here rich oh you know what I
haven't gotten right yet yeah
is there anything on the ship that you I
don't think I think I said it if I'm
suggesting hints it's only one that
there's my memories vague if I
definitely remember how to solve a
puzzle I'm not gonna say shit yeah and I
appreciate that
no the door's locked okay anything back
here no let's go this way
this looks like a nice inviting area
I've always liked that that skeleton
robot in the foreground oh look at that
yeah oh that's great that's a great
little skeleton robot here for those did
oh you guys might not be able to see it
bottom bottom right corner legacy it's
right right over my head real quick I'm
gonna turn us off yeah a little robot
okay back to the game full-screen mode
on okay dude they gave me a nice time
well you know what let's look around
because we always should look around
right around you are quite impressed by
the size of this junk freighter the
skeletal remains of a strip town space
tanker stage why half-buried scrapped
someone or some thing has done a real
job on this tanker was this the result
of some space battle or perhaps you're
not the only one roaming around in here
how did you see that shadow that's a
nice detail yeah they were they were
they were starting to step their game up
yeah this one is that like a transformer
head japanese-style in general like like
transformers slash Gundam sure sure that
looks like something Jax Wow an ancient
model of a battle bot I bet you'd hate
to run into whatever brought this big
guy down it looks like something poked
it in the eye I'm pretty hard on the
references right now around gutted
carcass if the tanker opens up to reveal
even more junk the metal head rests
nearby that's a search head it was too
stupid now look at head
we didn't oh wait you know what let's
look at that can we go in the eye
whoa Oh what oh gosh you stepped off a
metallic and escarpment and tumbled into
the darkness twisted jagged remnants of
old vehicles reach out to slow your Dark
Descent cutting short your life in the
process god damn you space quests oh you
know what I was just so mad I didn't
even want to and then do that again yeah
wait am i well i said i said it's way
over here oh wow space quest with your
gosh-darn cliffs they do love their
cliffs escarpment that's a nice word
yes this is emulation but this is see
for reasons like the processor speed bug
yeah older Space Quest games you you
kind of need to emulate these yeah yeah
there's there's no way these games would
run on modern systems and so you know
you need to have your computer pretend
it's an older computer or sometimes shit
goes wrong right
f5 yes five save - okay all right let's
uh let's have a nice ball yeah let's
just check it out yeah whoa
look that's horrifying
I know it's great it wouldn't be so bad
except for the sudden stop at the end
next time don't get so close to the edge
that's horrifying
I mean you know I'm funny sure all right
yeah yeah check out the I want to check
out that I cuz obviously look at I there
are two eyes in the battlebot head one
of them has been broken reach-in I enter
climb wait wait wait typo hope hi nice
oh look at that chip yeah I know what's
in each chip that is a neat ship and
stickers yeah oh look at that pod that's
something right you know what that looks
like actually that looks like who's
who's the the new voice in Portal 2
Watley Watley doesn't that look like
Watley yeah no that I'm sure it's from
something but 2001 oh sure yeah yeah you
find yourself at the bottom of another
trash pit an interesting array of alien
artifacts is strewn from one end to the
other a large ship is in the middle and
a small one is off to the side hmm hmm
Wheatley or Watley that was what lays it
next to pronounce Wheatley may be could
be Wheatley
it's a cute little thing you've never
seen anything like it in these parts but
then where are these parts some writing
is on the on the exterior reads Bowman
was here at the character from they're
not in a good location for climbing that
really seemed like I was in a good luck
agent try enter
No
first name my favorite Spidey villain
I've always been fond of Doc Ock and
then second maybe maybe this is
controversial I'm gonna I'm gonna put
the Hobgoblin I'm gonna put the
Hobgoblin over the Green Goblin you're
gonna put the Hobgoblin over the Green
Goblin this is like it's a sleek-looking
number if you can disregard the junk the
junk it's rooted in it must be a recent
addition to the collection Asst
everything seems to be intact it's done
each side is the name aluminium Ellard
time top is a small hatch a look when a
mallard aluminium why not the yearly
Mallard weekly Mallard that would be a
good one yeah but aluminium mallet is
fine I smile okay uh climb up ship Oh
whoopsie
climb up ship aluminium Mallard can't
just walk up looks like I should be able
to just walk up I'll go over here can I
climb up over here
I'm a ship
try enter ship and search ship
there's a hatch on top can you just walk
up to the the window side you would
think okay maybe I need to get a look at
hatch yeah look and you can't see it
from now long
well fuck man Oh people I go I'm shit I
can climb up the other fucking thing let
me climb the shit
why would you look at shit what does it
say now that I'm paying attention
sleek-looking number and you okay if you
can destroy the jump its rooted in you
know it must be a recent addition to the
collection as everything seems to be
attack edge did you try to look at hatch
yeah I can't do that from down here okay
chip
look at junk all the metal has very
jagged edges on it but otherwise it's
fairly ordinary
mmm climb say I think you're getting the
generic climb message
it might not expect you to go up there
well it says the Hat there's a hatch on
top let's save this is the Sierra game
yeah save three no shad I have not been
to a Rob Zombie concert I've not been to
many concerts in general
Darth UM's is good evening gents I
salute to Jack but direct an inquiry
inquiry to rich have you served played
any of the Simon the sorcerer the Goblin
broken sword or my favorite Indiana
Jones the fate of Atlantis I know
they're all pointing clicks but the
puzzles were okay I've not played any of
those I got a say for them for the most
part III was Ciera guy I loved the Space
Quest
I love the the quest for glory games I
love the police quest games yeah I
haven't played all of them but I've
liked some of the King's Quest games the
I've heard very good things about the
Indiana Jones game we might play that on
stream I think that's a good idea be
completely new to me yeah I think that'd
be a good idea just because I've heard
that is you know like comparing it to
the other fan made Indiana Jones sequel
the the Crystal Skull that this one was
really good
yeah it was a really good Indiana Jones
sequel so okay we know there's a small
ship in a large ship when it comes to
LucasArts I'm familiar with the first
maniac mansion that day the tentacle
because it was point-and-click and I
wasn't I wasn't that interested put in
click and then Grim Fandango
which is point-and-click but there are
exceptions to every rule I don't know
too much about grim fandago sounded cool
I had to check it out mm-hmm
yeah and you know just not growing up in
a in a PC household I the the only I
want to say maybe a friend had maniac
mansion on the NES but even then like I
was far too young to understand what
that even was right during when you know
when I when I had an NES like I think a
friend had it and we tried to play it
and just did not comprehend it cuz of
course is that few years of difference
between you and me yeah exactly
and we'll and on an NES you know you're
playing like you're moving the cursor
with the d-pad and then like what are
these words down here like what what
kind of I want to jump on the goombas
but also I was just very very young so I
didn't comprehend it so like I I had no
concept of what an adventure game was
until years later feels like I should be
able to do something here what happens
if you just type in open hatch by the
ship okay
somebody in the chat is saying there's a
ladder on the right side of the ship on
the wrong the ship's right side then if
there is it should say something about
that
whoa look at ladder I doubt this um
ladder I don't know some weird that
would be weird right if they put a
ladder where you literally can't see it
tapas small hatch
there is no okay no there's no ladder
ship I just want it like I'm looking at
it from different angles to see if it
tells me anything different it's oh it's
it's totally possible it's the kind of
thing where you just don't have
something yet oh right no and I'm you
know I there's also no where else to go
here look I was at least one area you
didn't go to look Oh God Rach you have a
drinking problem you know airplane style
yes I do
have I told you that for a long time I
just didn't understand that joke really
yeah I just didn't understand that he
had a literal problem drinking and not a
drinking problem I go this way yeah well
let's go back up the add the I nope no
Anonymous's hey guys hey anonymous just
to get this out of the way okay
Oh either of you going to see solo
personally I really liked it probably
because it exceeded my already low
expectations thinking about it I liked
it more than rogue one and last Jedi
okay uh Jack you have not seen it yet I
have not seen it yet I have seen it okay
there will for one there will definitely
be no talk of spoilers tonight right
just came out this weekend we never do
that that early cuz a lot of people who
might want to see it haven't had time to
see it yet yeah and also I'm not giving
you anything on my opinion on this movie
until the half of the bag is up yeah
whether I thought it was meh whether I
loved it whether I thought it was the
most disgusting thing ever I am not
giving away anything cuz mike has been
spending a spent like the last two days
painstakingly editing our long-ass
discussion working his ass off to get
the half in the bag up in a timely
manner and wouldn't I be
jackass if I just disclosed how we felt
about it on a stream Kim a little bit
then yeah give it a time yeah give a
little time yeah no and you know I'm I'm
actually surprised at the the half an
bag hasn't gone live yet cuz I'm waiting
that's what I'm waiting for we're
streaming we're streaming and usually
that means they upload something hold on
let me check and the chat would tell us
if they upload no nothing yet but oh
yeah no and you know what spoilers it's
just out this weekend yeah spoilers
spoilers so no spoilers in chat no even
joke spoilers
for those in chat you know the rules we
you let me know if you want hints hints
and I'll tell you things I remember what
I'm what I'm guessing is that it's
something I missed when I went down
before like I'm over here I'll tell you
this much there's an area you missed
there's an area I missed okay yeah let's
see if there's anything down here that I
missed I go this way
can I go this way
No okay can't go that way
maybe we can go this way yeah there's
nothing really much over here we can
stop we can start we can start giving
people who spoil it bands in the chat
absolutely give them any anyone who
heads up anyone who even even as a joke
even if your joke is so ridiculous that
it could not possibly be a spoiler for
solo
you know Han Solo was dead the whole
time that kind of thing
yeah even if it is a joke spoiler you
get a 24 hour ban okay that's that's for
the mods that's for you in the chat 24
hour chat ban because that it's the new
movie let's be kind to people who had
didn't have a chance to see it this
weekend like me who wants to see it I've
been busy if my job weren't to go see
the movie I wouldn't have seen it yet
right I'm interested in seeing it like
I'm not as interested as I was in
something like um like Justice League
where I knew it was gonna be a bit of a
Frankenstein yeah and and I was really
actually like that made me very curious
to see it like oh I can see what Joss
Whedon did I can see what's that like
infinity war where you legitimately want
to see it or like a mover I legitimately
want to see here I know that that Ron
Howard reshot so much that there's gonna
be so little of Lord and Miller left in
there we right like I'm still looking
forward to it it's just not high in my
list yeah yeah but uh oh oh wait this is
this is it no it's not
we attack that I found it I found it I
made it up things
Oh God to do anything
I should have saved I should have saved
now fine or am i jump you have time to
think what why why can't you get away
right now I'm on a conveyor belt in'
okay hold on why can't you get away
because there's something right above me
no because you're sitting down
wait Helen I want to see if something
works Oh God
you did it jack oh god you did it on
your first try well you should you did
you gave me the stand-up hint that was
your fault I could have died there rich
I could have died if you didn't give me
that hand I know it's gotta be tough
because you know all the good stuff you
know it all so you couldn't step on the
other pipes
you couldn't step on the other pipes
ah dang zit golly gee crackers ah ah
gosh just just for fun yeah save before
before you go up and then save after you
get up see what you see what happens if
you don't get up in time uh yeah yeah
yeah yeah this game yeah
come on move
move your dang Roger Wilco
let's go space janitor I didn't get too
cocky I I got siarad that looked like a
clear area that I could walk and it was
not this isn't something this isn't
something I remember but somebody in the
chat saying they think there's something
on the ground in the area with the robot
that's nothing I I remember specifically
so I'm reading that there's that green
thing on the ground but what happens
when you say look at ground now let's go
back over here like there's that bright
green thing but I looked at that already
I'm not reading that one because I kind
of remember that the floor drop oh how
the floor drops off near the large robot
it would have warned me so like there's
this thing I think that's just nothing
but yeah I can't yeah that's nothing
valiant attempt but that's nothing
boom-boom-boom
okay come on Roger we'll come on
he gets caught on a little thing right
there and it's really upsetting yeah it
looks a little Power Rangers head all
right everything's fine
here we go again yeah try it again don't
don't forget to say don't forget to save
go this go this way did I ever play Lord
of the realms by Sierra I'm gonna be
honest I I haven't even heard of that
one Lord of the realm
not not heard of it
Oh
say before you get on there and save
after you there I'd say by the way
you're absolutely right yeah new save
what are we on for before ok we are
saved
there we go
we're on and does the game pause when I
start typing yes I think so
wow that's kind of different than yeah
that was a pretty big improvement oh
yeah he had time to think I said this
this is one there were really starting
to step up their game alright and wait
wait just for fun well save it then I
think I said just for fun yeah yes we
had our we had our full discussion about
solo on you can just go check earlier in
the stream to see what we thought yep
yep just go back to the beginning scream
shredded like an iran-contra document oh
wow yeah topical yeah USDA beef that's
great that's great oh shit stand up jump
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Roger Wilco space
Janet or hello look at you look at you
but you knew that was gonna happen
why didn't he I'm pretty sure there's
another way to do this
why didn't he follow the track that's
right I legitimately did not know that
was going to happen I will hold but I
want to see what happens if I go the
other direction before I try to do that
one again
sweet cheese and clean
the ledges odd because Sierra uh well
that I mean that was a little bit tricky
he's walking on the track with no
problem as an 84 system as in 84 hey
y'all happy Memorial Day happy Memorial
Day I'm off four days from work and
super thrilled about it anyways here's a
tip for you especially rich on an old
breath of the wild stream oh yeah you
see best of worst and it's soul B OTW
yeah yeah you use bums to hunt for fish
now firming the stamina fish is a breeze
in master mode thanks you're welcome
so I think someone in the chat gave me
that suggestion anyway so yeah in this
room derail makes a u-turn there's a
machine here which hangs under the rail
there is a chute at the bottom in the
middle our panels of monitoring devices
being tended by Android save this save
six
look at claw nope he said khlo look at
flash viewing angle doesn't allow that
look at machine a grabber hangs beneath
a rail there is a seat for a driver and
there was a claw underneath that looks
capable of grabbing things Oh
climb down not bad not bad
plopping into the seat you grasped the
forward backward control of the grabber
I was doing it that's Adairsville that's
great
alright now we're moving now we're
rocking and or rolling
right about here Oh do you know what
you're doing
what I'm thinking yeah yeah I'm I'm
delighted
I I came up the shoe right so I'm now
above all the levels I was and that
thing with the plummet through with the
plugs is probably right around there and
they say Jack doesn't puzzle good I know
I look at controls or something drop Wow
look look look at machine there's
something there's gotta be something
right from your seat you see a handle
presently being gripped by you which
controls the motion and a button marked
claw there you go press baton baton what
do we think how close am i becoming a
dungeon master made him level up you
know like I I've been thinking about
that like because I'm right now I'm
working on my next on my next quest on
my next dungeon and so yeah you do have
to like you have to think about puzzles
and then you have to think about how
you're gonna set up that puzzle right oh
here's that here's the thing though I
actually don't know what I'm gonna do
with this device hit f3 I want to do
something again that's a really easy way
to do it I know that's great and you
know like when when you're trying to
think of a puzzle you want to try to
think of then a few ways to oh it's
pretty close that might do it I think I
think it's definitely gonna do it nice
the cloth senses contact with the warp
motivator grasps it firmly and begins
the ascent back to the grabber now I
don't know what I'm gonna do with this I
know but you figured out that you can do
something like that got it what I'm
assuming I'm assuming that has to go to
the ship okay ah you know that's all I
got
because that ship I guess is what is
supposed to be my way out of here so the
ship now but the ship was one level down
from the from the robot you know what I
should say yeah but there was a big pit
on the edge of the robot oh that's right
so actually that might be in the front
then you know what I'm gonna do right
now
nice save I'm just gonna you you save as
much as you want there's nothing wrong
with it great I got a thing in now got a
thing now
yeah so I think I'm gonna come around
the front yeah
all right here we go doing great space
janitor just you know controlling
machinery
well let's kill me
No so where do we think where do we
think the 8-mile draw my input did you
kind of know what you're doing anyway
I think you're going to farm that could
be so it's like here maybe maybe it's
just this one right here
now that looks like a pile of junk let's
see what happens if we drop it in the
next screen
hey not quite right but that's enough
sensing the floor the claw releases the
cargo and begins this oh no oh no that's
not what I wanted to do you probably you
probably what you get it again yeah yeah
yeah I'm assuming f2 f3 f3
I'm assuming it has to go on the ship
somehow but it could be wrong one way to
find out Jack exactly no trial and error
trial and error no and you know when I
was designing my first my first dungeon
I thought a lot about adventure games
and I thought a lot about like how we
were solving puzzles by just kind of
like feeling out the world and so it's
like oh yeah well maybe if I do this you
know this will give them an option a
option beam this is this is just
straight-up character development one
he's figuring it out figuring it out no
and you know the we have some we have
some friends oh yeah perfect
sensing an adequate surface the cloth
releases the cargo and begins the ascent
to the grabber unit the object thuds
into place within the cavity of the ship
you're welcome we have some friends
coming over tomorrow for Memorial Day
yeah and you know they're like they're
their friends who also have a kid about
our kids age and we've been talking to
them about this whole Dungeons & Dragons
crazy thing right yeah and they they've
they seem relatively into an actually
they said hey like could you put
together like something small for us to
do with our kid and maybe we could do it
all as a group yeah
and so like I've put together like just
a thing that only has like three or four
encounters to it you know either puzzles
or battle encounters and I guess I
we could maybe then we can have a little
groove baby but you know that puts the
pressure on as far as like restraint you
know like they're not strangers but like
you know with people who aren't family
now we gotta now we got to do some some
crazy stuff John blast from the past
Jack yeah
tgd Phoenix and the chat says Space
Quest 3 was actually the first game to
include spikes in game play please tell
Jack thank you rich there are spikes in
Space Quest 3 and it was the first game
to include spikes I don't know that for
sure I'm just reading I'm reading things
yeah but that's the spikes reference
does a nice blast yeah oh yeah all right
there was this room over here I want to
see if I can do anything in this room oh
I see I see where I can do things I'm
with it
here save before you do anything say
before I do anything say before I do
anything I do I forget to save 8 all
right I mean I'm just gonna try to get
out right yeah wow that's great fucking
fuck
oh no oh good what oh I thought I'd died
I didn't die fortunately you come into a
relatively soft landing at a pile of
debris Space Quest gave me the old
bait-and-switch two steps forward one
step back well but I thought I died and
Sara Lee said I'm dying
oh shit oh shit there's wolves you seem
to be in a debris enclosed hollow poking
out of the ceiling is the chute which
you originally entered through some
crusty lamps linked by non ul-approved
wire provide additional illumination
that'll help you now
but I don't know about help me like I
don't know I'm alright that's fine
got it maybe I didn't want it now how
about that look at rats right
oh they're rats I thought they were well
I think they're rats but you hear
something scurrying around above you you
can't actually see the rats because
they're hidden in the shadows Oh
space rats space rats
oh there's a ladder so obviously x wing
wing plane buh buh yeah
bending aside a thin piece of scrap you
find an opening into an other area and
climb on in huh
you're the bottom left oh can you get
back down from there Trek climb down
move over just a little bit to the right
try a little bit more to the right well
there you go
so if I need that wire later I know
where to go
okay so now I dropped it in the ship so
I can go back to the ship now and maybe
it'll do something he is the planet grab
the ladder what happened grab the lad
did you know I mean I climbed so I
grabbed it sure
do do do do do do do do do do do do not
selling I'm chat don't tell me I'm not
telling them don't tell me nothing I'm
not selling them I don't want you to
tell me nothing you don't want to tell
me nothing
occasionally I I know occasionally just
remind me to save I I know one arm
you darn hippies one arm dude says on
battle tank well I'd also like
unrestricted customization on the mechs
it does seem to fit plot wise that 100%
custom max aren't available in the
backwoods of the universe no that's why
I want to make one either way
glad that you guys will be reviewing it
soon and love the stream welcome wait I
thought I put the thing in the ship you
did
well it's got a a warp-core in it now
which is nice it probably wouldn't have
flown without that sure but I guess that
doesn't power it or anything
Oh enough enough enough tell me then you
want a hit huh tell me when you want a
hit yeah I will do you remember how you
got out of the rat pit the ladder yeah
yeah yeah
really what I guess I just assumed that
the the latter was uh was glued to the
floor if you will that's a letter I can
just take the ladder gosh dang it
come on go come on go I said I saw
someone in chat by the way and by the
way chat I'm not looking at you very
often because I don't want spoilers and
I look over just so you know check out
the chat a little bit and I see
someone's who says grab ladder yeah and
I don't know if you knew the answer if
you're just trying to help but like I
know I I saw that I was like hi hat grab
the ladder yeah I did it when I climbed
it you know one of those things if you
know the answers to the puzzle please
don't tell me and you might just be
playing along the ladder puzzle is by
far the dumbest puzzle in the game that
is a dumb problem it might be one I
needed help with when I was 12
yeah well but generally like I would
never think to like grab a piece of the
floor you know grab a ladder you grab
the ladder and jam it in your pocket oh
this game ciara their classic sierra
it's an object though it it is an object
but it's also part of the scenery you
know it's a little bit of both it's that
gray area so not the worst puzzle in the
world but also the worst puzzle in the
world you know
kibosh malarkey says if you could add
one thing to the world and take another
away what would they be and why it's
like a Barbara Walters question when
she's just trying to throw someone off
like we had a tree would you be
what what now tell me now tell me about
the associations oh yeah yeah dumbass
tree question huh I'll tell you all
about the accusations it's like a job
interview when they ask you what do you
see yourself in five years just so they
can hear you why right and as at this
company definitely at this company I use
a ladder step working for your nearest
competitor mm-hmm
cuz they'll probably pay me more you
notice it beast you notice it to be
slick up here be careful you know what
that means Jack's a minute number nine
boom look at you guys watch Yahtzee and
game play this no but I I played this a
lot when I was a kid mm-hmm
or enthusiastically at least like this
you might not have been here earlier but
I I have fond memories of this game as
being the the first Sierra game I beat
with relatively little help right look
at hatch I did that as a small hatch try
opening it no cuz it's slick up here and
the fact be war we warned you to be
careful did you listen no good luck next
time except for the sudden stop at the
end
look at his fucking hand that's
horrifying listen it's a game for kids
you move into position and grabbing the
dull finish of the hatches handle
commence to open and enter the ship at
first you are surprised at how intact
the ship's interior is and immediately
you you're immediately it's your rights
is a panel with a red button at midship
on the right wall is the ship's main
diagnostic computer directly across our
two passenger seats ahead of you is the
cockpit it's the first thing you should
do its press save
is save before I press the button which
is what I want to do
okay so now we press button the ramp is
mobilized by the junk is laying in so
you exit through the hatch instead the
hat the button might be then from a
landing thing well the pressing the
button makes me leave this is say what
the button is for look at the button
just the ramp oh oh okay okay so when
you want to or Malay when you would want
to leave the ship you would hit that
button right power critically low oh
shit no excuse me
power critically low auxilary reactor
not online in just a timeout automatic
apparently f3 oh right insufficient
power to commence with system check
using stored power below 10% okay so I
need to find a power I'll look around
let's look at seat however the pilot
seat is where you'd rather I don't know
but some on the ground will right is it
a little right that looks like a little
hatch look at captain chair gain Florida
cabin consists mainly of a ramp that is
currently shut an access panel that has
been removed to reveal an empty reactor
compartment look at panel that look at
wall surge compartment look at
compartment
you look into Cabot into the cavity and
notice only two cable ends someone has
made off with the ship's power supply
okay alright so I need a power supply
yep and an auxilary reactor
oh really just a power supply yes well
alright well let's keep moving on then
push button let's do it yeah Stewart go
to the ladder the ladder you fuck burger
king diamond says yesterday I watched a
movie called my lovely burnt brother and
his squash brain an 80s
sov film from Italy it was so bad that
it made feeders look like a Bergman film
avoid it and all costs
will do fucking hated feeders I mean it
was bad it was a bad movie fuse was bad
obviously my blood shot says what game
from the Xbox ps2 GameCube memory do you
think was drastically overlooked I think
that Destroy All Humans eternal darkness
and psyops the mind Gaede conspiracy
were sadly forgotten
I think the first Maximo got a little
bit of attention when it first came out
but the sequel which is better in every
way is definitely overlooked Maximo
versus the army of Zin also zone of the
enders to the second runner one of the
best fucking action games ever fucking
made nobody ever talks about it hmm
alright there's a remaster of it on the
PlayStation 3 it's also on the Xbox 360
but I don't think they patched that
version to run right
okay and ran the the remake the
re-release the remaster ran like crap
out of the box I I've always heard I've
I've never I don't even know I don't
even know what the gameplay looks like
but I have always heard that eternal
darkness is this long-forgotten gem of a
game yeah I can't even tell you what
kind of game it is I have no idea I
don't know what it looks like all I know
is what the box looks like is that lady
with the flashlight okay that's the only
thing I know about eternal darkness and
but I've always heard that oh that's the
everyone missed out on the greatest game
and I'm actually very interested in
playing it I have a copy at home and a
Gamecube there's a second remaster of
zone of the enders 2 coming out on ps4
that sign me up son me the fuck up
well rich yeah what's going on that's
well that's my question
I don't want you to tell me yet this the
reactor this I don't remember okay so I
can't really help you I don't know yeah
I'm a bit at a loss right now as to
where to go my plan is there was that
there was that there was that room with
the robot in it on the other side of the
that little walkway that I went on yeah
and so I'm gonna head back over there if
we get desperate we can just look shit
up yeah that's well I'm sure the chat
already knows yes
so I'm not too worried but that's my
plan for now is just to go back up here
cuz that seemed to have its add some
unexplored shit to it well is there an
area that you'd feel like you haven't
explored it that well I don't know I
mean you know there I haven't been to
any new areas I don't know what you mean
well yeah the computer room with the
robot I I haven't been in there but I
saw it you know I haven't been in there
but I saw it and so that's my plan
alright drop me on on the thing
Oh Jack are you forgetting something
to save something that would well do you
want to join a hint cuz it might come in
handy and it might save time if we you
tell me am I forgetting something if you
want a hint or just me to tell you well
I have a gem right inventory I have a
glowing gem let me let me do this first
okay if you you kind of know what
they're saying right yeah okay yeah give
me a give me a minute here let me let me
check out this robot over here and see
what's up with that robot then if when I
fail you you'd let me know what's up
yeah see look at that robot look at that
that seems like something important
right
rich who is your favorite fictional band
fictional band Oh hands down Dethklok
hands down Dethklok yeah they're pretty
great yeah they're pretty great I fell
off a thing we haven't seen footwork
like that since Gerald Ford a dated but
wonderful reference unfortunately your
fall causes you to make contact with the
non-moving deck below the resulting
impact forces the cancellation of your
subscription to life yeah yeah all right
I button right wall is the ship's main
diagnostic computer directly across
capacities I had to use the cockpit to
be fair the the the Gerald Ford falling
reference has a head I had had some legs
just because of Chevy Chase and Saturday
Night Live they would make fun of that
you were sitting in the pilot's seat of
this sporty little ship in front of you
is the control panel which contains a
computer screen both computers it
doesn't even a fictional band don't they
have to play real music unless is a fan
of the TV shown you just never see them
perform but I'm presuming the question
was referencing things like Dethklok and
the monkeys or Lionel tap no gorillas
are well the animated band the actual
gorilla zzzz
like that's so like here let's get into
crazy samman yeah right where it's like
okay Dethklok is a fictional band
yes but it's written all the songs are
written by real and performed by real
people who are just putting on a persona
so by that by that a definition you're
kind of a real man is kiss a fictional
band because it's real people putting on
the persona right what's you know huh so
how does that work they're all real
bands surprisingly you can find some
gray areas there yes yeah yeah this is
what I'm saying like spice spinal tap is
great like their music isn't that great
but they're great Dethklok has it over
spinal tap well they're okay Dethklok is
both a funny parody of a heavy metal the
heavy metal band and yet also they have
some really good music right you get the
best of both worlds from Dethklok
exactly
yeah get up I wish I wish they'd
finished Metalocalypse I really wish
they that stings yeah yeah okay rich
yeah what am I forgetting the ladder
bring it with you I think is the
suggestion
oh that's a good suggestion by the way
yeah it's a fantastic suggestion good
suggestion everyone oh wait wait I wish
Metalocalypse had ended a season earlier
they got into the weeds hard all right
when Metalocalypse released that special
the the doom star Requiem that should
have been a cliffhanger that should have
been the conclusion yeah I have a ladder
now we're gonna use this ladder
I actually try a typing training game Oh
I if I could if I could turn back time
if I could be sheriff for a minute and
just turn back time I would have in
highschool taken
we had a typing elective yep in high
school you know to learn how to be a
touch typist I do wish I was a touch
typist yeah yeah and I and and I think
I'm at a point in my life where I like a
type good enough like I just I've tried
like oh they have like free typing stuff
online yeah get your fidget back man
yeah
and you know I've tried to like teach
myself how to be a touch typist now and
I just can't like I can't find the time
or willingness we could play a typing
game they have them I know they have
those but I do I regret not learning how
to be a touch typist the chat would love
to see typing of the dead that would be
great that would be great I wonder
yeah I'm just soft hot huntin packing I
don't really have to look but oh but you
make me like I make typos yes constant
yes I make typos constantly and I you
know like I'm pretty fast such tight
means not looking at the keyboard yeah
but this is a special way you're
supposed to do it oh well and that's the
whole thing about being a touch typist
is like you know that if if you don't
know on a keyboard on the J and F key as
I need to look down to find they have
two little grooves on them so if you are
a touch typist you can just place your
fingers there and know exactly where
they go and you train your fingers you
train your muscle memory to go exactly
where they're supposed to go to type
anything without looking at the keyboard
and I would love that
I would love to have that skill
implanted in my brain is what I'm saying
maybe I should do what I did with when I
you know when I remember when I forced
myself to D D invert my mouse look yeah
let's just sit down and force myself to
learn touch type I'd love to I'd love to
I have you know what I have been doing
this is something I have been trying to
teach myself now part part of my my
pocket part of my carry yeah you know
like I care to pin with me everywhere I
go I carry a knife with me everywhere I
go I carry a notebook everywhere with me
I go that's like my things that I carry
yeah but I've started carrying a quarter
really one quarter because one it's a
good fidget it's a legit but how I've
been fidgeting lately cuz every once in
a while like I just I do I need
something I need something yeah like and
often times when I don't have anything I
open and close the knife in my pocket
which is Dane probably not a good idea
so I have a quarter and and this some I
talked about a stream before I've wanted
to learn how to do sleight of hand okay
and so I've been training myself to
learn sleight of hand and you know like
there's a specific place in your thumb
thank you so and so like you do this you
put it on your fingers and then you like
close it like this shoving it into that
area but
your thumb and so like when you open
your hand yeah it looks quasi natural
but the quarters there yeah
and so that's that's what I've been
fidgeting with lately as a way to teach
myself the simple quarter sleight of
hand yeah productive fidget that's a
great idea it's a productive fidget dr.
fidget and so like you know if a kid
looks at this they're not gonna
immediately think that I have anything
here those people aren't looking for the
trick exactly if you don't blow enough
you don't tell them you doing it right
right and so that's my productive fidget
is teaching myself that that's sleight
of hands right right and I've been I've
been pretty happy with that but yes I
have an edged weapon with me all the
time actually I have a really great new
knife look at this look at this little
thing isn't this the perfect little
knife I I just think I don't I don't
know that's not against the Terms of
Service showing a tiny knife you see how
tiny this knife is I'm sure gonna bust
in here any moment
with the edged weapon this is this is my
new knife I just got it was like a
Kickstarter little life and it's tiny
and it doesn't have like a belt loop on
it and it's perfect it's the perfect
little life and I fucking love it
put it away Oh No come on come on you
all oh by the way look at it look at our
outfit right now it's perfectly lined up
oh wow wow that's so weird okay
okay okay what happens when we look
around you seem to be in a debris Xin
clothes hollow poking out of the ceiling
is the chute which you originally
entered through some crusty lamps linked
by a non ul approved wire providing
additional illumination and I've tried
to take the wire before what we need all
right I feel comfortable doing this
because I don't remember this part of
Space Quest 3 okay
what's powering the lamps because we
need a power source right right what are
the wires go well and you know I tried
to do that well last time I was down
here I tried to follow the wire out and
I wasn't look at see look at wires yeah
like I tried to go like over here and
follow the wire out and I wasn't able to
you know like it kind of stuck here well
it might be just something that's in
that pile like what are the wires go
with a sure like look at what happens we
actually type in look at wire look at
wire some brittle looking wire runs from
lamp to lamp and then disappears into a
hole to the left oh there you go there
you go look at hole you peer into the
small opening now I'm remembering
something so I'm gonna shut up okay and
notice a tiny reactor which seems to be
providing power to the lights and you
know what I'm gonna do I click that Save
button just do that so I'm gonna reach
in hole pardon me this program is too
stupid to gleam your desire from such a
wonderfully crafted sentence please try
something else
search stick arm in hole it usually
usually the preferred way to do this is
like search then it'll tell you what's
in there sure and then you grab that
big thing no no put a hand and in hole
look at all look in oh well okay so so
should have worked come on game take
react door you unhook the reactor from
the cheap wires and take it with you and
I'm gonna run now I'm gonna open awake
Inc of it come on because I'm betting
those lights kept things away so we're
gonna move fast
that's my I thought at least I'm gonna
hustle hustle it right up climb ba Lima
and we're gonna take ladder ouch great
alright we're getting on it great wait
did you what's in your inventory okay
yeah I took the reactor and something
didn't happen that I remember happening
which is interesting but my memories
fuzzy so okay okay no I mean that's not
a bad thing so no that's just you know
did you get the letter I got after the
ladder I have the ladder I have a
glowing gem and I have a reactor yeah
yeah we're moving we are moving I was oh
I'm wondering if I was able to grab the
wire or if the wire was just a thing to
get me to the reactor I guess we'll
never know
I guess we'll never know
I climb the Jupiter ship I tried I was
not haha what what fucking Mouse you
seem to have been mugged by some kind of
large rats as you pick loose fur from
your teeth you notice a less bulky
feeling oh fuck you Mouse's coming for
you are you going we're gone where'd you
go he's going to ship probably right
coming for you where are you
gosh dang it
where'd that mouse go
you know I got meeting a ship already is
he Jack Jack knows he's missing the
thing yeah yeah I'm obviously I'm
obviously missing the thing I'm assuming
I'm assuming the the mouse is gonna take
that thing here and I'm gonna catch him
inside here right yeah nope that is an
incorrect saven ah shit
forty K funky tomb says hey guys started
replaying Ninja Gaiden Sigma recently
I'm killing a group of enemies without
getting hit has never made me feel more
like a goddamn ninja rich what was your
opinion of the third game did not hear
good things about it
oh yeah the third game was ass the third
game was absolutely ass I know there's a
version on the Wii U that from what I've
read address some of my issues with it
like there's actually more than one
weapon in the game now okay it might
actually be difficult I'd be different I
am I am not so familiar well I bought it
when I came out but I haven't never
gotten around to playing it the version
on the Wii U okay
to that rat and someone in the chat is
saying that that version is great it's
called razor's edge okay on the Wii U
the gaiden 3 razor's edge Edition or
something like that
mm-hm gave me some more things to do
apparently it dumped the difficulty I
believe it actually I say see the other
the other games had like a whole bunch
of different weapons now three now you
only got the default weapon ah well then
really really a really weird choice
mm-hmm because obviously that doesn't
add anything to the game yeah but I
could see if maybe if they added like
new combos or different ways to feel
that progression okay climb back he put
it back okay save Jack that's a really
smart call thank you
let's do that again let's save 12
and so how do we not get mugged by rats
look and whole take react or take well
they seem to like the lights the rats
yeah yeah they want the lights
yeah and Chad I'm not gonna say because
I remember I remember the solution now
to that you got it you gave me a hint
oh you gave me a hint
I just said I'm not gonna say huh I just
said I'm not gonna say you said they
seem to like the light okay uh you know
I'm a jerk and I'm sorry jack
I apologize them it's too much of a hint
mm-hmm I'm trying to be good
oh well maybe you didn't
oh we're just hint us wrong anyway hey
yeah right the gem leaving the glowing
gem here that's what I assumed was your
hint it's been it's been over 20 years
since I probably find this well what was
the last time I played this maybe not
quite 20 years it's been well over a
decade though I'll say that sure well
over a decade
there's nothing but crusty wire ends
okay well I can't use my gem here
I thought rich was hinting that I should
drop my glowing gem in here I'm just
wrong I mean yeah
apparently you're just wrong but maybe
what we can you know maybe what we can
do is we know we're gonna get mugged in
the tube so maybe what we can do is drop
the glowing gem in there maybe we'll see
to distract the rat name of the game
distract the rat my friend I know we're
not gonna get to the halfway point so
now can we drop Jim take out Jim hold oh
there you go
look around in general someone or
something has done a real job on this
tanker was this the result of some space
battle perhaps you're not the only one
roaming around in here Oh
is it really that stupid worry just
doesn't bug you the second time wait
yeah all right I'll take it
does he mug me somewhere else I'll take
it I see that chat
I'll save I do like I constantly forget
to save all right
come on Roger Wilco get me there
we're having a heat wave here - I wasn't
95 today it was hot as thearc today
that was fine outside I don't mind to
keep that much yeah yeah oh that's the
mouse uh yeah it was pretty hot today
you know if you're closer to the leg
there's a decent breeze all right I use
a react door you drop the reactor into
the hole in attempting to reconnect the
cables you find that I tried to take the
wire I think there's different wires you
could take okay I tried to take the wire
when I was down I know I know I know
different wire you think there's
different way or you can take care you
always just tell you know where I think
they are no all right I don't here's
some wires maybe I'll just take these
wires those are clearly wires take wires
I won't help you now huh look - dang it
I wear their wires where are their wires
climb baa maybe maybe that Nemo no
because we already looked in that one
hatch on the on the the lost in space
ship just keep your eyes peeled for
wires
I don't know
Roger Wilco oh oh oh come on wait wait
wait what did it say I tried to use
ladders wait hold on you did a jack you
did the thing I did the thing I I
thought it was these wires and so I
tried to use my ladder there right take
those wires but all right I did it
I'm the smartest all the time I do all
the smart things say hey oh geez I know
it's always smart no I'm sorry David II
know people says hey it's jerk Piccard
and Dick evens that you guys should play
in justice too now is the perfect time
because III is around the corner are you
excited for anything particular no
nothing in particular yeah I'd love to
hear it announce the new doom I'd love
to hear that
didn't they announce something rage oh
that's right we talked about that rage -
yeah yeah I'd love I'd love a definite
date on on Dark Souls remastered for the
switch it just came out for everything
else and I was really looking forward to
playing that on my switch
besides that yeah you know things come
out when they come out can you take a
letter with in here yeah it'd be a
convenient thing to have in here when
you're on the ship could you like pull
it up and take it with you
maybe I don't remember that that's just
a suggestion
that's not like a hit that's not a hint
that's just me asking legitimately can
you do it that's not I remember the
solution and I'm proud of you okay okay
okay we cannot take the ladder when we
are on top of the ship all right
use wires you carefully connect the wire
between the ship and the reactor putting
the tile back in place once you're
finished look at computer power level
normal yay yes what Norman AMA no
landing gear nah Manila warp motivator
Naaman oh you did it jack
Wow I know let's save a because I I did
it what around 14 okay let's go let's uh
sit in cockpit boom before we go chat
Jack my memory are we forgetting
something that's going to screw us
further down the line there's not like a
godchild you didn't do that thing at the
beginning of the game now you're fucked
I'm pretty sure there's not but I think
we're good to go
okay
you feel a strong rumbling of ships
trains to loosen itself from the
confines of the junk heap accumulated at
a space finally it begins to rise the
ship Rises success successfully but
collides with the top of the freighter
the resulting explosion sends a pop free
of flesh and metal fragments careening
in all directions okay tried to drive
your car through the wall of the garage
Jack all right so what do we got what do
we got rust generation underway acquired
adequate thrust achieved radar is now
operational
well not in flight okay right
and okay I just have to take off but
maybe I can stop it stop stop then stops
abruptly great the ship Rises several
meters then stops abruptly an alarm from
the computer attracts your attention
because I turned on my radar this time
held due to obstruction yes no what now
what weapons system ship comes in from
behind when the enemy ship comes from
behind you will automatically begin
tracking use the direction keys or mouse
to move the target crosshairs onto the
target when you were locked on use the
spacebar to fire back front the shot
blasts a new orifice on the side of the
junk freight area take that freighter
peace out bitch some freshener generated
by the desire of the ship's atmospheric
to escape to the considerably lower
pressure of the subspace causes your
ship to be spit out like a watermelon
seed yeah
let's save so this is gonna be 16