Surviving Metal Weapons (Part 3)
February 25, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QGB7wqgIbW4

how many wins four Jack exactly one I
have exactly one win under my belt just
one rich and I need before I can stop
playing this game and wait for it for
its 1.0 release I need a win with the
iron do you remember when you have more
wins in this game than I didn't I mean
it wasn't that long ago rich it was like
two days ago
III believe him don't do it tonight ruin
the the sleep stream what am I gonna do
tank it on purpose you place poison no
silent no all right all right
I'm transformer card
yeah that's super happy with that sleep
stream yes if you don't know jack is
planning on what was a Tuesday or
Thursday or 101 Tuesday or Thursday no
there's this week jack is going to play
slay the spire on stream either until he
beats it with ironclad or until he falls
asleep while still playing the game and
as soon as I nod off hopefully I'll wake
up soon after so I can shut off the
stream so you guys won't see me sleeping
in my chair which I really don't want to
happen but them's the breaks
because I really want to beat the game
as the ironclad I've already beaten it
as the silence and I would really like
to beat it as the ironclad by the way
that relic people were saying was bad
where you couldn't see the intention
yeah first time I beat it I had that
it's here so no it's fair
I should watch the stream and call him
if that happens we'll see how lady goes
but yeah I can do that I'll probably be
playing dishonored I'm not gonna stream
that no I did some job I want to take it
in and enjoy it yeah but I totally plan
on playing through the first dishonored
not good I really like this honored to
know there's a lot of fun motherfucker
it's like an evolution of thief dishonor
it really is so good yeah I'd like to a
lot why not stream that because I want
to I want to get into it and enjoy it
like I can't I can't do that on the
stream it's a terrible way to take in
the atmosphere of a game yeah thank you
especially it came like this owner
that's trying to be immersive
like any of this little fur the silent
or sword guy in this game they're hard
to describe it they're different they're
but they're both very different yeah
that which is by the way really nice
it's Nina you get to play the game
multiple times
yeah but they're both fine choices is
what I would say sure sure they're both
fine choices but yeah they're you know
the the the ironclad is more just
standard attack defense and the silent
is is a lot more like potion yes little
little bits of things and poison and
status effects all that all that fun
stuff
Juanes bail on the others female I
believe yeah for as much as it really
matters
all right silent the silence kind of
like a which chair sure that's a good
one yeah
rebel bases did you guys see the NASA
astronauts speak out against Elon Musk
and are trying to shut down his mission
for public space travel butts maybe they
know something the public doesn't I was
like aliens
no it's because they don't want to they
don't want to reveal that it actually is
a flat earth oh there another conspiracy
I were seeing that interview a long time
ago where who was it was like John Glenn
or something was talking about this is
well before like the the the rockets
yeah the Falcon X Rockets were like
operational he was like that's the
dumbest idea he's dumb and like Elon
Musk was giving an interview on TV and
they're like on tennis was like John a
llama says John Glenn is my hero and I
can't believe it was crying because it's
like why be a dickhead man he's trying
to what did they say specifically
astronauts oh I don't know these new
ones I'm just talking about John Glenn
okay they don't want more cars floating
around in space well that means yeah or
they just trying to protect NASA's
interesting do it this is my job and
you're taking my job I don't like
anything oh my god it is I'm not happy
with any of those choices what did we
think the other unrevealed or unfinished
slay the spire character will be like
Jack okay doc doesn't care I don't know
I don't know I don't know what the
gimmick will be
to do
could be anything it'd be great I hope
my only hope is that much like with iron
class in silent ironclad and silent
there it's a very different experience
like arts that is just very different so
probably a thief well yeah that's less
relevant than how it plays them yeah
yeah I guess I could have taken
Mosca do those skirty who sure do nice
on your recommendation I've been playing
slay the spirals I tuned in a prereq and
you're also slaying the spire it's true
this is my life now and I have you to
blame or thank me to be fair we weren't
we weren't going to play this today we
started playing metal gear survived and
then that got old
just got really old
playing that alone doesn't necessarily
help but I think that's something
there's no waiting so why don't I pick
that game because we're talking about
doing review on it and it's an excuse to
get a few more hours into it and it only
got one it's okay it's not the worst
thing no so far it is not the worst
thing but it's it's just like Metal Gear
5 gameplay wise but a lot worse and a
lot less interesting because the zombies
are kind of stupid
oh yeah I mean in game they're just kind
of stupid like you just put up a fence
and you probe them through the fence
mad strats mad poking strats i know i
know Kojima isn't masturbating all over
the dialogue and the story I know I know
and that's horrible I'm horribly sorry
for you Metal Gear fans that you don't
get any of the stupid bullshit that you
so desperately crave look what's in this
pretty stupid you might like the stupid
silly zombies I won't read the stupid
silly interdimensional portals you might
like that that might be stupid enough
for you we can only hope it's stupid
enough for you they know that already
it's fine
at least Kojima didn't try to Bill you
for basic game functions hello boom
Kotaro all delete that's a fantastic
point yes he might have shoved in the
most batshit insane story and but he
didn't charge you money for a save file
whoo-hoo dang who Danielle I never got
past the hospital part of Metal Gear
Solid 5 by far that is the worst part of
the game it actually becomes a fun
open-world espionage military soldier
game after that look what we got here
you just got to get past the flying
whales just gotta get past the flying
whales
liebherr would double healed yes I'm
gonna double heal
yeah oh I have this flower I've never
gotten that healing is 50% more
effective during combat and then I got
the Reaper card you're gonna have to
cancel your sleeper from fire straining
you're gonna have to cancel it you are
gonna win tonight it's looking pretty
good I don't wanna I don't wanna I don't
want to jinx anything
all I got to think is what would rich
Evans do I gotta I'm gonna go I'm gonna
go to the shop is what I think Chad if
the will at the whale ever comes back
and Metal Gear Solid five I wouldn't
know because I skipped all the cutscenes
after that the opening of Metal Gear
Solid 5 that that are that that that
opening alone filled my Kojima bullshit
quotient and overflowing oh my god well
up to overflowing and me me me Jack you
see me play games right it's like a
psychological thing I never skip
cutscenes I just can't do it yeah I want
to break that narrative flow why it's
just bizarre yet Metal Gear Solid 5 fuck
this shit
skip fuck miss shift skip fuck this shit
skip
can I want to yeah I have this so I have
the potion that gives me two strength I
think I can deal with this enemy I think
I can deal with this I don't want to
waste my strength potion on this enemy
Justin elites pretty basic one he's won
though word anytime I do a non attack
sometimes you just got to do it if you
think you if you think you'll be able to
kill him the next turn and sometimes
it's wise to do some tactical blocking
it is but every time I use a block he
gets try no so like I know all I'm
worried about for him is more damage
what's juggernaut say that's the every
time I do block that's not gonna help me
terrible but I got rampage and I got
strike so end and a industro get off so
is it every time you use a skill or
every time you use a skill end upon
anything that's not an attack a skill
skill okay so like I'm gonna use shrug
it off because I want to gain a Corral
no but that'll just make him stronger so
actually I'm not gonna defend here even
though like that'll negate this attack I
you'll get him next turn almost sure
certainly right
maybe that's worth it he's only doing
two damage so yeah yeah long as you got
two strikes next turn
let's see
technical block jack tactical block
preferred strike boom
ooh bag of preparation at the start of
each combat draw two additional cards
and a fire potion heck yeah one card
place a card from your hand on top of
your draw pile that
I mean any sort of drawing card thing is
great but I also just don't wanna gain
five-block if this card is exhausted
gained two energies I don't have
anything that exhausts cards right now
not yet the question is I mean otherwise
it functions like a normal shield right
could you use another normal shield this
is the question right the answer might
be no I don't know but I could also get
rid of a shield later and just have this
in case I get something you I can't make
this decision no no I know you can't but
like Here I am at a shop ready to you
know possibly ready to get rid of a card
see like this exhaust one card draw two
cards and that would pair really well
with that because I it would that means
I get two new energies and two new cards
that is a really good pairing regular
enemy combats are no longer encountered
in question Minds now they don't care
about that somebody's mad at you for not
taking one strike
twenty records - twin strike will boost
perfected strike oh my god I thought I
forgot about perfected strike you're
absolutely right what is this perfect
the strike thing you know that's the
that's the card for every other card it
that says strike on it I got this one
does three additional damage there you
go there you go oh my god I'm a dummy
there you go I think I'm gonna get this
and I'm gonna get strength it was my
plan you done fucked up jack I mean I
did comes over runs over if buddy we can
go home oh there's always more there's
always more
nice nice nice I like this one this
rampage yeah yeah that's good with a
small deck I don't know that's just a
nice it's just one it's just one so like
why not have that over a regular strike
you know
bandits would have been 6hp free heal
the what a bandage you know more
strength and the ability if you breed
the things I'm not necessarily agreeing
with them right I haven't been paying
enough attention to your situation right
right
if I ever seen chaos on the bridge
documentary about the making of Star
Trek TNG I have it was good hmm see it's
this one if I get this one with the card
that if I can exhaust it again anything
like that that'll pair well together
let's Reaper these motherfuckers
one of her William Shatner felt about
Star Trek The Next Generation he hated
it he wasn't the star not like what he's
actually said in an interview I mean
what he genuinely felt I am Star Trek
that's exactly what he thinks about it's
watering down my brand so you look at
these paint look at this do this exhaust
this oh that's beautiful
I suspect he felt a little honored and a
little above it I highly highly doubt
that I highly doubt that felt above it
and pissed that he was out yeah I am the
stop see like here wild strike 12 damage
Scheffel a wound into your draw pile
that makes my deck builder but it also
makes the strike card Shatner was doing
movies at that time he was fine didn't
want to do series anymore maybe maybe
maybe
17 damage that's nice
8 block this card is exhausted oh that's
nice - three times I'll strike we're
gonna damage we're going damage damage
per strike here we go here we go
oh shit no dummy
and saving this just for this occasion
come now the children need to learn
about tech Wars Oh God
Tech more as William sat Shatner series
of novels which were almost certainly
ghosts with me actually you know I read
the first ones kind of need all said and
done honestly but ultimately a cryogenic
prison doesn't make any sense
oh right and that was one of the central
premises of tech war if I'm remembering
it right was a cryogenic way you just
pause them they might be in prison for
20 years for them it's again simple
worst where is the punishment punishment
where's the rehabilitation right what is
right what is it doing like Italy you
know demolition man they they they
talked about that we're like while you
were while you were in the ice we
reprogrammed you brain and which makes
no sense which all say okay like how
what was the energy cost to keep these
people on ice for so long and what kind
of services society society are they
gonna do afterwards right no it all
makes no sense
yeah
this price shadow didn't try and turn it
into a religion like l ron Hubbard that
he'd probably felt no no no no Shatner
fans our Star Trek fans Star Trek is a
very secular thing
III imagine the people who gravitate
towards Star Trek as a general rule
would be less likely to fall into a
hokey religion that was clearly invented
by a science-fiction author
Star Wars fans sure they'll join they'd
they'd buy into the George Lucas
religion they love the religion angle
by the way I'm so annoyed that discovery
has now basically introduced the force
into Star Trek today with the with them
I see mycelial Network but now has
forced ghosts in it I basically they've
it's their version of midi-chlorians
yeah no yeah yeah I guess that's true I
suppose that's true
relatively little game there but okay oh
well yeah no I'm just I'm just trying to
think of the damage output and what I
can do here it'll be fine
I'm gonna beat him there's a deleted
scene where they're sparring with phaser
swords I I wouldn't I wouldn't
disbelieve that in a discovery I would I
wouldn't just count that no
all right here we go
here we go here we go 21
well how many more damage till he clams
up 36 1 you want to get him to just I
don't know if I can beat him okay
like a beer well it gets the shield up
isn't a after oh shit well listen oh you
did you did about as good as you could
hope that's part be the best you could
have done
Oh a stern so hey proof okay well great
now I only have to hit him for two so I
think I can I think I can make it all
shields yeah I'll even hit him I'll
shoot another Reaper another Reaper rich
you need to take it yeah that's great
you just need some strength to get some
real use out of them I really know have
you ever been to any states outside
Wisconsin alright I'd come from the
state outside it was constant hello yes
this could be this could be a fun this
could be a fun one with the snake oh I
draw two additional cards each turn
start each combat confused hey you want
to go for that I'm saying you know oh no
it could completely ruin like I know it
could any low-level enemy could destroy
me because I wouldn't be able to play
half my cards but it could be fun what's
that top one gained one energy and but
start with two wounds in my draw pile
which could pair well if I get the thing
that don't thing and and this one but I
okay no longer use potions at least
obtain them I think you could still use
the one you have could no longer obtain
why don't we go one of those two all
right I say I did good as ironclad I
mean you do whatever you want you do
whatever you want I did good with
ironclad when I had a lot of energy to
play with of course
no of course and I do have the the thing
that lets me draw more cards so I think
I'm gonna go mark a pain start with two
wounds okay
because you know I like potions I know
you can only use three of them at a time
but I still like him all right what do
we need here weed shops and we need
dudes cuz I need more I need dudes
because we need more attack okay or not
it's a strength we need to strike yeah
so I need the ability to get can you can
you even get rare cards from a normal
monster fight that's not a tallied fight
every once in a while they're rare but
yeah I think I think I think you can
alright so I'm gonna stick to the right
here some some Limit Breaks some dual
wheels head do wield in demon form and
madness one hand with the madness made
my demon form cause zero so I used my
upgraded do a wheeled out of nice to get
three zero cost demon form cards that
meant I was gaining nine strength every
time hmm
it was awesome
wait wait wait rare cards are rare that
can't be right
look look look jackass I know they're
rare and they're supposed to be rare I'm
just wondering if they were even
possible even from a weaker monster or
if you had to be in a league I believe
they are yeah okay
well I say I got Reaper from a regular
enemy attack okay okay and Reapers a
rare one
so perfect this dragon isn't your deck I
just assumed it was every strike in your
hand
no it's every strike in your sack I
don't have to I don't have to give
perfected strike more of a chance next
time I see him yeah the only issue is by
the time I got it I actually had already
gotten rid of one of my strike cards
yeah but I always just wrote it off cuz
I'm thinking um strikes to the thing I'm
trying to get rid of exactly
yeah
perfective strike is bad because it
punishes you for slimming down the deck
and slam is win I'm one with ironclad
with 28 cards when win is a slim is very
viable and useful tactic but it's not
necessarily the only thing that works
how does he keep gaining health
as a general rule yes but it is not the
only way hmm actually two of my wins
were 28 and 26 hers yeah yeah I'd show
you in the screen word shows you some
reason it's showing your past records
not mine
it's very strange
Tom will strike just makes that other
card and it draws a card great perfect
perfect great perfect let's do it
why does Jack end the turn with energy
left to use if I if I had to guess I'm
not Jack he's not used to having a lot
of energy he's used to just being able
to play the three cards that's my guess
I don't know if I'm right or perhaps I
had one energy left used but all my
cards were two energy cards or the only
card left in my hand was a defense and
they weren't attacking so it would have
just been pointless guys there's lots of
reasons thing you missed a strike I
strike you could have my very well might
have yeah absolutely I just pointed out
oh shit you're pointed out point out
every wrong thing you've ever done
because I mean how dare you oh oh yeah
well I know you can even knock one of
them down that's great
you got the reaper hit them all yeah Lee
was gonna hit them all and then go knock
one of them that will probably knockdown
you why because you're about to attack
me so fuck you you could have stopped
the one from getting stronger or just
perfect the right choice oh no easy easy
peasy easy peasy
just knock another one down you know
yeah you're not the one that's gonna hit
him throw down and throw up five shield
oh yeah I guess your code is he's gonna
take three here he's busy he's oh he's
busy can't use my flame I probably
should have drawn that one out first but
oh well no I was fine
block the motherfucker all right hello
I'm Paige I'm strike okay so I can kill
one with one strike I can kill two yeah
nice and then rampage one of them so
that one gains or defend we'll see how
we feel
so you get killed you get killed or you
could defend from that twelve
that's that might be good yeah cuz
that's only gonna do four damage but it
does increase everything but I can't
imagine the the battle will last them
right yeah yeah Jack remember to buy
eggs thank you
that's more important later that's fine
you bash them you'll be fine
everything's fine fine five o'clock oh I
guess this won't even matter because
he's not attacking but now this next
time if we can do just right that's fine
all right that's fine you got it
you've got it you can knock him down at
the very least yeah I know you want to
use that reap I do but it would just
won't do anything you'll do more damage
to you than you get back well you can
use it after that yeah cuz you have for
energy totally you could totally hit him
with Reaper now or I could kill him well
use Reaper now get a little bit of
health back and then next turn kill him
he'll be down and we can either way he's
falling yeah
yeah
what we got here feel no payment of her
card is exhausted game six block I only
have one exhaust oh that could work
great with that exhaust all mount attack
cards came seven block exhaust a random
card to him no I don't want any of those
I only have one card that exhausts
another card so that's not very helpful
- fucking snake oh they'll get to
subnautica soon enough I guess alright
alright I'm officially sick of hearing
about it yeah why what what so me on
subnautica sell me on it why will we
love or hate this game enough to make it
something you need to save what's the
big deal
okay so chat by the way before we get to
subnautica yeah I have one energy left
and I could use burning packed a defense
or a stroganoff right I don't want to
draw any more cards because I there's
good cards in here that I don't want to
waste on this turn I'm not using
Banerjee defending won't really do
anything because he's not attacking uh
and so that's why I'm leaving one energy
here okay just a heads up just people
were asking before I did use my artifact
potion because he's about to confuse me
but haha I am NOT confused snake oh fuck
off I think they think I will like
subnautica because I have an aquarium
like the fish yeah no I mean I don't get
a game though I have I have my fish my
fish I have my fish
let's multiply multiply how much you
like fish buy minecraft give Guppies no
all of our multiplication hey wait what
okapis reproduce like crazy I was told
when I got the Guppies that they they
eat their own young and most of them
won't survive we had somebody fucking
copies so many fucking Guppies another
wild strike so when I found out their
their their nickname that people call
Guppies million fish because they keep
they keep reproducing like crazy so rich
they only so male Guppies in the store
I'm not the fish store I went to they
got a fancy fish store up here somewhere
and I wanted the fancy fish store right
like oh there's females they got a neat
yellowtail I went with another strike
because it'll make my strike card and
they're powerful
mm-hm oh shit the book do I want the
book I can deal with the book we have
them separated now yes
well yeah they still spat out some after
they were separated there's some sperm
left in there I guess
I guess that's fine I got a different
book last time I think with this one you
get one of three random books okay at
the start of each combat add a random
power card to your hand it cost zero
until the end of the turn yeah you might
do some good
oh wait wait wait what did you what did
you present no I didn't pass on it
that's the that's the relic I got at the
start of each combat add a random power
card to your hand it costs zero until
the end of turn oh that's different than
the book I got yeah you get one of three
random books
oh okay do the book thing and I thought
I could do the book thing I'm like I
don't really regret it the the other one
yeah would like double up your Reaper
like the first card that costs two or
more you use will get used twice yeah
the other book you get a Necronomicon -
that's a that's a good one i i've gotten
some full heals with that like i said i
have completely changed but two non
Reaper as i di know the other day Chad I
know I was like just for health hahaha
yeah I learned better
I learned better
two potions
Smith what do we want to miss we want to
be stronger we want to be stronger
because then when I use my Reaper I get
more health back motherfucker that's
fine that's fine
oh okay that's actually super helpful
because I have wounds in my shit oh
hello to hate damage to all enemies heal
for any I'm blocked oh fuck I'm gonna be
fully healed at all at the start of this
that's fine that's fine that's fine
Debbie's reproduced so prolifically that
females have evolved to eat their own
young to avoid oh population which mine
did mine did not she we we brought so
many Guppies to the fish store I'm sure
I'm sure they became feeder fish but
what what can you do man no absolutely
fucking nothing nothing
but do I want that's what I want to do
and that's what I have to do
flush them down the toilet they'd be a
waste
are they good pets otherwise
oh yeah companies are great fish
peaceful they flutter around
I love the Guppies just don't keep males
and females together they're fairly easy
to tell apart females usually a bit
plainer males have the bigger flashy er
tails
how big is my fish tank actually have
two we got a 15 gallon and a 10 the 15
gallon is is is Karen's I was a
Christmas present and it's all it's all
Glo fished out glofish glow fish okay
this is the thing you don't know about
glow fish
yeah I don't I'm not shocked you don't
know but I'm just my intro to explaining
it right I don't know about goldfish
they've genetically engineered dark
light fish alright so under a dark light
they're fluorescent orange green purple
yeah this is a dark light in there and
she's got some dark light decorations
cool cool and also a beta was very happy
not to be in a small little tub I'll and
the female guppies after we separated
them well yeah yeah
turns got the rest of the Guppies and
some Deion's shrimp
well it's not it's not really a black
line but like blue LED thing it's a
similar effect to a black light but I
don't think it's actually a black light
yes
which your suspect feels tried to eat
their young but in a big big enough tank
the frying can hide until they don't
look like food to the mother um that's
entirely possible that that tank was
planted and sort of a lot of hiding
spaces
yes yes that's what we want yes yes and
it's upgraded automatically
right great it's great it's great
everything's great everything's great
we're doing great I feel great about
what we're doing how we're doing flame
barrier is a gross card jack is a gross
car I'm just reading the thing flame
barrier is you get 12 block and then
anyone who attacks you this turn gets
some attack back on them it's like it's
like the spikes thing okay but only it's
a it only does one turn oh so I'm just a
free power every turn which is nice
what's the juggernaut do again that's
when you get blocked to attack ever it's
every time you you get block of you
attack which is fine
I'm not necessarily worried about it now
no no no I have a second I was thinking
was the opposite one where you do attack
you can block yeah let's take care of
you as much as we can I really should
have used bash first but fuck it
and
that way here about to do some negative
effects so I got the potion like to get
back in the fish ownership if I can do
so ethically and not in a stinky way
that hurts the poor fishies make sure
your tanks cycled before you put fish in
them cycled the nitrogen cycle Jack hmm
you know fish pee in the water and
that's bad for the fish sure sure you
know a lot of it they live in you need a
proper filtration system well it's not
the filtration it doesn't do what you
think okay
filter the filter and a fish tank it
just grows bacteria the bacteria eats
the pee makes something called nitrite
okay there's a different type of
bacteria that you also need to grow that
eats the nitrite and turns it into
something called nitrate which is far
less harmful okay and then you either do
water changes every now and then or well
you should do water changes every now
and then but I believe you have a
planted tank the plants feed off of some
of that too okay interesting yeah don't
ever buy tanks less than 10 gallons it's
humane even for the small fishers
I could see that
so what you need to do before before you
don't don't just buy a fish tank put
water in it dad put the filter in and
that we get fish you don't do that okay
you want to establish the bacteria first
and a whole bunch of different advice
she could find online how to do this but
basically you you buy ammonia that's
right kind of ammonia I don't think you
wanna get something that's that
chemically treated for this or that this
is certain type of low you get and you
put so much ammonia relative to how many
gallons your tank is every day and then
you monitor the ammonia to see if the
ammonia is going because the ammonia is
gonna start going down and then the
nitrites are gonna start going up so
yeah it's a test for both of these
things sounds great and once you get to
the point where even though you're
adding in the ammonia you test the water
and the ammonia comes out to zero with
the nitrite zero mm-hmm then you're
ready to put fish in the tank I can't I
can't do justice to explaining how you
do this right now
no it sounds great read up on it it's
the whole thing sounds great
establishing a cycle is a whole thing
and you'll find people with different
opinions on how to do it
I've heard some people just throw a raw
shrimp into the filter I do fish tank
they wait a month
Ahmed's rots and the bacteria grows that
way but I understand it smells horrible
well it could only imagine I can only
imagine you had a goldfish once yeah you
don't want to keep a goldfish with other
fish go other tropical fish goldfish
make a lot of waste
goldfish are pee machines PE Sheen's
goldfish will eat up your bio load
that's how many fish you can safely put
in the tank basically you can have one
goldfish or like ten of other things
yeah if I ever been to the Shedd
Aquarium in Chicago yeah it's nice yeah
shit square is really nice it's a great
aquarium which do you have snails
yes actually have pests snails they got
they got smuggled in on the plants which
I understand is quite common with a
planted tank mm-hmm goodbye a plant
that's got snail eggs on it somewhere
mm-hmm so I got I have more snails than
I'd like
so I've got a different type of snail
called an assassin snail and they eat
other snails nice there's this whole
little ecosystem going on in my fish
tank that's what we want limit break and
we want flex all right we got we got and
I know wild strike is here but I already
have wild strikes and we need to limit
break and we need that I could buy wild
strike two
if we're going crazy with it
do we want to go crazy with it rich
which another wild strike which will add
another at yeah sure
damage bonus to my your deck is your
deck is really I'm not saying this is a
bad thing I'm just pointing out that is
really huge it's a really huge jack like
I said I won with 28 cards ya know I'm
like I could also you know like I have
enough money I could get rid of
something that I don't use often because
part of my deck is cycling through stuff
like I'll tell you what I kind of want
to get rid of is juggernaut I never use
it I hate it yeah and it's just it's
wasting space I I experimented with that
last time yeah I didn't like it I think
I ended up getting rid of it I might get
rid of so I might get rid of it because
I'm here I'm gonna do it actually we're
gonna do it I got rid of it I hate it I
never use it wastes fucking space now
you've got to win with a huge deck knob
just to prove everyone wrong
you have to you're obligated now to win
with the huge deck what do you have
that's giving you somebody cards and
your first time
the bank of preparation there's only two
extra Li you've got like fucking ten
cards there eight you have eight cards
oh well I get two extra from Bank of
preparation and one extra from the book
that gives you the power that cause zero
all right okay here we go that won't
kill you that won't kill you but I can
take you I want to do that where do I
want to concentrate on what sort it's
over there
thirty-three
plus 17 plus 12 I think my tips aren't
loading rent War II that's 1562 damage
or I could do 62 damage to her rich I
what's going on
kill the thing or kill her do a lot of
damage to her
yeah or actually I could do both I have
a poet I have a potion here I can do 20
damage so if I just hit him once this is
flying bonus have his flying defences at
reduced damage from the e the potion I
believe that's only attack damage as it
says here okay reduces attack damage so
I could hit her for 33 Oh
hit her for 17 hit hey oh no no no I
couldn't do well how does it work having
how does 17 work does that have assume
the worst
I don't know I don't know if it airs on
your side or the the weak side I'm not
sure but assume the worst
dammit well then then it would only do 8
damage to him and my potion wouldn't
work but then I could just hit him once
next turn the same rounds down it rounds
down yeah so then I'm only doing fire
does not reduce potion damage so okay
you have anything else it'll cheat it
for him or okay so 33 plus 17 is 50 plus
12 is 62 plus 20 is 72 well you know I
can get hurt reasonable amount down
oh wait no and I have combusts so it can
work okay okay
so her
you ain't do eat him then her then throw
the potion at him and now he's gonna die
and I'm still gonna get hit for 10 but
that's fine you can deal with that great
all right fish tank talk is more boring
than camera time I'm sorry
damn maybe we should talk about how solo
will will would no I won't be doing
right now cuz you can hear about the
fish tank and suffer that's very fair
yeah which is interested in the fish
tank right now
let's talk about using your camera to
film your fish tank it's really hard to
keep them in focus they move around a
lot yeah Oh motherfucker and the small
Oh with that what at home I forgot
that's the the one downside to it
something like this that gives you a
random card yeah is you always forget
you have it as I've been doing okay it's
okay it's fine I'm doing fine
everything's fine Jack keeps forgetting
to play bash first that's easy to do
mm-hmm I have a magnet thingy to clean
the glass yes I do
so you clean the algae off the side of
the tank Jack you got a brush it's just
two magnets and the one stays in the
outside it slides it around on the
inside because it's a magnet sure that
way you don't have to get your hands
always yeah invented by Don Wilson
enterprises as a magnetron magnetrons
yeah I like it I like it
a fishtank brush it's also a magnet
we're going to put magnets of their fish
tank they absolutely are done they
absolutely are
she could have used jacks this time
oh you I what do we got here
oh sure sure
Don Wilson versus mr. Plunkett who would
win and they both fall over and break
their hips
I don't think it's fair if mr. plank
gets to use his wheelchair oh wait wait
wait no I can't try anymore oh fuck oh I
know yeah I got them what he called the
one that lets you draw three cards but
then you can't draw any more cards oh
yeah
which gave me the other end of my draw
more cards and game more stuff I could
still gain more I could still gain you
you you could just so you could use a
shitload of attack plus you got that
flex but I want but really all that does
is give me the two that it well it gives
me one extra one from spending this then
I get one extra back it's in that game
no no I get one more actually net game a
net via net game you're right right I
was not listening it's fine I was not
listening to what you were saying I've
been there done that drink and it's only
fair then we are going to oh yeah I have
flex I can put flex back in alright
great that's great that's flex back you
can't draw any more cards
those are 12 damage just nine so I
probably want to do this and then just
block a little bit extra
go not bad not bad
goddamnit there we go flexing Reaper get
a little bit of that back
probably should have bashed him first
this son of a bitch actually no I
shouldn't have asked him first for that
one because Reaper only gives you health
back for unblock damage okay and he put
a block on him we work tactically
thinking about that's exactly what I was
doing tactically I was tactically
thinking about that there we go
can you make a big bong out of a fish
tank man look potheads I have learned
can make bongs out of anything you don't
don't have fish in your fish tank if
you're gonna use it as a bong because I
don't know if you've ever seen bong
water after you used it but it's gross
as fuck but yes some mellow fish I think
the the best bong made out of something
else that I've ever seen is the a toilet
bong I went to a party once and people
purchased a cheap toilet a new toilet
you use toilet and used the the tank as
the weed holder and you know the bowl or
no sorry the the bowl as the bowl and
the tank is the weed holder and then a
blow torch to light the pot equivalent
of like you know hackers putting doom on
an ATM machine yes like what as they can
what can you make a bong out
that's the question he rich this is
world 2 right I probably need to heal
them absolutely what can you make a bong
out of
ATM machine yes somebody hacked an ATM
machine to play doom they have hacked a
sonogram machine like what they use did
the unpregnant woman to see the baby
they were playing doom on that I'm like
the the similar one of the MacBooks got
like a little screen across the keyboard
that displays information somebody was
playing doom on the keyboard for a
MacBook I've seen somebody hack doom and
do a printer because the printer had a
little screen on the side you could play
doom on the printer they've hacked doom
into a refrigerator that might be the
best one that's a good one
goddamn minions it's it's a thing you
can look it up it's like a competition
to find the most absurd thing you can
run doom on
chemically Dumon anything doesn't it
stop being impressive
no because it's impressive that you can
play Doom and anything right now I'm
saving it so I have this potion that
gives me two energy which means I could
use Reaper and deal 11 damage to all
enemies and heal for unblocked damage
but that will actually heal me for 33
and so on that's I'm only missing 13
health and so I feel like that's
wasteful mm-hmm and I want to wait for
that to come back around even though I
know that's a gamble
okay Reaper yeah if you're gaining if
you're gaining strength
that's know not can you string help
anyway I think well I could I have a
potion you don't need it yet no that's
what I'm saying that's all what I'm
saying cuz I know someone's about to say
that you have a potion you can use your
Reaper and just don't worry about them
you do you you don't worry about them
bastards took my shit
and they stole your Reaper oh no I have
another one I have another one
well no cuz then they have another one
but sure you could kill that guy I'm
good
reaper back in your hand anytime you
really need it but then you'd be killing
them but you need not go you're all
right exactly there's countless pluses
and cons to that yeah but you do have
that other one which is yes and I'm
actually going to bring it back into my
hand
or put it into my drop and your drop
alright five damage to all enemies up
front like them how desperate are you
right now
not very I could also bring flecks into
the bay into the battle back into the
battle may be sent now dude did you do
or or just battle trance and just deal
more cards and cycle through them which
is always nice well maybe I want flame
barrier back in the mix for next round
because they're gonna hit me for an
indexer and I'm sure if you play this
game you know what's going on you don't
play this game and you're just
scratching your head right now
right and that's fair that's fair
what else can we say besides it's
fucking worth it
fine
define jag or kill the minion or make
him vulnerable for next no cuz he's got
to think so I'm just gonna kill the
minion and get my card back even though
it won't really help what car does he
have car does he up he has burning packs
which won't help me at all so then it'd
be smarter to hit this guy because the
other the other Reapers and okay coming
up okay okay let's go let's do this
Reaper time the Zelda a system seller
yes yes representing
under percentage
nice
parrot draw two cards okay oh fuck yeah
boom there you go oh and I get the other
Reaper back I could use it again but it
won't matter that would be extremely
stupid oh oh I killed the guy I killed
the other guy never mind never mind I'm
fine everything's fine everything's fine
we're doing great everybody we're doing
fucking great
you see Beltran see what you hit yes I
could just strike that's crappy cards
you don't have to deal with next turn
that's true that's true that's why I'm
striking get some wounds once
give it get rid of a wound all right
just get rid of a ward
all right don't wanna hit him you can't
do anything right now well I have this
Oh gives me two energies which means I
could hit him for 24 more but I want to
save that for like twin you kept saying
good Rome
good round job I'm having I'm feeling
good that Reaper man that fucking Reaper
as long as you have as long as you have
the strength booze I am so sorry I
steered you wrong last time I am so
apologetic towards my dismissiveness
towards reboot mm-hmm as you should be
as you should be you know you know
you're probably gonna need it next turn
he's gonna hit you for 51 right I think
I where's my other Reaper use it fades
the exhaustion oh shit then you're right
okay so then we want
everybody
/
and we'll just try to defend as much as
we can here because that's what's
happening and 13 is greater than 12
great-great-great-great-great and I'm
for doing great we're doing great
great okay so obviously Reaper a little
bit back
this guy and this guy he's not gonna
know so doesn't matter
denne denne denne denne denne
don't forget your bash if you're gonna
use your bash I'm just reminding you you
have it flame area 16:06 teen block and
then Hill and then I'll do six damage
I'll do nine damage to him twice so
that'll be nice actually
okay so actually I'm probably not gonna
use flame barrier or not use bash we are
gonna flex let's see what Palmer strike
gets us cuz I can use that
or bashes 16 plus 24 is 40 but add 12 is
50 oh no but he won't become vulnerable
because he has a gear never mind never
mind never mind but you know we are
gonna do you're doing a jack doing it
you're doing it Jack doing it
that was only world to man that was only
world - I know it gets intense Edo kendo
says oh there any shows you watch but
you only care about one character for me
11 in stranger things and Bernard and
Westworld
are the only characters from those shows
that I tuned in for well I probably
wouldn't have why I didn't hate the
other characters on the show I like the
other characters in the show but I would
not watch house if house weren't in
house but ready for the big one yeah
Woodhouse be house without all the other
people he plays off you have to go you
know you have to go to something like a
time tracks where just one guy and a
different adventure in a different
location every episode time tracks
renegade old old shows but an action
hero who goes around a night writer
no no then again cuz the car first of
all kids great I was you know I was
about to say quantum leap but fucking I
was great too so that goes out there
lotta bleep sucks well right now I don't
know I mean samples are great I and I
disagree with you about stranger things
and yeah stranger things is a great cast
and Westworld where it's like I like the
whole cast but they only like 11 and
that's fine that's their opinion
absolutely we're entitled to it all
right I'm gonna can't tell them though
you have to like oh the characters no I
like Metal Gear Solid that means you
have like Metal Gear Solid the story
rich they don't they don't like hopper
and and and and what's the fucking name
fucking Winona Ryder that's fine it's
fine
elf that's not a bad answer to that
question but the question is do you even
like elf elf mm-hmm
hopper is the best character I'm gonna
say 11 is the best character
I'm stranger things 11 steals the show
hoppers great hoppers great okay how do
we want to you know like so character
right like 11 is the best gimmick of the
show gimmick and you people really
didn't like episode 7 I loved it you
know I'm you know what I loved it
because it was so silly I 11 doesn't
necessarily at least in season 1
yeah she doesn't necessary doesn't
necessarily have that character growth
that hopper does kind of season so how
does hopper grow
they're both great everyone's great okay
Ranger thinks is great I don't even know
like I don't even know why I'm trying to
pull an argument out here
he gets over his daughter stuff alright
alright I'll buy that I'll buy that buy
that for a dollar yeah alright here we
go
hopper didn't punch anyone this season
so that's some growth arguably it's it's
for the worse
quite frankly I like it when hopper
punches people no it's nice
come on Steve Harrington is that us
Steve had a great season season two who
actually made me like Steve fucking hell
man
season two steve is the best I mean even
season 1 Steve like is pretty good he's
fun he's he's a fun character and like
even all the kids they got their things
everybody's got two things steven season
one i know it was great that you know
they didn't they subvert up your
expectations and he wasn't the full-out
villain yeah
then he was redeemable I was fine but I
didn't actually like Steve until season
two sure
oh no I'm doing damn it oh wait no I
have someone saying the Limit Break I so
here's the question so I used flex yeah
which obviously gives me plus to attack
so I could Limit Break get four then go
back down to you know just having +2
attack but I also have the thing that
raises my attack by 3 which means if I
you wouldn't wouldn't it be great if you
can use Oh as your your Limit Break not
upgraded oh right I need to get to a
fire and upgrade my Limit Break but I
have such a big deck it'll never come
around it'll never come around again so
you're right I was just you know that's
final fantasy something's name the same
name that means they're identical
I guess Final Fantasy has a limit break
they do it
I know that I know that thing I know
that thing you talked about tell us more
about your huge deck look it's working
for him or win it man the strategies
might be different different than yours
he's not dead I ain't dead mother
trucker I'm actually this is like I'm
experimenting with a big deck here like
I normally never go big dad I never go
big deck you don't it'd be fun a lot of
metallized and dual wield just keep just
keep multiplying those mentalize you
could free shield every turn that'll be
a fun deck I've had I've had really foul
your bitch and Jack beat that he's got
79 of 80 health his big duck is working
for him down motherfucker
I did like I
I had a a real shield heavy deck I had a
great shield heavy deck where I had
barrier I had the big shield card and
then I had a couple upgraded bodyslams
which you know is our zero cost but to
attack based on your shield I was
fucking rocking it until I didn't you
weren't thank you
if the enemy is Velma Rogaine one energy
and draw one card and I have it that'll
work with Bosch you don't have that many
strengths college I know no I don't have
that many strength coat so this yeah
it's good it's one of my favorite cards
in the game but you don't have the
strength backing it up no at at max if I
if I get flex strength Limit Break I can
get to ten straight now that's not worth
it is not worth it loses too sure ask
well who you got is the boss for this
floor oh I don't know I didn't even
check on the map screen yeah The
Forgotten way to set the the awoken
water I think yeah yeah
ah oh wait right Cardon he has that
feather probably 30 cards by the time he
hits a campfire that's three HP for five
cards 18 HP without resting exactly
which is why I chose the feather I have
a big deck so even just going into a
fire yeah I heal which means I can
upgrade every other card when I'm in the
fire
yeah yeah which is why I like I'm really
thinking about what card I want here
because I don't think I want any of
these cars and disarms not the worst it
exhausts right and but I mean you know
makes them weaker permanently yeah but I
mean it's only two fucking who cares all
right fuck it man what do you got for me
shopkeep purity purity shoes an
exhaustive two three cards in your hand
it could be nice what are you next to
curses you obtained our nodes that means
I could go for every question mark and
just you know rank you know kind of like
that and five-block upgrade a card in
your hand well everything else is gonna
be upgraded already any card any attack
card I gained is automatically upgraded
because of this molten egg I have
evolved there's nothing to be sneezed at
though with you
the downside of your big deck which is
working for you is that it's not likely
to come up early right yeah I thought I
had wounds already oh yeah well oh but
but I start the combat with two wounds
in my draw pile like if so if I get
evolved yeah would help we've really
burned through saying it needs to be
evil it needs to be upgraded before it's
great though yeah if you wanted to draw
two cards for wound yeah but I but I can
upgrade it I know I'm just where we're
we're listing out your options then you
choose then you choose
this might be the safe bet which means I
can hit up a question mark and not worry
about being cursed okay and then that
means I don't have to deal with so many
combats here's the thing yeah look your
big deck
how often of your cursed card is gonna
come up even if you do get cursed all
right
I don't I personally think that's a
waste of money all right well then we're
gonna go evolve because there's a fire
coming up okay do I want to remove a
card your call I never use my defenses I
think you read them just get rid of them
fuck everyone absolutely no we're gonna
slim down a little bit here
well you just gained two cards feed you
just maintain your weight really I just
maintain you kind of you know what
you're bulimic you ate a whole bunch and
then you just threw up right fucking
right okay
one HP draw card yes
don't want to want that backseat gaming
jac was that was that was that backseat
gaming no you were helping me strategy
okay okay I asked I asked for your help
rich is helping
and it gets a feed uh-oh I think I can
yes and feed pays off just game max for
HP I was really hoping that would this
mean we know about into the breach yes
actually I don't know anything about the
game I'll be honest with you besides
that it's made by it's good rich strike
that'll I'll do some good
let's battle
like put your shield up first
that one enemy the one on the right you
get hit just for attacking them nice
you're gonna give me the most shield
rugged off even though I can't draw any
more cards and if we do 35 damage to the
exploder then Reaper each of you Oh
not enough energy that's fine that's
fine I can always do this great that's
the right call great great great which
is Jack's guy in the chair yeah yeah
he's my donkey man turned up dead
listen generator on the third floor if
you can knock that out take the power
grid down there's a nine God's I'm super
three wood hallway one right
I could be wrong about the doom
refrigerator but I remember hearing
about it
oh yeah no doom is on everything
everything yes doom is on fucking
everything
yes yes all the cards give me all the
cards up to the metal gear survived
computer voice use your card to do
damages upon the enemy you do it no that
sounds great
we're going to draw this dialogue out
to doom fans and code monkeys seem like
a lot of overlap well doom
yeah always always embraced hackers and
modding me hmm
John John Carmack was the you can't own
code man source codes free we're letting
it go man
man another flex another flex that could
help you going big man we're going
fucking big it was might die it's gonna
be great it's gonna be fucking great
I'll get a free evolve so I'll take it
presumably you get three cards if you
use the other one you have I don't know
that it's worth it wait we can we can be
smart we can use bash first then Reaper
yeah yeah yeah
I hate this guy yeah he sucks
but that's fine we're gonna we're gonna
everything's gonna be fine
right
that's great we're gonna be everything's
gonna be fine I understand I understand
jack is looking pretty sleepy I'm not
sure if he'll make it I'm crazy awake
right now
I'm feeling great I'm feeling really
strong like with this big a deck though
it is a giant gamble of whether or not
we're gonna make it all away I know
yes
yes great just setting up sign up some
peace I understand
setting up some pieces now he's gonna
start doing real damage and that sucks
button
and why not that little bit of block
needs a fiend fire fiend fire would go
great with jak-stat yes mm-hmm mm-hmm
agreed Jack lost half his cards oh well
right everybody pray for fiend fire
thoughts and prayers lots of prayers the
prayers y'all that'll do the trick
it's work zero times now not some
prayers y'all now we're doing great
we're doing great
oh fuck
that's okay that's okay that's okay
yes well yeah I know I'm just yeah I'm
just looking man I get it yeah no we got
a defense all the way up that's great
and then seven seven yeah fucking love
it
okay we'll get hit before I'll take four
goodbye everybody
that's all that's all that's all look at
sudden wasn't I in touch for more
dexterity it's just all your health is
all literally all of my own okay okay
there we go
just every single last drop of my help
it's fine by gosh dang it
do you know the Reaper in your deck no I
only have two and I used them already
okay what I got it eighteen sixteen
fifteen and we'll be close use the draw
one first you might get something
amazing oh but I can place one in my
discard pile first and then draw one oh
no you see yeah you're smart jackass
yes you're big smarty smart smart all of
a sudden when you got a dis damage
because look what he's at 24 yeah yeah
so I can yeah I can gain max health okay
cuz this will do it no wait wait is that
too much
yeah it's 24 is this too much that's 22
oh wait we all fuck what's wrong
my god is wrong so no it's fine
everything's fine
oh wait no no this is fine that's fine
yeah this is what this is what I want to
do sorry I I get it no oh great I I did
it wrong in my head and everything's
fine and everything's fine
oh my god another perfected strike yes
yes all I have to do if I can make it
through this guy everything's fucked
fucked okay
please drink Thanks Oh everything is so
fucked
you got your flex got my flex dude
definitely gonna do this okay
before I doing a damage well hey let's
draw a card to see what I get almost
right
through one of the fence we want to
defend wait wait wait wait wait wait
do you have enough damage to kill one of
those guys is gonna do 9 no you don't
know 24 okay okay I want to defend and
then I want a rampage I think he puts
shit cards in my hand
don't will he do it
I don't can he do it I don't know I
don't know if I'm built for multiple
enemies I don't know if what I'm owed oh
actually no multiple enemies are great
multiple enemies are great if I can yeah
you got to land it
you got to land it first wait wait wait
cards do you okay that's what I needed
that's what I needed Reaper Reaper man
fucking Reaper
fucking Reaper man but now I can't use
my little put up well no you're you
you're Reapers what you do
yeah Reapers definitely shield first cuz
they're gonna remember oh remember
everybody okay first thank you
we're doing great guys definitely don't
need to use it no no no that's fine
we'll do this and then there's a to
strike so well you can kill the one in
the end nice and then another 11 damage
who do we hate probably I think
no because you keep adding the one well
your digital like he keeps adding
explosive damage so like I know I'm
gonna do he's gonna do five no matter
what he does gonna do more and more so I
wanted to explode er okay I mean no I
wouldn't kill any of them no matter what
but
okay okay okay okay
doing great doing great five-block
remember to use bash first remember to
use bash first no matter what flexing
then we will bash
headbutt I'll kill him cut us a block
first put up some block first and then
head button he's gonna it's gonna hurt
yeah it's gonna hurt yeah it is but then
I get to it's something oh then I could
Reaper again there's only two of them
but it's a little bit of help and it
hurts both of them that's a good thing
is like with multiple enemies there's
there's not more more so we can get some
actual shit back how about some block
how about some block nope no yeah for
days days for days I guess we got a
limit break and let's think about this
he's gonna do seven damage the reapers
doing 15 oh I can get full health again
yeah can you take one of them with you
or I can do 17 - both you don't want to
kill them if you're gonna use the Reaper
on them right
I can kill one of them
you can ended the strong I could well
maybe not
I can do 27 and 46 yes I can okay oh
wait no no no I can I'm sorry 17 to both
no I can only kill one of them in this
turn or oh wait uh no no no yeah I can
only kill one on this turn so I'm just
gonna get health back and then I'll deal
I'll do nine damage plus seven is is 16
but I'm getting thirty help he can't use
the cleave after Reaper because we have
to intervene Lee has to energy to play
with right and I'm not going to back
backseat game here this is all you
weeping I'm reaping I'm still at a game
for help because I was at 63 now I'm at
70s okay so I'm still at a game for
health and feed your ass max health fuck
yeah okay great and strike so we can
kill both of them it's gonna hurt
defend first defends first feed which
one doesn't matter the explodes gonna
give more explodey damage next turn and
no I can come this explodey damage is
that oh so just okay yeah and nice okay
great oh fuck you it's 40 damage I know
I know I know
I don't like any of those
okay but now entering a fire shed
exploded did work on the last kill yes
and her fire I'm already up to health so
I can just worry about smithing what are
we sitting
oh there's smithing Limit Break of
course of course we're smithing Limit
Break that's the only thing that's MIT
let's go we're doing great
not gonna face an elite fuck yeah not
ready for you man Oh remove a card from
my deck
get rid of one of these piddly shields
again don't care about you actually get
rid no don't get rid of strikes strikes
make my strike cards more powerful oh
I'm sorry I'm sorry I must let you
astray huh bro does the spicy
meat-a-ball all right great
now we're doing great and then we go in
here and we heal again and we're almost
at full health at 92 shit fuck yet Limit
Break is amazing I don't I don't think
Jack has quite the deck to take full
advantage of it though but now it's
it'll do something you know it's not
nothing it's not nothing it's not
nothing it's you're gonna be doubling
lower numbers than if you had like a
couple of spot weaknesses in your deck
oh yeah yeah absolutely then then the
Limit Break becomes godlike absolutely
fuck yes this I wish I would have gotten
this earlier but this will still help
instead of adding a car Dudek add to max
okay okay that's great
it's not gonna do me a terrible amount
of good now but a little bit full he'll
do me a little bit of good okay great
great great what we want here what do we
want here what do we want here exhaust
one card draw three cards lose three
strengths that's pretty nice don't shake
leave uh tend to all four multiple
enemies that's not bad right the end
boss you know he's gonna have those two
goons with him yeah yeah what do you do
for strength shake it off somebody's
singing in the chat 11:00 block draw one
card
yeah let's go boy card that's a good
block card
well Andy cycling through it like that's
what I'm worried about it just cycling
through so that'll help me a little bit
of it I mean it's not bad eight block
that's that's not much well be exhausted
and you know they sometimes come up
together or just you know a decent or
block to have you know I'm gonna hit up
a couple more fires so I like I have
room for multiple Jack I so want you to
do this on stream and just shove the
slim deck wisdom just defeated even
though that was my own wisdom the face
of the world right I think this is the
way to go even though that was your own
wisdom so you it'd be just like Planet
of the Apes you you bastards you know
the real irony a Planet of the Apes
you mean the twist at the end no not to
twist the end Charlton Heston's
character yeah you know why he goes into
space for the deep space mission he
hates humanity he doesn't like people
are you and the irony is he ends up
being the guy that's defending people in
that movie
that's the real irony a Planet of the
Apes the guy that humates hates humanity
wants to get away from humanity ends up
being it's the sole defender you know I
guess it's been a lot long enough since
I've seen it where I didn't even think
of it you weren't you were the guy you
hate the big deck you're too slim that
guy and here you are Jack ironically
defending the big deck is true oh hello
free demon form rich oh yeah I mean of
course
does that mean rich will have to defend
humanity in the near future yes if
poetic justice were going to befall me
that would be exactly what happens
just block yeah you just you need to
survive and eventually that demon forms
gonna make all your your cards just
insane yeah exactly
I'm with him
fuck yes so I got I got some madness
cars yeah yeah now rampage costs zero
for the rest of the game and rampage is
the one that adds eight attack to it
every single - uh fuck even though this
is horrible because they're about to
really fuck my shit up
well but I have Reaper so it's okay you
want to hear the crazy the crazy strats
okay give me the crazy you kill them all
with Reaper at the very end if you can
just hold off death right you'll get a
full heal right but uh that way lies
madness mm-hmm sure does man sure
fucking does but there's just nothing
there's nothing I can do to block this
turn anyway you know and I'm not gonna
use Reaper cuz it won't give me the full
benefits right I know I know I have
another Reaper so like ya know it'll
come in handy later I agree he can use
headbutt to bring the creeper back
around that's the point yeah
and here's head button and yeah you have
two of them and here's battle trance
well you don't want the well okay maybe
you do I know
the idea is head but then battle trance
then Reaper okay
if I get two Reapers now I was listen I
was worried about honestly I was
thinking that like I said I don't want a
backseat game no that's fine you're
doing you're doing great you're doing
great
look at that look at that rich okay full
fucking house well good hit the one in
the middle uh yeah just trying to think
if I want to draw a card or wild strike
and get another wound probably draw a
card yeah great that was very cool great
everything's great
put a pick the upgraded way poor he
didn't need it oh did it was it did I
have both Reaper well I wouldn't matter
you didn't need it anyway
look unless something goes horribly
wrong you I just need another attack no
way I can do this with you right you
certainly get one of the two no I can
get both okay I give up you throw it
really really fourteen you need to do 14
17 and 47 I'm fine you got and at full
health you're good great throw first
slay the spire wisdom on its head jack
with this garbage deck that you've
compiled by just throwing every card you
can find into your hand you need to beat
the game okay
two HP reflects I know to 8 feet to 8
feet to HP because the more I heal the
better the better the better alright
alright I'll take the two HP that could
be the oh okay that's fine everything's
fine everything's fine then this break
right away you're not helping Oh
juggernaut zero that's a good price for
juggernaut absolutely I'll take it okay
oh I got flex but flex with Limit Break
oh no I limit break doesn't wear down
anymore yes yes yes yes yes three more
cards let's go let's go let's go you
don't give me anything good oh hello
except for you perfect
flame barrier wood that would protect me
you have a protect you or I could start
doing damage now we got free pummel
story I got a free pommel strike right
so I can do 14 and I you know I want to
use this one because the more you use it
the better it is
did you use the one card that that
prevent you from drawing more I did okay
I did that's how I got pommel strength
there's still no good reason not to use
the pommel strength oh right right it's
a yeah you seem to be the one to use it
on because you're about to be some
negative shit can I kill him no but I
can wreck his day oh wait no I can't
kill him I'm gonna kill you okay okay so
then he can't do whatever negative
effect he was about to do to me I'll get
hit for seven yeah yeah that's the way
to do it that's the way to do it
oh my God look at this fucker with his
fucking shield that's alright you might
be able to kill the other one this term
ya might be able to well oh no I didn't
I mean thirty-eight yeah maybe well use
the flex first ya know but some let's
see what card I draw first okay
I mean what does that card what is all
right use flex and what does perfected
strike do damage wise 40 there's only
two more if you three more with the
right but who knows what I'm gonna get
this again okay I'm thinking long term I
gotta use this now thing long long term
you're better killing one of the two now
that's my thought
but if I do perfected strike four forty
this one plus fifty era
alright press eleven so that'll that'll
do it he's only got yeah it's not a bad
idea and I also have head button so I
can get these back
great great
Bieber's not gonna do me a world of good
because he didn't have enough energy to
use inflame cleave and perfect it he
didn't have enough energy then one of
them directed was too wasn't or miry
yeah perfectly strikers yeah
that's painful this is gonna hurt this
right here I know I know it's gonna hurt
life is that way sometimes life is pain
absolutely
but we're wearing them down oh man did
we win we won see look how oh oh how can
we win with a feed well we can't Oh what
are your you don't have like shield with
us does damage you don't have that act
yeah nope
oh that's too bad well we can still win
that's the important part is we still
win we gotta go you gotta go max HP you
gotta go big yeah fuck yeah I'll remind
Jack about the eggs yeah fuck yeah
remind me about the eggs remind me about
those fucking eggs I'll remind you about
the eggs now so you can forget by the
time you're done fuck yeah but I can
still say I reminded you okay I can get
I can get that for permanent max HP and
kill the Spiker right away
but you could just flat-out oh yeah see
they like perfect atrophied and then I
get for max HP and that killed one of
them before he grows anymore fucking
spike it also killed one of the guys
it's about to do 11 damage to you
straight up with the perfected strike
yeah but I want the feed man want the
feed man all right I want that max HP
okay okay I mean I'm with you I get it
mo came to energy where did I get that
well yeah bring his max HP up but he's
gonna take 22 damage yeah but then I'll
get that back if I get a Reaper alright
max HP the name of the game is max HP no
backseat grocery shopping alright fair
enough fair enough
I'm just trying to think like if I do
eight plus six plus six is twenty
because I have this two extra energy but
that's not gonna even that's not gonna
dances all right great
come on Reaper Reaper one - I don't want
because madness random card cause sirrah
but they could do that to pump out well
I guess it doesn't really want to know
cuz I do I want to do all these I want
to know everything and flame Limit Break
Reaper
yeah but madness could make some things
II know I know it could make Reapers Ely
okay could also pommel strike and I have
these two bones one so I can do it no
matter what okay okay you you won I won
you won I won the game I'm feeling I am
legitimately happy for rather good mmm
I'm feeling that rather good huh that
was great that's great that's exactly
what we wanted I could use it if I
wanted to but it won't it won't do any
damage and won't do me any good it won't
do me any good it's fine this is all
fine I gotta kill this fucker for his
thorns kill me
madness use flex first I don't think it
would turn it to zero because it's
already zero
yep yes yes
oh I could have killed the other one oh
well it doesn't matter doesn't matter oh
no no yep you have your potion I do and
so like I could kill him and and get
your Reaper back
oh now you're talking
the two Reapers you use one I use one oh
okay great great so now I'll get all
that health back and I can kill you
perfect 100% help hundred percent health
rich I end at a hundred percent help
this is unheard of this show this is
Rich's fault they didn't want you to use
the potion they wanted you to save that
potion no but I just won I know it's
always the thing save the potion oh fuck
okay I could get another strike thing
and make my two cuz I have to strike
cards right I have one perfect strike
plus and you have another one too so I
get another strike which would make
those cards even more powerful okay okay
I'm already at a hundred percent health
yeah yeah we're doing it and we're here
at the fire this is great this is
fucking great
this is nuts rich okay this is it my
last call what happens Oh turn a madness
zero that could be good this is the last
thing I could okay I don't even I don't
even know I don't even know you've got a
smorgasbord I think it's this I think
this could be this could be the one you
have to do it now Jack you have to
you've gotten all the way here oh I have
a hundred percent well if I have a
hundred l I feel like I'm gonna pass out
load obsess just got my shipping
confirmation email from the mazing
people so thanks for that
also don't forget to buy your eggs I
think this should hit near the end of
the stream
now I've worked we're caught up so that
was saner right now
then we are near the end of the stream
today Jack taught me it's not about the
size of your deck it's how you use it
and sometimes if you got a big dick that
helps oh man all right let's do this
let's see what we're up against here oh
no not this guy oh I hate him this is
what you got this is what you got you
deal with it unless you have a limit on
the number of cards you the news no I
don't inflame early that's nice
yeah inflame early is nice oh he has the
thing what's his thing
whenever you play power he gains two
strength I should not have played that
oh that was dumb and I have to play this
even though it's gonna make him gain
strength it's fine 42 damage kill one of
these fuckers probably the stronger of
the two even 42 plus 15 yeah yeah yeah
yeah let's do that
let's kill your friends
a Dominion enemy and why not you're not
a minion enemy at all great
the only reason to keep them around is
to make my Reaper more effective but
they're gonna do more damage than my
Reaper can attend repair
if you use that think about using your
disarm first the storms at one time used
to be a waste of that cost zero you're
absolutely right Cleve is now free
that's great
that's it's exactly what you could use
draw two cards make someone vulnerable
that's I'm not gonna backseat gameis I'm
not gonna do it I've already done it a
little bit I've learned out suggestions
I'm not being insistent so this guy has
two forms after I deplete him of 300
health he comes back in a second form
and he sucks this is the one I have not
beat me I can't be Birdman
you got some Reapers in there I know but
I'm down to half health all fucking
ready Limit Break thank you that's what
I needed
that's battle transit oh that's a
perfect time for flame barrier
oh fuck flex yes okay great we're doing
great I'm great
break it
and then just all the defense we can get
our hands on well it kind of damages
pummel start doing the 1919 you know it
would do it would hey I'm gonna do
nineteen plus nine which is you know
that's just it's still too little right
I need to I need to hold out until I can
get a Reaper in my hand
but I just you know I'm gonna come I'm
gonna come out of it with age strength
so that's pretty good pretty handle bad
fuck me so your deck is limit break plus
Reaper with a bunch of other shit thrown
in so you never draw what you want that
wellesley that's the problem
but here's Reaper so this is great you
people are our cruelest fuck man it's
fine it's fine everything's fine
Reaper exhaust so if you built your
whole deck around that that might be a
mistake unless you have the card that
also she can bring it back once like I
don't know I don't know man so we're
gonna Reaper
and some of it back we're gonna headbutt
you and bring back our way weight limit
break right you're right
chat what do you think what should he
bring back what should Jack bring back
think about it don't do this rashly this
is this is the key moment in this battle
right here this is the key moment I had
and remember that I have another
perfected strike waiting which does
amazing insane damage I know I'm seeing
a lot of both I'm seeing a lot of Limit
Breaks
all right I did it I did it I fucking
did it eight block or the draw more
thing the draw more things we draw more
thing I can take 20 - I can take 22 24
oh fuck that's right he does the power
thing fuck oh yes oh yeah yes great
four days all right
and still doing so much fucking damn I
know I know
you got another Reaper in there yeah but
now it's oh well I know with my but you
doubled your strength yeah no it's still
gonna be a good he'll fucking take a
Brogue ah dammit I have to do something
now I have to do something now or I'm
dead
oh I'm so fucking dead it's madness Jack
it's madness
I know okay so we're gonna flex cuz
that's free
huh get off draws a card show get up
draws a card Cleve is free madness makes
something free let's draw a card
okay so 3570 this is a 98 40 damage that
that other defense isn't gonna help lost
I lost
uh well that sucks
I know I know so many wounds those
wounds were drying cards for him yeah
that's how I got all of these cards the
only reason I'm doing any good what any
word of good is because of these runes
Mantle's in madness first what the fuck
right
that's a great run that's a wild ride we
went on
it wouldn't matter - I mean I like I
might have been able to pick up the card
that that gives me a little more block
but it probably wouldn't have done me
much good in the long run because he
does fucking 90 damage I wanted you to
win
I wanted me because you had the big deco
animal it's a good swim so I so wanted
you to win we were doing good I mean I
still think that this game is might be a
little too hard we're getting we're
getting you noticed we're getting to the
final boss now consistently oh and I
have been for a while
I still haven't fucking beat the final
boss except for the once so close
dual-wield plus Reaper plus Limit Break
yeah yeah a dual wield would have been
great in there somewhere
he didn't find dual wield at any point
no during the run no eggs
thank you
London Flynn ski says yeah just free
watch the Emperor's New Groove and I
think it holds up rather well thoughts
never saw it actually sent you a message
a while back about a stream you didn't
upload to YouTube i all of them are
there well they're saying one of the
Colin ones isn't on YouTube and I mean
they're all there you know what it might
be by the way you know what I'm just
thinking about right now some of our
streams get copyright notices yeah and
sometimes a if someone puts a claim on
it
they either monetize it or they can
choose what country it can be seen in
okay and sometimes that mean it can't be
seen in any country so there it might be
a copyright dispute and it's not
viewable in your country if you're in
this country I don't know
don't come there's many there's many
things but the good news tonight the the
victory or sleep stream is still on all
I will say is like I had I had a good
deck and 100
and for health I'm gonna say 104 cards
at the peak there I had a hundred and
four full health and I was taken down in
to turn health isn't everything health
isn't everything it's not everything but
I know that's a lot of help that's a lot
of damage man mm-hmm
I did I the the one thing that really
would have made my deck and really
didn't come up a lot was block cards I
could have used some more defense cards
but hey are you picking many of them
there weren't many that were up there Oh
God
because I mean because I had the strike
thing you got to pick a pick a stratton
go with it I was on the strike path
mm-hmm health fucking helps yeah yeah it
does but that's how I lasted so long was
that Reaper man look one Reapers when
they when they do 40 damage per turn
right I don't know and you can only heal
so many times
all right right health is for the living
block cards show up less often when you
keep picking up more and more attack
ones that true it sounds stupid if
that's true you literally threw one
block Hardaway a thing that did five
block that's nothing oh well you needed
the block cards that added the wounds
yeah that's fine
Andy you're right he would have been
doing less damage if I didn't play those
powers that was my bad I played that one
power that I couldn't even use that was
that was a bad mistake because I wasn't
thinking ahead I'm sorry excellent it's
all right we live to fight another day
it's true
so now is the point of the stream before
everyone leaves by the way one more tip
here to share well before we read that
tip we are not streaming on Wednesday Oh
tweet to remind you both we are not
streaming on Wednesday all right what's
realistic they're just being a dick
great Musker do says so much for big
deck jack just just being a dis rub it
in the loose well I guess that's fair
guess that's fair one more coming in
under the wire
when flows in Siegen says this is the
Isaac stream when you first played this
game on stream in 2014 he played FTL
1,001 spikes you uploaded the J section
but not this part of Isaac and there's a
link leave look at it later are you
talking about a stream we didn't like ya
years ago years ago yeah that's weird I
don't know man Oh we'll have a complete
archive I'll check it out but I yeah I
don't know if we still have it
ok well now is the point of the stream
in which we think all the people who
have subscribed to us during this very
stream much like balking barrel Brown
Adam Sandler for 14 months in a row says
heck frauds unite yes
Gino suave for 14 months in a row who
says Amanda hug and kiss
hey hey I'm looking for a man to hug and
kiss is that your mo that's my mo my
most is lack dark wings monk says I'm
deeply sorry that you have to play this
game for any length of time bridge
refrain Metal Gear survival your survive
yeah any expectations for your White Sox
this year I'm a Yankees fan apologies in
advance for that one of the things
living in Milwaukee I I don't get
updated on much White Sox news up here
so I have no idea they go far to kiss
for 15 months in a row who says I just
thought of having rich Evans starring as
mr. Evans in mr. Evans neighborhood and
teaching life lessons you could change
your shoes that's what he did in the
show we change your shoes it's good man
good man that mr. fine man
hammer camp we should know we should all
be so good a kin death the cloud any
matter tape
man that is moose John Elway's teeth for
14 months in a row kick girl v4 22
fucking months in a row go alright rip
League take a brash said six months in a
row that I actually remembered resub
been here a while you guys keep it up
thank you We will miss toots for 14
months in rows guys it's my birthday in
two days I turned 30
yikes that's fine excited excited to
spend many more of my years with you wax
ya 30s 5 what few of them you have left
30 nothing there's nothing nothing like
really changes it they're like as you
get older you know and you hurt
something and then you go to the doctor
and go hey oh yeah my knee hurts doctor
and then the doctor goes yeah doesn't
even till a few years later know it's
like 33 34 then then you start hurting
yourself and there's no way to fix it
it's a little bit later than that yes a
little bit later than that yeah 30 the
only thing that changes when you become
30 is just you know you're an adult then
you just know it you already ordered
those beforehand but when you turn 30
you know you're an adult that's when
kids are like 30 year old damn kids
all those boomers who wanted to die
before they turn 30 they're still wrong
they didn't have the decency to kill
themselves and they turn 30 yeah oh yeah
woo listen to the whoo but you know I
hope I hope I die before I get all right
boo Logan's Run was a lie don't look up
Logan's Run it's actually a good movie
whole organs run is the greatest movie
yeah yeah the greatest that's no it's
that's hyperbole it's a lot of hyperbole
it's a rot very is still a damn good
movie very good movie obese moody's
hunchback jack 33 fucking months in a
row says ablated Chinese New Year to you
and the chat may the year of the dog be
better than the year of the rooster Oh
mango
Kizer hawk the man state may be young
Batman
Birdman the young Bart man no be man 1 3
3 7 black Dynamite's or dine for mites
dynamite says what kind of whatever
pathos ethos ethos pathos ethos is what
I would guess Josh homie is God wickless
for 40 motherfucking months in a row
Zek Shawn dr. Sony is for thirty four
fucking months and roses make a u-turn
if possible
argon seven one three Wilkins the clown
for 37 motherfucking months in a row
this time it's lupus for 28 fucking
months in a row who says it I'm enjoying
this dream while working on my taxes and
I can't find my 1099 a god damn it and
least you're not doing at least okay at
least it's not here's the bright side
yeah
it's not April 14th and you can't find
it 1099 we need to find a way to deduct
$14,000 let's have more kids now source
will vote Jagan's says cleaning the
apartment and listening to the best hack
frauds on the interwebs keep it up guys
urban crisis who says ten months thanks
for the entertainment keep up the great
work
captain president I like that they call
me captain president I I didn't raise
the ranks in the military to become an a
fighter pilot and the President of the
United States it sounds something like
Kelvin and Kelvin Hobbes would have
imagined himself as being this captain
presidents actually if a president
because it's like usually mr. president
but if the President of the United
States
was a former like Air Force pilot would
they be captain presence I think they
would still be mr. president dr.
president would anyone be a doctor
prisoners probably there's probably been
somebody who's been a doctor that's also
been a president right probably happened
and I'm assuming they just called them
mr. president still probably yeah I mean
you're probably right but you know just
trying to because one day I might meet a
president who's also a doctor or captain
and I just want to know the proper
etiquette whereas as uh be thanked of
the exes 12 months in a row this is one
whole year you're at seven I'll be
through me off rights this one whole
year to shame the anniversaries at the
same time that the medical care
franchise dies a brutal terrible death
but at least I can survive it with you
guys ah house actual gonzo the great
says fully gestating Oh cuz Oh in the
thunder guns when one says use this
money to buy rich all the Metal Gear
games just kidding
creo 42 for 38 motherfucking months in a
row
well hisin beard for 41 motherfucking
months in a row Denso washington for 17
months in a row
phalion blood shot says I demand more
Jay Bowman on the stream to play Deadly
Premonition two things that are
definitely happening Hellcat striker you
know nothing of the crunch it's true saw
only soft foods here double d RB Erebus
and aether 421 fucking months in a row a
horrible glory for 39 motherfucking
months in a row
who says what if it's a running gag in
Star Trek discovery that the ship never
gets a new captain they just keep
getting sidetracked by distress signals
it's gonna be Michael snort Oh after the
current captain they're on their way to
get doesn't work out after Spock gets
look looks like a fool because they make
Spock the captain and he does something
stupid and Michael Burnham has to
correct him yeah and then they're gonna
give her the captain's seat no that's
what's gonna happen no that's not gonna
happen because this is their one excuse
to get a new cast member in and by the
way let me tell you spoiler alert for
Star Trek discovery happening now how
pissed are you that alien man doesn't
get to be captain yeah he deserves it he
he handled himself fucking perfectly
under pressure
he knows everyone on that ship he knows
that how that ship runs he fucking went
to another universe and saved everybody
and everybody to grace him the only
character on that on that show yeah that
feels like a proper Starfleet officer
yes yeah and and they're gonna be like
oh you don't get to be captain because
you're a fucking fish man
racist Star Trek I know sorry for
Captain
Saru for captain yeah I always as soon
as they're like we have to go get our
new captain that both Lisa and I were
just like sorry's right there just like
shucks
fucking hell man fucking help
proxy clams school crab for thirty four
fucking months in a roses well well well
if mr. Horlick hasn't lost his razor
ironically the face fuzz makes you look
sharp
Jack's decades I might like my side
hairs a little long I got a I got a big
oh yeah they just shock jock yeah I have
a like the big question is on Wednesday
when we film a thing can I hold out do I
keep it you yeah thank you do you man
doing me but I don't I don't know I
don't know if it'll if I'll keep it
we'll see where are we are to kiss Rex
for 17 months Andros
something-something hack frauds keep up
the great streams yeah
weasel robble gobble warm under punches
80 he's come up with these or Mundell
punches cat fool ooh Brio 23 brown a0
van door person for 13 months in row
says Jessica just got up at 5:00 a.m.
because I need to go on a business trip
but at least I get to watch my favorite
hack frogs while pecking good start into
the week where are you that it's 5 a.m.
don't know fucking Europe or some shit
space aliens super cocaine for twenty
two fucking months in a row says brung
my bore PO spunked indeed we don't rope
for 43 motherfucking months in a row so
thanks for the advice I'm starting a
fish tank rich Jack don't forget to buy
eggs my eggs thanks for the stream I'm
go I'm going right for eggs you guys
don't do don't you fucking worry rhythm
gardener Jack don't forget to buy your
eggs I love you guys thank you I would I
would totally forget yeah I know that's
why I like everyone reminds me you guys
are great guys great thanks you monster
for 35 fucking month siderosis Jack that
was an incredible playthrough I'll be
there rooting for you next time
ah yeah I got just as far as he did you
didn't have the emotional roller coaster
that's true that's true
we were we were you know there were ops
there were downs there was a question of
whether or not we would even make it
past the second but you would say oh
yeah I'm doing fine like you had you had
a good run
we weren't emotionally invested in your
room where we uh phrasing or our a face
or a phase you're right
abominable Scotsman
and you know what I'm gonna say properly
because I kind of said half ass last
time we didn't know who's gonna say it
or a phase bobble Scotsman says however
can I offer you an egg in this trying
time gentlemen bears says really when
you think about it Batman was just a
rich kid living in his parents basement
yeah exactly true Lando Calrissian and
Kidd Maximilian
thank you all for subscribing we really
appreciate it even kid Maxum mum because
that's how that is properly said goodbye
looks like Maximilian
