Moonlighting Hack Frauds (pt 1)
June 6, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yGC9Ihr94TM

we're here we're totally here there's
just you know there's there's a few
things we have to do to get Rhett you
know ready ready
like we're gonna go to the game here
we're gonna play moonlighter and I need
to update it and the twitch app yeah
what's your problem with our overlay no
somebody's saying fix your overlay or
get rid of it oh you know what when we
switched back over for the the new way
that we do subscribers and whatnot yeah
it um it has like a little like load
time so every once in a while a little
orange thing pops up but it's fine okay
well that's the normal tips aren't gonna
going in the tip box anymore though
I know I know and that was something I'm
going to take care of but now we're
moving over to a new computer just wait
till we get the new computer I promise
you I won't care of everything so
everything's just a little you know tiny
whining we had to move the tip
notifications because buddy the old one
it's like a different tip thing and
that's not working anymore orange isn't
the same thing that it uses for bids yes
this is the animated thing so they need
to be in that quarters they show up
better a pretty much yeah pretty much
I'm just gonna bits basically I'm gonna
just muck with how we do muck with the
overlay and we're gonna take the
subscriber thing and we're gonna move it
over next to the gameplay and then
instead of having a tip jar we're just
gonna have the tips and the bits show up
in the same space yeah so I'll fix
everything but we have to wait till we
get a new computer and boom there we go
chant the Cybill Shepherd Bruce Willis
TV show was moonlighting lighting in and
while I'd love to make a reference to
moonlighting who remembers that except
for you old men although I watched
moonlighting too as a young boy I watch
the reruns and quite enjoyed it get rid
of the overlay yep definitely gonna
happen I'm gonna make it bigger you
fucks you just wait I'm gonna make it
bigger I had to make it smaller what I
had you make it smaller I like this
version I think this version works yeah
this works a lot but you know my the v1
I know of the overlay was a little much
but I think this version works great so
I was not a big overlay fan mmm I don't
mind this personal well that's great so
this is moonlighter oh good cloud save
worked and moonlighter is a very it's a
simple yet interesting game where it's
it's - sucks you're right now you're
absolutely right let's play injustice -
and crash the computer again just crash
it let's be done with everything fuck it
all pixel suck mmm did you overlay samus
uh Breen is God says wait Jack admits
the first one was too much after seeing
the second one I agree that the first
one was a little much which is how it
works sometimes you refine you you move
on you you move forward okay so this
game is two halves one half is you run a
shop and your shop is the shop that all
adventurers go to on their quest they
pick up a they'd pick up items they
that's how you earn money in the game
right but where do you get the items
well at night you got to go to the
dungeons and get items to sell in your
shop you take the items off of the den
adventures sometimes yes yes you do
there you run into like skeletons that
you have to desecrate to take items from
right so that's where that's where get
moonlight or you moonlight as an
adventurer while you spend your days in
the shop and and it's it's adorable and
it has a really simple and pleasant
positive feedback loop and and I really
like it so right now actually I don't
think I have any yeah I got five sticks
I got nothing this is a the upgraded
shop at first you just start with one
table with four squares
I got an upgraded job so I get I get
eight places to sell stuff and I got a
nice
been and just get rid of some garbage in
there we got to move some stuff here I
move these sticks over here there's a
couple things I'm working towards right
now let me just show you here so
obviously there's one of the neat well
we'll get into selling I got to go to
the dungeon and get more crap there's a
lot there's just a lot of neat stuff
about this game I've just been really
enjoying it's what I've been playing
lately so okay how does work how does it
how does it work from the get-go right
it's okay so it's nice so now it's your
time to go to the dungeon right right
and so this is the this is the town this
is where my shop is you can make
upgrades to your shop and upgrade to the
town here like for example I have a
blacksmith so I can get new weapons
there's a potion lady over here so I can
get new potions so like right now I have
a sword and a shield and for some reason
I'm absolutely in love with that shield
animation it's something very visceral
about that is there a character crater
he just plays like an old man you just
play as this person I don't I don't know
if they're an old man or not and I also
have a bow and arrow but currently I am
working towards getting oh here getting
I want a spear and I want some training
gloves and I want a fabric and so you
know it gives you the list of things
that you need you want to sell these
things no I want to buy these things for
better adventuring so the stuff on the
right is the stuff I'm looking for I'm
looking for those pipes
I actually just pipes and cloth is all I
need right now so
so let's go to the dungeon and I'll show
you how the dungeon works got a cute
little town there right on the edge of
the dungeon the dungeon comes in four
stages but right now only one stage is
accessible to me the golem dungeon which
is available to merchants and heroes
once you get on to stage two
it says the desert dungeon only for
Heroes okay see I'm not a hero I'm just
a merchant so the and the dungeons are
all procedurally generated so every time
you go in them it's different and
totally record here except without any
cuteness I don't know a rickets here is
it's another game when you run a shop
okay I haven't gotten very far in it and
play too much oh okay I have it well
does rekha tier also have dungeon II it
might okay because I'll tell you that is
a big draw for me here
go I can I got I just got my bow and
arrow so I can kind of wreck things
right now wreck things in a good way
those guys used to be a big pain in the
ass and now nothing infinity what
infinite infinite air fucking what kind
of fucking merchant sim is this well
it's a little bit of both is what it is
I started to Isaac yeah a little star to
Isaac
they should go with a fucking theme man
those arrows should have a fucking cost
by the way that would drastically change
how I use the pony her drastic okay so
here's my backpack right well we got our
backpack and you just fill up your
backpack with shit I'm already starting
to fill it up with shit some tubes that
I need but then you have weird items
like this so this item says it must be
placed at the top or bottom of the bag
so that's easy this one too and then
later the items get more and more picky
about where they must be placed
fucking goo
oh great I need that and I need that
nice we're getting all the Oh what is
that see that thing to the left there I
have never run into something like that
before they all be mixed in yeah they're
mixed in and we should get bits in there
too oh my god so you just kind of got to
go pass the subs and get to them and get
to the stuff that you want what is this
place
and a forest
so we don't have to do subs at the end
of the stream anymore with this we can
go them as we do the tubes oh yeah yeah
if you want that's it that's empty what
is the champ want just a chapel on us to
do reading off subs as we go where
should we save that to the end like the
old days I don't know that's you know I
fear change obviously but I suppose if
we wanted to we could do subs as we go
with with our new with our newfound
stream labs power you like subs at the
end we keep doing it that way that's
fine that's fine subs at the end does
has that have a little bit of charm
all right winning this one so I'll start
here Dubey sandwich says now that using
stream labs for tips yeah do you plan to
update your stream overlay also Ricardo
I respect your opinion about it
I respect you repeat about solo and you
was a human being I just thought you
should know that
please don't delete your Instagram
account oh yeah did you hear about that
yeah heard about the mean people being
mean man yeah bunch of dickheads being
dickheads thank thank you for your tip
us and you are going to change the
overlook yeah yeah babe and it's gonna
be a very simple change gonna be very
easy change we're just you know move one
thing over
captain preganant says to our lemon
friends just know that a life gets you
down things start looking bad there's a
community of people that support you
think y'all are great and wish you the
best some of us aren't even weird what's
first of all I don't believe you
anyway rich are you related to Chris
Evans why would anybody think that why
would anybody think that because you
have a similar last name I mean similar
common last name right yeah no the
answer is no I mean everyone's related
really in the grand scheme of things but
in any way that somebody would consider
us related know we're all we're all the
same star stuff man we're all made of
the same star stuff we're all cousins
everybody we're all evolved from the
same shit that's true man it's true it's
just like one big dysfunctional family
let's create me in
does that mean it's incest when I fuck
sheeps is somebody in the chat who I
will leave unnamed tech for yes
technically yes
yeah sure
cheap fucking that's where we're going
with this it's great yes it's great you
know what it's great non of us says hey
rich five interested to know johnny
Knoxville was used as inspiration for
two of your favorite game characters No
More Heroes Travis touchdown can totally
see it and uncharted Nathan Drake makes
less sense than Ryan's babe yeah that
makes absolutely no sense to me to the
point where I think that Nathan Drake is
based off of Johnny Knoxville which is
absolutely not the case
oh and I even Drake is is his generic
action man I'd say he's based off of
Chris Pratt but Nathan Drake kind of
predates the popularity of Chris Pratt
so I a long shot
yeah whoo there you go Nathan Drake was
Nathan Fillion yes and as a that is a
fine fine comparison right there sure
Laura uses Jack Firewatch shirt reminded
me to ask you how is your graphic tee
collection coming along huh do you mean
like the shirts that I wear have you
t'ee so yes not like te a right right I
mean obviously I have a lot of graphic
tees would you call it a collection I
it's a wardrobe yeah I suppose rich
technically speaking yes it's a
collection but you know it's also just
all the shirts I have I'll wife I've
picked up some really cool ones the
other day I'm really all right they're
really neat oh they haven't come in the
mail yet though and I find a fangamer
yeah fangamer is a really great website
that's where I got my risk of rain
t-shirt they had back in stock for a
little bit an FTL t-shirt that I've
wanted for a while it's a it's a big
Kestrel and it looks really cool so I
just got that and pretty excited a
couple new shirts coming in the mail I
should check on the shipping on that
make sure they came to me
all I got to keep my shirts fresh now
that now that it's now it's become a bit
of a thing me and the shirts which I'm
totally okay with
this is para for a while please go off
into the under are we gonna potentially
miss some dude do that that one I just
read is now like right at the fucking
bottom of everything apparently they do
so is destroyer yeah says my username is
pronounced is destroyer no says hey guys
I just wanted to say that the latest
best of the worst one of the funniest
you have all done thanks for the
entertainment you're welcome
I agree that was a great time that was a
great time mu skardu says at a recent
midnight movie I saw a trailer for a
Western which had an unlikely cast sir
Sidney Poitier Harry Belafonte and
Cameron Mitchell ever have a wait ever
have any when worlds collide moments
when best of the worst fav show up in
classy Oh films not really I we kind of
understand that a lot of the celebrities
who show up and best of the worst films
are having a downturn in their career
it's not really shocking that some of
them have been in better things yeah
they're usually like you know you have
to assume that they're a draw for a
reason right
I pushed my luck rich I'm sorry jack
push my luck ni da' die dude that's your
goddamn fault not mine yeah I agree
I'm just letting you know I'll let you
know the situation I got some rods maybe
I can get some shit now Wow
oh this is terrible
I got nothing to sell well I mean I have
stuff to sell so one of the neat things
about running your shop is you get to
set the price right but the way you
determine the price is a customer looks
at it and is either you know exceedingly
happy with the price that that way to
the left we have golden eyes or and if
they're exceedingly happy with the price
they'll buy it or on the other side of
the spectrum is the one where it has
like little sweat marks on the head and
that means that it's so expensive that
they won't buy it right and those two in
the middle you know one they'll be happy
with the price and they'll buy it one
they aren't happy with the price but
there still might buy it no they'll
still buy it okay they just won't be
happy and then the popularity of the
item goes down so less people want in
the long run
okay so part of this part of your shop
is figuring out what it you know how
much people will pay for certain objects
these I think I already have figured out
yeah face whoa I don't get the sell out
because I dropped all my shit is there
competition in town not yet but I'm
still pretty early in the game it should
be there should be oh yeah okay well
we're gonna open the shop and we're
gonna sell the four items that we have
here
valiant bloodshed sis will you guys be
seeing the documentary won't you be my
neighbor which is about Fred Rogers of
Mister Rogers neighborhood it looks like
something uplifting in this dark world
we live in right now I'm pretty sure
Karen wants to see it so I'll probably
end up seeing it yeah it looks neat this
kid's gonna steal my shit
cactus mutt says noticing as I get older
my nose hairs are getting thicker
looking forward to growing older with
you fine folks here proves uses a
warrior's drink ah reference I get
reference I don't know the jack does
apparently I don't approve juice
glorious drink Worf says that about
prune juice guide and gives him prune
juice in TNG - did Guinan call it a
warrior's drinkers and he'd know it well
there you go there's a cute moment
all right I've sold all my shit and I'm
gonna close up shop cuz I go a shit get
out of it get out of here ding-dongs ask
what a waste
James jamming 10 says there's five bucks
towards the overworld rich fund I would
love to see a viscera cleanup episode
geez Jesus fuck
jesus fucking the fuck yeah
you know I Baron tome says hey rich hey
check right I've heard upstream that
neither of you are into sports it's not
entirely true
rich like I love the baseball eSports
like overwatch League are gaining more
followers and are constantly raising
money for prize pools money and prize
pools are either view more likely to be
interested in my in any eSport mm I
watched some rocket like competitive
rocket League and outside of just making
me feel ashamed to play rocket League
that was fun to watch but like asteroid
watching counter-strike once in yeah
that was boring that's fair yeah I've
seen some competitive overwatch matches
as that that is my game of choice and
it's it's all fine I get I guess like
I've never I've I don't know III had
more fun I've had more fun watching
competitive tf2 back in the day up there
there were some like I want to say there
were some like charity events were like
a bunch of you know really great tf2
players played some rounds together and
there was some really great color
commentary and you know people who knew
how to cast it right yeah and and those
games tend to last a little bit longer
than overwatch games overwatch games go
by a little quicker and so I had to I
had a lot of fun watching competitive
overwatch back in the day and
that's about it I don't I guess no I
don't care about eSports either okay
what I feel shame and reference to
watching them rocket League eSports yeah
there's people who are professionally
good at rocket League are really
insanely fucking good and they do some
shit with that rocket booster and
bounces and angles that is fucking
jaw-dropping right like have you ever
played a rocket League match we're just
one person on the other team or on your
team I guess is doing all of the air
tricks and balancing your balls and just
scoring all the goals and it gets that
far why am I even why am I playing this
why am I trying you just do your thing
man so that's that's why yeah you know
no no no disrespect to eSports but yeah
I just I'd rather be playing
the grass grass
stop it
see like here like see this skeleton
yeah you didn't have anything inside
understand but that's a fallen it been
okay okay
Oh oh I found it downside to my spear
already had swords Terrence ed says hey
guys
hi is there a Joker one-liner you've
mentioned in a show that wouldn't fly
anymore if you said them again I know we
could probably never say now back to
9/11 what you just did
Oh oh shit oh shit and now back to 9/11
I was just saying before I couldn't say
just because the jokes already been done
and so like then it's just a bad joke at
that point then Dobson says needed to
take some sick days off work and have a
messed up a sleep rhythm right now at
least I get to watch the streamline
which usually doesn't work for me keep
it up for laughter is the best medicine
will do one thing that says that isn't I
know I one thing this program does I
don't like yeah this it cuts off words
in big word yes it does that like Auto
formatting where we're like it'll say
like together but then it'll go to
gether yeah yeah yeah it doesn't
indicate that it's the input or tense
yes
agree
I am sure there is a solution to that
problem that has not been my priority
and lady Yu Guan Yu my ygg it says here
is $6 for anything but viscera cleanup
fund my recommendation Vampir a lot of
people want to see a vampy or something
I don't know what vampyre is I'm not up
on what vampyre is I've never heard of
vampeer
outside of you people asking us to play
it so I'm immediately skeptical so how
about that okay I am immediately
skeptical because you guys want us to
play very little about it so it seems
like you're mostly dungeon and you're
not really doing that much well last
time I died in the dungeon and when you
die so you have your backpack and then
you have all the items on you when you
die
everything you lose everything in your
backpack okay and so unfortunately I
didn't have a lot of things to sell my
last time okay and of course I do prefer
the dungeon so I'm gonna be spending a
little more time in the dungeon
I pushed it a little too far last time
and dungeon too hard should play a curse
to the moon or any Castlevania game you
know I guess in Castlevania was never
really my thing when I was a kid so but
I took a look at that yeah the game I'm
thinking about it just exactly looks
like Castlevania yeah I guess it's fine
it's not super exciting though
out there
yeah
yeah
Boyd beats us Jack I'm Jack give them
that you like viscera cleanup
have you checked out house flippers
talked about it earlier it's a game
where you buy dumpy houses and pain sake
staking we fix them up doing everything
from sweeping painting to installing
faucets and stuff it's on Steam it it
does it looks it looks right up my alley
might make it for a good first four
hours of we could probably get a little
comedy out of that from what I've heard
though is that it's a it's more house
decorating and less cleanup like you can
clean up but it's not like you know
viscera had this like in-depth cleanup
system where you know you were you would
leave bloody footprints if you if you
walked in here apparently like there's
just like there's a garbage zapper and
you just have to zap all the garbage
it's like you know it's not as dumb down
it's dumb down cleaning up so it's not
as visceral it's not as as in-depth you
know like I I would love it but like if
if you actually like if let's say that
the house was a mess right yeah and it
had like old crusty furniture like if
you had to like pick up the crusty
furniture and move it outside of the
house into a dumpster that would be
hilarious
exactly could you imagine you had to cut
it up and you had to cut it up or you
scuffed up the walls because you were
bumping it against the walls that would
be great
that would be so fucking great but you
can just happen does happen and so I it
might actually not beat be my thing
because it's a little simpler but I look
see it looks interesting
nope
check doesn't like cleaning games that
are too casual it's true Jack only likes
the hardcore cleaning games
what happened to Shaq foo I
there's nothing wrong with it just we
had enough
we saw what it was and you wanted to
play this I did what oh I got here I
don't know what this is okay I got I
fell down a thing and I got here and I
don't know what this is this is an open
chest but there's nothing in it was it
mediocre I kind of it wasn't it wasn't
hot garbage
it was shack food shack foods ha ha it's
check foo and and we we got cute we got
an hour out of it like this that was the
plan yeah I you make the juice Shack
made references yeah I'm gonna put
something in here that I know isn't
worth a lot of money and just see what
happens all right
are we done with slay this part yes
we've we vowed never to play it ever
again solemn vow
ever what happened that was awesome
I know what happened Ida I just wasted
it rich
that was a teleport I could have put
anything in that chest and it would have
teleported to my chest at home and I
just put three cheapo things in there
okay so I could have completely emptied
my backpack how'd it go home and grabbed
a whole shit ton more stuff now so you
have you have limited space in your
background yes but now I know what it is
so it's okay so this is like stardew
valley mining
why you just leave because I want to
kill that thing see if it gives me any
treasure apparently some of these things
you can fall down them and they there's
stuff in them like what's over here I
wonder
cheesedick - says greetings from
Mackinaw City Michigan great reading
this thanks cheesedick - combat looks
better than start doing well yeah but
you don't you don't really play started
for the combat yeah yeah I'm kind of
annoyed it's there and instar do you
wanna sleep oh yeah yeah yeah I hate the
mines so with the day/night cycle is
there a time limit for you being in this
dungeon I don't know that I think is a
really great question
I know here's what I know if you spend
too much time in the dungeon every once
in a while a creepy little eyeball will
show up in the lower left-hand corner
yeah I don't know what it means though
as I'm the type of person that I like to
kind of discover things naturally like I
just did with that other thing
oh god don't talk about star do family
again fuck about that you know what we
like things you don't like you I'm sure
I'm almost sure you like things I don't
like
yeah
nope
ah you know starter valleys a good game
that's just something you know you gotta
get used to
we like things bridge hates good games
so you found objectively good games
completely free of opinion they found an
objectively good game that's great
Mosley I guess everyone would like but I
don't like it it's how can it be an
objectively good game right there's the
flaw people I don't oh I know you were
probably joking
I know relax what we're all good man
we're all good what is it with streaming
a game and then sucking at it that mean
one once I know I'll like also I'm
getting to the point in the dungeons
where you know it is it's getting a
little harder but I feel like I was
doing really good at this game before I
started streaming and I was I was in a
good flow but now everything's just a
little again I push it too far oh and I
got nothing to sell again yeah dang you
oh wait I got more things maybe I can
get another and you know thing I got
more things maybe I can get another
thing that's a thing I just said
everything's fine everything's gonna be
fine
Aaron put this stuff in the thing here
here's I'm a sad subject this tutorial
was super easy why is it so hard now
right here they're throwing some shade
on you jack that's fine throw it throw
all of it I deserve it
giant lampshade I deserve it I deserve
it I'm sucking I had a really decent
haul and I should have stopped I should
have stopped but I didn't stop it was my
fault I knew it I knew it going into
that dungeon that I should have I should
have gone into that room I was like yeah
I'm almost out of space I should stop
while I got a good haul cuz now like I
don't get to show off any of the fun
running your shop stuff because I only
have three items to sell you know yeah
what you walk in the chat says rich you
sometimes wear a white Sox hat do you
really watch baseball or is it just a
hat no I I am fond of baseball - I've
been watching too much white socks
lately for one they don't really air the
white socks up in Milwaukee
not very often say it's not something I
really can watch that much and - they're
doing so terrible this year I wouldn't
be watching them anyway
it's gonna be a long rebuilding period
nice long rebuilding period mm-hmm but
I've I've enjoyed going to minor-league
games
mightily games are more fun because you
get really good seats for cheap
right so you're a fair-weather fan oh
I'm rooting for them I'm just not
watching them right now I'm a fan I'm
not a masochist do you know what's up
how cheap are we talking well I mean
it's hard for me to saying cuz every
team is gonna be different they're
probably gonna have different crises but
this is a little independent league team
I used to go to all the time when I was
in the Chicagoland area the Windy City
Thunderbolts front row seats behind home
plate like eight bucks at the time
that's pretty dang achievement pretty
dang cheap right there
easy that's that's not gonna be the same
for every minor league or independent
independent team but in in general your
tickets are gonna be dirt dirt cheap Oh
especially compared to major league like
especially if you if you compare them to
your local Major League ticket prices
yeah it's gonna it's it's not gonna be
close like close enough and you know
stadiums small enough so that there's
not too much noise pollution if if you
wanted a heckle let's play around the
opposing team they would hear it and I
got a shot more than a few dirty looks
see that you know that you're getting
under their skin when they turn and
glare at you and see that that to me is
the only heckling that should be allowed
right it only counts as heckling if the
player can clearly hear you and spot you
like because then then you're heckling
with a purpose
yeah
one was flanked izinski says one thing I
loved about Lord of the Rings yeah Peter
Jackson still had one foot in the horror
movie world all the orc designs look
like horror movie monsters and they look
amazing
yeah Jack what's your favorite miniature
from the movies from from Oh from DCF of
indiscernible comics from DC I'm a
hockey fan go caps there might be some
hockey I know they switched topics to
like comics what's your favorite DC DC
Comics oh sure sure what my favorite
miniature I don't know if if I exactly
have one I do love I've always loved the
look of the the Wraith tower if you
remember in a in Fellowship of the Rings
when they're they they just met Strider
and and they go up to that like plateau
in the middle of the woods that has all
like the ancient ruins in it and that's
where all the wraiths meet them and
stabbed Frodo do you remember that part
no I don't remember any of these great I
don't think it was actually a miniature
I just thought it was it was one of the
coolest looking locations because it had
these these like very distinct looking
ruins and it was this plateau out of
nowhere and I always liked the look of
that
but I also I won't know the name of it
because I don't have that kind of memory
where I remember like the names of
things after that has a very specific
name in the books or in the movie right
I'm sure it does you're at the rock
bridge right exactly so it's to me
that's my favorite part if you have the
extent of the orcs they have an entire
featurette in the extended editions
dedicated to all of the different orc
designs and like how they wanted the
orcs to look and and just okay here's
like 20 sketches and I'll look like
brown goop monsters oh they're very
distinct a very distinct but but they
went through different several different
iterations of what they want to be orcs
to look like brown mouse for odd twos or
something little Nosferatu II but
they're great
my favorite Peter Jackson II thing in
the Lord of the Rings is in Return of
the King when after Aragorn and Gimli
and Legolas talked to the army of ghosts
they get kicked out of the mountain on a
waterfall of skulls it's just like
hundreds of thousands of human skulls
start raining down on them and they're
like swimming through a mountain of
skulls is the crickets I always thought
that was a very Peter Jackson thing
Burger King diamond says greetings
greetings recently I've been
binge-watching the original dark shadows
on Amazon Prime okay I greatly enjoy it
both ironically and non ironically have
you ever watched it if so what are your
thoughts I never really watched it do
you know what it is dark shadow yeah
maybe I don't seventies and I'm shame
thing I had a revival in the 90s of a
short-lived but soap opera about a
vampire Oh
basically a Dracula theme soap opera yes
wasn't that I think I've seen a couple
episodes of that wasn't that very um
black box television weird like all the
black all the backgrounds were just
black backdrops I never really watched
it I know I know my gay uncle's partner
was really into it shit vampire soap
opera who wouldn't be yeah how Anne Rice
but yeah I think I know your talk I know
you're talking about they made a giant
dining jet that movie Johnny yes that
movie about it recently a remake yeah
yeah yeah yeah I'm with you
so here's we got to do a little we got a
little do a little rican jiggering of
our backpack now because we have some
items so you look here and I'm gonna be
really smart I'm gonna be really smart
I'm gonna stop adventuring I only have
two spaces left in my backpack and when
I when i crack it man Ella I'm not gonna
be really smart I'm gonna go for it I
shouldn't I should know I should be
really smart let's be really smart rich
you'd be really smart jack okay why
don't you be really strong I'm gonna
play it safe is what I'm gonna do I'm
not gonna go really smart so at any time
you can leave the dungeon I cost you 300
coins to leave the dungeon with all your
stuff oh my god so I'm gonna do that now
so I can leave with all my stuff I cost
you no money when you're dying but then
you don't get any stuff right now okay
I'm gonna play it safe I'm gonna play it
smart
oh speaking of Peter Jackson another
nerd thing did you see the trailer for
chat helped me out here the giant moving
cities the new Peter Jackson movie with
the the giant moving cities with Hugo
Weaving
mortal engines oh my god did that look
bonkers giant moving city London is a
giant city on wheels that eats other
cities and it's a movie that's happening
and it looks insane that sounds insane
yes it looks so great mortal engines
why do cities eat each other right
it's a it looks it looks like they it
looks like every city has to be on
wheels now for some reason because
future and like the London is trying to
like be the only city and so it's like
destroying other cities and taking its
inhabitants it's it looks nuts rich it
looks absolutely nuts I'm sure it should
be this sounds insane it should be
considered an anime says how might and
I'm sure it's based off of an anime or
manga or one of those it looks so nuts
it looks great I'm so excited
it looks like weirdo film okay alright
it looks like the kind of like big
filmmaking that we can do now because we
have CG and and I'm super I'm super
stoked okay oh man I want to invest in
my town this I want a lot of Italia
you've come to my town lodi failure
hunchback jack says yep hey Jack and
rich look the planning to build a new PC
please please please you already shaking
your head no oh yeah I assume what do
you think they're gonna uh here's what
I'm thinking I'm thinking they are going
to tell us specifically a component that
we need to buy or else the PC will be
subpar no oh please do PC build stream I
know they're not for everyone
but it's only one stream and I love the
others you did please consider please I
assume I assumed whoever tipped that was
gonna be a big snob please please please
you need this graphics card or else your
computer is basically a paperweight you
do know you get a de Graaff Accardo at
any time what you're building if you add
a graphics card to it probably a little
bit more memory I don't know what you've
actually did with memory it's a gaming
PC oh yeah no if we if we had a decent
graphics card and we'd probably need a
bigger hard drive we we have a basically
a backup gaming PC yeah yeah
um maybe how about that I get I should
get all the parts tomorrow maybe I could
do a Friday morning thing where where I
build it I want it done but I the thing
is I want it done by Sunday but I
suppose we could always stream building
it Sunday but I don't know if it'll take
that much you know if it'll take enough
time but I don't know I don't know I
will consider it how about that what are
you doing for operating systems I'm in
Windows yeah because because you're not
gonna play around with Linux I looked
into it xsplit does not have a Linux oh
really yeah
yeah okay OBS has a Linux run and I was
thinking about that because obviously
getting a Windows key adds another
holler to that sure to the to our cost
but we've been using xsplit with very
little problems I'm shocked they don't
never 1x version they don't have a Linux
version all right so while I would love
to mess around with that and I worry the
other thing I worry about is like not
only are we running a broadcaster off of
it it has to have the correct drivers
for our microphones for our cameras it
needs a lot of extra stuff that I would
be very worried about running a
different piece of software out of it
you know yeah you dig dual dual boot
well okay well I'm not against the
concept of dual booting we're just
having both operating systems I
understand what a dual boot is yeah I
don't want to assume you're right it
defeats the purpose of saving money by
not having to get Windows yeah that
point you may as well just have Windows
7 on there I'm not the only thing we're
literally the only thing we're planning
on doing with this is streaming from it
we're providing gaming computer sitting
right next to it yeah with the gaming
computer feeding into the streaming
computer so the only thing that's got to
worry about processing through the
stream is the streaming computer right
that's it
that's it oh you know what else we'll
need we will need a second Ethernet a
second yes we mean well because we need
the Ethernet on the gaming PC yeah to
download games and we need an Ethernet
on the streaming pc to stream yes and no
I mean really if we have shit
downloaded before the stream yeah it's
not an issue you just unplug the cord
and move it into the gaming PC to
download the game well let's steam wants
to have a fit about not being online
before we use something or if we want to
play online yeah we will we will yep
well I'm assuming the motherboard hasn't
been at port we just need another cable
yeah that's all yeah yeah yeah oh yeah
that's what I meant the and I made sure
I got one with an Ethernet port and so
you know we don't have to worry about
Wi-Fi or anything like that but yeah
we'll have to run another another
Ethernet which is just no big deal
button Ethernet card I'm assuming the
motherboard has a fucking it does I got
one well yeah of course of course
because of course I did
but I do want to crazy you you're still
in the wish list
you go on which I've still don't ygg I
still don't know how to pronounce that
okay we're going with you I like it
yoga once is rich do you guys have we
and if so did you play killer7 it's a
cult classic a killer seven was on
gamecube I believe it was and I'm aware
of its existence but I have not played
it you know neither have I and there I
believe they are releasing on PCs yeah I
know it's a pseudo game I know it's
gonna be trippy as fuck but I think it's
just like a rails sure I have no idea
yeah that'd be good idea to play maybe
it's coming to PC this fall all right
I'm willing to check it out yeah I don't
I don't know that I mean I'm sure it'll
be interestingly weird because it's
suda51
yes oh here it is he's the competitor he
just he just moved in but I can also buy
stuff from I do items that I need for
like upgrading my shit I can also buy
from him
expensive mad dog Hoek Hoke I can have
that supposed to come out I think it's
hope h OE k says start a valley is my
moment of Zen
yes I agree I love it Jack what's your
top three local craft beers uh well I
haven't been drinking much lately I'm
taking a little taking a little break
yeah but number one is MKE brewing I
about that I talk about them all the
time yeah they're there hop freak and og
beer is some of my favorite beer ever
so MKE brewing numero uno there's so
many there we we have so many craft
beers it's hard for me to even think of
them lake fronts great or not uh yeah
like lakefront is that brewery that is
like the safe micro brew like they have
a Spotted Cow and that means that that's
like a beer everyone could enjoy even if
they like shit beer like that's a nice
light beer everyone likes it so
lakefront have is a nice safe beer and
who else is local there's so many and
New Glarus man man
they're not even local I mean they're
Wisconsin but they're not local I'm
talking I'm talking about places that I
come I could walk to MKE and lakefront
brewing so ok that's local that's oh
look I got I got I got no pony in this
race oh right right I guess those are
the two those are the two I all I really
care about hey can I buy a thing now
what do I need from you yeah so you got
to I got to what MKE lakefront MKE
number one all the time so your third is
then New Glarus by just default you
heard of folks New Glarus is into stop
three they also go on to say and rich I
don't care what these floppy ass hats
say you're the best that's the that's a
fine backhanded compliment what's your
favorite Enterprise design I'm not gonna
go into this too much details I'd talk
about this all the time comes up a lot
the ivory fit enterprise slash slash
Enterprise a because they're basically
the same design from from the 80s movies
most not just my favorite enterprise my
favorite ship in science fiction mm-hmm
Wow they're physically the same model
but doesn't that make some minor
alterations for the AR my nuts saw other
subtle differences I don't know I don't
know things want the major differences
it says a it's 1701 - oh that's that's
the only difference you need to know it
has the it has the a has the
disadvantage of not being the original
enterprise the refit Enterprise from
Star Trek the motion picture and Star
Trek the Wrath of Khan
and that gets blowed up in Star Trek 3
has that added value emotionally just
from being the original beloved
enterprise only a absolutely fucking
gorgeous version of that ship what about
fire escape it's a living ship it's also
an ugly ship mmm I love first game but
boy is ugly damn dog
okay so here so here's part of it here's
part of the shopkeeping right I got this
book here yeah I got this gallon book
I tried selling it for a thousand and as
you can see a thousand was way too much
yeah
so if I decide to sell for too little
you know it sells and I get money but I
don't I don't make as much money as I
but you might find more in the future
and then you'll have a price point
exactly and so you know it's this is the
is the tricky part of the game I mean I
want to see if maybe maybe 500 we'll see
if 500 is the right call second table
here so I got some sword fragments
anyway 200 let's get away with 200 make
some money keep the chilies for now
because you can use jellies to make
potions good to Kelly says hey guys
first time tipping I just want to say
that my favorite game series is Resident
Evil and my favorite snack while
watching you guys stream our hotdogs
with two kinds of spicy mustard on them
and Jack I dip my corndogs and barbecue
sauce YUM when I was then um to me did
you say something about barbecue sauce
at some point not liking it I will kill
barbecue sauce on barbecue I guess ok
yeah I have no strong feelings about
barbecue sauce ok I'm glad you like the
things you like thank you for the tip it
seems weird that that would be I think
they just wanted me to go off of mustard
oh that could be it that'd be my guess
spider oh yeah that's cool you like
would you like ma'am not everybody likes
same things oh there's a thief
that guy's a thief he has a little thief
mask what are you are you are you
racially profiling he's wearing black
rich that's his culture that's that's
the coat that's what does people wear
it's this culture oh he's starting get
out here yeah I don't steal my shit and
if people wait too long at the cash
register they leave shit
now when people come in sometimes they
have a little bandit mask
why the fuck would they do that well
they do that because you have to man the
register if people wait in line too long
they get pissed and as your customers
grow and grow you have to decide whether
you want to take care of your customers
or let them steal something you know oh
shit what did I let go for two cheap can
you restock while this is all going yeah
yeah you can well if I had stuff to
restock with all right a thousand is too
expensive for this let's try 600 Jack an
old stream you talked about how much you
hate barbecue sauce but it was years ago
oh well I'll think of a better message
some other time okay I see I knew it was
trying to get under our skin I guess I
could I could sense it spider senses
were going off you know I and I maybe
I've softened my views on barbecue sauce
a bit over the years I'm not super fond
de I mean I'm I'm barbecue I am if I got
if I got me some some some barbecue pork
I like a little barbecue sauce I'm not a
I'm not a barbecue sauce fanatic Wow
okay I really thought this was worth
more money than it is worth apparently
about 200 who wants it give another
thief no shop I know and I'm right here
I'm watching them I wish there's a way
to scare mo off like get out of here get
out of here maybe maybe you can hire a
security at some point no that'd be nice
- huh oh wow this thing is worth nothing
this is a Crystal Rock maybe you have to
like forge it first or something maybe
50 50 bucks give me any money for this
fucking Rock okay 50 bucks 50 bucks is
what it's worth
gosh damn what's that the happy price
that was the happy price
I suppose he can't steal anything right
now he could have stole one Rock on a
table he could have stole that but yeah
get out of here thief oh shit did I miss
label that
he's still your register I'm gonna
assume not but you know I guess you
never know like you have nothing the
salt why are these people still here
well cuz the shops open and I want to
close it get out and I got nothing gives
you a little rundown of what you sold
and then you know the popularity of the
things that you sold which is something
that you have to keep track of so you
can know if you can charge more for the
things mr. Joshua TX says the heat index
in Dallas today was 103 he just wanted
you to know that thanks also how much to
do us critters to review like did you
watch the critters review and it's
basically add critters 1 & 2 review and
it's kind of its kind of a done it be it
be redundant by the way I watched the
critters review I think it's my favorite
episode of review oh yeah he haven't
watched the critters review it's it's
great I I have not watch the critters
review
alright now we got some potions
I gotta get rid of that stuff in my
backpack and then we're gonna go back to
the dungeons
need some needs more of these red things
that's what I'm gonna be looking for
have we watched shunned I remember that
being in the video store all the time
when I was a kid I don't believe I ever
seen chud though yeah I've never I also
I've never seen shed
I remember that being that being a very
interesting encounter where I referred
to someone as a chud yeah
and I I went out when I referred to them
as a cheddar I meant just kind of like a
schlubby dude okay
like oh that guy oh yeah he's a chud
like you know doesn't like like I'm like
I am a chud okay like I don't
necessarily dress up I'm just kind of
Schwabe like I don't I don't you know I
I would consider myself like a just
shorts in a t-shirt that's a chud in my
in my head like a Chad almost right yeah
I vote so that's what I've always
considered a Chad just like a generally
a generally schlubby dude so like I I
probably refer to us as Judds and J was
like what the hell are you talking about
cuz of course he was talking about what
does Chad stand for right now
cannibalistic humanoid underground
dweller the movie Judd and I was like
now it's not what it said is what are
you talking about and it was just a very
strange encounter with with Jay and
myself not understanding you weren't
even thinking about the movie then I've
never heard of the movie I've never
heard of the movie until Jay I've never
heard anyone use chugged the way you did
exactly it was weird you pulled that out
of your butt no I've heard someone I've
heard two people refer to normal-looking
dudes as chunce
I swear this is a real thing I'm telling
you oh okay
I've heard it you know you know you know
what that's that's just fine give me a
bonus shit
awesome worth mentioning of critters it
was the director who did Bill & Ted's
Excellent Adventure bonus journeys
better and that's the guy who did
thunder pets which I've seen now I've
seen Thunder pants now oh what did you
what did you think quality film yeah
it's not bad
I am only about a boy who farts okay
ready for it yeah ready for my big my
big criticism of thunder pants uh-huh
too many farts make it got to the point
where the fart wasn't even funny anymore
they're to the White Castle crave pack
too many white castle's by the way yes
exactly that's exactly it just too many
these gloves these are some smashing
gloves that's a normal thing yes we got
too much of everything yeah like I
brought it I brought it with me on a on
a trip with a couple of family friends
and you know they have kids my kids age
yeah and I thought that that that
thunderpants was going to be the hit of
the night like hey guys yeah I brought a
movie for us and the kids to watch
Thunder fan and you know like at first
the fart ain't like what what it's what
it seemed like is that they weren't
utilizing the fart jokes properly you
know like he was farting but it never it
the farting was never funny it was just
there he would have been the wet blanket
and Underpants up I probably would have
been I probably would have been so there
fine you know what I'll take that
I'll be the wet blanket I don't care
it's not where I want any of you you
sell twigs for much no you need to quit
what kind of asshole buys a twig
I usually I put the twigs in the sail or
the root in the sail or you can take all
of these and put them here and it gives
you a little bit of money for them so I
just got seven gold for those five twigs
which you know you do with lower-level
items to make room for the good stuff
which I'm doing now we're gonna put up
there yourself or crap to get rid of you
use I want okay great
Thanks easy
boom great everything's great
everything is great are you sure uh no
yeah everything's great I just got a
pool - Hollywood you gonna discover rich
Evans oh they did they just wisely
decided to leave me alone look at that
what's what's that what's that oh just
leave them they're leaving their kids
find out try not to stare
oh great we did it
we did it
oh I see I see I see what's going on
here some of these guys gonna have
conditions like this guy he can only be
on the left or right side of the bag
what and this guy destroys one item in
the direction of this mover so you want
to put him on the bottom where else he
destroys another item but like these
vines don't sell for much like I'm
trying to get rid of them and I have
some health potions so this is the warp
trunk this is not the warp drive this is
just a treasure trunk for defeating a
room so I'm just finding places for my
stuff in my backpack okay so but now
things get very particular about where
they can sit in your backpack so there's
there is there's like minor
rearrangements that you need to do
just use things there's things
great
everything's great
in this game I'm really enjoying it so
that's good
this was another one this is another one
that I was thinking about stubbornly
waiting for the switch release because
you know I like playing stuff on my
suede you know I like playing oh I know
you like playing when you take a dump i
but yeah well also when I leave the
house the only noticeable advantage of
the switch or when I leave the house
which is which is only slightly more
often than when I take a dump
I'll be honest with you but this got
pushed back till you know that nebulous
sometimes soon mark and I like yeah I
just kind of want to play it now and I
do I like it but I could see this being
a good switch game ooh new zone what is
this
into a new zone I've never been to a
zone 3 before one more item dropped by
that strange jelly creature this one is
a little more straightforward than the
mirror similar to our pendants if given
enough gold we can portal to safety but
and this is a big but the portal remains
open after use meaning one may travel
back to this very spot - they departed
from oh no no why would you want to
travel back because this is the third
level of this dungeon okay and so
instead of going through level 1 & 2 you
can go right to the 3rd to get the
better treasure I assume I just call it
the catalysts quick tip catalyst
requires quite a bit more gold than our
pendants
rich won't even acknowledge project
Horner anymore
there's no news on private toward it
there you go like that's why I didn't
address it like I saw you talking about
it I'm not blind
but I have literally nothing to share
with you about it so I chose to remain
silent
you see they do yeah no news sorry we've
we've kind of hit a we've kind of hit a
wall with that given time in our and
rich and i's resources so well let's
give this a try how much more money does
this cost
wait what but where's my portal why did
it go away cuz it's day oh maybe maybe
that's it let's see if I can buy what I
want to buy need some armor well I
wouldn't say it's scuttle just yet so
its scuttled and dead no it's I mean
we've we've hit a we've hit a wall that
is going to be difficult to overcome
working on it is what I can say
we've hit we've hit a logistical wall
stay stay it's a problem right now this
is you know this is this is the good
problem of moonlighter this turns out to
be a very long bit I'ma be mad how how
many times have we said both of us that
don't don't get too worked up about this
project Hornet right like it's gonna be
the most underwhelming things we never
said it was going to be right it's just
something we don't feel like talking
about until we have more information and
you got you it's you people in the chat
that keep blowing this up into a big
deal when it's really not one see this
is this is the this is the fun this is
the fun bit of moonlighter rich yeah
some of these things can get me a decent
amount of money yeah but I need them for
the stuff that I want to build to go
into the dungeons okay god I need that
money to go back and forth and so you
know like there it has that given flow
are there costs associated with running
your shop do you need to buy food for
yourself do you have rent you have a
mortgage no oh no records here has a
mortgage it seems like the shop keeping
oh isn't a very important part of this
game is is that the episode rich
moonlighter it might be moonlighter
versus records here might be that you
said that and I'm like very disappointed
why cuz it sounds like the shop
management just it's not very detailed
there's no depth no I you know there's
they're selling stuff that's that's all
the rich wanted food on a mortgage well
if you're gonna make a game about
running a business
expenses are a part of that
of course that's running a business
that's the whole run in the business
side of run of the business
absolutely it doesn't have to be fun
over realism then just make a game where
you were a hero who explores dungeons
why bother with the shop right I I think
part a part of the theming that they're
going with with moonlighter is the fact
that you your character so you know a
little bit of the story bit in the
beginning of the game says that you know
like running the shop is more of an
obligation to you is it's it's a shop in
your family right okay I'm listening but
I'm so what I think I think what they're
trying to go for is you as a character
want to be an adventurer but you run the
shop out of an obligation and so the
theme that I think they're trying to go
for is managing your time between your
obligation and your passion there their
theme is wasted premise is wasted wasted
premise well I guess we know what our
next episode is gonna be cuz we got
something to talk about let's open this
yep
chat I can still be listening and not
like what I'm hearing your seat
damnit I just lost a high-level Ranger
and XCOM to Iron Man ow
very sorry ow I am I I tend to play
aggressively Rangers are the back the
backbone oh sure
the backbone of my team
ha ha thief came in too late get out of
here XCOM 2 is is the PS plus free game
of the month for anyone who is a PS Plus
member I get out I got nothing else to
sell there's an economic system inside
the game for example if you sell a lot
of something particular it affects the
other shops
well yeah but other than getting in and
out of the mine money seems really
unimportant well yeah well yeah you need
money to get the stuff you there is this
whole town and shop upgrade system to
get more people to your town to to
upgrade your shop you know you get new
stuff this kind of stiff can't buy
anything I can I can get a new I can get
an iron cash register next comp 2 is
less a tactics game and more a graveyard
simulator hey I've I've gotten through
it once with no losses
it's really dicey at the end though I
had to add the at the end in the last
mission when I won mmm I had a guy who
was bleeding out and no way to heal him
right no idiot he was bleeding out and I
goddamn it no I'm gonna do it and she
does to people bleeding on I was getting
I was getting my ass kicked but you made
it to the inside of your guy die still
counts still counts
okay if I don't stream it that it never
happened yeah I'm gonna agree with rich
on that one sometimes sometimes you
gotta play him just for you you know
okay maybe I did the myportal wrong nice
thing back I might have done my portal
thing wrong I just Christian I just yeah
a little christen my boat we lived
forever your you you you you might live
to regret that one this second voyage no
crashes rocks I think that's a reference
to something
I just want another epic rich marathon
stream oh look a full playthrough of
XCOM - that's more than on marathon
stream that's that's like weeks a couple
weeks of playing
hmm
so Chat Chat quick question how do I use
that other gem that gives me the the
thing that I want all right
tell Jack he used the necklace instead
of the portal book oh I need to equip it
like this no nope did I just spend money
on that god damn it I think I did
does that not take you where you need to
go no I needed to use this in the first
place
okay oh dang it and I might have just
spent money on that portal can you close
it and report all somewhere else oh you
just fucked I think I'm just farted I
think I just lost money but and take it
just gonna deal with it okay so yeah now
I got to get back to where it was and
use the book I get it now that's fine
that's how we learn that's how we learn
sweet jiminy Christmas
eglee says hey Phyllis I'm participating
in this year's 48 hour film project I
have new orleans for the third time
nice what's your best slash worst
memories working on it yourselves any
pointers
thanks be excellent to each other I know
that I have any ranked worse or best
memories pointers probably do pointers
we've talked pointers before one one
thing that's really important is
delegating jobs yep I know that was one
of our issues of the year of the Great
Space Jam is you know we started
brainstorming ideas and everyone had
great ideas yeah but everyone had them
and we we couldn't pick a direction to
go in
yeah and so make someone your writer
make someone your director make you know
make someone your actor like just choose
who's gonna do what job before hand or
else it turns into a bit of a
clusterfuck
sounds like sound advice yep and you
know just make sure you have a decent
scope in mind something you can shoot
but and I have some fun those are great
I think there's good fun to be had in
those