Trials by Fraud (pt 4)
May 9, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wA9RxC7tWIg

it's noisy cuts uh okay hold on we got
to put the green screen on us and then
we go Kaimuki and then we go do you rich
do you consider Fight Club a sci-fi
movie no I don't what's science fiction
about Fight Club nothing he just has a
brain condition it's not necessarily
science fiction it's a psychological
movie yes you don't have like a space
brain condition if his robot brain was
projecting a split personality onto him
then the his his specific split
personality might might not match
real-life cases of multiple personality
syndrome you don't talk to yourself and
think you're talking to yourself alright
that's not that's not enough to make it
science fiction in my book no no agree
agreed we're gonna do here is change
that yes the thing is totally science
fiction the thing is absolutely science
fiction Fight Club is fantastical and
maybe even slightly future but not
exactly sci-fi and what way is Fight
Club even slightly future I was going to
ask the exact same question what sort of
future tech not even just tech just
future anything nothing nothing I want I
want whoever wrote that to think about
that for just two seconds making soap
they make soap today they made soap two
hundred years ago
it had a video rental store it had a
blockbuster video people it is Fight
Club is 0% science fiction 0% get it
together people get it right together ok
we are now good to go we will go over
here I'm gonna close up my 3ds I'm gonna
update the stream just my controller out
of juice that would be bad
well oh whoa we'll do the same thing
we'll plug it into the laptop if there's
an open thing okay hold on let me update
our thing assuming this thing
okay
what am i doing what's happening what's
going on okay I'm updating the stream is
what's happening to breath well there
you go
for the ps4 yeah we moved the HDMI cable
for to the ps4 is what happened
great alright we we see no signal yep
give it a second there it is there it is
this is gonna be a riveting YouTube
video well so now you but now it cuts
right here right here
sure alright you wanna hit the end again
so you know when to start no I can see
when the zola comes on yeah that's
beating up sorry great rich must absorb
a lot of light it's very dark
how do you look you can see that screen
better than I can are you very very dark
there have a very very dark okay I can
kind of adjust while you play you keep
playing all right so so Jack hey rich
because YouTube has been pushing it yeah
have you watched any of that Cobra Kai I
have not but I've heard good things
about him I've heard I have heard
positive things about Cobra Kai I've
started watching it with Karen oh yeah
and I'm gonna have a nice thing to say
about it oh my god the the very first
episode yeah it's just fucking it's it's
fucking it's fucking classic it is
textbook
somehow to make your protagonist
sympathetic okay it is fucking textbook
that's great they take a character who
in the original Karate Kid the bully
right yeah is the bad guy biggest
fucking jerk in the world the first
episode of Cobra Kai takes this
character last time we saw him he's a
fucking dirtbag yeah and they make you
give a shit what happens about him and
care about him that's great
they make him shockingly likeable for a
character who is still kind of an
asshole Oh still he's still kind of an
asshole but you you understand why and
you're you're rooting for him to get his
shit together
I think I gotta watch this Cobra Kai
yeah all right yeah
III yeah there's advertisements for it
everywhere and yeah I'm excited
whoa he was not the bully yeah I was
there's an argument made that Danny
provoked him at every step of the way
even though it was kind of an asshole I
don't know that I'm 100% on board with
it you can you can probably nitpick but
because of the tropes of the time he he
was the stereotypical bully and he was
meant to be the bully and even if you
can point to specific things in the film
you say well really Danny provoked him
us as the audience is supposed to think
of him as the bully you remember that
scene with a dress like skeletons and
they beat the shit out of him yeah he
provoked that by like turning the shower
on on he provoked that right totally now
they're wrong to beat the shit out of
them but up but he only did that because
they did something first no none of that
scene no none of that scene but earlier
they did something like months later go
over it no months or not months not
months later earlier they did something
to provoke Danny doing the water thing
what yeah no I I watched the thing and
it's not that clear it really isn't
Oh yep there is you're right Danny is
the first person to throw a punch Danny
is the first person to throw a punch
yeah well I guess what I'm saying is
they are coded bully as an audience
member
sure for for the shirt for the kids
movie they are the bully so anything
Danny does to them is okay because
they're the bullies but there is also
the other argument is that the dojo
teacher is the real villain of the
credit sure oh absolutely
I even think at the end of that Karate
Kid you're kind of sympathetic towards
where's the bully losing right so now
this is like the hardest of the tribe
this is the hardest of the trials okay
you know cuz he's pushed by the by the
dojo master right kind of like how the
Nerds are terrible people in Revenge of
the Nerds exactly exactly there there's
just like you know and obviously these
are dumb 80s movies and so that like
there's that that like the movie
shorthand you know bullies bad guy nerds
good guy and look I'm I'm just saying
the argument has been made not that I am
100% on board with it
I'm not saying Danny Larusso is terrible
horrible and the real villain I'm just
saying there's there's an argument sure
sure
Bufo know in 1944 says Jackie you are
never allowed to stream detective
Pikachu again I'm fine with that I'm
absolutely fine with that I might I
might play it in my free time but
probably now that that just did not work
out very well that did not work out very
well at all
and I'm okay with that
I used the word tropes so I'm only about
I'm only about halfway through it but I
the thing that stands out of me most is
that first episode of Cobra Kai yeah
extremely effective oh okay that's good
oh so okay so here's the issue with our
green screen you just noticed it got all
fizzy and greeny right and it got all
fizzy and greeny when the big TV that's
right in front of us went to all black
because we're no longer getting that
light source and so the the reason why
we have green screen issues is because
we have a giant television in front of
us we're gonna we're gonna start this
again okay so up as you see it gets
darker and so now we no longer have that
light from the TV coming in to us and we
have a different camera today because
Jack was an idiot and forgot the nice
camera at his house my problem
so actually hold on I'll see what I can
do to fix this oh yes mess with the
lighting that's worse that's far worse
oh okay terrible at our jobs we are
terrible at our jobs
we're not the best I don't think we're
terrible and yes Cobra Kai references
that Danny's came Creek kick himkick
crane kick yeah at the end of the
illegal event I'm playing the game and
my attention is split the Cobra Kai does
reference that the crane kick it uses at
the end of the Karate Kid
wasn't a legal move it's totally easily
kicks him in the fucking face it is not
it is not ignored by the show some kind
of looks alright that should fix most of
the green-screen issues I turned up the
ambient light so that should be that
should help miss Cobra Kai a sequel to
Karate Kid yes yeah - all of them - the
Scott Baio not Scott Baio Ralph Macchio
Karate Kid yes it has it has the same
actors in it right uh yeah it's even the
same actors and it's like timeline
appropriate where it's the the same
actors in there this age so now it's
like oh the the the the guys from Karate
Kid are now old men and here's where
they are now
Hilary Swank new Karate Kid does that
take place in the same fictional
universe that one I believe it does
because mr. Miyagi trains her oh where
the the Jaden Smith Karate Kid is just a
reboot cuz that's him in Jackie Chan
right the new I want to say it's called
the new Karate Kid that's one with
Hillary Swank right no that's one wait
yes it's called the new man the reboot
is just the credi kid exactly Oh God I
that's what I believe
I have not seen Hillary Swank you
haven't seen the Hilary Swank one I
haven't seen well I haven't seen that
one ever I did not see her in the covert
guy either
oh okay she I mean you never know Hilary
Swank's weird she might do it
just like I'll be in your episode yeah
I mean they mention the shit out of pat
morita but that's understandable well
absolutely I absolutely agree
ed Oquendo says hey do you guys have any
experience getting a raccoon out of an
attic no asking for a friend
is this something someone can do on
their own or should the landlord get
involved if they have a landlord let the
landlord get involved because raccoons
can be incredibly dangerous and they
could have rabies
so don't fuck around with that oh I
still got you son of a bitch that's
that's horseshit is what that is yeah
Lanta landlord that 100% that is that is
not a renters responsibility
eh that's right QB Eagles QB Eagle says
a bas always be assuming rabies always
when dealing with wild animals just
always assume they have rabies not the
worst advice because ya betta
boo-boo-boo-boo-boo club break boxes yes
is it will all right I need to break all
the boxes
I need almost robbed me gotta get their
meat raw fucking meat
oh wait dagger 18 says hey Jack and rich
what's the dynamic like when you guys
have a guest on best of the worst
do you guys I have to like you know
we've recently the most recent best of
the worst is up now Simon yeah whatever
his last name is do you remember
Simon Simon Simon the the quasi famous
Hollywood writer was on and you know
obviously it's different just because
there's someone new but I don't think
like nothing really changes not really
you know it's like you know we I was
gonna say like the the the only thing
that changes is there's a longer period
before we start watching movies just so
we can all shoot the shit like hey a new
guy to shoot the shit with Simon Barrett
Thank You sinnerman
what is he doing
hopping just hopping that's fine
I'm hop jack uh-huh and I was I was just
really happy I had a really good ball
drop this time really really fantastic
ball drop with the pen so no I have no
idea how Simon ended up here I don't you
know that's not our jobs that's not our
department we show up and we make the
jokes about the movies that's our job
but nice to have him he was fantastic
yes gave it gave us a little gave us a
little prior insight david pryor insight
something we hadn't even accounted for
for as David Pryor does not have nudity
in his movies which given the amount of
like gratuitous cleavage and crotch
shots in deadly workout I was rather
surprised to learn that as soon as it
was shocking yeah and given the amount
of you know like braless 'no sin man
killers but they won't cross the nudity
line i thought that was an interesting
little tidbit good christian folk is
that what they're I'm strongly sure why
not why not man Bing nice shootin rich
thank you
nice you probably shouldn't be using all
my arrows yeah you only have 1312
its effective it is effective but you
know you also have like enough
disposable weapons at this point where
you could throw a couple yeah but I
don't wanna get too close to these guys
sure Aswan slinger says nudity costs
more that's by the way that's a really
reasonable explanation for why they
don't have nudity in their films what
did he shot you know I walked into them
Oh the spikes yeah I like that guess but
he looked like he was really uneasy in
front of the camera well it's it takes
getting used to it legitimately takes
some getting used to to be comfortable
in front of the camera there's a there's
no blaming them for that
oh nice you nice shooting
you did it you did it
everybody's first visit is usually rough
I mean it's it's tough you have to you
have to act natural it's a performance
but you're also just chatting with your
friends I don't know I don't know that's
even true well rich you've been doing
this for how many years how many years
have you been in front of a camera no no
the first visit Fergus isn't always like
for one for one jim's visits have never
not been awkward and that's what makes
Jim great okay that's true that's true
I want to say both Jim and Colin kind of
have a special a special aura about them
that that's great Jim and Colin are
unique
Jimmy go over there Corky that's a
better way to put it yes Jim and Colin
are quirky
fuck me the teddy bear airbag vid that's
a lot of Hearts random lightning strike
really yeah yeah that sucks
due to doomed tiny dwarf says hey have
any of you read or heard about the manga
no I could I don't even need to finish
that because the end I mean for if it's
gonna be now berserk it's a dark fantasy
that inspired games like Dark Souls and
blood-borne it might be something you
guys would be interested to read
probably not
I played we played the game remember the
the dynasty Warriors like right though
so we played a bit of the berserk game
and that's as far as we got with berserk
manga
dudu child of furniture says what are
the earliest what are your earliest
memories of playing video games being a
filthy millennial my earliest earliest
memory is playing Rayman 2 on the ps2
pong and pac-man pong game pac-man oh
yeah these memories pac-man in the
arcade and remember the Atari 2600 sure
which is why I can say it's a piece of
shit sure that's there for me it's pong
my my grandparents had pong for 4 they
had pong 4 which was a standalone
shameless it was pong four different
ways is what it was and it was a
standalone box with two you know
controllers with dials on them and I
lived right next door to my grandparents
and so we would spend a lot of time over
there and they didn't they did not have
many games and so it was pong for and
then you know in my own in my own world
like outside of that probably my
earliest like fully formed memories and
keep in mind that my memory is very very
bad was when we had we had like what
what system did we have growing up you
know like eventually we got a Super
Nintendo and you know we had a Nintendo
but we didn't play the Nintendo super
much but the first system that I really
remember when I was a teenager was
having a Sega Saturn
the first Sega Saturn well that's like
when I'm a teenager it's like I'm really
into playing games we had a Sega Saturn
I'm sure my mother got it at it like a
rummage sale for like ten dollars it's
like hey you like the video games right
and so yeah the first I remember is a
Sega Saturn it we had like gex Scud the
disposable assassin
and like you know a Madden game I'm sure
but the Sega say you know and before
that we had you know we had Super
Nintendo like I remember I remember long
bouts of Super Smash TV and off-road
super off-road we played that a lot but
but a man I remember gex and Scud the
disposable assassin Jack when are you
guys gonna try out detective Pikachu
well dream fapper you might be just
showing up or that could be a joke but
we played it for the first hour of the
stream and decided let's play it anymore
did robbed robbed go around Milwaukee
handing out copies it's good
no but later in life you know if I die
fuck it I'd rather save those items and
cook them do you think yeah when's the
next things you know how close are you
doing cooking close but close button
sure for those who don't who don't know
Scott the disposable assassin is a
popular indie comic book that got turned
into a game define popular the world's
tallest midget right it's right They
Might Be Giants is a popular indie band
like not many people know about him but
you know it's it's in there right it's
it's a scud the disposable assassin it's
out didn't he
am I wrong did he'd not go on to do some
Vader's him was that him was at the same
guy you're thinking you might be
thinking of Honan Vasquez you don't
invest games is that the same guy it's
good no no Rob schrab
went on to I he wrote parts of community
I think okay he's been around
and what has Rob schrab done he did he
did a really fun short called robot
bastard this was like early internet
days he made a he made a little short
called robot bastard and it has like a
cardboard box oh my god
he's on harmontown quite a bit I believe
that what has Rob schrab done he spelled
Rob sure there's Rob truck oh he wrote
Monster House which is a very good movie
he's writes for the Sarah Silverman
program Uncle grandpa Rick and Morty he
writes for Rick and Morty he wrote
right here let's see what he's written
what is he written
oh yeah robot bastard it's great
check out robot bastard if you can but
but in any case so he's a he's actually
from Milwaukee and he with Dan Harmon I
believe were in a improv comedy troupe
here called the dead alewives and later
in life I met some other people who were
in the dead alewives and I I didn't even
know at the time that he's get dad I
ball at the time I didn't even know
that's get there get there I didn't even
know that Scud was based off of a comic
I just thought of it as a video game but
huh
I remember enjoying the video game but I
you did it rich partner half half heart
and a half oh thank you beefcake for
linking to robot bastard isn't really
fun really fun later in life I got the
the the completes Scud the disposable
assassin book and it's really good
really good comic series for anyone
interested dies of lightning strike
that's entirely possible you can do a
rich
now I don't want to miss I know there
are hidden chests with ancient arrows in
them and I don't remember where the fuck
they are oh it's something I could
really use though
sure because I assume you face yeah
I was this another one us another one of
those situations where it's in the walls
oh nice
Oh God lightning Anonymous's hi guys
have any of you heard of a game called
heroines quest heard of it I haven't
played it but I heard a lovely made
tribute to quest of glory series and
it's free on Steam is it free that's
what they're saying like I paid a buck
or two for something to consider for the
next adventure stream well if it's a if
it's an old text adventure yeah that
could be fun heroines quests you made it
you made it to the to the campground
rich I have to not fuck up grabbing my
free life over there right so I don't
want that to fly away so just one of
them yeah oh man rich did he do the
trial dessert no no I have nots brutal
Jack I believe it's brutal you know what
I I went I defeated the I went through
the champions ballad and I got my
motorcycle and then I spent another
approximately five hours just riding
around with my motorcycle yeah cuz it's
awesome
riding around on a motorcycle I wasn't
even doing anything I'd ride around my
motorcycle rescue people from from
goblins and just fuck around in general
and I think I'm done with it now all
right I got my motorcycle and I'm super
happy like there's a couple like
optional quests that I could do like I
still need to find the big horse which I
refuse to look up online like I really
want to find that big horse on my own
but
but riding around on that motorcycle is
intensely fun
I almost wish that I would have it stuff
because like there's no you know once
once you do the the regular champion
stuff you you're kind of doing all a lot
of side quests during the regular divine
beast stuff so you get a lot done but
like you get you get a lot done before
you get your motorcycle yeah and so then
there's not a lot to do with your
motorcycle which sucks cuz it's awesome
I can bomb the fish for easy fishing
that's so not a terrible idea
bagel might need wood for fire sure sure
why not yes link on a motorcycle it's
it's really awesome it's really great
it's really great driving around on your
motorcycle then flipping off your
motorcycles shooting people in slow-mo
with your arrows you can do like burning
off your motorcycle it just helps you
it's rude also you can use it just like
you can you can do burnouts and like
skid and stuff and so then you could
just like run into people's ski and run
into him again
I almost defeated an entire one of those
big guys called again the cyclopses hi
necks
I almost defeated an entire hi not just
by motorcycling him it was great it was
great
yeah Pikachu's on a smoke break dad
jokes from rich I'm I am of that age
wait what did you joke did I miss it I'm
sorry I thought you were no selling it
no I just missed him I just thought you
thought it was the dumbest thing in the
world I know I completely I completely I
shouted you for being rude for flipping
off your motorcycle oh my god now I wish
I would have left it alone because I'm I
just didn't need that in my life that
was that's a horrible joke oh yeah
you're talking about that was an amazing
Chuck Sarah Chen says sorry if mentioned
already but will you be doing champions
ballad one of the shrines is kind of
bullshit but the final boss is and the
motors and the final boss and the
motorcycle are kind of fun or if you did
already thought so hey we just got into
that serie if I do really well on this I
might you might go try yeah yeah are you
done with your divine beasts yeah I I
can just load up my the file where I
beat the game oh sure sure the the one
hit obliterators stuff is pretty
difficult but you can use your bow and
arrow so it's fairly easy to cheese all
the rest of it is really neat a lot of
hunting a lot of like you know figuring
stuff out and find in shrines and
whatnot
listen I know plenty of dad jokes like
like rich did you ever hear the story of
inch me and pinch me no they went down
to the lake and inch me fell in so who
was left the other one I mean you give
them a little pinch you see it should be
him pitch me and that was it pickle me
and tickle me no no I don't think I
would ever want to say pickle me it
might not be pickle me but something in
tickle I mean you're the make it Hickel
me if you really wanted there you go hit
go me and tickle me sure what's wrong
with pickle me I I would not want to
invite anyone to pickle me I don't know
what that means but anything it means I
think is negative would be negative to
my body
who were these old men
I missed the rad dudes we had before I
was never a bad dude
I don't know what you've been watching
you were watching a totally different
stream cuz yeah that ain't us
that ain't ask my friend yes Dukie
rampage I did figure out up dog I hope I
told that joke to my kids recently the
the up dog joke yeah and it just did not
register with them yeah yeah don't you
guys think it smells like up dog in here
and fight like after after a few
attempts you know like they'd go what
huh like I'm talking it really smells
like up dog after a few attempts the
older one finally goes what's up dog man
nothing much what's up with you then
what'd he do and he went like this he
went the appropriate response what I
just don't think anything registered
with him or is that what are you talking
about that's not what I asked and I was
like what's up you know like I had to
kind of slow it down for him a little
bit of the comp camel
the children were not amused with updog
it's true it's very true they were not
amused with updog but you know I was and
isn't that all that's important lava
worlds yeah interesting
what lava world interesting interest the
most predictable world of a nice world
what's well what's what's interesting
about it is that lava world will slowly
take down your hearts right
I have flame pants on oh okay oh I
thought it was interesting because now
they were adding a ticking ticking I
know you're saying interesting as if it
were a novel and new idea Oh
lava world in general no no no get out
of town
no I was just thinking for the game mode
like what if they put a clock on it you
know like oh now they're really ramping
up the difficulty is what I meant by
interesting yes rich has flame pants on
Oh yep you know the trick you know the
trick for anyone who doesn't know if you
got a rusty weapon throw it to these
motherfuckers and they a bitch trying to
get hit by it I think yeah I thought you
just had to print it hit a and it
wouldn't catch it like a boomerang oh
but I guess not
I got parently not if you have rusty
weapons you can throw them to these guys
though they'll chew them up and spit out
a nice brand new clean weapon for you
but also be careful
oh can you get it now also apparently
you got to grab it in time where it even
go oh shit it's in front of you
nice nice where the lightsabers this is
not the modded version that's supple
we rich has no lightsabers I wouldn't
put a fucking one said where my game
anyway no you just get some cool outfits
the the the mods for this game oh oh
well now the mods for this game do look
very very exciting a lot of cool outfits
well a lot of stuff I would just want in
the regular all of stuff I'm surprised
aren't in the regular game like a team
you got like a Giga Klan outfit like why
isn't that in the regular game that
seems like a no-brainer
rusty weaponers an honor
rusty
beefcake says come on Jack try an
emulator you know you wanted to it's not
perfect emulation there it's a little
bit glitchy here and there but I think
it's terribly neat and a work in
progress and the models on no and I did
I like the idea like I was reading a few
articles about some of these like are
you one of the ice ones are you I mean
fire ones are you just normal after a
souvenir fire ones right fire yeah that
means by be dead I was reading some
stuff on the modding community in
general and you know some some people
now get into modding almost as a as a
resume builder you know like hey let me
show you the mods I've made for games
like to show you that I have experience
making stuff and I think that's really
neat I'm sure that's happened before but
but I yeah you know
fuck that hurt that hurt I work for free
hire me and make me work 80-hour
workweeks
oh I know the there's no there's a lot
of bad in the creative industry we we
like to abuse ourselves
that being said you there there there
does need to be a way to prove your
worth to a company before you're hired
did not want to be using some of my
major health items this early cause one
stupid hit right the only thing with the
mods I see so far is that very few
things add things and most just replace
things so it's a give and take there's a
little bit limited what you just can do
mm-hmm
yeah but also like you know there's a
lot of cosmetic mods it's like hey give
link an outfit because I do think that's
nice
I think that's neat like hey I just want
link to look different or wearing a
different outfit and that's part of the
fun of modding but the other part is
like what rich was talking about before
is changing core gameplay mechanics that
you don't necessarily like make it so
you can't slip when it rare you know
make it so it never rains make it so
that your weapons have unlimited
durability just you know change things
up a bit there there are some
interesting ways to muck with the game
for better or for worse
beyond cosmetic mods Santa's skin or is
it it might exist there's a there's a
full-on Goku skin for breath of the wild
haha sure sure
there's a Wario skin that's actually
really high-quality
and said like that's one of those things
that's like okay that's just fun I would
just want to see a cutscene where the
princess is like flirting with Wario
that'd be great holy crud nope pumpkin
pie twitch says there's a mod where you
get to play the game as Zelda instead of
link for the entire game that's drivin
that's that's been making the the news
cycle recently and they're incredibly
detailed mods full new voice work oh you
kidding me where did that go oh they
must have gotten caught in a wind caught
the one thing it could get caught on
oh nice the double hit
nice job rich excellent you have
excellent job there's a big debate in
game producing circles to what degree
they should let players change core game
mechanic most are against letting them
change things like weapon durability and
rain skipping slipping mechanics and
fuck them if it's single-player game
fuck them
here here's I think there's there's a
there's a pro nakhon to this what one is
you know what gamers are looking for is
an experience like you know give me the
hurdle and I will try to get over it
as a as a challenge if you could decide
on the height of the hurdle you might
just lower it and then it wouldn't be as
fun a challenge do we know if the
motorcycle can be summoned in the trials
I don't have the motorcycle yet I
haven't done the champions ballot yet so
I have no idea that's a good question I
guess I would assume not
don't fuck the something don't you
fucked up you fucked it up but Jack is
wrong most mods make games harder well
the the question is is like do you want
a curated experience or do you want to
fiddle with so many controls that it's
your game and then yes it's not I think
what I'm saying is I think you want both
you know you want the ability to
customize but you also want a curated
experience you want someone to say this
is the hurdle and I want you to jump
over it
make everything pile right I think some
games go a little too far with the
custom customizable difficulty settings
I was playing Wii I was playing game a
while back that I wanted us to do for
for a review called oh god what was it
called with the with the robots and it
was called sir you are being hunted and
it was a first person first person like
stealth game oh oh
that's heartbreaking Oh still sucks
it's a first-person stealth game where
robots are hunting you and it's it's an
incredibly difficult game right off the
get-go but sir you are being hunted has
this Excel spreadsheet full of
customizable difficulty settings and I'm
sure you know like you can choose how
often robots spawn where they spawn the
randomized elements of what kind of
robots you can get the the difficulty
curve that there's a million different
ways to customize the the experience to
the point where probably in there
somewhere is the perfect balance of a
game but it would just be it would take
too much time excuse me what you're
saying is some people are too lazy to
fiddle with things to improve their own
experience and then some people are PC
gamers and and some designers are too
lazy and they say instead of us figuring
out well let the players figure it out
and to the detriment of the game and
instead of us figuring out the best way
for you to do it and you guys you figure
it out you sum these tools you make it
work
so I'm Gaga I'm trying to say I see both
angles alright what robot game is it
it's called sir you are being hunted and
there is Fault fault fault I just don't
understand oh sure there is there's a
core of a really neat idea and sir you
are being hunted but I I didn't I didn't
take the time with all of the all of the
fiddling with the difficulty settings
no I don't I don't think sir you are
being hunted is is worth it in the long
run even though like it has a couple
neat little nuggets of ideas Rock
Monster
I mean you got you got the ice plate so
you're good
nice hahaha very nice on my MyLink has
three full rings of stamina yeah and so
yeah I just I can just go out there
let's go up the spin spin till he's dead
it's great spin till he's dead oh I
missed one of the ancient arrow thanks
to is in the last area I'm all kinds of
fucking up you did what I missed
ancient arrows chest oh oh well shit
looks like there's some exploding stuff
in here
very positive reviews on Steam diet
there's something in there and I'm
betting if oh those are just up drafts
also chat games are not arts I really
don't give a fuck about disrupting the
game designers vision if I want a mod
some shit games are absolutely art but
there should be no problem with you
adding to someone's art like mod that
that games being art that has nothing to
do with modding I don't think like
taking someone's art and making your own
thing out of it is kind of core to the
art process alright
you know I'm okay with you know remix
INRI fixing games can be arty arty but
I'm not gonna call pong art and belong
is definitely a game I'm sure given time
I could come up with an arty farty
bullshit to pong but that's like putting
a turd on the Mona Lisa that guess what
that's art man you take a picture of the
Mona Lisa and you paint a little fart
tube coming out of the back that's art
and that's okay if I bought a copy yeah
Mona Lisa and I got a hanging in my
living room
I can fucking smear shit on it if I want
absolutely absolutely rich I absolutely
agree but but also games are art so yeah
absolutely hundred percent I think I'm
largely in line with John Carmack okay
what does he say Anna
he's talking about stories specifically
but I modified to say art in a game and
you know you expect it to be there but
it's not necessary to the experience
well you know I to me all art is is the
expression of a of an idea or a feeling
and so even pong is just like as the
expression of tennis like it's still
like there's an art in there am I
allowed to do modifications to my car of
course isn't your car art somebody
designed that sure is in a sense I'm
sure yeah you could do that yeah you
could make that you could definitely
make that argument
move this stone smash out
Counter Strike started as a half-life oh
that's that's the big one that's
actually the one I was thinking about
earlier when I was talking about modders
getting real jobs it is easy
counter-strike started as a half-life
mod and then what Team Fortress 2
started as a counter-strike mod and is
that the the escalation or Team Fortress
the Team Fortress classic started as a
as a mod - a thing and yeah Oh Team
Fortress was a mod to half-life as well
okay that's what it was the point is
there there's not there is absolutely
nothing wrong with all of these twiki
difficulty settings except I also think
there is a there is good in a curated
experience if we if we get a place where
there are gamers against modding no are
there is that one but not everyone just
a couple comments thanks it shouldn't
change their artistic idea I'm just
thinking like back in the day its
software man they they wholly embraced
mods man yeah my the shit Ivan here's
here's the fucking source code yeah man
that's cool right and then you get
brutal doom oh right no I don't think
there's anything I can't imagine anyone
being against modding like because you
you get both like you get the author's
original intent and also the ability to
futz with it
there have always been purists says dark
fucking idiot oh you didn't cook any of
your food rich I can I can do this I can
do this oh I can do this
oh boy oh you have wood so you can at
least like grill you don't have a pot oh
wait no there's a pot oh your ass just
got saved they have a cooking pot all
rich sweet mercy sweet mercy sweet mercy
cheese it up eep-eep eep-eep eep-eep I
had my first instance of teaching my
children the joy of cheese in video
games the other day we've been playing
through as a family we've been playing
through lovers in a dangerous space-time
which is a lot like affordable space
adventure it's like a co-op on the same
screen you all control different parts
of the same ship and the kids have been
absolutely loving it they they really
dig it and it's a it's a really fun game
but we got to the final boss and the
final boss we defeated crazy easy
because we were hardcore cheese in him
and and I blurted I was like ah man we
cheese that guy just kind of
instinctively Mike exactly what's cheese
and I was like let me tell you kids let
me tell you about cheese I was like we
see how we defeated the boss there
that's probably not what the what the
game makers wanted us to do cuz we
defeated him really easily and they're
like huh huh I was like so yeah we did
we did some of those and they were
really there's white cheese what is the
origin that that's a great question
white cheese well either color on the TV
change now it's all blue so our green
screens gonna get all freaked out we
gotta do something about that
we could turn the big lights on it's
something we could do I mean I know
temporarily but I mean in the long run
something that doesn't suck for us and
also gives us a nice green screen what
we could do what we would need is a
dedicated light just on the green screen
so like you know we have our LEDs here
for a nice soft light for us but if we
had lights specifically on the green
screen so if like if we pulled the chair
and the couch closer to the TV and
there's a little bit of space behind us
for a light to shine up on the green
screen then the TV light wouldn't affect
it you dig he digs
yeah then we would get a little edge
light on us and the green screen would
have a light on it that would be strong
enough to not be affected by the TV's
which is just what I'm doing is just
terrible
you're winning rich it's just terrible
it's it's not it's not fancy it's not a
fancy winrich but you're doing it
now don't forget to cook yep
nice
we know MLG Freeman that you care more
about the things we have to say rather
than our occasional green screen hiccups
but rich is correct we are professionals
so we need to have a pro fashion all set
up I bet there something we can do well
I'll think of a solution there's what
I'm saying okay I will think you know
cuz the other thing is you know we don't
have a ton of space in here and it needs
to be something that we can control
easily but I bet I could think of an
easy solution of a simple solution that
all that work sneaky meat
uncle video says what a different camera
lens help with the green screen Jack I
created an opportunity to talk endlessly
about lenses no no you know normally we
don't use this camera you will use a
nicer camera but I think what the
problem is is for rich in eyes eyeball
enjoyment we do keep it relatively dark
here in our streaming room we use a
couple LED lights and we shine the light
on the ceiling so there's a darker
ambient light in the screening room or
in the streaming room here but what that
means is the light from the television
is equally as bright as the light from
our ambient lights so it affects the
green screen when the light changes on
the TV so it has nothing to do with the
lens it just has to do with the darkness
of the room so we need a way to evenly
light the green screen without it
bothering rich and I and without it
affecting you know too much plus I'm
thinking if we get some sort of LED
strip or panel that we can like lay on
the floor and have like a little you
know switch that we can hit something
that will shine up to the green screen
to make it be a nice light bright source
on the green screen it won't affect our
eyeballs too much and then the TV won't
affect it is what I am assuming breena's
guys has just put a light behind you
yeah that's what we'd base with very
little space behind us well that's the
other thing like we're right up against
the wall so we'd have to move up a
little bit but a thin LED strip I bet I
bet I can put something together
very slowly melting the ice coz rich
doesn't want to use his fire rule
because the more you use it the more
likely to break so he's this is also a
cheese tactic no it's not cheese
that's not she's couldn't who's Jack
Iron Fist season 2 has finished filming
I saw the Luke Cage season 2 trailer
looks good that that might be good looks
like there's a they I'm hoping they pump
up the action a little bit
well I see if I can fix this swarm of
bees I just made this one with bees
worse so that means this way will make
it better there I did it I fixed it
you're welcome everyone I liked Jessica
Jones season 2 yeah what he's one of the
hard ones he's one of the hard ones yeah
listen I see a nice winner is he a white
one I think he's just a nice 100 easy
yeah josh foreman has a sculpting stream
yeah I think I would like that I did I
do dig art streams I like I just like
you know just watching people do
creative shit I think that's great I
think that's great thanks for sharing
Josh Foreman where where were you gents
Roberto says hey did you see that stream
tip is shutting down on may 25th I
picked up the cheaper El Gato internal
capture card and it worked well so far
no noticeable issues in case you were
shopping around we are we're kind of
lazily keeping our mind open for that
and yes I do know that stream tip is
shutting down beefcake I did get your
email sorry I have not respond applied
to I've been editing all weekend
questions why why you stream tips
shutting down I think you I think it was
kind of a community based you know it
was a passion project and they're just
obviously not making okay making money
off of him which which is fair so for
until a better option comes available we
will be switching over to the bits we'll
be switching over to the bits from
Twitch's bits
now oh now you fixed jerk just went to
fix you will be switching over to bits
which you can buy through twitch and
beefcake is working on a way to archive
our bit messages and so it will work
hopefully very similar to stream tip
where we can kind of bunch up your your
your bit tips to bits have any strings
attached you the way bits work is you
buy them through twitch so you know if
you spend $10 you get like a thousand
bit source I don't know how it works I
think I think it's a dollar per hundred
bits but I honestly don't know and then
you get to choose how many bits you give
to a streamer and so you know if you buy
a thousand bits you can spread them
through several streamers you can't be
refunded you can't be refunded scammed
through twitch bits well know you that
yeah you know one can scam you with bits
they can't give you bits and then ask
for their money back once you give the
bits we got the bits twitch bits not
twitch tips right so twitch gets the
money first you give us the bits and
then instead of us immediately having
that money that comes to us with our
regular twitch revenue check it's a
whole thing it's a whole to do
but it's what we're gonna do we're gonna
switch over to the bits take his weapon
away you're going to take a huge hit
with bits over stream labs I'd I'll have
to look into stream labs because we
already use stream labs for some things
and but I don't think stream labs has a
tipping thing do they or do this I don't
that wasn't a question for you that was
just a question for the chat you're you
just keep doing I'm just talking
nicely done
nicely done oh they do it well if they
do then I will have to I will look into
stream labs then Oh cuz if they use
PayPal as well then I might just do that
no okay I'll do that that was that was
that was it no I feel like I was in a
fight jack you you did the fight right
she won what we already have a thing
tell me money alright well I I will look
into stream labs then apparently that is
a thing to do the the it's a it's a
given a take because PayPal takes a cut
like if you tip us right now through
stream tip or through stream labs PayPal
takes a cut if you stream up if you tip
us through twitch bits twitch takes a
cut so it won't assuming you all give
the same amount of money it will be
equal for us every tip service takes a
cut right Master Kenobi that's how
they're able to you know keep their
servers into acting enable us to take
the tips so all right so I'm missing
three ancient arrows and they're going
to be very important sure how many of
you fight at the end here I'm excited
I'm excited to see how this ends up
twitch takes a huge cuts from bits oh
shit well I'll look into that I'm gonna
look into this whole stream land it's
pushing them shits they like the bits
also though I do like that which exists
in general yeah I like that right which
they
provide the platform in which we utilize
and so let me go over to you - it's fine
I don't want to Amazon B's O's has
plenty of money but he don't he don't
like Sharon B's oh saying in the sharin
business Sharon's not how you make money
right oh shit can I mail you a check No
do not mail me a check
pieces of bozo he's made some things
that are very popular and profitable you
know I'm a dummy would you do
I should have much earlier there was a
korek leaf that dropped yeah I should
have taken it what would that have done
good for you yeah think outside the box
Jack oh you know what good that would
have done okay
explain you know I'm using my electric
sword to make them drop their weapons
yeah make them drop their weapon I
grabbed the weapon they drop and then I
drop a Corrick life what do you think
the enemy's gonna do the the enemy
probably registers the korok leaf as a
weapon and so they will go to pick it
and then they will fan me I am a big
dummy dum-dum and I eyed shied myself
for not thinking of that earlier that's
great
ooh you know what that could work for me
Anonymous is Jack can you remind me of
what indeed turn-based RPG you mentioned
you were excited for and do you intend
to stream it oh I can fell is the indie
turn-based RPG is the one I am excited
for I believe it
I can fell I ke n fel L is how you spell
it
I confess and it's like a wizard school
turn-based RPG looks neat I think it'll
be neat I don't know if it would be a
good streaming game but I intend on
playing it
oh my god oh my god
Rick it's over it's basically over
yeah Oh didn't even see it coming
oh it's terrible rich yeah I know I
fucked up by letting him get the
blizzard Robbie oh well I let him get
the blizzard rod and that's what killed
me gotcha gotcha gotcha
valiant blood shot said who would win in
a fight between Don Wilson and Don
beverage well Don beverage is real rich
assuming they were both real I think Don
Wilson would definitely win Don Wilson
would not care about any sort of
fighting etiquettes or you know rules of
engagement he would go straight for the
nuts and throat Don Wilson would use any
object around him as a weapon and I'm
sure Don Wilson is the type of man who
carries shattered glass around in his
pocket
Daan beverage ain't no fightin man
huff heart it says hey fellas
is there a gameplay style that would
annoy you to watch I had a roommate who
played hours of racing games but only so
they could paint the cars different
colors he never raced not once well the
person enjoyed the fucking game if you
don't like it don't watch it I can see
how in a roommate situation that might
get upsetting but you know then you go
to your room and do your own things but
you know shared living spaces are hard
sometimes
probably should have farmed some arrows
but shit happens yeah and I did not do
that like I could see how you know
people might be annoyed with me you know
just dressing up the XCOM soldiers I get
that I get that but you know that was
fun for me I get what you're getting
around to me I don't think I would I
don't think I would ever want to watch
someone play like a puzzle game that I
was intending on playing because then
you know the answer to the puzzle yeah
like if it's an action game like this I
I don't I wouldn't have a problem with
that because anything anybody can handle
that differently but but yeah there are
certain games I wouldn't want to watch
just because I wouldn't want the puzzles
spoiled for me what oh you're in water
then climb the fucking tree while I
climb the fucking tree
will I ever do the master sword trials
maybe right now I've maxed out on breath
of the wild I'm good on Zelda for maybe
another year and then maybe next year
I'll pick it up again and do the master
sword trials and and try again but now
I'm good I got I got another hog man I
think I got another 60 hours of breath
of the wild in me and that's that's
great
just from know Plus because I probably
got another 100 hours nice put away I
swear I got another I got another 60
hours of the main game and then I
probably got another at least 50 hours
of of Champions ballad and just fucking
around on the motorcycle so I'm really
happy with it so over over a hundred
extra hours of breath of the wild is
great so I don't know if I will ever do
the master sword trials but we'll see
all right let's not do some of the
stupid shit this time just some of it
still do a little bit of stupid chin
because you know it's entertaining
so far the DLC is worth the DLC and this
is very worth it
these these add a ton of stuff and like
you know beyond the the games that it
adds just III can't count the amount of
hours I got in of just treasure hunting
all those bonus outfits that was great
is just lad just walking around Hyrule
looking for treasure though to be fair I
wish I would have waited until after the
champions ballad so I could have ridden
my motorcycle to go treasure hunting
that's what I should have done I should
have gotten my motorcycle first and then
found all the treasure but totally worth
it Hunter's 5000 no actually I haven't
played any more slay the spire since we
streamed at that one time I'm gonna wait
until that character at least makes it
to to the official non howdy baton until
it gets out of beta yeah it's neat so
I'm looking forward to playing that
character but I'm gonna wait I'm gonna
wait I really like that you can refuel
your motorcycle like mr. fusion oh yeah
and I had a shit ton of rocks so it was
really easy for me to refuel
it eats up a lot of fuel though way more
than you think it wouldn't but that's
fine
mark of the ninja remastered coming to
all platforms that's exciting
that's exciting did you all see the news
today about steam link with your mobile
devices you know in a in a in a
announcement that I may enjoy and I may
get absolutely no use out of let's make
some new mistakes attending a class you
can fail in new and interesting ways
rich those early I wanna give it well
what time we start we got well yeah
because we quit Pikachu early Pikachu a
little we probably have another hour of
stream if you want to move on to
champions ballad or if you want to keep
going it's it's all your rich just keep
going okay so so coming soon with the
steam app on your mobile device on your
phone or tablet
it's only a rage quit when you're raging
that's true if you're not raging it's
just quitting and really rich isn't
quitting he's just restarting he thinks
he can do it better and so that's fine
so what you can do what you can do now
rich yeah is it if you have like let's
say you have an iPad yeah and you have
the steam app you can now play games
from your computer to your iPad which
some people might get into might get use
of how the fuck is that gonna control
you can use a controller and so like
it'll it'll probably only work for what
what what's the fucking point
well I you know not for every game but
I'm sure there are some games where it
would be fine I I don't quite see the
use in in it totally uh like will ever
for me for example my you know my gaming
PC is in my office right
but this will also work with Apple TVs
and so something I could do is start a
game in my office and then move to my
couch and play that same game on my TV
without having to move my tower which
could be nice yeah this is a new way to
remote play your games through your
mobile devices
who's gonna Bo farm some mayor let's not
be dumb this time well that was just
shit Locke that was just absolute shit
not shit luck why would you move at all
because I don't have a couch in my
office and so I could you know I could
play my PC games on my big TV and
theoretically with a strong enough
connection it would be seamless gameplay
I'm literally standing right in front of
you there you go whoo-hoo farming arrows
it's some hard day's work when I put a
couch in my office is a small a small
office I don't need a couch my office
but that just sounds like this it's
basically the steam link but you don't
have to buy another thing it'll work
with the objects you already have so
instead of buying the steam link and
hooking up with a steam link to your TV
it will already work with your Apple TV
or possibly your Roku or with your iPad
so you know your your your into a really
great game but all of a sudden you got
it you got to go number two let's just
take the game to go you take the game to
go where you just do number two and come
back to it what if you're having such a
good time you can't you can't even put
it
I don't understand you people said to me
the the couch gaming argument makes a
lot of sense I think there there is a
fair argument with that but I can't even
put it down web no he's gonna have to
wipe but the edge of his tablet you go
through tablets a lot faster this way
which is you know that's the downside I
love that your major argument for mobile
gaming is you could play on the toilet
well that's the truth I always comes
back to playing on the toilet now mobile
gaming obviously you get to take on the
go this this one is a little more
limited because it's steam link so you
need a strong Wi-Fi connection on the
same you needed a Wi-Fi connection on
the same network and so this is far more
limited than just mobile gaming I think
the use people are gonna get out of this
is streaming PC games to their living
room is is one of the big draws or you
know like let's say you started an XCOM
2 game but you're ready for bet you know
you want to go to bed but you don't
necessarily want to go to sleep yet so
you bring out your tablet and you lay in
bed and you play a little XCOM on your
tablet streaming through your PC is it
worth it I don't know
love them I have a link says hunchback
jack esteem link and use it all the time
but it's a bit clunky to use a software
only solution it would be really neat
well then there you go and so not only
can you play games through the app now
but steam is really pushing their video
service you know you can buy movies and
shows through Steam now and so I think
this is another way for steam to to push
that market like hey you can buy a game
on Steam and now you can watch it not on
your computer yeah we're gonna it's
gonna cost $1,000 a month at some point
just to see all of the different shows
they're making
yeah we're rapidly heading there we
really I got a streaming service no I've
got a streaming service well I have a
show that's exclusive to my streaming
service I'm I'm Fox I own 8 video
services subscribe to each of them
yeah at one point you just gotta say
nope like that hi I'm Hulu we have abs
for some reason and you got to pay for
it he's both
why cuz why not why do we have as and
you pay for it cuz his will you'll
fucking pay for it we know you'll pay
for it you already do
you'll pay for it you want to watch that
you missed that show you missed it but
you want to watch it don't you yeah
don't you want to watch him give me
money first time on Twitch is this
actually live what why would we pre
record this other than the name would
make you think we wouldn't previously
record this what good would it do to
like what benefits to us would it be to
pre-record it make a video and then play
the video would there be any benefit to
us maybe maybe I gotta concentrate
occasionally here captain jerk says and
Jack wonders why people pirate no I
don't wonder why people pirate I just
don't
pirate myself I understand fully why
people pirate I just don't do it myself
you could record several in one day I
think I think just one day it would be
like like three streams worth maybe
that'd be very silly or you know we
screwed twice a week we could just do a
couple every week that's true just take
one wait like if we if we if we really
wanted to rich we take one solid week of
streaming and get like two months of
streams done really we wouldn't be
talking about anything topical we
wouldn't have any interaction with the
chat and we'd run out of things to talk
about really quickly so like normal so
exactly like normal exactly
I do I do owe you a stream oh you never
got that makeup in well because at my
editing got pushed back oh yeah
and so you know I was I was planning on
a Tuesday morning stream but if I didn't
stream I could get the episode done
uh-huh and so I decided to get the
episode done which I think was the right
call but I do still owe you a morning
stream and I work on them I'll
absolutely work on them possibly Friday
don't think the right gesture fine you
know what we'll fine fine fine
possibly Friday no me no I'm sorry I'm
sorry I'm talking about a morning stream
okay I know some of y'all like them
morning streams they're usually pretty
chill got to find a game to play that's
my room that's my big problem right now
is I don't necessarily feel like playing
anything at the moment
yeah usually you know and then when you
get a nice morning stream going get some
coffee play a silly game talk about shit
it's good times
doo-doo-doo-doo
rich yeah it says at - Quinta what's
your favorite and most hated
construction projects for Harlem what's
that one thing did you like building
those I know what I've hated any of the
construction projects nothing was a
super chore for you well the mountains
said when we had a big paper mache
Mountain that was paying the ass oh when
you were when you were redoing that
special effects for gorillas interrupted
uh no that was those tiny miniature we
did a big scale when Mike and Jay were
climbing Mount Everest for some reason
oh and they did a review on Mount
Everest and it was basically a set that
I had to build out of paper mache and
then paint that was pain in the ass okay
well there you go anything you were
particularly proud of when I got aboard
the plane Qaeda board is also the nerd
crew table I'm super proud of the nerd
crew table it's a fine table rich fine
table
that was to scale yes apparently I
assumed that was the miniature and then
they they did some compositing work but
nope to scale plink header board is
great the putting header board is above
and beyond yeah it's a thing of beauty
also the new wheel but the nerd crew
table I think is understated yes that's
flashy as a blanket oh it's not well
that's the problem it's super nice and
it's curved and I'm super proud of that
the the nerd crew table well and I also
think they just can't see the nerd crew
table that's all of the shit on top
that's true we need a special
behind-the-scenes featurette of the nerd
crew table
it's like riches most awesome work
it is the plinky report is not a
miniature the plain keto board is that's
probably a joke button whatever the
wheel I also think is the new wheel is a
thing of beauty and I hope I hope people
love and respect the new wheel oh yeah
the new wheels pretty great sir pretty
good-looking
anonymous is Jack freelance question
I turned down