Adventures in Babysitting (pt 2)
April 22, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cFWp2Jx0jc0

how how think valiant bloodshot says hey
guys I ninja versus the valiant universe
finally came out and it's ok not great
but it ok you guys plan on watching it
it's very schlocky so it might be your
thing watching it does a video is it a
video oh wow I might ninja act versus
the value universe I they tried to turn
in Jack and like a Deadpool like I don't
know anything about an injector well
yeah I read some valiant but I read the
first few issues of nin Jack when it was
a thing in the 90s the very first time
it was literally James Bond dozen in Joe
yeah I don't read nin Jack and I don't
read a blood shot so I don't know
anything about named Jack so I had that
hasn't been high up on my priority list
says I had doubts about God of War it
starts out good then ramps up and
becomes great make sure to upgrade the
skill that lets you shield bash after
parrying and you'll send enemies fly
just did that the the the shield bash is
really nice yeah dick
so Batman without the bat well I can't
comment on modern min Jack I don't I
don't know how much if at all the
concept has changed but kind of only
less fighting crime and more
doing spy stuff
spice stuff
ninjas great sounds great
it all sounds great Jack the stripper
dd7 said last year I'm at a joke
donation that rich hopefully got a more
on stream I can't believe it's actually
coming true Jack please let rich hold
the controller for one second to
complete the dream okay wait now yeah
there you go you just played God of War
oh my god yeah I'm inverted and then
press trying go bring it back meat I'm
not gonna get sick I got kids man if
anything I got rich sick leg the the
germs on me are what got rich sick in
the first place
god of war was great because I got to
see titties when I was 10
haha somebody in the chat ha ha right
this is this day and age of the Internet
is that is that even a thing anymore no
you can see titties whenever you want
I'm just all thousands of them thousands
of this everywhere the most photographed
thing in the world
titties there was a time man entire
entire movie universes were based off of
like the the 30 seconds of titties
alright so we go like this and I'm gonna
go down and then call it back
there we go hopefully not an odd number
of them hey you putting are you putting
down Total Recall yeah think about it
think about it I was very confused for a
lot of my childhood because of Total
Recall kept expecting there to be more
of them though one was clearly made out
of paper mache up here ma che let my kid
go Oh what are you doing down there
weird kid
right-ho juice is on the subject of
Greek gods yeah
have either of you played apathy um it's
an action RPG where you must kill the
gods of Olympus because they're being
dickheads the art style is Greek pottery
mm-hmm I have not I think I remember
hearing about that
I think I remember hearing about that no
I didn't play it
what am I thinking of as Tezz that was
like the the 2d brawler that that was
like black and white like an Aztec
fighter maybe that's what I'm thinking
about no idea that look like a neat game
wars are fought for two things survival
or advantage battles may be won by the
better soldier wars are won by those who
are willing to sacrifice everything to
ensure victory I just wanna know why
that boat isn't spinning because he's so
strong that's not that would just make
it spin faster that's not how physics
works he's so strong that he can just
pump on one side subtitles please oh
yeah you're right
I had them turned off for me at home
okay they're on sorry about that all
right I got to figure out this puzzle
I'll say it again this game is the video
game equivalent of Oscar bait look at
that way
I don't disagree reinforcements ah dang
it
I gonna die Oh what where's my ex this
game deal with health you have to find
it this is not regenerating health
finding it is randomized it's like
sometimes in pots sometimes you get it
from downed enemies it's not like III
was kind of hoping for this is gonna
sound down madhavi's but I was kind of
hoping for something akin to doom where
the more you kill the more health you
get but it doesn't always work like that
two three
I have combos but I don't apparently I
don't have the right I don't have all
the timing down in that's my favorite
move where you just really big and dumb
swing your axe obviously jack is playing
on normal yeah like balance difficulty
is what is what it's called someone who
wants a challenge and the doing health
system that sent devises a very specific
kind of play the God of War developers
do not have gotcha
yes but it's kind of play the Jag wanted
that's what to be the issue well and you
know for God of War being a being a
fighter being being it would work
through matically with Kratos as someone
who as someone who is very violent
incentivizing violence it would it would
work somatic aliy in this situation I
understand that not every game needs to
be doom just would have been uh would
have been nice like they have a they
have a visceral kill system in this
they have a visceral kill system and so
and it's the game's fault for not being
what Jack wants yes because what you
want will be more fun you're saying well
what I would want would be more action
orientated I feel yeah and you know I
think it would work I'm not saying I'm
not saying they're wrong for their
choices I'm just saying kind of what I
expected and why I'm upset that they'd
miss them miss them you watch out
now and like I said they have a similar
visceral kill system huh so again I was
kind of I was expecting but health it
has never really been an issue you just
you know because there's not there's not
really any extended fights you don't
know the style puzzles so that you don't
like Zelda puzzles what what's all the
puzzles and I've been Zelda style
puzzles in this knife you kindness them
there's puzzles there are puzzles it's
not that I don't mind them I don't know
if they necessarily fit into the again
and you know I this is God of War mm-hm
and so you kind of come in with with
some expectations because it's got a for
and I understand they're kind of playing
with some of those expectations like
this isn't the God of War you know but
at the same time it's got a war you want
it to be a violent thing right and the
wisdom to use it for good she found
purpose in protecting the weak and so
like if there were these kind of puzzles
in an earlier god of war people might
have said whoa that was a really fit
with the awesome action people are
saying God of War had the originals had
puzzles did they I played the first one
did it not stand out as much because
there was a portion aliy much more
action that's possibly possibly
boy they had lots of puzzles how old how
many years ago was this how do you
expect me to remember this from years
and years ago I'm just never I've only
played part of the first one so how many
how many you when did the first god of
war come out someone late PlayStation 2
right so 2005 is Shh
so we're talking over ten years ago
you're expecting me to remember every
detail about a game from over ten years
ago
settle down chat
here's that visceral killed thing that's
in me yeah yeah it's fun it's it doesn't
it doesn't really you know like I said
do much like I said just from doing a
different type of combo no you can um if
you if you kill them a certain way they
like get tired and then you can do that
attack okay but I think it's more
satisfying doing that
app think I need to find out what
healing something healing stone oh sure
oh here I'll just I'll heal when I go
into this there Oh
where over there yeah isn't it
you know Dark Elves an actual Norse
mythology thing and not just like a
marvelous Thor thing apparently I would
assume so I don't know much about the
Norse mythology well get on it man gotta
wore it up shut up shut up kid and kid
yeah I was gonna hit him burial that's
nice these things see these green things
on the ground they heal you yeah I found
that one in a pot I found that one in a
pot sometimes enemies drop them when you
kill them but mostly just find him in
pots so can you also tell the kid to
jump on one of the back serves he just
do that in his own he just does it he
just does that sometimes
you can um you can upgrade like his
talents to complement your own he kind
of does his own thing
alright alright what am i doing where am
i doing it what was that
Jonesy they don't says dear rich slash
Jack yes we are that's us
thanks to you both now I have finally
made the transition from console to PC
gaming congratulations it is a shame
that I have not made this decision
sooner thanks again and a feel better
rich you're welcome you're welcome you
know I think that's I think that's how a
lot of people feel like oh my god
everything's easier now naanum says Jack
I'm Jack as Lord of the Rings fan yeah
would you recommend the middle-earth
games i remember playing we will find
out ira playing them a while back the oh
no those are was just The Lord of the
Rings games that that first the the
shadow of Mordor is that what he's
talking them shadow Mordor is the newer
one I believe the shadow war a shadow or
what you know like they were fine
I didn't super get into him but you know
they were fine I'm in Lord of the Rings
fan so I don't necessarily care about
the extended universe of Lord of the
Rings like I liked the books and I liked
the movies yeah that doesn't mean I I'm
not a like I never read the solez sell
an area more whatever it's called this
is like literal encyclopedia of
middle-earth because I'm not that
hardcore fan I like the movies and I
like the board of pedia Lord appear yeah
simulator is similary n' is what it's
called something like that I don't
really know I don't know either man so
merrily under similar MO you know that
one summer Memorial and thus mammalian
some emollients so I don't really care
about the extent of the universe the
game was alright though I didn't mind
the game a little bit I played of shadow
of Mordor it was fine
I know mother's voice better than JJ
though
it feels half done they made this weird
this neat little nemesis system where
the enemies have officers and you can
track them down anywhere in the world
they have higher ups and you can control
their mind and take over factions and
meet system that I don't feel like they
did enough with and then they had the
sequel which I didn't really play much
of and it sounds like maybe they made
more use of that system
oh okay sequel
huh interesting
it is it is not the most important thing
in the world but I will say about shadow
of Mordor and shadow of war yeah the
fact that you're a ghost and you can't
die really takes away a lot of the
tension at least from a narrative
perspective yeah that's a little weird
like they really can't stop you right
here it goes I'll do whatever the fuck I
want
yeah
yeah they're all right they're all right
doo doo doo doo I don't know I guess
that what's going the right way
just don't know all turned around I just
I'll turn it around I was right no
that's fine
everything's fine
like anyone can stop the doom guy yeah
but doom doesn't go out of the way to
say that you are unkillable right
I mean you dialed just just that you're
an amazing horrific badass amazing
horrific badass that's it right there
so once you throw the axe yeah do you
have a taxi to do yeah
normal function yeah yeah okay and you
have this little like retractable shield
thing on your arm and so you can attack
with that and so yeah you can you can do
full full-on attacks and then the axe
even hits people like on the way back so
you could like throw the axe at someone
do some punches call the axe back hit
him and then finish him with the axe
like there's there's some stuff to do as
far as but the only weapon is the axe as
far as I know okay good yeah you need to
have different weapons with different
movesets
that's not the worst thing in the world
they took my son so that activated
sparking rage apparently this should
just be the whole fucking game right
this is a sparked this is usually a
thing that you build up for combos and
attacks yeah well maybe this is to be
fair Jack this is probably just the
introduction and there will be a thing
where you build this up oh no you did
you do Oh in the game you build up
Spartan rage
okay okay can I get over there can I get
over there
no this is an or this is an in game
mechanic already okay okay
like if you're strong enough to shove
that over yeah shouldn't any of his
punches be just like an instant
decapitation yes yes they should be but
games
thank you go
very naive bloodshot says I think I'm
more interested in seeing Deadpool than
Avengers this year the latest trailer
sold me the joke with the guy Peter at
the end is present the hardest I've
laughed a while yeah oh yeah Deadpool
trailer there they officially introduce
you know all the x-force yeah you know
kind of give a little rundown of
everyone's powers and then there's just
one guy who kind of looks like a normal
guy he almost looks like a Ron Swanson
yeah the Parks and Rec like what's your
superpowers I'm I don't have one I just
saw the flyer I thought I'd sign up just
so yeah just a normal dude yeah seems
like it's gonna be some fun jokes
that's probably complained about the
portion least - yeah he personally
started yep yep totally sucked what what
of it but you use the Force to pull Star
Destroyer zone forth well that's a neat
skill
that's a neat skill I have all of these
skills I don't I barely use any of them
I'll be honest with you I guess I should
barehanded get some axe skills here
sure great great I got some axe skills
yeah new tenant I mean I'm down with
Deadpool I'm down with a new Deadpool I
think it looks it looks fun okay I mean
I'm curiously what the fuck they do with
infinity war oh man
that's this week it's like this weekend
yeah this is Christ it's this very
weekend wait this current weekend now I
thought it was next weekend well today
son you're right today's Sunday which is
still technically the way it is this
upcoming weekend okay the weekend for
this week yeah okay okay I thought that
was gonna be my powernow that I could
tell the kid to use his magic ball I
thought you got the magic bullet power
kid didn't you Oh Oh what I'm gonna come
down here wasn't there a Star Wars game
with someone charted mixed into it that
was supposed to be released years ago
yeah can that because they couldn't find
out how to work loot boxes in da C's no
value in publishing a Star Wars
single-player game and they have sole
control over the Star Wars license
mmm-hmm EA getting the license for Star
Wars was probably the one of the worst
things to happen to Star Wars uh you
know we're not gonna get any interesting
Star Wars games that's for sure
I think it was because Disney bought
Star Wars well yeah but I mean Disney
didn't have to give the license to EA
they could have given it to someone else
they could have sold temporary licenses
to individual studios based on a project
pitch yeah I think that's that's pretty
standard
like like Bethesda's I don't want the
Disney and said I want a license at Star
Wars role-playing game yeah Disney could
say okay and then Capcom would say I
want a license a Star Wars fighting game
didn't he could say okay but no EA gets
the whole fucking thing and they're
doing nothing with it it's a huge waste
absolutely colossal waste
how about making something else doing
creative instead of making another
licensed product of the same old product
I look I agree
but I'm just saying for people who like
the Star Wars its shame yeah
maybe we should just be happy the video
game industry isn't flooded with dozens
of Star Wars games once again if it was
just my own opinion yeah I'm fine with
this I'm fine with this
I don't think Star Wars fans are though
you
help
uh you know and it's all fine I don't
care that much about like who has the
Star Wars license or anything I don't
know I think I used to care about that
kind of stuff more whereas like I
remember you know cuz I'm a big Marvel
fan yeah and you know back in the day we
got a ton of Marvel games when like the
movies were first being out and and like
Vevey now it's like a Marvel a Marvel
role-playing game what were those called
if I didn't care Marvel Legends maybe
legends and I remember what you're
talking about I remember just like being
super underwhelmed by them and wanting
wanting the perfect Marvel games and I
think that was something I used to care
about more but now there's so there's
just so many good video games out there
there's so many good everything out
there I'm not I'm not hurting for more
entertainment Ultimate Alliance who that
might have been in that might have been
at the Mars a role-playing game
yeah and I remember being pretty pretty
underwhelmed by that Star Wars zombies
haha they did that they did that I must
call death troopers did they there's a
novel no though they like Marvel Zombies
is the thing Oh Marvel Zombies is the
thing but there's a novel a Star Wars
novel house goes to our war Star Wars
called death troopers where Han Solo has
to fight off stormtrooper zombies that's
not a joke that is a goddamn joke rich
it is goddamn sure that is a joke that
you would make to make me believe that
Han Solo fought a group of zombies
stormtroopers look up death troopers
yeah I have I have an internet machine
that is a joke this is keyboard not well
if you work working on fucking hell
fucking hell but Star Wars is a with the
stormtrooper mask on a meet hug you
you're throwing darts at a board filled
with cliches and what do we hit I'm good
well yeah let's do that hold on hold on
let me ax you guys here I'll find it
well we'll make it happen do you
understand this image you need to see
this give me one moment and I will show
you this image it's ridiculous here type
that yeah yeah this is this is cliches
on top of cliches images and here it is
and let me just save image as and we
will put that right on the desktop say
if okay and then we are gonna come but
come right here and we are gonna add a
new image source so you guys can see add
source and we are gonna add let's see
what we got here and media files go to
the desktop and we're gonna add and
there it is there it is you see this
that is a stormtrooper helmet with a
meat hook auto meat hook for the Han
Solo fights zombies stormtroopers mother
fucker but but rich the Star Wars
universe is so deep it's so vast so many
new ideas
anything can happen in the universe just
anything and I know this isn't a
Photoshop joke because I remember when
this was in bookstores and I thought it
was insane
this is insane like if if I saw an
episode of the nerve crew and you guys
were reviewing this is like oh those
guys they did it again they came up with
the most ridiculous Star Wars thing
imaginable
there's guts and goopes gosh dang it
Star Wars get it together man
that's great that's just great thanks
Internet thank you for existing all
right where was that oh yeah we were
playing this game
why are we doing
all right I guess in the Clone Wars
cartoon I haven't seen the now the
genndy one that's supposed to be the
good one right I thought to start wars
by then yeah
the the genndy turn offs key Tarkovsky
or whatever his name is is supposed to
be that's supposed to be a really
interesting cartoon mm-hmm I have not
seen him but I like kindy and I like
that art style that's Samurai Jack art
style Tarkovsky's animated sir yeah yeah
I've heard really good things about it
never got around to seeing it for no
particular reason I think yeah not
necessarily into Star Wars
listen Gandy making the Hotel
Transylvania movies is about one thing
and one thing only Gandy likes paying
rent and if if the Hotel Transylvania is
what pays the bills that's the movies
he's making can't blame them yeah and it
sucks but but we got a new season of
Samurai Jack out of that what is the
problem you know paying rent is pretty
solid it is it is and you know a lot of
us do a lot of silly things to pay rent
so I'm I'm not I'm not here to judge
genndy I throw in shade what I don't
know value bloodshed says speaking of
Diplo
I think everyone has officially accepted
that the DC Universe has become a farce
when Deadpool says in the trailer that
cable is so dark that he might belong to
the DC Universe oh you're so dark are
you sure you don't belong in a DC
Universe like obviously I'm a little
hesitant I'm a little like everyone
should be a little cautious optically
optimistic about Deadpool - the first
one was this breath of fresh air and no
one knew what to expect and it's and all
of our expectations were
we're non-existent yeah and so you know
it beat our expectations but now we have
a bit of standard we have a baseline and
it needs to top that and so it has some
work to do the awesome power sequels did
well
the first one no you didn't like the
second one was the second was Goldmember
right and doesn't third one go by who
shagged me was the second one yeah
second one's alright okay but goes those
of those kind of like more of the same
few new things you knew things you got
yeah mini-me
yeah rest in peace oh that's yeah just
passed away that's true rich r.i.p room
though or is the third letter yeah my
way kid wanna solve a puzzle I'm gonna
solve a puzzle and get a treasure are
you where are you third letter yes spy
who shagged me is oh it's pregnant which
did that on purpose no it was more of
that Austin Powers is on my mind because
of it it's another other way around the
the news had had reminded me of Austin
Powers sure
yeah yeah yeah Austin Powers the the
first Austin Powers is legitimately
great I know I usually get confused
looks when I tell people that I the
Austin Powers was not a big deal when it
first came out I had to go to my local
art house movie theater to see Austin
Powers yeah because the major chains
didn't have it because it was an
independent weirdo comedy that then blew
up later I know Mike spoiled literally
every joke in the movie one night
no sorry rich you didn't get to it you
didn't get to experience the full joy
Mike spoil in Austin Powers terrible
when we saw the theater was empty yeah I
want to say like me and the person I
went with we saw Austin Powers and we
were one of we were two of four people
in the theater no one saw that movie
coming this time it's lupus says one of
my favorite things about the God of War
series is how much Kratos doesn't care
at all about lives of civilians in his
way
what I've seen of this game so far this
kid is such a killjoy I don't know what
they're doing yet like are they doing
are they doing a commentary on the God
of War series are they making a
commentary on aging gamers I don't know
what their artistic want is you want
their acclaim they want their gaming
Oscar are they are they shamelessly
pandering to the Last of Us crowd yes
they want their gaming Oscar that was
the end of my joke rich the The Last of
Us was the end of my joke
because yes they are very obviously
shamelessly pandering yes oh you're
gonna give me yes wait was that it was
that a mission I just I just finished a
mission I didn't know I had great all
right I want to up can upgrade your
fucking bowl no I need salt varium steel
what can I get here
more defense that's nice choose heart
okay
yeah I feel like if this game ends with
the kid dying it pretty much would kill
the entire storyline to make the whole
journey pointless my money is on Kratos
kicking the bucket yeah my you know what
I what I originally thought yeah my
original thought was and it doesn't look
like it's going that way but the
matically it was gonna be Kratos
teaching this kid how to be a badass the
kids got the bow you can't bring him
shell it's just to help us dear yeah I
can't I can't bow and arrow the dear and
over the course of the journey it gets
to a point where the kid is able to kill
kratos mmm I'm in pain I am dying you
let's do it and the kid just cough stabs
and screams and yeah becomes the next
God of War and it may be rich we don't
know we don't know I there's there's a
whole lot we don't know
yeah I can't do it you must be harder
there there is a little bit of that yo
you know worry not for your enemy
great sorry just upgrading stuff doing
shit a jiggy puffs s yeah why are we why
are we rebooting the 80s did we run out
of original culture thanks for the
stream nice it could be we're out of new
ideas but this stalled is a cyclical
thing hmm like like in the 90s the 70s
were in for a while that's true
that's seventies show bell-bottoms came
back don't forget about the revival of
the swing movement yeah do you remember
when swing dancing was the thin swing
swing music school man you know it's not
it's not not cool I'm just saying
nostalgia habits
yeah help help
back to the future was a 50s nostalgia
piece boom you know it was totally
that's true okay bye there was a there
was a TV leaving a new Leave It to
Beaver on TV in the 1980s mm-hmm the
all-new Leave It to Beaver they call it
something like that
in Greece yes Oh excellent point
everyone's so smart so just nostalgia is
always a thing it's it's a mission right
we're doing the 80s nostalgia right now
are you happy days oh yeah happy days
that's a great example hey fuck you
weird fight me dick
damnit fuck I'm just gonna punch you
today how about that how about that does
that make you feel good does that make
you feel happy if I just punch you to
death
there there did the 90s have 60s
nostalgia I'm sure if you dig around you
can find something there result all
sorts of different nostalgia is it's not
necessarily there's no formula for what
decade is going to make a nostalgic
comeback actually wasn't the 90s when
they were released like the Beatles
album in the fancy edition mm-hmm so at
least musically sure the super deluxe
Beatles everything collection The
Beatles one album okay yeah yeah
although all the Greatest Hits came back
yeah Oh maverick the movie with Mel
Gibson sixties TV show oh there you go
there you go now what is happening who
keeps doing that
yes the Mission Impossible movies hey
this happened
it actually happened you did it Jatin
you came up with all the things you
asked a question and then you answered
the question all the things are possible
oh no dad can present what yeah
mash I don't think mash was fifties
nostalgia as much as it was here's a
commentary on the Vietnam War in
disguise yes we can't make a show about
the Vietnam War but we can make a show
about real war right now good call there
rich good call
basically nostalgia is what happens when
people get old and wish things were the
way they used to be yes cereal box
conspiracy it's always gonna happen it's
it's just it's exactly why we're seeing
stuff like stranger things and ready
player one and all the the shit that
sorry sir geing now is because us old
men liked those things and so now we're
getting fresh new takes on old things
and also it explains why things like the
Power Rangers might not necessarily work
is because maybe the wrong generation is
trying to take care of that different
generations nostalgia had to wait a
little bit longer for that Power Rangers
reboot wait boy when I say that Full
Metal Jacket is a commentary on the
Vietnam War topical living the
passionately passing of a certainly some
one might argue that its commentary on
war in general oh that's a that's a fair
argument yeah I don't know if that was
specifically against Vietnam that was
just but I want war be crazy y'all war
be crazy war turn otherwise normal
people into crazies yeah what was the
point of that just do that was one
Michael J Fox well no wonder a Vietnam
War one was a mega J fast am I getting a
wrong actor where the
the soldiers committed a rape and he was
against it no that's Full Metal Jacket
no Full Metal Jacket someone with the
sniper maybe they're just similar the
sniper casualties of war is that it that
sounds familiar
was it Sean Penn all right all right
at the end of Full Metal Jacket
remember spoiler alert for Full Metal
Jacket by the way a 50 year old movie at
the end of Full Metal Jacket the the the
soldiers want to rape casualties of war
I think it's the same kind of thing
going on well but well what I'm thinking
of is that the end of Full Metal Jacket
all the soldiers want to rape that girl
but then our hero main character just
shoots her in the head
all right that's that's kind of a
Vietnam War commentary yeah so yeah I'm
gonna change my mind yeah yeah Full
Metal Jacket is totally using on the
Vietnam War I also you know I also like
the idea of that it's just war in
general war be crazy oh the first part
I'm like well everyone when they take a
full metal jacket I think in the first
part with another recently lost departed
so yes that's true we are
Urmi
that's not Full Metal Jacket I know
there's a female sniper at the Internet
right vermin nobody nobody remembers the
last half full man this is what I think
they go they go over there and you know
there's this basic stuff once the army
leaves the movie you go do something
else yeah
Oh am I thinking of platoon you're
probably thinking of casualty of well I
might be
they'll blur they're all blurring in my
head I could be I I thought I remembered
cuz who was in Full Metal Jacket who was
the the lead actor in Full Metal Jacket
I thought I remember him shooting the
girl in the head that they were gonna
rape because because they he didn't they
didn't have time for rape they had a war
to win she's early
Emmys actual name I've always been bad
with that I never know how you pronounce
his last name and I know I'm probably
switching the middle in the first sorry
look look if you hear if you're familiar
with rich Evans you know he pronounces
things wrong and he's really bad with
names yeah
why are they killing just recently died
too didn't eat a lot of people died
recently I can't even I can't even keep
up with it
what happens they used to come in threes
now they're coming in 20s yeah it
happens people die then red line was the
longest sean penn and who wasn't in
casualty
gosh darted oh that's a good huh
the hope was today I saw was Michael J
Fox the Grim Panda is saying in
casualties of war they raped a young
Vietnamese woman and then and then the
rest of the film was basically about the
court-martial after the rape had
occurred and Michael J Fox being scared
shitless about being murdered by his own
squad base yeah yeah Sean Penn was in
casualty Oh God
at least I wasn't wrong about Michael J
Fox
I don't know that Michael J Fox took
part I think he just witnessed it and
then it was the moral dilemma him like
testifying about it
sure thing kit was the Squealer look for
way inside ah so many great war movies
