Questing in SPAAAAAAAAAAaaaace (pt. 3)
May 30, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qhc9HClLfls

son yeah I got more than one person
saying like there should be music and so
I'd like to check your DOSBox okay so
there should be music to this well
scummvm not DOSBox scummvm yeah there's
music here yeah they're not seeing that
they're not seeing that last time we had
to why why does life have to be so
difficult why is it not seeing this I
don't know Rach this is just not like
there goes no oh there you go alright
okay randomly decides whether or not it
wants to show the game well so now go
into the scummvm settings or or sound
maybe yeah maybe it's in there I'm sound
off no I don't know how to get into
scummvm settings so well then we just
might be PFT
so now you have no idea how to fix that
don't worry about it
then don't let's not worry about it then
okay so where did we leave off right
I start up the game you were on
McDonald's on the McDonald's station I
think I was on McDonald's oh you just
decrypted the message yes yes I
decrypted the full message myself with
no help from anyone else nope you got a
load of 7f 7 right ok so I was on Planet
McDonald's the McDonald's spoof and
coming to America was McDowell's I
believe that's right they got the they
got the Big Mac we got the big Mick have
the golden arches what do they have the
the golden em no oh it's been so it's
been way too long since I've seen that
okay so we decoded the message the
golden arcs
oh that's it thank I got the golden Ark
we got or ad on a stick we got thermo
we've underwear i got an astro chicken
flight hat a mono lift decoder ring
bukka Zoids and an invisibility belt and
a question and a quest where we're off
to where uh chant did you make a little
thing for the message could you tell us
Jack needs the message I can't believe
you have to go to pest you um I probably
have to go to the only other planet I
can go to which is the volcano planet
and I assume that's what I'm assuming
why can't it why am I not on my ship the
small moon of pest you on
an impediment an impenetrable force
field surrounds the moon it must first
be deactivated its origin is unknown to
us I can't get on my ship look around oh
there we go because I on this star map I
only have one more location I can go to
which is I will be shocked if if a new
thing opened up anything opened up
because you got the message
sure well let's scan resume scan so
that's the volcano volcano planner I'm
just curious planet Ortega let's scan
around and find out okay yeah yeah and
up here is the other planet right that's
a flea flea bahut which we've already
been to yep that's it okay alright so we
are going to volcano planet set course
calculating course we played Astro
chicken
Jack has not seen so low we won't be
spoiling the Han Solo movie tonight
no solo talk please I will probably see
it before Sunday and no matter what
Sunday will lift the chat restrictions
chat spoiler restrictions but give
people at least till the second weekend
Lightspeed
however the review is up half in the
bags that's true so I can't acknowledge
that controversially I like it I really
liked it you we've talked about that a
bit where you and Mike liked it yeah but
Jay did not yeah
to spoil the half in the back review
yeah which I'm sure you've
I've probably seen it but I'm surprised
that there's usually you know on at
least four major movies you guys are
usually kind of at least somewhat in
sync yeah so no we're all over the place
mmm that's great confirmed richest Star
Wars fan see see this is this is
annoying I was hoping I'd hate it
because now people are not gonna let up
about Star Wars
what's Clone Wars showing clone war
shows really good she watched rubble
show Roberts was really good idea like
that rubble show Omar's good I know it's
about your two least favorite characters
in Star Wars Anakin Skywalker and
obi-wan Kenobi as your least favorite
our stars really good jokes come Star
Wars what I wish I hated solo I'm very
sorry rich I'm very very sorry
looks like some like solo you might like
Clone Wars this originates everything
that's good about Star Wars
would you call Anakin Skywalker
it's something good about Star Wars
prequel era Anakin Skywalker then boring
Wan Kenobi good you're you're holding
those up as positives this is why I'm
not a Star Wars fan
I know they're probably trolling me but
sometimes I just go with it
what volume is that at 12 all y'all I
just wanted to show you guys it's it's
nothing we don't know how to turn the
music on if there is music to these
sections which I assume there is music
but we don't know how to do that if you
rank the worst Star Wars characters from
worst to least worst okay how far do you
go before you hit a character that's not
from the prequels Anakin number one
Anakin janae Janek because Anakin and
Darth Vader or two different characters
yes okay I'm with you oh man Christian
Hayden Anakin oh is the worst followed
by baby Anakin yeah he's pretty bad Shmi
is pretty bad everyone from the Jedi
Council everyone yeah
dust ball you know you know yes he had a
white saber that was too light sir no
well whatever Darth Maul doesn't have
enough personality to even be ranked
what is he as what does he is a
character besides we go to the Clone
Wars all right
the planet Ortega is truly a lava
lover's paradise volcanic activity
constantly reshapes its surface so if
you have any maps older than last week
throw them out
shimmy uh I'm gonna Padme before shimmy
Shmi Shmi the mom yeah righto qui-gon oh
god qui-gon
yeah wet below meal they're just not
listing off prequel characters Padme was
yeah yeah I mean yeah you're right
you're right
why are you so right all the time hey
you know what I should do I should save
how do you save again yeah five yeah
what about rose she's not worse than any
of the characters I've listed I'm not
fond of rose but she's not worse than
any of the characters I just listed
which ones Rose Asian one from the last
Jedi Oh Rose you might not like her as a
character but is actually a character
has stuff that she wants to do has a
little bit of a backstory she has a
thing wrote Rose has purpose in the Star
Wars universe
natan named me a purpose for Padme
besides Hayden Christensen loves her no
Rose is something okay not that way you
might not dig on Rose but at least she
did and had backstory had a thing
she accomplished muddled them the
messages at the end you know she did
stuff Oh No oh move move
are you dingus kit fisto he's an on
character and he's going on the list
who's Kit Fisto I don't know what Jedi
is that like squid eyes or squid
tentacles squid something if you can't
name if you can't name their name then
they're a bad character right that was
his name
Kit Fisto Kit Fisto yeah and all of the
bugs
Count Dooku but he had four arms
that's Grievous oh what oh come on
I keep falling into lava
they haven't even said jar jar yet Lisi
has an arc Jar Jar is annoying
he's up there sure no wonder boom bow
was the the who was the big big Gungan
leader who was boss nass it was
definitely Boombah Boombah oh yeah yeah
I'm sucking kind of just walk on the
lava does Jar Jar have an arc uh yeah
he's he's he's an outcast of Gungan
society and then he helps them in the
war and is then a hero at the end yeah
he's and he's got an arc it's the only
character and the phantom medicine does
it appears that parts of this planet's
surface are not entirely stable better
be careful or you'll end up in the lot
or you'll end up lava fondue below oh
hello I should save me swindle yeah what
does he do nothing it's got a purple
lightsaber he's neutered Samuel Jackson
mm-hmm oh way to go ace you
blundered your way to within a range of
the oh those are pirates apparently
jello gun hello clone he's on the
council I listed them like third the
entirety of the council
I never tell you though
the Emperor he's in the prequels the
emperor the villain is the only likeable
character in the prequels Palpatine how
up is that
and he is the only likable character
that you're happy to see on screen I'm
okay with Ewan McGregor
you know the carrots on waste of Ewan
McGregor the characters very boring but
I like seeing you in McGregor on
screaming about that alright alright
obviously loyal company men these scum
soft employees are happily performing
their duties but looking at their
weapons they probably don't want to get
too close all right well then just leave
this area well hope for some of the way
it's Star Wars Yu Shu not sure know
every character's name I just called one
of them Pogo ball because I didn't know
it just you hear a roar of the pirate
Scout ship taking off the ship streaks
across the sky oh okay
also rich has a generally good memory
generally speaking of a character race
window or link well link but links a
video game character who's supposed to
be a blank slate so it's easier for you
the player to put yourself in the game
so like in the video game you get to
make a decision and then then you're you
are linked in in the movie you can't
make any decisions for the characters
you just have to watch them not make
decisions link is that way by design
mace window is that way by incompetent
writing
oh wait for Rich's job he wouldn't have
watched any Star Wars past episode three
that is absolutely true there is a
telescope on and a monitor on a pole
some seismic woman and a crate of some
sort no okay
in in most every game except for I
think it's the only exception is breath
of the wild you can change his damn name
it's not even linked that's true you
comfort yeah
fart goes on an adventure goes on an
adventure you have to save Zelda fart
it's fun to call him something like
jerks and everyone's just insulting you
all game hey jerk yeah look over here
jerk agreed oh look at that
aha you've discovered the forest beam
generator and that moon must be pissed
yuan boom done okay boom
No
you name like I say to make people sound
like Foghorn Leghorn hey I say hey there
I absolutely have to try that I say you
picked up a magic telescope well I say
you are the hero of Hyrule that's great
that's good that's he made that joke
long ago okay okay well good on Yahtzee
he's funny man it's a clever man
boom my poll now so what's what's going
on are you winning game I'm winning all
sorts of game I came down to the lava
planet I put on my underpants first
obviously good move and then I I went
over here and I had to watch the Pirates
for a little bit but then they left or
not the Pirates is there company man
yeah yeah then they left and now I found
the the generator and I took a detonator
and a pole
I got a pole uh-huh and now I'm gonna
see if I can take anything here Nick a
seismic IE seismic look at mint
there's a telescope some Osei
ah look at sighs mech II cool hwhip
meant trip sighs male the look at size
mick equip meant i spell and type good
okay well apparently I can't do anything
with the seismic equipment turn on Oh
I'll turn on equipment there's our
button to push Jack we're aware of the
thimble we'd park we put it to a vote
last stream and the people wanted Space
Quest 3 yeah
but I think possibly for our next
adventure game we'll do film every park
I have her I have confirmation that we
can turn off all voice acting okay and
you know it's been a while since we've
done like we've never done like a
point-and-click and that could be fun
they're different we could try we could
try it could be different look down I
can't there's there's there seems to be
nothing I can do with the seismic
equipment but I feel like I'm just not
typing the right thing you know turned
oh do we figure out what's going on with
donations and not receiving them and I
know we were busy with other before
the stream
oh then no we didn't okay oh the
bits and yeah you tell me where to go we
got bits there you go where do I go to
see bits
what is there a bit oh yeah donation
thing in here as well what what do you
want to see do we send messages with
bits and do we get that oh yeah that's
in Cheers
okay though we can't read all of those
that's the problem with Cheers
all right well no I can't do anything I
can't do anything with the size of
equipment
I might have to you know what I'm gonna
do I'm gonna save Oh
because it cuts off yeah we can only
read like the first the first like word
or two of it unfortunately so if you are
tipping with bits I can't read it we
can't read it but we'll figure that out
we'll figure I swear to you we will
figure that out we were filming an
episode right before the stream today so
we didn't have time I promise I will
figure it out
captain president says hey guys captain
president just tipping here to let you
know that they might be giants is coming
to Madison Wisconsin on October 23rd
enjoy you alright this little ways
way I was not so far we actually we they
were just in Milwaukee a little bit ago
I didn't get a chance to see him
but what's Madison like a couple hours
oh not even our hour maybe an hour and a
half man that Madison is a hop skip and
a jump away
they keep teasing every every once in a
while like a politician starts talking
about a high-speed rail Karen if you
want to go I will definitely go Karen I
wanna go through they might be giants in
the chat Karen have you ever seen they
might be Johnny likes she wanted I know
if she don't think she's seen them love
but she likes that they might be giants
they're good they they put on a good
live show you should go I recommend it
but they'll probably like if they tour
again they come through Milwaukee often
so well are you you you just click on
the thing for tickets Karen we'll go
live well yeah check it out though they
do have a new album out I love you baby
I love you they do have a new album out
so you know the constant worry is that
they'll only play stuff off of the new
album but it's not bad okay you reach
the rim of the decayed cylinder cone and
are overwhelmed by the sight an
impressive machine of staggering size
sits in the middle of the volcanic
crater okay riches riches whipped so
having somebody in your life who loves
you very much is being whipped who wants
to go do things with you how Wow
Karen sure has you want to shortly want
to go that concept for those people you
like you know that band you really like
I think we should go to that concert
whoa baby slow down
I'm in the shield generator
something is happening you're moving
fast we might we might not have much to
go okay well uh I I have a backup oh
good good we might we might need it I
thought I remembered there being more on
the lava planet but I guess there really
wasn't I have I have a back-up plan
something I was gonna save for for
another stream but we'll see we'll see
how long it takes me rich if you're
reading this I love you and what your
babies you'll have to negotiate that
with Karen who was also in the chat who
has rich totally whipped right right so
you got to figure that out man that's
the only got you to save oh
Thank You Chad Thank You Chad
it would be great if we had some music
I'll be honest with you this is a very
quiet game without music I don't know
enough about the scum stuff p.m. to fix
that if anyone in chat knows of any way
we can mess with the scummvm settings
thank you know what oh look at this
warning midi parser the requested SC IO
sound has no MIDI note data for the
currently selected sound driver I don't
know how to change some drivers right
with this so that what's what's
happening is is the the game doesn't
know how to tell the computer how to
make the sounds it's supposed to thank
okay right Karen is richest fiance Karen
is me but Karen now I just that's how I
picture you talking all the time Karen
is me
karen is Rich's fiance and Karen is
all right here we go go up a ladder
bbbbbb I saw someone asked in the chat
and so I will talk about it a little bit
last week we invited we invited the
neighbors over because they have kids
our kids is aged about and they were
interested in some D and D time and so I
made up a very small campaign the
campaign had you know maybe three four
encounters to it yeah so you know an
encounter is either an enemy that you
need to battle some sort of obstacle he
needs across or like a puzzle element
right and so it was very simple they
started off in a bar yeah and then you
know they're there in the bar there was
a couple people they could interact with
and then all of a sudden the blacksmith
burst in and the blacksmith's daughter
had been kidnapped and they had to
figure out whether or not they were
gonna go rescue the daughter and you
know of course all the kids were like
yeah let's go let's go rescue and then
one of it one of the dads who had
actually played D&D; when he was a kid
but you know not in 30 years or
something was just like wait a minute
what do we get for rescuing you I'm the
blacksmith so I'm like well I I've been
making a weapon for the King and if you
bring my daughter back to me I will give
you that weapon and it was like he said
he said you know after playing some old
wheels were turning him remember that
you know he hadn't played since she was
like 12 years old but the the game
overall went very well
the unfortunately there was a lot of
younger kids there and so it derailed a
little bit but I could see the adults
were starting to figure it out and like
they were having a great time yeah yeah
I put I put a little bridge with a troll
to guard it but the it wasn't like a
like an angry smash everything troll it
was a it was
hungry yeah and so before that I had
planted some like food items you know
like Oh some there was like a bat
encounter that had like apples in the
tree there was a honeycomb there was a
bear that they could kill to get bear
meats and so they were trying to I was
hoping that they would like bribe it
with food or something yeah but what
they actually did was they intimidated
the troll who was a speaking troll yeah
and they intimidate is that you oh look
there's there's enough of us here you
better let us pass or we're gonna kill
you yeah and their intimidation roll
worked so I was like oh okay sure and
then later when they come back with the
rescue daughter that Charles gonna have
some friends is what I figured oh well
you know you gotta have okay actions
have consequences
yeah but overall the night it went
really well it ended a little short
because some kids were feeling sick and
with that many kids it was taking a very
long how many kids three kids okay
that's enough three kids and and three
adults and me the DM and so yeah there
was a lot of talking and but overall
when really I think it went well and
then I saved here no and we're excited
to keep going so while trying to catch
your breath you take in the panoramic
view below you can see your ship off in
the distance and volcano stretching out
over the horizon there is a large
circular opening here at the top of the
generator this must be where the beam
originates watch your step okay Jack you
have any plans to play Detroit becoming
human nah
III had suggested that as a possible
review maybe a first four hours of this
is way too boring always way too boring
all I have heard from everyone is that
not only is it a game that tries to
force its narrative on you over gameplay
but that the narrative sucks balls
that's all I've heard about the game
obvious
yes and so while I was initially
interested in Detroit yeah like seeing
that trailer at that III I think we did
in III video I was like oh this could be
really nice hostage negotiation game I
can see something to that sure and you
know Androids and he was alright like I
was down with the initial premise but
the more I learned about the game the
more that it sounded like absolutely
something I thought I would not be
interested it sounds like what house
work right now the explosion disables
the forcefield generator you may now
travel safely to best Yolanda did it you
doing great what'd you just drop
detonators down there I threw detonators
you explain what what we're doing in the
go sorry sorry I picked up that den
helder and I know I'd first I did try to
climb down I wanted to see if I could
actually go into the hole and they
wouldn't let me so I just threw a
detonator down there and so now the
force field is destroyed so I can get to
pissed you on do a great jack you're
going through this like a hot knife
through butter map think you guys should
play immortal redneck it's a roguelike
you know what I did play a mortal
redneck uh-oh has apparently set off a
chain reaction of earthquakes you'd
better get off this rock ASAP I'm on it
I did play immortal redneck actually I
played it this is tense you know
what I should do right here saves gum I
am the save scum I I played immortal red
I'll I remember how to get out
it's this way I played immortal redneck
when I played City when we were playing
a what was that game called
first-person roguelike
you know what what I'm talking about
the first person rug like the one were
you shooting out like the mushroom guys
the fantasy kind of medieval one where
you have like a wand no but that's
another one no I was talking about the
one we did a review for first person Oh
abstruse strafe thank you when we played
strafe I actually looked into a bunch of
other first-person roguelike yeah
including immortal redneck city of brass
and someone is gonna have to help me
with oh with what that wizard one
was called because I actually really
liked that wizard one
what was he oh it looked like I
couldn't go that way you sure I don't
know I think I have to go this way yes I
have to go this way
that was like lava okay I might have
been able to but I can definitely go
this way or can i yes I can you can okay
anyone remember what that what the I
know Jim sterling compared Detroit
become human to a best of the worst game
I don't necessarily know that I want to
play a best of the worst game we have a
whole show for that already what movies
why would you want to subject us to that
for your entertainment
uh I my things have certainly changed
around here since you were last the
unstable rock has fallen into the
simmering lava below uh-oh save
you're right
may add at best y'all are gonna get a
first four hours of it and maybe we can
get some jokes out of that at best at
best and if rich and I aren't feeling
like it this is gonna be nothing because
our sanity is worth something got pride
I am completely not interested oh you
can just fall right off can't you oh hey
how's it going just the letter O I don't
know if I have the letter did you get
rid of well no the light cuz you use
letter to line up in the space yeah yeah
yeah but I did get a pole your brow
furrows and grim determination as you
prepare for a tremendous leap leap holy
the Romanian judge gives you a 9.5
a truly outstanding jump by one of the
finest young athletes we've seen this
season you'd like to try that again but
your poll seems to have fallen in the
tumultuous lava below you're killing it
jack
killing I get it I'm on it I'm on it
rich I got my get the flow Revenge of
the Sith ripped off Space Quest 3 I have
the high ground rich I know there's no
stopping me now don't stop me now oh
we're having such a good time come on
get up get up in your ship sit in
cockpit computer
and take off David II know people David
II know people yes hey Richard York or
you guys should play in justice - yes we
show us the perfect time because the new
fallout was announced did you guys ever
finish playing new vegas and what are
your thoughts on the Fallout series as a
whole PS is Jay dead yes absolutely
the the not a new Fallout wasn't
announced a new Fallout game was
announced that is not necessarily a
Fallout game spin-off it could be a
spin-off it could be hack it could be
another battle royale game for all we
know like we know nothing and the people
who are in charge of like PR for
Bethesda have been pretty clear about
like don't expect fallout 5 okay
don't expect an open-world RPG or you
will be disappointed
it could be fallout shelter 2 for all we
know I understand that for didn't go
over that well with the fallout fans is
that true I thought it was oh I mean I I
had heard that from the four went over
like gangbusters
oh well let's show you what I know hmm
and this is part one of those situations
because neither one of us answer the
other part of your question
neither richer I care about fallout the
series you'd never get into it I don't
I'm not like against it on principle or
something weird alright it's just
nothing on my radar and so we could both
be correct and incorrect my guess is a
lot of people really liked for and some
people didn't like for at all hey look
for was great for was asked for was fine
for sucked look it's all over the place
fallout 4 was amazing
fallout 4 was terrible done great Baird
tomes says hey newish fan here
I saw John Jack Ruina they might be
giant shirt on one of the best of the
worst
I think I've worn three or four at this
point and was wondering if he enjoyed
their newest album I like fun you guys
keep me from being bored at work
Thanks you're welcome did you like I am
fun it's fine I like fun it's fine it's
fine it's it's so tough when you know to
me like the first five they might be
giants albums are utter perfect
brilliance yeah everything after that
kind of isn't as good but it's still
alright I don't know I don't know I know
I've listened to it a couple times and I
haven't really gotten into it so that's
that and then do you have any thoughts
on the new Pokemon thing did you see
that no I heard about it from the chat
earlier they what they announced is
Pokemon let's go okay which is a
entirely different thing from Pokemon go
well it's it's a partner to Pokemon go
okay and so it's a new pokemon game that
you can use with your Pokemon go Pokemon
and so like you can go out in the real
world catch a Pokemon bring it into the
game and do stuff in Pokemon let's go
you know all the other information isn't
out there it's but it's not a standalone
Pokemon RPG okay it's not that and the
other thing that they just announced was
a Pokemon people are saying it's a
remake of pokemon yellow I don't know
what that means
well that's that's probably the one
that's coming out next year they have
announced a new standalone Pokemon RPG
you know a Pokemon game oh god I'll come
out in 2019 okay this is this I don't
know what this is I don't care I stopped
playing Pokemon go ages ago
what's the difference between yellow and
red
blue Pokemon Esmond pokemon yellow so
pokemon red and green or red and blue
were the first ones okay
then after the anime started after the
cartoon started they realized that
Pikachu was by far the most popular
character ever
so they made pokemon yellow in which you
started with a Pikachu that followed you
around instead of choosing one of the
base Pokemon Allah either the Bulbasaur
so it's exactly the same exactly the
same except for you got a Pikachu that
follows you around then they already
remake that pokemon yellow no yellow red
blue same thing
it sounds like yes it's essentially the
same thing it's all essentially the same
thing and they're remaking it again
apparently I don't um watch me not know
what's going on
let's go is inspired by yellow using
only 151 the original 151 Pokemon yeah
but let's go isn't a standalone RPV it's
a whole different thing like there's
there's not going to be a word on the
street is that there's not going to be
like random enemy encounters and Pokemon
let's go okay I don't know I don't know
it's a whole bunch of I don't know let's
go to pest you on
oh wait we shouldn't go light speed to
pestle on cuz that's just the moon dead
go for it mm-hmm I didn't save okay I
save now don't we let you escape f6 for
carpeted cockpit view Oh hit escape
you're still on that oh that's right
because here's what I'm thinking is I
should go at it attack speed because
there's probably people waiting for me
right look my love but says could really
see a Star Wars film fully from the
Empire's perspective they are building
infrastructure on planet to be deliver
water to the troops so to speak and
pesky rebels are sabotaging their
endeavours and your Dark Lord Greg knack
to save the day
you sure why not I wish Solo was awful
I wish Solo was awful
then I could just completely wash my
hands mm-hmm why wasn't solo the worst
movie I have ever seen mmm yeah sure why
not
oh we're already orbiting pestle on ok I
get it EDD Oquendo says hey Richard Jack
I turned 31 years old today great great
job you didn't I 431 all years what were
you guys up to in the year 1987 was it a
good year thanks for the streams 87 that
was like damn near peak 80s
Robocop man I was six I was six no I was
five I was 10 yeah I was I was five for
most of 87 as my birthday is in December
so I was too young to remember anything
or do anything that's what I got
that's the thing you know you and I are
very far apart age wise but it's those
kind of things where it's like late 80s
I'm too young to remember anything just
weird me and you that's like prime like
prime kid age for you and oh yeah
so so like that's that's where it's like
the big difference with us Putin because
Putin is not a word push a baton is a
word though all right what am i doing
I'm here to rescue people right yeah I
should Prize save you make your way
through the forest of strange trees to
the coloring where you discover the
entrance to some large underground
complex
this must be scum soft suddenly the door
to the complex begins to open four
guards several guards file out of the
entrance and dispersed into the woods
they must have been alerted to your
presence when you landed two guards
remain behind to watch the entrance okay
go back one fracas insky says jack talk
about the amazing music and Lord of the
Rings I think that elements like argh
argh a mama and our will um made me care
about them because of the otherworldly
music what did your kids think of the
Bilbo jump scare even as an adult I
can't watch that scene scene Deadpool -
I think it's a separate question it says
see Deadpool - but there's like no
period right like tell me about that
scene seem Deadpool - that scene in The
Hobbit scenes Deadpool - you know what
I'm talking about no I haven't seen
Deadpool to uh Richard Brothers I'm my
priorities are to see Deadpool - first
and then solo but I haven't seen either
my kids loved The Lord of the Rings
movies we watched all of all of the
extended editions now and they loved it
though like that final moment when when
Frodo is is going to Mount Doom and you
know like the tension is building and
the music the music is glorious my
youngest was finally starting to get
scared none of the orcs scared him the
Dragons that giant spider who cares
but like the tense music as as Frodo is
climbing a volcano that was too much for
him huh cuz like it is it's very intense
and you're not sure what's gonna happen
and like at that same time the armies of
Sauron are are surrounding what's left
of humanity ah it's so good uh
now and then we started watching all the
behind the scenes stuff and you start to
just realize why those movies are so
special they in it for the Lord of the
Rings they started building Hobbit town
or Hobbiton they started building
Hobbiton a year and a half before they
started filming so that the grass could
grow naturally so it would look like
it's been there forever and it's like
that kind of that kind of thought and
effort was put into these
movies and every every part of the
movies including the music which yes is
wonderful and perfect and they're just
fantastic films I I look forward to
rewatching them again I am going to okay
stay here
true blue review on the chances I saw a
guy walk out of Deadpool to with his
five-year-old why the was he
bringing his five-year-old that's the
question right why would you bring a
five-year-old to Deadpool one or two
that's dumb
that's bad parenting alright let's enter
scum soft can I save I can't you save
relatively nearby oh I hope so cuz that
was the wrong decision thanks for
playing space quest three as usual
you've been a real hoot oh
still up here that's bad parenting you
know like obviously different oh oh
no that far back no I just got a I
forgot he hit the wrong I forgot to say
to go to Phoebus instead of Lube you'll
honor and like different kids can take
different movies you know at different
ages and yeah obviously you know like
you I can take just about anything well
and you know you know your kids and so
like obviously but but like a
five-year-old and Deadpool just doesn't
seem especially in a theater setting
like you want to watch that at home with
your kid where you can pause it or they
can play with toys and stuff that's fine
but they don't bring that into a theater
where there's other people around
all right person and Chad if there was
somebody in the theater with you for
Deadpool - who had his phone out talking
on it on speaker that's when you get an
usher agreed absolutely that's what
they're there for talked and you know
what did talk to management and get a
free movie ticket like movie theater
employees are really good at taking care
of that stuff if that ruined your movie
going experience let someone know those
first kids and dealing with stuff like
my mother was a horror fan yeah kind of
grew up watching like Friday the 13th
right but I bet you watch that at home
well I shouldn't take you to the theater
no yeah like that's the thing like wait
till you get a you know wait till it
comes out on DVD or blu-ray or Netflix
and then then let your kid watch
Deadpool Wyatt why waste here why waste
your money going to a theater did I cry
No
I'd never got freaked out by violence I
love my violence I always have okay my
net area
I love my I love my violence oh
yeah yeah we're people that got
shot in the movie the better it was now
save 39 boom go here we are now this is
a little safe scummy but let's just see
what happens if we go another direction
oh and still get over here okay Jaden
says hey Jack now you seen the trailers
for pokemons let's go Pikachu let's go
Evie they were announced yesterday of
attendance which continued with the nice
stream guys I did probably already know
that's alright yeah I know I had to I'm
trying to think of any like the
direction you know I'm a fan of the old
Pokemon games you know especially the
Gameboy Advance
Pokemon games those were some of my
favorite favorite Pokemon games is like
Pokemon emerald that era but I have
noticed s-- or at least I feel as a fan
my I have a declining interests as they
make newer and newer ones as I feel like
they're less about the actual adventure
and more about the end game and more
coddling to lesson you know to children
their coddling to children which is fine
because their children's games but I'm
less interested in them so even even
this new full-fledge well if the older
ones were children games and still work
for children but didn't coddle the
children I don't know and that better my
I can only assume that they didn't sell
as well
Pokemon very pokemons heyday there there
you you're suggesting that didn't sell
as well what no I'm suggesting that the
newer ones are selling more okay I'm
saying that Pokemon ain't no duh
Nintendo ain't no dummies with them
making machine they're pretty weird
sometimes yeah that is true so I can
only assume that the new ones sell good
enough to justify their existence that's
what I can assume but ok let's return to
ship see what happens maybe if we go
this way what's over here hair cap says
did you get the boxes of tapes from
Alaska I hope there were a couple tapes
you don't you didn't have I'll be
deploying soon and I'm only going to
take one handheld what are a couple of
your go-to handheld games we get so many
tapes every day I am almost sure we've
we've gotten your Alaska tapes if you
were the guy who had like six different
boxes of tapes you sent to us
I got that as far as handheld games I'm
not much of a handheld gamer myself I'm
gonna say Tetris
what's going on what did you do what
what is going on I turned on my
invisibility belt does that was a smart
thing because that was a smart thing to
do but now I'm stuck here and I don't
know how oh here we go
enter scum soft that's what I was
waiting for for that queue by idiots
what's happening it looks like your
you've made it just in time as your
invisibility belt is now completely out
of power save alright what's the
weirdest piece of fan mail we've gotten
so far
chocolate anuses pure milk chocolate in
the shape of anuses you're within the
outer fortifications of the scum soft
headquarters you see an elevator door
and a button on the wall push did we eat
them III have self-respect shockingly G
shots make a little noise when you hit
the wall kid that's adorable I just
wanted some chocolate
Chad Jack's only gonna save when he
wants to save alright right now I'm
worrying about like I have to apparently
have to completely relearn how to walk
what ready to wear the door go it's
behind you you were past it
stop it can you slow the game down will
that help hammer the door has a keypad
security system as well as a composite
facial scanner will be pretty tricky
gaining access okay there's another door
g-shot says hijack rich I saw the rlm
solo review and I'm with you rich I'm
surprised how much I enjoyed it and had
some dumb stuff but I was never bored
thanks for the streams alright yeah
obviously as you know I agree that's the
carrot a we have an intruder in
accounting can I can I do anything now
okay
does that kill me it looks like it
didn't Nick Nevinger says rich should
there be a Star Wars movie that doesn't
have any of the known Star Wars
characters in it and also takes place in
a different universe and also isn't a
Star Wars movie but instead a new
unrelated film that isn't the same tired
IP yes yes absolutely
how much of a role did the lobsterman
have he was in the background like a
cantina alien lobsterman
what hmm aw no Rosie says been watching
for a long time and decided to use Prime
to sub wanted to ask Jack what's your
favorite stout and what's your favorite
lighter beer I myself don't like wasting
calories on beers that are less than
seven percent alcohol that's the thing
that's the thing you noticed there
there's a lot of really good stout
left hand brewery makes a really great
nitro milk stout that's incredibly
smooth like any any of the stouts like
if you go nitro stout it almost it
almost tastes like a like a light beer
but it's really dark and rich and then
fruity so left hand brewery nitro milk
stout that was a great I already used my
invisibility belt yak mousse ran out of
the bat it ran out of batteries I use
that to get in hypothetically can you
add batteries what happens if you look
at the bulb the terminators are not
implying you can charge there is now
completely out of power
well it just this is out of power but I
don't necessarily know how to give it
power let's say let's go to that other
door as far as other beers yeah I don't
know usually I stick to IPAs but I mean
really in general I haven't been
drinking much at all so I love that
noise
Pro Austen ceases sorry if you've been
discussing this haul stream just showed
up I'm so still so stunned that rich
loves solo yeah I am honestly not
shaking my head that much in a theater
since x-men origins Wolverine hope you
guys are enjoying Space Quest I've
always always loved the Space Quest and
we're not gonna be having any talk about
solo today today Jack hasn't seen it I
haven't seen him I haven't seen it nice
if you want to know what I thought I
mean you just watch the half of the bag
it's something right so just that easy
hey rich and Jack just wondering what
you're hoping to see specifically from
Nintendo at e3 Games also - Jack you
gave me one of my new favorite best of
the worst quotes in a recent episode you
know wake up dickheads it's time for
false Oh Faust what a great episode
I do like just wake up dickheads and
then whatever thing you have that's very
yeah no but that's very like you know
get in loser we're doing this yeah I
just like that as a as a general joke
well yeah I wake up dickheads that was
funny just-just-just you waiting
just you wait y'all okay I think I know
what to do I think there's something
that I overlooked
you checked out any of the doors on the
other side you asshole you
slowed down the the game it might make
that easier there
what no look it moves
it moves it forward when you start
walking that way um but I figured it out
all right oh look around you probably in
a closet oh this is a closet I thought
this was the exit no you missed doors on
the left when you're walking around
there might be more than one even take
stuff it's just the janitors cousin
there's nothing in here like look at
closet okay oh hey there we go rummaging
around in the cramp cramps closet you
find a pair of old correct grimy
janitorial coveralls boom put but doing
it jack cover all you're doing it what a
great idea
rudder no one would be suspicious of a
janitor walking around you grab the
coveralls and pull them on seizing the
opportune moment to dump all the old
items you've been pocketing along the
way what what a great disguise wait
what's this you reach down into the
pocket of the grimy overalls and find
well what do you know mr. garbage a
trash vaporizer you've seen these babies
in all the janitorial supply catalogues
but your superiors were always too cheap
to outfit you with one nice fuggin nice
Kevin Feige offered you guys a Marvel
movie what would you do rich rich would
probably want to do spider-man no the
spider where they have is already
great I could only it up
right I'd leave it alone yeah like
number one hey guys keep making
spider-man's you're doing a great job
any Marvel movie yep
uh I'd make a longshot movie long shot
long shot I don't know who that is long
shot
is a weirdo late 80s Early 90s mutant he
was on Mojo's planet okay and he has the
power of luck Oh long show that makes
sense he has he has the power sounds
like such a sniper power yeah well cuz
luck kill shot uh and I think I think
you could do some really fun things but
he team up with shamrock he he would
team up with who's the lady in Dead
Domino okay okay he's the lady in
Deadpool too who also has the power to
manipulate odds who was created after
long shot dub or dominoes like I think I
think just a movie where the person has
the the power to change the the
probability that something will happen
will I bet domino in Deadpool too has
some really great action sequences why
would you become any kind of hero or why
would you need to be good why would you
need to become a villain if you're that
power oh no you wouldn't
yeah no you just gamble and win yeah all
the time Yeah right right but I I think
you could you could make a really fun
movie out of that it's basically any
action movie except for the heroes of
mutant and then you put some c-list
mutant villain there it's great right
huh after that you know what I'd make
next husk okay husk is it's another
mutant and she had a she was part of the
astonishing x-men I want a generation X
maybe generation X yeah I think that
could be you know what a generation X
movement would be fun because they had
some weird-looking characters yeah the
guy with a little head I'm familiar with
it I never really read it so so so husk
is a mutant who has the ability to
change what skin grows underneath her
current skin in two different forms and
it always has she always had the neatest
visuals
comic books where she would like grow
rocks underneath her skin so she'd be as
strong as the thing and then she'd have
to rip her skin off and I think that's
so that's such a neat visual
right just creepy man it is creepy and
then like she wanted to grow regular
skin back she'd have to like chunk the
rocks off of her I think that's super
neat so I would make something very
visually interesting I try to at least
what about a millennial movie what like
somebody who fights crime with like
Instagram posts Oh
like comment subscribe shout out to your
boy rich Evans anyway that's what I
would do all right so let's now let's go
in here cuz now oh is I didn't save
I think I'm fine yep
I'm fine now I'm gonna say have woopsy
doobs there
right you are in the cost-efficient
corporate accounting department of scum
soft incorporated these hard-working
accountants are trying to figure out
where the company spends its money doc
talk to man man everyone here looks
related it's like a secret society of
nerds Oh what how hung around too long
it could be you're not cleaning you see
all those waste paper baskets maybe I
just saved so it's not you know BRE you
didn't vaporizes trash do you have
something that vaporizes thing I do okay
you have demonstrated a surprising lack
of janitorial skill perhaps this would
be an opportune time to brush up on your
technique with Space Quest 1 & 2 okay
hey Jigglypuff's is rich did you ever
have to drive our beloved drunkards home
after an episode of best of the worst
or did you leave them to spend the night
in the warehouse thanks for the stream
guys everyone's usually pretty sober by
the time we're done
go home or sober enough sober enough hey
you got Ober no one's died yet you know
what it over is pretty much remember f3
oh right thank you
if I thought somebody was completely
trashed
I would I would make them give me their
keys and drive them all it's not it's
not happened
nope
excuse me nerd
excuse me nerd just a janitor this
actually neat just yeah you got to be a
janitor for a little bit it's fun each
segment dev Dean Oh P oh poor sorry
spell now this time says what do you
guys think of the Jedi before the
prequels when they were just Knights
instead of the emotionless monks did you
ever pay attention to Luke and Return of
the Jedi when Luke said his most Jedi II
and like all of his personality seems to
be gone the Jedi have always been boring
assholes that's kind of that's not just
a frequent thing yeah in fact I was
worried about that before the prequels
had even come out mmm like Luke was it
was kind of a weirdo Return of the Jedi
unless the entire three movies about
these idiots like before they came out
we're like if the the fun the fun part
about Return of the Jedi the the point
in with the point at which Luke becomes
a true Jedi is I think a point of
confusion for a lot of people it's when
he refuses to fight you know that end
scene with him and Vader and he says I
will not fight you Father that is when
he becomes a Jedi Master
yeah he's because that's the code of the
Jedi to be to be neutral to be monks am
I wrong and they're thinking June
thinking Luke is pretty flat in Return
of the Jedi like no father you will come
to the light side well he's doing he's
doing the monk thing yeah yeah he's
doing Amun thing yeah so it's not that's
not a prequel invention right oh
oh I get what you're saying yes that is
not a prequel invention that is that is
how that's how Lucas envisioned the
world of the of the Jedi
also will the next nerd crew shoot of
real Deniz probably not you actually put
a pork pancake in your mouth rich
probably not there's a pancake does it
have to be a pork pancake I'm saying
it's just a pancake there's not a lot of
harm that can come to them just a
pancake but that's really you know
that's here to say I'm not saying you
have to rate I'm just saying like it's
just a pancake craig nation says hey
guys I enjoyed review for god of war
starring biscuit I finally gotten around
to playing it myself and loved him
my favorite is how Kratos opens chest by
smashing the lid and pulling out the
treasure yes I chuckle almost every time
yeah you know what I agree that that's
so kratos catholic says typical kratos
thanks for continuing to play space
quest 3 I was wondering if Jack was
going to stream the new Pokemon quest
game on the switch came out today and
it's free you what's wrong
you missed the trash can I missed one
trash can and so a knave Jack I save
listen I I assumed rich that it was a
timed thing like every trash can ok
earned you 30 seconds oh no it's if you
pass a trash can then you fail no I'm
not interested in the Pokemon RPG that
came out because it's it's free to start
is what it says ok so it's it's a free
to start pokemon RPG and I can only
assume it's a large money at some point
or it'll be a pay to win or another
million bits of fernette
breakfast hey guys happy Wednesday what
do you think Burt Reynolds best film
and/or what is best character he ever
played
Boogie Nights I need to see Boogie
Nights you scream my instinct is to say
the Bandit from Smokey and the Bandit
that boogie knows you just said
cannonball runs pretty good too oh yeah
I'm not like a huge Burt Reynolds nut so
it's hard for me to say for sure but
he's really great in Boogie Nights and
just just the idea of a character who's
like who's you know a hardcore smut
peddler who also just wants to make good
films like good smutty films good porno
films rich but you know good films so so
he gets my vote look my love but Smith
says I'm not usually one for love but I
can see that when a studio truly
approaches a movie from a place for
great appreciation for both the source
material as well as the audience that
they are likely to be somewhat
successful Lord of the Rings and
Deadpool okay well and you know right
like Deadpool one was a passion project
Lord of the Rings passion project even
the current Marvel Cinematic Universe
it's it's a passion project from a
producer Oriole point of view yeah but
Kevin Feige
is super passionate about his Marvel
movies and it shows in every single one
of them just saying is if you love what
you're doing you're gonna put more
effort you're going into it you're gonna
care about the little details that make
it special yes yes that's what I'm
saying even even if it's coming from
someone like Disney they're gonna care a
little bit more Jack should you save
I'm gonna save right now when I say
right now yeah cuz yes yes I should save
get out of your arrow all right you're
talking so much about Star Wars and
Sunday I thought you hated the solo I
like solo that doesn't mean I now love
Star Wars
it's given me it's given Star Wars
earlier today - yeah come on oh I have a
slave drivers I'm sure they're designed
to look exactly like bosses at Sierra
right you are in the boss's cubicle area
and the boss is in B Reverend I always
do that my right hand apparently is
slightly faster than my left hand you
stand on a platform overlooking the scum
soft vehicle Bay in the center of the
hangar sits your ship surrounded by rows
of short-range skull fighters now how
will you ever get out of here Who am I
here to rescue the programmers yes oh
the boss is out
oh I can't close the door yet moo says
gents how was your retirement plan
progressing poorly I know rich says he
won't live that long
see missing out on that sweet sweet Earl
him money 401k well I'm well ahead for
my age group hope this tip helps you get
comfortable they go
rich probably didn't want to watch any
Star Wars after the Phantom Menace
pretty much saving
I think you were still probably I'm
still probably recoverable after the
Phantom Menace not that particular story
because I knew those characters were
garbage but if they just scrapped all of
that and did something else entirely
maybe like if they took a hard turn for
Attack of the Clones like maybe if you
don't even continue that story like
Attack of the Clones
cuz you already the bed with with
your protagonist yeah I need to like my
protagonists the prequel is completely
lacking any likeable characters
whatsoever except for Palpatine
ah
not where I want to be oh I know I
know yeah I know I got this rich okay
there you go it was it was attack of the
clones in in combination with the
expanded universe that that killed Star
Wars for me or more accurately just made
me realize I'm not really a Star Wars
fan I've told this story before I was
reading one of the one of the EU books
The Courtship and Princess Leia I've
talked about the story before and like
oh that sounds great
I like Han I like lamb I'm flying around
in the Falcon that sounds like a fun
adventure yeah and then they crash land
that I'm planet full of Jedi witches and
the Luke comes by it it's Jedi and I
have to figure out about the force and I
was like what the
and III went to one of the Star Wars
forums and I'm like what the is
this
likewise why is everything always have
to be forced forced forced every single
response we talked about what Star Wars
not the fourth what's the point force
first first first force lightsaber force
and it was just like oh oh I'm not a
Star Wars fan that's why these people
like it sack of the clones I'm just not
a Star Wars fan all right all right I
need that face to see that painting rich
see that painting yeah that's the boss's
face because the door has a keycard and
a face scanner gotta figure it out you
see I'm on it except for apparently I
missed a garbage can somewhere where am
I
Tiberius Kirk if okay if if the fans all
like forst forst forst forst light saber
force and all of the books and all of
the movies are just about force force
force light sabers force then that's
what Star Wars just is it wasn't for me
mm-hmm
you ink my picture of Elmo now what
how'd you know what happened I took the
picture of Elmo oh I see I see what I'm
supposed to do I get it you get it I get
it
don't worry I get it do you know the
game you talk about what's going on I
will do it here so I need a picture of
the boss yes because the door - I need
to get through needs a keycard and a
picture the boss and I just got the key
card on the boss's desk but I it's a it
said it had a face scanner right right
right down there is a picture of the
boss's face correct so I need that
picture or so I did I just took the
picture and wanted ask it at all but
then a guy came in notice the pictures
gone called security on me but uh-huh
directly to the left of that picture is
what appears to be a photocopy machine
yet you are doing great I feel like I
got the flow on this year you are doing
great I feel I feel like I'm doing right
thanks for saying so so I'm gonna take
this picture
there's a sign of his oh it's is not
currently under Vera but I tried to use
copy machine and said get real put
picture I think there would be a way to
make the force and Jedi appealing to me
no trolling just curious
you'd have to the Jedi no you have to
just completely rewrite them and what
they're about and how boring they are
you need to just throw it all on the
garbage can and start over there
as far as lightsabers and magic powers
like I don't know it was fun in the
video games like I like the original
trilogy there's probably you know not
not too much of it in the earlier films
like what's going on it's not letting me
put the picture in the copy machine use
get real put their way maybe use picture
in copy machine and then I tried just
putting my face on the copy machine
typically it works the force just
doesn't do enough no it does too much
man a game that had somebody
using the force to destroy a Star
Destroyer
yeah the for the force is a little what
do you what do you call it when just
magic can fix everything
deus ex machina right it's like what do
i need to get out of the situation force
can do it now I got lightning and I can
use my mind and telepathy and I can jump
real far and so I just write copy
picture is that it oh come on yeah ciara
first making sure that no one is
watching you slip elmo's picture into
the copier and press the start button
space leia
is
dumber than anything else that has been
done with the force it is absolutely no
Dumber Sega
Spacely oh yeah from the last gen I want
you yeah yeah it's no dumber than other
things they've done with the force cut
no yeah I I think I do think like like
pulling and pushing things to the force
that seems to be the bread and butter
right of the force right that's not
telepathy that's uh telekinesis
telekinesis all right I I will I do
admit fully that the visual of her
floating is a little silly looking but
the act of doing it is perfectly
acceptable
it's space like vacuum
so the force doesn't work in a vacuum if
anything that would mean it would be
easier for her to force push or pull
herself because there's no resistance
through the atmosphere ha ha
checkmate science nerd she was pulling
herself towards the large mass that was
the ship
you see it's stupid because she isn't a
Jedi you mean Luke Skywalker's twin
sister think of it think about it for a
second who has always shown that she's
had some sort of connection to Luke in
the force even through feelings in the
other movies like the original trilogy
this is what you're going with
is she's it's true she might not be a
Jedi but maybe she has some sort of you
know force like power like like thirty
years you don't think Luke showed her a
trick or two I mean for a while Luke had
a school where her son who has Forrest
powers remember kylo has the forest
powers too and we know you don't need
training to use this are you a big
dummy whoever said that cuz I'm thinking
you might be a big
me look at a weekend with Yoda and he
was a master master you are yeah yeah
let me write down your back again yes I
like that and NCAA sharks fear I do
agree the visual that visual of her like
Peter panning it looks a little silly
but absolutely she's able to do it you
know what you know what no let's save I
did all the things
let's save the defending glass Jen I
burned the heathens
I like the last red iron and I don't I'm
just defending this one thing right and
by the way it's okay if you don't like
it but so like the problem is like if
you don't like a movie that's fine if
you if you like so it didn't work for
you this well but like you're nitpicking
the wrong things I think I just I just
don't go to how this silly Jedi thing is
okay yeah
and this silly Jedi thing is blasphemy I
don't I don't see the difference between
the Leia space pull yeah and and obi-wan
and qui-gon moving in SuperSpeed
remember that how could you forget or
Anakin and obi-wan flipping around on
lava platforms right that's dumber
that's far dumber to me but whatevs
Oh Ingo bingo I'm in it's like this Leia
was frozen in space like okay it's not
like you died instantly if you're in
space yeah right
I mean you gotta work you got to move
quick you don't have a lot of times you
have a lot of time right but you don't
instantly freeze also let's just pause
for a moment and think to ourselves for
something what what you're doing is
you're you're asking if you're saying
well lays it Leia would have froze and
died out in outer space so what you're
saying is I want scientific accuracy in
your space wizard movie so it's just
like think about what you're asking here
like that's not it like if it were Trek
absolutely I would expect you to follow
basic laws of physics and reality as we
know them because Trek is hard science
fiction but this is wars man you gotta
you've got to be a little loose with the
with the rules
you cautiously enter a darkened chamber
a seemingly bottomless shaft drops off
into a black abyss on a platform in the
center of the chamber the two guys from
Andromeda wiggle helplessly in lime
jell-o the platform can only be reached
by four retract retract abridges at each
entrance
ah that's interesting so obviously I
just saved so I'm gonna try to yeah okay
Admiral holder was as bad as any prequel
character okay she's a terrible
character but I really wonder how people
would react to that character if you you
get rid of the dress and the hair and
you just put her in like a generals
outfit you gave her the kind of thing
that Leia was wearing an empire and two
people lose their over that
character as much as they do now hmm
the dress was weird it was the cocktail
dress yeah weird choice and the hair
that space yeah but she's not an alien I
guess technically she is but right no
one else the Star Wars naturally has
purple hair like that yeah you know what
even even just replace the cocktail
dress okay and maybe you got something
like maybe you know give her a generals
uniform whatever yeah then maybe but
like yeah the dress is the dress is
weird the dress is definitely weird
maybe I and you know to me like it's
hard because I completely see the logic
of why she's there halt the the the only
reason hold Oh is there is because
Carrie Fisher is it was you know sickly
and elderly at the time and they needed
someone to deliver lines that Princess
Leia or general Leia would deliver but
it can't be Carrie Fisher because she's
old yeah and or possibly dead if they
were still making it right yeah yeah
maybe
well they shot a lot but she's she's not
she doesn't have it in her anymore
to be that actor so they needed the
character and so like to me it's hard to
even criticize hold oh as a character
because that's just so obviously Leia
you know I'm not fond of the character I
don't know why you spend that much time
on a character who's not going to be
around for the rest of the trilogy
because it was supposed to be laying
yeah but the the costume choice was
bizarre and I can 100% be with you why
like your foot you're fighting in a
rebelled you just come from a cocktail
party and if you did why haven't you
changed don't you think she should
change her outfit but probably well now
we got a problem
what's wrong now I'm not quite sure
where to go or what to do what's what
happened don't talk to me okay so I went
I went into the door with the key card
in the FaceCam yeah and you got in I got
in and there's two guys frozen in the
jello stuff there okay
and there's three entrances to get there
and none of the but none of the bridges
work and I don't think I can open there
close the bridges can you free the guys
no I have I have I only have my trash
zapper which only works on trash very
close to me you tried using it no I
didn't try using it because I assumed it
wouldn't work I do now I don't remember
the solution that would that would be
what I would try and save it that way
you're not out anything oh yeah I've a
save right there oh come on look at that
this may be the stream with the most bad
takes ever
I don't what do you mean bad takes I
don't they still don't like it that I
liked the last Jedi I legitimately like
opinion you don't like I'm I'm happy to
talk about anything that isn't Star Wars
people keep asking me about it you keep
asking me bottom so it comes up yeah
what are you gonna do future pres de are
be says hey Jack and rich hi future
present a thanks for the recommendation
on the Yahtzee box
I loved all of them oh yeah man that
um his two most recent ones above and
are just above and beyond good they're
good science fiction comedies this
differently morphus and will save the
galaxy for food I remember things I
remember things all the time I just
remember two things are really fantastic
books and I had it like if you're a fan
of sci-fi comedy okay so you need a
bridge to even get to them yeah right so
my bridge doesn't work those bridges are
closed and I can't think of any logical
way to get even to those dolls is gone
the pole is gone all of my old equipment
is gone unless I go back into the closet
and change back but what I'm thinking is
now that I'm in a janitor outfit maybe I
can go outside and snoop around outside
so the rest of your inventory is in your
normal outfit you have to change outfits
yeah maybe I don't know I'm saved right
here though why are the bridge is broken
well they're just they're retracted and
so ice it was a control panel on the
other door control panel next to the
door I did not see your control panel
and it did not mention a control panel
hmm you'd think there'd be one next to
you you would think there and so I'd go
in there and say look a door or look at
bridge or look at panel just to see I am
now sitting on a free credit inaudible I
was wondering if you have any other
recommendations for books
thanks love you guys I haven't been
reading too much lately the last good
one I read was we are legion we are Bob
which is unaudible
yeah yeah so if you're into the sci-fi
comedy I just got done I don't know what
kind of books you're into but I just got
done listening to the color of law a
history of racial segregation in the
housing
the implemented by the federal
government if you'd like a heavy listen
and now I'm moving on to something far
far lighter because that one was heavy
but it was very interesting if you're if
you're interested in that kind of thing
now I just got a book it's it's for my
kids like it's it's a kids book called
fizz beat rez top and the Black Mountain
yeah thirst beat treads top and the
Black Mountain and it's like a little
you know Dungeons & Dragons like
adventure of this little this little
like a this little person who runs
around the mountain collecting stuff
called Thursby tres top and it's
adorable okay okay so let's look around
it's adorable so far around you
cautiously under a darkened chamber a
seemingly bottomless shaft drops off
into a black abyss on a platform in the
center of the chamber are the two guys
from and Drummond and drama dia and Rami
da wiggle helplessly in lime jell-o the
platform can only be reached by the four
retractable bridges at each entrance the
only visible means of access to the
detention platform is by means of
retract offical retractable bridges
super me look at panel an array of
control buttons joins each door why
didn't you say something about that in
the look around Jesus Christ
alright but it's like you know we're
just try to mermaid push button
that is clear lettuce that is
and I like this game but that is
that was absolute
right you're supposed to infer from the
other doors look bro Austin ceases how
many DVDs or blu-rays do each of you own
do you have a fancy library full of them
or just random handful of discs I've
plenty of DVDs I never I never started
the blu-rays yeah I was like that we're
going straight the digital after that my
waist my waist my time REE buying
everything on a format that is already
on its way to being obsolete yeah yeah I
have I have a small handful of DVDs that
are like stuff that's very important to
me that I have everything else I've
purged and yeah digital everything all
digital everything I have a very small
collection of blu-rays and DVDs
you know stuff that I know that I won't
want to get rid of until I get like the
blu-ray version of like the clerks 10th
anniversary special clerks ex yeah the
giant history of clerks and and that I
it's probably out on blu-ray but I also
have it on DVD so I don't care like the
Lord of the Rings DVDs I have a few
television series Sports Night the
complete collection that I don't know is
on blu-ray
there's there's a movie I absolutely
love and I want to own a physical copy
of it no I mean I have a blu-ray player
and I know maybe I'll pick up a blu-ray
if I find it cheap but I'm just as fine
getting it on DVD honestly it's most of
the times it looks just as yes yeah I
hate you know it's kind of true I mean
this you know every now and then there's
some like fury road yeah I need a I need
a hard copy if here we road yeah oh yeah
yeah well and it's like oh what maybe
the blu-ray has bonuses or something
yeah sure
yeah you look around you get you get
whatever works I don't I don't
anywhere near as many as I have of DVDs
and I'm not about to like go on it spent
a ton of money replacing the I have
on DVD with the blu-ray release right
unless it's really important like I have
a I have like two or three seasons of
Batman the Animated Series on DVD but I
know that blu-ray is coming out like the
complete collection I'm upgrading to
that right away see I've got I've got
them all on the DVDs I'm gonna spend
hundreds of dollars just upgrade to the
blu-ray I'm not gonna do it am i doing
that's fine oh yeah okay I successfully
free the two guys from their slimy
confines and they begin to speak thanks
dude
it'd be great to get out of that it's
great to get out of that green stuff hey
what's your name Roger Wilco you admit
you admit that's a great way to put it
they they discovered our distressed
message we coded into the Astro chicken
game and sent us here as punishment
let's get out of here before we're
discovered oh oh oh so
what's your plan for getting us out of
here welcome oh oh Christ
Oh anyone do is one nobody's going
anywhere you must have thought you were
pretty clever mr. Welk Oh disguising
yourself as a janitor I did actually
unfortunately for you my boys found your
sorry excuse for a ship in the woods
escort this gentleman to the arena you
boys haven't seen a good fight in quite
a while do away with those two in
Drummonds they've been more trouble than
they're worth
take that away oh no no run punch
fight kick away the nuts ah you and the
two guys are separated and escorted away
a door opens and you are led into a dark
unknown what take that battle tech robot
fights you're probably wanna see if I
can
okay well : aim of the game is Nukem do
come robots the only rule is that there
are no rules sorry not now okay great
use arrow keys to control your robot use
the J key to punch use the M key to
block press any key to start you have a
limited power supply successful blow
will absorb my robots energy and vice
versa on the other hand a wasted
movement of any kind will rapidly
deplete your robots power sounds like
fun huh save saving
Blanca's M I'm trying am NOT k
wasted movements Jack don't block for
nothing every time you hit blog your
energies Goes Down Goes Down
oh listen this is me figuring it out oh
my god that's me figuring oh my god that
that was literally the worst I have ever
seen anybody do at the robot punching
minigame in Space Quest 3 literally the
worst yay yeah that's my mad punching
stress from zero to cheese and 27 I
figured out the cheese man what are you
gonna do get them you fools peace out
bitches oh so I'm just saving two people
like it's not like I'm saving all the
program nope
all right that's fine oh there we go
well Roger you done good you managed to
rescue the two guys and escape from
death duel on alive pest Yulan alive
looks like this'll be a milk run from
here on out
Siraj we really appreciate you saving us
at all okay yeah we were really scared
we didn't know what pug was gonna do to
us man hey we don't think we'd better
get out don't you think we have area
here pugs really sore and he pries sent
some ships oh sorry I didn't know I
could do anything warning shots
short-range fighters approaching from
rear weapons lock on detected oh oh
he didn't save oh no I did god damn
your games taking a forced wife's to us
rich I was in South Chicago so how do
you like the game so far worth fifty
nine ninety five at the time maybe by
today's standards well oh
have you died yeah screw speed for
no we're literally just wait how do I do
that
how do I do the shield's having the
correct shield up oh yeah there was a
way to do shields yeah and I forget how
weapons systems here we go be oh
he'd be ok
Wow target in rear in front target in
front left F how do you know where he
was what says on the bottom left okay
you you watch out that for me
it's okay I got my shields up okay
rear rear front
oh oh you dingus
ah okay this is action-packed I know I
know
we're is just like the targeting system
and the Falken front come down here you
dink back up caca okay I got right
we're okay why can't I hit this thing
haha you this is harder than it
looks
you x-wing fraud I got
damnit
hit him with the already
because the the targeting oh oh oh
I died so the targeting computer only
works on up-down left-right scale so
there's no like diagonal movement so you
have to go up and then it over it's it's
harder than it looks is what I will say
alright executive force crisis rich I
was in South Chicago last weekend to see
Slayers final tour I bet if doom guy had
a favorite song it'd be hell awaits also
got to try a real hero from what a 35
year old places near my hotel much
better than what I get in my town love
you guys oh yeah Chicago Chicago heroes
are the bomb ah oh
where do you go ah Jack alt-tab you
might not have seen that Jack all tabbed
out of the game accidentally
I hope that
this is Joe Flacco elate says hey guys
is there any particular reason you've
never streamed fortnight and doesn't
even seem to come up in the chat that
much which strikes me as odd considering
it's like the most popular video game
ever I also just think it would be make
a fun stream weekly we did the pub G
thing for a while yeah and you know for
tonight's not the worst ignore leave the
target Jen leave the target god damn it
oh I took them
what the dumb boater timestream once
what was just too big and we couldn't
download it in time was that the issue
yeah yeah yeah and you know it's fine
it's a perfectly acceptable game I there
are some aspects of it that I like
better just out of curiosity so can you
use the mouse i worth checking oh well
now you've killed me now you kill me i'm
guessing you can't someone in the chat
suggested trying it walk on is there a
lock on option oh my god that would be
great wasn't fast enough
I gotta be faster
controls in age when the enemy ships
comes from behind you will automatically
begin tracking using the directions key
nor mouse to move the target crosshairs
onto the target
there you go I think that hit the space
right fire ok mouse
oh no the mouse just the mouse just
moves it worse almost yeah it doesn't
follow the mouse that solves your
diagonal problem yeah kind of copy Greg
says even though Expanded Universe
material is now no longer canon there is
nothing stopping disney from unic using
it think Disney will do the Galactic
invasion by throwing four switches and
full-on magic solo shows they will
dredge up anything ok I read the thing
I've done them done talking about Star
Wars gosh darn it
Spacely sprocket says question about
cannon I take for granted that every
Marvel movie is part of the Canon but
when I watch Star Wars determinate her I
just pretend the shitty movies never
happen should we as an audience ignore
the creator's to enjoy the works they
make if if you enjoy it more that way
than yes I've done it before with media
I've broken it what's wrong I broke it
you broke it nothing's happening did I
win did you blow up a ship Oh No
use a navigation system so you can just
get the out of there
non-functional yeah
cruising speed does that do anything oh
they're back they're back yeah that
was weird
they came back Pro Austen ceases
Rosemary's Baby The Exorcist Kari have
you seen these classics and if so what
are your thoughts on ranking them also
do you guys find J's love of weirdo
movies like John water stuff and
Eraserhead cute annoying or somewhere in
between I don't find anything J's
allowed to like the kind of movies he
likes that's it's what he's into and I
don't have much thought on it one way or
the other I've never seen Rosemary's
Baby and it's been so long since I've
seen Carrie I'd have a hard time ranking
it so I guess it's the Exorcist by
default hunchback jack says rich hey
rich and Jack or Jack and Rich actually
they say I got it backwards
Jack I'm very impressed with your
puzzling skills I never would have
noticed the photocopier well done and
this is the first time I'm tipping with
streamed labs and it feels great thank
you
red galaxy says I don't know how much
you guys care for anime films but I
think some of them can be Jack I think
some of them can just be good movies in
general and transcend the medium such as
a Kiro and ghost in the shell do you
agree agree keep up the good stuff yeah
like I said say I agree with that I
never cared that much for a Kiro just
like everyone in akhira is unlikable
kate is a dick got me to turn nope okay
oh I locked on it locked on how did I do
that say attack speed if you're not
going that fast
I did I did move to attack speed this
time so maybe I was able to lock on
because I'm at attack speed now
oh you aim to walk on it locked on I
don't know how I locked on oh there oh
yeah this is much easier you just line
it up yeah you just line it up and it
just it does it all by itself no wonder
I wasn't able to hit it
I think Jetts Jack's getting in everyone
uh a little weak this thing she's dying
me well does it plugged into power that
goes there guys oh we're not connected
last weird
I'll say this about a key rila the
animation is impressive how's that I
said a nice thing about an anime there
you go so the anime is really the
animation is really impressive hmm
that's true my brother loves the
out of Akira it's fine movie if I move
it fine flick the remaining enemy ships
have given up and are heading back to
the planet it looks like you were just
too much for him that's right me a no me
an you really showed those bozos dinger
- now can we get some meat I know just
the place
you informed the two guys that
Lightspeed is no longer functional
they're not overly pleased by that piece
of news what now I'll never get any food
some rescuer you are what version of the
keywords did I see it was almost
certainly the original dub whatever that
is
Lightspeed me I saw a kira when it was a
new thing when it was a new thing yeah
let's go grab a burger oh okay great too
late you realize that you have no core
slate in the light engines kick in
before you can override you inform the
two guys that light speed is now
functional but it's out of control
they're not overly pleased with this bit
of news either ah we're gonna die
oh no why did I get up this morning
Jack yeah I hope you like anti-climb
axis careening blindly through space
your ship speeds towards a size of a
black hole once within the gravitation
of the black hole there's no escape you
plunge into destiny okay oh there you go
the overwhelming force of the black hole
draws your ship in helplessly you do
anything you and your passengers strap
in and hope for the best you enter a
blackness like no other you have ever
experienced all sense of time and speed
are lost suddenly a bright light becomes
visible in the distance it grows larger
as your ship races towards it finally
you are hurled out of the blackness into
a parallel universe
you cut the engines to sublight speed as
you near a seemingly habitable planet
it's so meta
it's so man up it's cute it's
cute
greetings earthling we are two guys from
Andromeda universally famous software
authors and I'm Roger Wilco space-age
swashbuckler and all-around nice guy
hello I'm Ken Williams president and
founder of Sierra online Bob so you two
guys are software authors hey what are
your credits you ever heard of a screw
chicken no good oh yeah how about you
two guys coming to work for me
I guess no just might yeah but you seem
like nice chaps
sounds good how many bukka's dudes does
it pay what say uh
mr. Williams do you need a janitor no as
our space saga comes to a close Roger
feeling a little left out struts off to
his ship with the satisfaction of
knowing his mission has been
accomplished the two guys from Andromeda
go on to create the Space Quest series
of adventure games reaping fame and
fortune they grow fat on their success
and soon become burnt out I assume that
was a joke about game development being
hard and so we did our hero a fond
farewell as his ship once again bursts
into Lightspeed course unknown by the
way 728 out of 730 not bad Jack it's not
a bad little little bad little quest
there the difference might have been
whatever the alternate kill is on the
Terminator well yeah that might have
been the difference however I did that
kill pretty pretty nice space quest that
was I felt pretty good about that I do
feel like just kind of ends yeah yeah
well you know you get there you get the
ship battle like that is pretty exciting
I guess filler
for an adventure game that's filler yeah
agreed agreed but you know a little
action e action yeah packs I guess
