Minit to Win it (pt 1)
May 2, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BL9vkxNhY-E

we started there's no problems with the
mics there's no problem with the
green-screen what well they won't know
that yet because it's a it's very it's
very dark right now behind yeah yeah
stream is live hello everyone doing
hello
right now it looks like we're gonna play
Renan it that is supposed to be an M
doesn't that look like rim minute we're
in in it ran in it hmm Avengers spoilers
ahead we'll save that for the end of
this dream it's still pretty fresh
though continuing my joke from last
dream we won't really be spoiling it for
everyone as it's made enough money where
I assume everyone has seen it by now
just fucking everybody it's made so much
money its projected is that does that
shock anybody that it's made so much
money it's well it's mcgann much much
like Pixar before their string of
failures it's just it's another it's hit
after hit yeah but this is the one this
is the one they've been building up to
right so I am absolutely not shocked at
all not shocked at all that they cracked
two hundred fifty million for the
opening weekend not shocked at all they
you know what they projected uh I'm
happy a beat Star Wars oh did it yeah oh
great if ant-man and wasp does decent
which comes out in a couple months
yeah it's projected that man wasp isn't
gonna do two hundred and fifty it's not
gonna do 50 million but if it does
decent its projected that Marvel could
make more money this year than the DC EU
has in its lifetime
yeah okay that's great yeah I think
that's funny you're saying this like
this is supposed to work the thing that
made the bad
okay I hear get right at them all right
hey everybody this is minute and you're
this little duck man I played a little
bit of a minute just to see if it was
something that I could play and it is
here's an out of town either of you read
the Infinity Gauntlet comics yes rich as
and other than maybe it's kind of
superficially related to the movie but
not not really
wait what
look the Infinity Gauntlet comics as
compared to the infinity war movie you
did not set that up at all all you said
was somebody asked to the chat if I had
read the Infinity Gauntlet or we had
read the another right and then you said
kind of related to the movies but not
really you didn't set up that it the
story was kind of related to the movies
I'm with you though I'm with you so the
story is somewhat similar in the comics
but not wholly sizzle I know his his his
drive is different as mochas motivation
is entirely different his motivation is
very different in the movie Danny feels
more or less like Thanos but his
motivation is entirely different yes
do
now I have the rings down a nap
Jenkinson to Templeton
Reed Richards defeat Thanos in the
comics no at least not in the old
Infinity Gauntlet there might be some
storyline somewhere where he did but in
the Infinity Gauntlet no basically all
of the heroes are completely useless
which is largely the point right
struggling against the impossible thing
so unless we gonna have a little Rockets
out so what is what alright what is
going on what are you doing
why is everything black and white this
is the same makers have done well I
don't know I don't know if this is the
same acres of down well this is minute
and the the elevator pitch for a minute
is once you pick up the sword it's a
it's a little adventure game and you
only have 60 seconds or you die
to beat a stage or the entire game need
to beat the entire game okay and so in
60 seconds you kind of have to figure
out how to get a little bit further and
a little bit further and maybe there's
paths you can open up and things you can
get but you only have 60 seconds can you
walk around without the sword no once
you pick it up you have it can you just
not pick it up yeah well then you just
can't give her a part because you need
the sword to that's what I'm thinking of
yeah that's the series of 30 second long
RPG adventures okay
I played a little bit of this so I know
that the guy the guy in the shop here
says it was to grow the guy says he
wants me to kill all the cracks and then
presumably after you die after the
minute the crabs will gum no no the
crabs respond so I think what I need to
do is kill the crabs and get to the cafe
okay
grab-grab so are you a duck oh yeah like
a duck maybe you took that curse sword
please drop by the factory ASAP okay
listen I only got a minute kid kill
these crabs what do we think of God of
war so far we already went we had the
discussion today oh and it's a it's a
it's a raucous it's a hoot Manny it's
it's a hootenanny there we go I got the
coffee wish there are some music
I'm not making it very far but now that
I have the copy I can push these things
and that's as far as I got when I played
it okay home okay is you know so it's
basically you know puzzle solving with
with time not on our side game audio is
a smidge Bob okay head over there take
care of her oh my god you did it you
turned it completely off what do you
think of that I think that might be okay
okay
Bridge turned it down a smidge
that's way
so is there going to be a song he wants
or is that just a thing I don't know a
cute thing I just don't know if you open
the bridge I'll take care of those
creeps okay all right
key down there that could be useful a
key down we're on the other side of the
plate where you came from
yeah so I got to find a bridge thing
there's on the other side of a bridge
Nerada look like you might be able to
find a way to walk around together yeah
I'd have to take another look though
well I'm on to other things oh here's
the thing I got the watering can that
leaves my sword but I still I still die
in 60 seconds
okay I got the watering can
apparently I could just water that once
but you can what are you
and I want my store back my story back
let's go check out that key situation
Chad hates this game great fuck it
oh there's a key Oh the fountain you'd
have coffee so obviously this boxes you
can portion there we go so I got to get
over there I probably won't make it in
this life here's probably to the
surprise of no one I I had pretty
middling feelings about God of War
mm-hmm
mostly I felt like it was lacking some
arty party bullshit that I felt like I
would have enjoyed in it and so I I want
to play this to refill my Artaud meter
this is my argue or your arty-farty
bullshit I don't see the art what's the
art that's a it's a cute idea yeah I'm
not seeing the arty-farty Jack it's look
at it boys how is your story translating
into game play house how's that working
well I don't know we haven't got you
back your sword on the head tell it it
did a good job I hope you can I'm sure
there's gonna be some sort of life
lesson about the value of time and life
and blah blah
there's always some sort of bullshit
who's already far the games get this key
there's a kill yourself button if you
want to quickly restart for some of the
puzzles oh I got the lighthouse key
that's what that key knows much the key
to the lighthouse okay but I don't think
I'd say hate it but I have no stronger
urge to play this okay so now the
question is I've unlocked the lighthouse
is it unlocked again or do I have to go
get the key again sir is there a in-game
reason for how you keep coming back
assert the sword I picked up his cursed
Oh
so the curse brings you back the curse
kills me and brings me back we assume
sort of the three hearts for those lives
do you get like 90 minute 90 seconds no
three minutes nope I don't know what
that extra heart will do I just got it I
presume it will help me in some fashion
I mean it's a heart it's so it's good
maybe maybe there's gonna be a thing
later where I get hit I got the
flashlight
great this game would be infinitely more
fun to play than watch I can't believe I
was worried it would be a sleigh the
spire stream that's some that's some
harsh criticism from Chad what's up with
Chad they don't they don't like this and
they don't like sleigh this fire or they
don't like either I think they're saying
they like this less good deal with it
how about that bug you I think I could
break that at home see if I can break
that point spend my life to break this
boat
it's wasting my life alright I'm gonna
try this kill yourself but they do they
have a dedicated kill yourself button
good perfect alright I have a flashlight
and if I remember correctly when I went
up here this little dude said please be
careful because this place is too dark
the dude does have music he likes when
you choose the right song he'll smile
that is a bull
in a sign matter
look at just agonizingly slow water to
walk through every location is 500 races
ghost is only one
all right so what what are we trying to
do right now what's going on I do
there's a saw haha okay well first
things first I think I think you're
gonna have to keep saying what you're
doing and what's of course it is for
this straight for a stream of this game
to work I'm with you so right now I'm
gonna head back to that coffee shop
place to see if I can find the right
song do you do you have to get coffee
every time or did you start with it no I
just start with it that's the good stuff
do you feel it everything is terrible
does that doing it does that do any good
I don't know do I get anything maybe
it's for something later okay so now
what I just noticed on this playthrough
is when I got to the other side of the
cave there was a song where shemin's
hates everything especially you for
asking if he hates I like out of war
god damn it you did
you did that's gonna be a fun edit and
we rich and I had a lot of a lot of
talkies that was we've recorded that's
it was about an hour of talkies for rich
and I for a previously recorded for wait
I want that yes I know that was hack
baat I'm still responding to it because
someone has done true someone had to
input the code it's badly I'm responding
to the person who made that hat PackBot
message yeah basically you know what
else I like Jack what do you like
fucking the Zelda breath of the wild at
1080p 60 frames a second so you didn't
even you've been playing it playing hey
I'm the plena cuz I've had to play God
of War but I did I did take the time to
set it up noticing like facial
expressions on link that I never really
noticed before
oh it's beautiful it's fucking beautiful
the facial expressions
express I minored in a blue cap to match
those champions tunic so you get that
you get that classic link feel mm-hmm
but the colors still pop oh yeah you
after after our stream on Sunday rich
was just showing off all the Marlins I
could this one oh it doesn't that one
look cool and by the way someone did
look legitimate you can get a full Giga
Klan outfit yeah yeah which honestly why
is there no Liga Klan outfit in breadth
of the line I don't know
wouldn't it be great yeah what it would
be great if you could find the you could
Klan outfit and then sneak into the ego
Klan base and they wouldn't attack you
for that divine beast mission well
that'd be cool that'd be a neat thing
Winkle from from the the dynasty warrior
Zelda game she's like female link yeah
well but that's what the game she's from
yeah she's from a Hyrule Hyrule Kingdom
is that what it's called
Hyrule warriors that's it oh okay by the
way check this out is I got to this area
and it said new home selected so now I
wake up over here okay that's so that's
how you get further as you have
secret temple
I'd show it off I don't know what the
legalities are of streaming that though
so I'm going to avoid it I mean morally
I feel fine I do own the fucking game
but legally speaking right it's probably
best if I don't stream there there might
be some gray area yeah if you are
earning money yeah yeah off of the
stream course does Jack come around to
emulators yet no I
I thought I thought modded Zelda breath
the wild wood would put him over the
edge that didn't make a dent
didn't make a dent it did make me a
little jealous cuz some of it looks
pretty fun so if it looks pretty fun
though I think it's too little too late
because uh I just defeated the the
champions ballad DLC nice and riding
around on that motorcycle might be the
best thing in the world so it's a new
dungeon eventually right do you get a
new oh yeah well so you get you get a
you get four you get twelve new trying
shrines and in order to get those
shrines each of them has like a little
thing to do before you get them either
it's like you have to defeat like a big
like a high knocks or something or you
need to get a specific item or you need
to do like little races it's cute it's
great it's a ton of content and this is
after the one-hit obliterator section
yeah then after that there is a full new
dungeon I'm just curious about one thing
yeah
doesn't have a new boss yes okay yes it
says oh oh and by the way that's the
other thing about so after the so every
section has three new shrines yeah
then after every shrine it's another
calamity Ganon boss fights okay one of
the old ones but they take away all your
weapons and give you one specific weapon
set to fight the boss with you
and so like you have to figure out how
to use what you have to fight the claim
it again and it's great okay and then
there's the new temple that has a new
boss fight and then you get a goddamn
motorcycle and it doesn't it's not like
a horse rich it's a motor it can climb
mountains it's a motorcycle that climbs
mountains
well I'm it can like if any place you
can walk you can ride the motorcycle
okay and it's great though like
basically all I've been doing is circles
I've just been taking taking it
everywhere I can in the map just to ride
my motorcycle like a fuckin badass
I thought that'll turn that motorcycle
and uh Sonic the Hedgehog
you can ride around on side the Hedgehog
I guess I don't want to say that I just
don't want to ride around in Sonic the
Hedgehog so even even now by the way
with all of like the bonus outfits and
stuff or it's like I had a the glow in
the dark skeleton costume riding around
on a motorcycle
using a giant boomerang already I'm
feeling kind of silly like I'm already
at that point in breadth of the wild
where like I just say to myself I should
have really really helped Zelda out cuz
I've been fucking around that's okay she
can wait I know that's the game you can
she can wait but I know mods can get a
little bit that's cuz because you can go
right straight to Ganon yeah the plot of
the game is literally the Zelda can wait
watering can I need the watering can
as Elsa couldn't wait I know and I after
I got the final memory I went back to
Impa and then impose just like you
should probably go help Zelda don't you
think
fuck I'm like no I just got a motorcycle
info so I'm pretty good what I'd say the
odds for Battletech tonight are pretty
low I don't want to Obama gonna at some
point get around to playing that on
stream but I don't want to do it blind
and I haven't played it at all yet yeah
now that we're done we got a war you got
a little time before we have to play
another thing yep and and so yeah you
can get a little into battle Tech or
whatever you know whatever you want
anyway this battle tech that'll take us
a new game about giant robots it's a
turn-based battle game but people tell
me is is very much like X come and I
will like it and I might but I haven't
gotten around to it yet
yes and someone was very very generous
ah fuck it scorpion
you know donating a copy to rich I'm
going to get around do it it's just the
timing for it has been very bad
what happened into the breach I wasn't
wasn't that interesting good doesn't
doesn't have the the staying power of
FTL
you know
wonder why that is I wonder why that is
rich
cuz it's neat look into the breach it is
you see me at the sign maker okay
yeah well
and this breach isn't prereq with you
worthy isn't it late now well and
there's just there's not a ton to talk
about hey
I'm sorry can't help you you know once
you get past the core mechanics it's
just kind of like it's just not me if
there's not there's not a ton of things
it's too into the breach and fortunately
it ain't no FTL
well I'm to be fair I don't know if FTL
FTL didn't get a full review before we
started was it yes oh well then there
you go one of the first video game
related things we talked about in person
that might be true that might be true
they're fast shoes a shit okay I need
seven coins I don't know if I just heard
you ring tone or what it was then
brought it up but oh that could be true
I for a while I had I had the the FTL
theme as my ringtone Oh Jack does the
video games hey I do it a video game
right we can talk about the video games
how meets Oh secret area Yoshi HS says I
have been a longtime fan of Arlen and
previously recorded I want to thank you
guys for years of entertainment and
always putting a smile on my face with
every video thank you glad glad to be of
service kill shoot we do we do the
things
what we you emulator do you use there's
something one that I am aware of so you
can you find these things on your own
man it's not hard
damn look if you can't fight it on your
own you'll never be able to get it
running Oh ain't that true true dad
emulators something oh well it's you
know it's not an official product so
it's not it's not like there's tech
support you can call yeah
but there are endless forums I'm sure
and with with prosper
there's some NES emulators there pretty
much plug and play it's not hard oh
right no but I'm sure with I'm sure with
proper Google foo you can like when I
just started up breath of the wild in an
emulator yeah it was running it like 28
frames per second at the normal
resolution oh yeah degree had to go and
do a lot of tweaking with this with that
so the processor emulation to this
factor you know you go to your graphics
card yeah beautiful now turn off this
specific shader yeah
I feel like there's something more over
here but I can't quite figure it out I
can't quite figure out this puzzle this
goes in here then I said I want to give
it like another one so what I'm doing
now is I'm looking for seven coins if I
obtain seven coins then I can get faster
shoes
we fucked well there's other shit I can
do too so I'm not I'm not terribly
worried there's a sign maker there's
like 10 boxes right there Jack I miss
what was going on there's something
where you needed boxes yeah but you can
only push boxes so while there was
indeed ten boxes right there I couldn't
do anything about the boxes
I need to find a way to cut trees
or go swimming
there's nothing there's nothing I can do
I've not been paying enough attention to
the game there's nothing I can do
no rich is useless it's just me you got
a deal with that you guys got a deal
with that you might want to save at the
house you don't come well I'm not I
don't really want to go over there aside
there's a lost person over here Oh Oh a
tentacle oh oh fuck I hit the kill me
button instead of the sword button that
that's the one downside to it to a
dedicated kill me button is sometimes
you press it that's all right
how can you be cray cray it's true rich
I do be cray cray
hey Oh dad I get it what do you supposed
to get it was a tentacle did I get the
tentacle can i chat UM's I have a
watering can I have coffee I don't have
a tentacle loopy dog wants to say guys
thanks for great content do you guys
choose who is on the best of the worst
episodes there's just two is there that
day night there are always someone
behind the camera or so just locked off
we have enough people there's someone
behind the camera frequently there isn't
oh yeah but even if there's someone
behind the camera actually like the
cameras are locked off so it's never
anything we have to worry about
generally speaking if there's someone
off camera they are monitoring audio
yeah cuz that seems to be the problems
that we have the most is a microphone
glitches out or levels start spiking for
weird random reasons but usually there
is no one behind the camera mmm usually
we set up all the shots and then we get
in front of the camera
that tenant
get that temper as far as who's in the
episodes and him who's free who make it
right who wants to be in the discussion
it's not very formal no
who thinks they have something to say
maybe I do you were in last episode I'll
be in this episode it's yeah what is a
gimmick that's the game yeah no I can't
fault it for that that's the that's the
challenge that's the game I got the
sword thrower Mario man that's the game
like that be like they'd be like oh man
you know punch-out isn't really
interesting count a concept with that
punching gimmick I bet it gets old after
a while
it's like the timer dead rising I love
it a lot of people bitched endlessly
oh shit about it no but see like look
now now I can throw my sword oh yeah
ah I got a head and if you die it's not
like you go very far so I'm not I'm not
gonna really be worried about it alright
I think did I get your tentacle back
I hit a tentacle I lost my tentacles can
you help me I'm still looking for 7 what
sad Vegas is the gimmick is the time it
also how the game extends itself instead
of being just a straight-up puzzle right
well yeah the gimmick and Mario is they
have pits that extends the gameplay
because sometimes you fall into the pits
yes I mean you know if it's just a
straight line the artifact the length of
Mario Brothers wouldn't be artificially
extended just a flat line you run across
right right but they had to put in this
gimmick of jumping jumping oh it's like
like come on what am I supposed to do
jump the whole game trying to extend the
length
and this is what you sound like people
do you understand so you might not like
it yeah yeah I don't think that's a fair
criticism no that's
it's the game it's the point right well
so yeah hopefully within the sixty
seconds you either figure out how to get
somewhere faster or find an item that
gets you to a new place or or maybe the
60 second to help it helps keep you
engaged no that's uh Majora's Mask never
played it I played it when it first came
out and I hated it because I was a fan
of ocarina I'm gonna be totally honest I
had never played it because at the time
I did not like kid link right I want to
be a kid link for a whole damn game and
so I never played it and I know that's
superficial but that that was my goddamn
reasoning if that's your reason that's
your reason kid like stupid nice I don't
want to be a little kid he's fine
they want to figure out this puzzle
skull ninety years later I really like
one week Waker so go figure
well Toon Link is a different beast yeah
that's true
what does that mean yeah but you get to
be a goron link I hate the garance the
gorons are lame well having stupid caves
I never liked the gorons the Zora I'd
get behind that you like the Zora the
girl god yeah really
Goren's just stupid I think the Cora's
there the rock eating morons that live
in cave there's a there the Klingons of
the of the Zelda universe right and as
you'll know I like the Romulans far more
villains
oh I do know that
there's another secret
now get me
he could do
and go as far as I can see if I find
anything last time I thought ghost and
that Ghost gave me a sword
the bird people are fine yeah that one
you know the breath of the wild actually
gives some character to to all of the
the races of Hyrule more than more than
ocarina did you know having like Ravalli
as the the the proud and egotistical
bird man you know the the the Gerudo
queen you know being basically Wonder
Woman it's great being an Amazon and
it's too far off from how they were
trading Oh Kirino oh wait no that's
right isn't it
it's ocarina it's how I say it god
dammit you axe it I accidentally said it
right how dare you rich
it's gone wrong to be right
ocarina is the correct way of saying
look when you when you put an obscure
word that nobody uses is part of the
title for your game and nobody says it
aloud
yeah I'm okay to get it wrong oh wait
it's ain't no current up to 20 years I'm
not gonna stop now
I got Reena get in there the gardening
glove press a ticket oh yes I can cut
trees now factories are bad - Hector e
sir what's perfect ha ha I can cut trees
now that's great that's great Titus
isn't that a final fantasy character
Titus
I guess it's pronounced t dos I would
have said Titus yeah yeah well there you
go I also would have said Titus shit
there's a faster way to do this
doo-doo-doo it's actually pronounced
clean they said a cloud from final
fantasy that's their cloud is that
anyhoo Titus is the worst final fantasy
that's but that's like telling me which
piece of horse shit smells the worst
night Oh My glob
getting some boat wood there's only one
tree
it grows close to snakes oh good yeah
you got a little got some missions now
can I put you up in something in that
face I want to find out what's in that
vase Jack fucks up that staircase screen
every time probably we're gonna
anonymous says about us I just saw a
dead bolt on steam devil and it made me
think of that terrible joke that
comedian told Jack please retell the
story of hearing the joke because it's a
very good story
PS gorons wool fox or up if I if I had
to choose I would obviously like you
know me I like my did big dumb thing so
I would choose gowron's I'm finding it
shocking tonight that people love the
Doros what I am father I never thought
they were interesting the gorons are the
big lovable oaths of the yes they're
also they're big and lovable here
they're big lovable hopes that great tie
one to a plough and have it till my
field it's a big oaf I don't have no use
for it
they eat racks rich they're great I
haven't do some menial labor there's a
few peas they eat rocks they they give
you jewels because they don't like the
jewels cuz they taste bad they don't
understand that jewels have value to us
humans think they roll around like balls
on a gorons a great man yeah they roll
around like a bowl great stupid they're
so stupid no they're great they're
adorable they're the big boat they're
the big dumb puppies of the Zelda
universe
Oh Chad go get your panties in a bunch
I'm not being serious and I'm talking
about fictional characters but which one
do you like the myth
but this
which one did you stop watching
wrestling early 90s early 90s I know it
doesn't mean much so there's a real
specific reason why loss of interest
let's do specific enough no no
particularly great reason does there
have to be a great reason besides like
you grew old and didn't want to watch it
anymore yeah like I'm older now I don't
want to watch something that I know is
faking isn't necessarily entertaining to
me well he was the worst I got a bone I
got a bone
there any puzzle blowing do an active to
keep my bone
get up in my room it is a toilet
okay there's a bowl why do I need to
boom what do I need to bone gotta figure
out why I need the bone bitch wrestling
is real it's not CG or anything but but
by that logic Star Wars is real star
well 1977 Star Wars there was no CGI in
that let's not see it's not CG and
everything practical effects it was real
Star Wars is real everybody Star Wars is
real that makes sense that would kill me
there's no CGI on Star Wars there there
aren't there isn't CGI in Star Wars but
there is effects there is generated
effects they just didn't use a computer
Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome real to see
there you go it's real 100 hundo percent
do real
yeah a safe way to detonate these bombs
i'm so done here oh wait I know nope
still killed me
her wrestling may be scripted but you
can't fake gravity
nobody's saying they're not actual
athletes whatever I do respect that oh
sure sure well that's that is a sporting
event it is fake there is no competition
it's not a competition it's performance
art this good performance art performed
by talented athletes yes
that's exactly what it is performance
aren't but when you when you try to pass
something off as a real sporting event
and don't kid yourself back in the day
they tried to pass that shit off as real
to the point where they had wrestlers
hitting news reporters who tried to say
it was fake but yeah it's fake oh it's
totally fake it's still a fake one you
know I think that's where that's the
point where we're at now with wrestling
where everyone is like no it's fake but
they're athletes and I don't I don't
know if people realize that you know the
70s and 80s it wasn't that way where
everyone knows right that way right
right many people thought that it was
real
and they went out of their way to have
people believe it was real yeah that do
bitch what did that do oh the bridge
okay shit
everything's fine everything's gonna be
fine
it's gonna be fine right
oh okay
mr. Paz
who's mr. ass rich is he a wrestler I
have no idea okay I just looked over in
the chat and it said who misses mr. ass
I thought you might know I'm gonna sue
that factor breathe oh great
I did it I did it I'm doing it I'm not
100% sure what I'm doing
great I can't remember the name of the
wrestler that injured John Stossel like
the reporter John Stossel yeah no he
seriously injured you know start
interviewing the wrestler time how
that's all fake isn't it and one of the
wrestlers would be playing a heel and so
he's supposed to be the bad guy and
because it was supposed to be real he
stayed in character and he slapped John
Stossel on the side of the head and gave
him like some kind of ear damage a slap
who says it seemed fake to you or
something along those lines
yeah there was an other incident oh god
what was had what was his name
Hulk Hogan I choked a reporter out on
stage really uh not a reporter uh and he
was hosting a talk show but was he in
one of the csi's what was his what was
his name
Richard Belzer thank you yeah a whole
Cogan said I'll show you I'll show you
move you tell me if you think it's fake
you know put him in a real move on stage
he passed out and then he what he fell
backwards after ho Colvin let go he
split his head open what his head hit
the ground no that's crazy
he hops up and you could see the back of
his head he's covered a blood yeah well
be right he's completely out of it we'll
be right back
then they cut the commercial then he was
he was out of it for a little bit
Hulk Hogan had to pay Richard Belzer
millions of dollars because hey it's
real we gotta sell it as bleep oh fuck a
reporter or something ask you to you
know say it's fake do a real move on
them to for real vote oh don't do the
fake version we do that's terrible
well to be fair I think the head's
splitting open was an accident
oh well of course just go gentlemen pull
him in a headlock and knock him out but
I don't think he intended for the
reporter to fall and split his head open
right round afterwards oh of course not
of course you can watch that one on
youtube as well as the John Stossel one
but how many World Series were faked
well that we know of one but to be fair
once that was uncovered it was a scandal
and not a yeah we do this all the time
that's entertainment
so it's it's fine I think it's fine to
enjoy pro wrestling I've enjoyed it in
the past but I don't I don't think you
have to get upset at somebody when they
call it fake because it's fake it
doesn't mean that doesn't mean we're
calling these people before athletes I
mean it's good performance art
occasionally
it's good performance art I think
actually they my guess is wrestling fans
would take a would take a bigger slight
at calling it performance art really
that's the best description for what it
is of course it's very accurate
description it's a very accurate
description range but you know no it's
it's a sport it's it's they're athletes
all sorts of malarkey
great
and stuck in the sand patience helps a
hand what I had little ghost buddies now
I got little ghost buddies who try to
give me hints but they actually just
make me more confused what if I say all
sorts of stuff and patient helps and
right now I am just trying to fill the
hotel with as many people as possible I
don't know if that will do any good but
you know
about you today the affair the risk of
seriously injure yourself always present
and when it happens it's actually real
yes but the competition is still fake
something might get injured at any time
but star wars is still think
I think the thing people are calling
fake is the competition aspect of the
fake competition right right it'd be
like it'd be like if it'd be like
watching gymnastics yeah
but ahead of time they told you who was
gonna win Mary Lou Retton is definitely
gonna win everyone would still agree
that all the contestants are proper
athletes oh they all jumped in flipped
in shit that's great but we wouldn't
call it a competition we would just call
it a gymnastic show in which Mary Lou
Retton won its Mary Lou Retton a gymnast
I don't know why I went to gymnastics I
guess it's an athletic thing
and get some burgers nice did it I did
found that dudes credit card
sound of water you know what I don't
think it's possible to stay underwater
forever very cryptic I said I figure
what's going on over here huh
maybe nothing joven be a great glory
hole Kogan yeah I have not thought much
about Hulk Hogan past him being a
wrestler I'll be honest with you
and of course suburban commando was that
him he's a big large Jacko
who says brother all the time you know
what brother this is rock you're my
brother brother oh my god Ritz you might
be right bring it all around oh all
right you know what hold on for a second
I need some caffeine
it would be a really really awkward
sidequest though the whole Colgan Goron
sidequest well cuz yeah if you ran it
you have to make peace between the whole
Colgan LED goron tribe and the local
african-american community I was gonna
make yeah he's he's nervous about those
Gerudo woman they're a little too tan
for his taste yeah you have to go on the
quest to retrieve his sex tape you know
what brother do me a salad
they're way up
oh there you are