Once More, Into the Breach! (part 2)
March 7, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E5q5-n0Z1PM

anonymous says hey guys thanks for
getting me through another Wednesday of
all the crazy conspiracy theories you
have ever heard of
is there any which you just can't check
the feeling that it's possibly true JFK
but which version of the JK and who did
it right right not necessarily the
grassy knoll but that somebody paid to
have him killed and I could see it there
what what's one of the strip the
stronger versions is that it was who was
his vice president johnson johnson that
it was johnson's doing because johnson
really wanted to go to war and kennedy
who didn't the mobs not a bad one though
the mob his Finlay was hard on the mob
sure sure and both he and his brother
died right the person that assassinated
the hip man was a mobster i'm not saying
it was definitely the mom but I'm just
saying I could see it I can see it there
as far as Kennedy's assassination is
concerned there are a bunch of very
compelling conspiracy theories yes ideas
Johnson is a dumb one yeah Johnson makes
a lot of sense for what so he'd be
president for three years and tie his
business interests to the war effort
alright alright he became goddamn rich
off of the war
come on rich watching too many Oliver
Stone movies the question was which one
can you see being real and it's in we we
fully admit that all of these are just
theories they're just conspiracy
theories but which one could be real I'm
not saying there's a smoking gun and it
was definitely a conspiracy but yeah I
can see that being a thing yeah I got a
lot of things I can do
I'm not really I got we're gonna spin
some fucking reactors yo so on that
fucking I'm not using it why do I need
it
yup
yeah is there any one of those that
you're not really using either like what
about the the turn you know the punch
one that just turns their attack are you
using that not really but I can see
where that could in the future be useful
you could absolutely you know you can
sell that and get another energy power
or just have to grid power and be full
grid power which would be nice right now
there's there's one other's options you
got lots of options
I really haven't gotten used to that
it's done do it I've made my choices
we're done get you another power that I
mean that's someone's help that's that's
more more movement which could be huge
you constantly find yourself I've
noticed this play through just a 1
square away from being able to do
something yeah you know
I just do that one move on everyone
oh my god oh but I want is extra damage
I'm not gonna afford that that's a pipe
dream that's it it's a beautiful dream
it's a beautiful pipe dream there but no
it's never gonna happen you could spend
it all right now and get it all but then
you know and you still have even if I
spend it all I wouldn't get it yeah
you have three well you have to get this
first right no oh you don't I don't you
know what I'm gonna say that that I
don't believe you need to I think you
can just get the two damaged if you want
does Jack know what he's talking about
does rich need it does rich need to get
the - first and then - damage I think
you can get just the two damage first
hold on that's all the four damage is a
lot that's that that's a one punch kill
for for a lot of the enemies that's a
lot then I couldn't bring him up to plus
oh wait no that's just an extra one you
do not need it first I'm seeing a lot of
you do you can just get the two damaged
don't need - I need to kill things
quicker I would like to be able to kill
things quicker will you be able to move
to them yes okay yes
fuck it fuck it fuck it you get you get
that one a little like one extra
movement and it's it's pretty it's
pretty dang unstoppable
however - five tiles and kill is an
achievement that gets you an unlocked
coin
yeah I'm streaming this I want to have a
good run
absolutely people people are already
calling it the mega punch run you people
know me so well any favorite TV movie
streaming apps you know I know this is
something rich you and I talked about
off camera yeah but I don't know if I've
talked about it on stream of how much
I've been enjoying YouTube red I don't I
just guilt-free get rid of ads it's the
only thing I've really used before I
haven't watched that much of their
original programming honestly I have
watched zero order programming but
watching YouTube without ever having to
worry about ads guilt-free it has been
amazing watching like just listening to
albums or YouTube music or or audio
playlists with my phone locked has been
great I've been really enjoying
YouTube's bread I got it as a on a whim
because I was about to go on some
flights and I wanted to download some
YouTube videos and so it's like you know
what I'll get I'll get YouTube bread for
a month and download these videos that I
can watch on the plane because there's
no Wi-Fi on the plane and it just turned
into such a lovely experience watching
all of these what just how much YouTube
I watch I now get to enjoy add free and
guilt free because we are YouTube
content creators so
it would be incredibly disingenuous
dissing genuine of us to use an ad
blocking program
do you guys get extra money when I yes
so you know we get a little portion from
YouTube bread if you watch one of our
videos on YouTube
absolutely that's how it works
you you pay and and all the creators you
know instead of watching instead of you
know the advertisers giving YouTube
money that they then give to the
creators YouTube just gives a little bit
of your YouTube bread money to the
movies and it's nice do this this goes
bad other than that I like the Netflix
Amazon is all right
they don't Amazon doesn't have the
content I would like but it already
comes with one damage I could take that
I can take that you could take that the
thing with Amazon Prime is you know you
get the free shipping you get the
streaming you get the twitch integration
stuff like you have an Amazon Prime
account it comes with a lot more so like
that I'm okay with Hulu a bit
if I had to choose just one over
probably Netflix because their original
programming is on point but that's about
it
Amazon Prime has the entirety of far
easier I did not know that that would
that's great background that's great
background listening that so how do you
feel about being overcome and you still
got a robot to freeze well that that's
doable you can freeze the robot wait
rich if you if you punch or if you move
that squid out of the way yeah you can
freeze the robot and then have your
freezie gun block the upcoming one it'll
kill them but you have you'll have both
robots frozen anyway I might be able to
do better than that
oh okay we'll see we'll see we'll see
okay well let's see yes new Jessica
Jones tomorrow Jessica Jones season two
tomorrow
super hyped fucking love Jessica Jones
and after the utter utter
disappointments we've had as far as my
freeze him he can take a hit right well
if you freeze him he can take a hit but
then he's unfrozen and then you'll have
to freeze him again
but yes if you freeze him he can take a
hit
but after after Luke Cage and fucking
iron fist and the defenders I'm ready
for some quality Marvel Netflix again
and I'm ready for season 2 Jessica Jones
no no no no no this time I wanted to
waste
wrong button presses yeah oh sorry
okay what's your plan what's your plan
tell us what you think of me
freeze him somehow shove him down but if
I'm shoving him over though and that's
not gonna work
alright fuck it fuck it fuck it all
right you need you need some experience
I'm just gonna get the damn kill fuck it
great
I don't want to destroy this thing this
could be really useful it could be and
you know you don't have to you don't
have to destroy it yeah you can block
with your other guys but you should at
least freeze the other Ronald I'm going
to you know that's on the agenda it is
on the agenda you know what I was
working on this morning rich by the way
I find because you know I've been
editing the episode I started doing the
voice recordings for what I'm gonna be
cut what I'm I think I think I'm going
to title Bale's Batman the Animated
Series ok Bale's Batman the Animated
Series you know you know like no one
else that was I thought that was gold
Jack no one nice is all right but I
think Bale's Batman speaks more clearly
to what it is okay he's Christian Bale's
Batman in Batman the Animated Series so
you know I went through I watched the
episode I've wrote down all my lines not
many of them by the way yeah something
you and I have learned watching Batman
the animated series episodes looking for
the proper episodes is Batman does not
talk a lot in his show
bail just did with gnome told him no
that was bales idea bail I don't care
it's funny it's funny bail has gone on
and on about how that voice was his idea
but I wrote down all all the lines and I
started doing the voice and then I went
to put the voice into the cartoon and I
realized something which is I need to do
it a lot faster every everything needs
to be so much fast yeah you know all of
my Batman lines sound better why do I
need to talk last so I got to do it a
lot faster I need to so I need to redo
which should make Jack happy some show
don't tell is good yes well no and you
know Batman is very compelling character
being silent his actions speak louder
than words
but I need so I need to talk a lot
faster and then the hard work is going
to come when I need to fill in the
background noise you know because I've
put my voice over Batman's but it's not
just putting it over Batman's I also
need to get rid of Batman's voice which
means also redoing music the music and
any background noise that's in there so
are you in the whole episode you just do
chunks the entire because that's the
joke okay okay and then we're gonna see
how YouTube's copyright BOTS let's deal
with it and poorly poorly yes because I
will just then upload the entire episode
as bales version and and see what
happens
joke see that's the thing disti that's
why you need the hole up freeze yourself
and the target that's not good that's
not good that's very interesting though
this is just for the term I assume you
stay frozen until you are knocked will
see that that's why you upload the whole
episode cuz the joke is gonna get old
but Batman actually does not talk that
much and so then you know the the the
actual episode will go away from Batman
for a little bit and the viewer might
forget about Christian Bale's Batman
voice until he starts talking again and
it's ridiculous it's gonna be perfect
I'm really excited yes you could freeze
yourself on top of an emerging bug but
also having that be concurrent to
freezing another enemy
and I need the power for it oh god oh
god no oh dear I'll look into that
Cousteau's a Bill and Ted comic
miniseries I will look into that
if YouTube strikes it down you might try
uploading it to Vimeo yeah that's not a
bad idea
that is not a bad idea I do have a Vimeo
account really going crying watching huh
try yeah I mean yeah do it you do you
you get some health or your buildings
immune back yourself one power to spend
interesting
Warner Brothers is finally releasing on
blu-ray this month Batman and mr.
Freeze's sub-zero and isn't the entire
animated series coming out on blu-ray
soon that's a lot of monsters monsters
and you can't kill the robots if you
want them stars well wait so you took
the cryo gun right the freezie gun yeah
okay yeah cuz the Jats coming up with a
lot of a lot of good situations to use
it in you know setting yourself up to be
hit by an enemy
yeah but then freezing yourself yeah
yeah there's there there's some
potential with this weapon
there is some potential rich do I
control these guys
are they powered
can you move them right now oh it's a
mine bot they just place mines so no you
don't control them robot help but you
don't control Oh and actually infra red
riding-hood says you can repair out of
being frozen if you have to that's good
to know that adds to the strategy so
many layers so many blame I already
fucked you no yes no yes yes no you're
fine how do I get out of this little
situation I can't move him or the robot
gets bit gets the killed what if you hit
him with your long-range push the robot
one way push him up to the other one
push them both this fight hit the square
in between them push them each other's
way
freeze
how much help I need to move this guy
twice or kill him which I don't think
can happen you can freeze him then this
guy's gonna kill this building you can
move him how with your other candidate
what other cannon your cannon up there
your your your your other the him him
yeah that's the one that it's cannon
yeah he's the one that needs to freeze
I'm fucked he has the freeze
he's got the freeze yes I thought your
other one had the freeze
no oh yeah you're fucked yeah what
weapons does your other guy have I can
move them both but that's just gonna
destroy a building
oh yeah you're fucked I'm sorry I
thought your other tank had the freeze
gun so I thought you were fine but no
you are not fine Oh unless you can kill
them well then the building guys
let's think this through
let's think this through here so he's
got the jumper he's got the freezer okay
no here's what you do right yeah fuck no
you're totally fucked you're losing a
building no matter one jump huh
how much damage
oh yeah he's doing okay so here's how
you minimize damage yeah is you can you
can either saving the robot jack pull
via artillery to the bottom left freeze
the Mantis from their bottom left what
he can't even hit the Mantis from here
or here or here he needs a straight line
here's the there's the area of effect
yeah so we can free but we can the only
place I can hit the Mantis from is one
of these three squares right but you can
punch the brown bug yeah I don't shoot
the angry one move the beetle here's
what happens if I punch the Brahma I
can't punch the brown Bart you can't if
I punch the brown bug he knocks into him
yeah and then I believe he also knocks
into the thing and unfreezes the bro Bob
right well the robots not frozen you
have the you have a beetle front oh the
beetle frozen I don't want to unfreeze
the beetle that would be bad well but
now then he again then the beetle kills
this robot Oh was the beetle going to
attack I think so or did the beetle no I
think the beetle just got frozen so if
you unfreeze the beetle nothing happens
I don't think the beetle was going to
attack so that's fine I think take the
the star hit instead of the power grid
head no take this ooh that's my that's
my thing though I don't want to lose
that grid man you play like a coward
absolutely and I win running away is a
valid strategy rich because then you're
still alive I can't perfect this term no
you have to decide whether you want a
grid to die or whether you want to
started I had rather lose a grid I got
more and that's that's that's your
choice it's fine that's absolutely fine
then freeze the Mantis and thank this -
damage to the Mantis the Mantis has
three I could kill the Mantis and that's
I think there's just gonna be what I
have to do you can kill the Mantis yeah
but I can't do anything about him right
I can do that and do that okay I don't I
don't approve of Richie strategy but
that's fine this is written you know I'm
not I'm just here to give my advice
which does not have to take my damn it's
what I did a slight bad okay bad enough
that I reset and that might be a mistake
but rather than outright killing the
Mantis I can kill and block and that's
far better and that's that's worth the
reset that is absolutely far better cuz
now only one enemy is gonna pop up ah
the grid mag ludus you should love this
music
get it on a go to band camp go to Bend
grunty's band camp
first of all night then front II is the
is the composer of the soundtrack he did
the FTL soundtrack as well
good shit man just good shit
this is great I was listening to this
soundtrack over and over while editing
Yale he dies in water he dies in water I
didn't know he'd nothing else dies in
water of all the bugs die in water that
is a robot
what's water
son of a bitch well fuck that just sucks
you have to have the massive trait
and now I feel bad
look I couldn't I couldn't reset that
I'd love to reset that you're gonna
freeze I know I know yeah man that's
that's no good
now you lost it you lost it but you can
still get the 1 star for defending the
other robot so that's something but you
lost the robot anyway Jack will you ask
rich to turn the grid coordinates to
turn on grid coordinates in options I
don't know what that means
what's grid coordinates I know I got
shit to do
Rich's got shit to do so he's not doing
it not going to do it and I'm sorry
sorry not sorry I think they might be oh
okay I get it the coordinates of the
grid so people can say rich move a to to
be dirty
all right so people can help oh yeah all
right that's cool so yeah now if we do
want to discuss strategy we can we can
actually like talk to each other like
real humans it says go down there and do
the down thing right right all right
that's that's a good suggestion thank
you yes I hope Jack remembers his rows
and columns yes now you did it firstly
just numbers and letters so 3a it's like
it's like battleship now absolutely but
I remember the columns like the
Colosseum in the columns the columns see
oh my god I remember do you call him
like you see him ah what movie do you
love that was widely panned now is there
any movie you love that was widely
panned love I know as a kid I liked
Howard the dark Iron Man 3
my love for Iron Man 3 goes far beyond
anyone elses know what I can say that
was panned I don't think it was
appreciated properly fans I don't think
people loved it as much as they should
and so that's gonna be my go-to just
because I fucking love Iron Man 3
I know it wasn't panned but it wasn't
appreciated as much as it should have
been small Ransom all right well ball
rats was panned but found its audience
later on DVD so like mall rats was
slightly panned not fully panned he's
already a lot of shit going on fucking
love mall rats that was my jam
yeah there's already a lot going on you
can do this though this is easy this is
easy man
you've got this
push a bug into water maybe definitely
definitely not fucker that's a great
idea
yeah oh you just moved that one that
other bug is just gonna run into a
goddamn wall like an idiot look at it
gonna hit anything what an idiot
wait you could push a bug into water
III know I'm thinking Joe I'm sorry I'm
sorry I'm sorry I'm very sorry I don't
mean to disturb your flow but there
there's been a couple occasions where
you've acted a little too quickly and
had to reset your turn and I just wanted
to make sure that no I don't want it now
it's just you know I'm just trying to do
my best rich Evans here I'm just trying
to a beer be your wingman I'm not trying
to backseat game I'm just making sure
you've thought of all the angles it's
all good
kick it in the backseat MERS a MERS
Merricks Amer's says hello i was
inspired by your fun injustice
playthrough to read the great injustice
comic rich what do you have an opinion
on guy Gardiner not really
he seems so much more interesting than
Hal Jordan or John Stuart I just don't
have a strong opinion on Guy Gardner I'm
I apologize for that
I only know of Guy Gardner through the
cartoon Batman brave in the bold that
I've watched with my kids and he's for
for anyone who doesn't know all I know
about him is he's kind of the fuckup
Green Lantern alright I've not played
this game anywhere near as much as you
okay what's the deal with these little
guys I have to save them or can I
destroy them what's their story all all
your objective is is defend the robot
factories what are these little guys and
what are they doing and what do they do
so they shoot a projectile that causes
the target to burn and does one damage
why are they attacking things because
they're robots man they thought the
robots were on my side Jack sometimes
they're on your side sometimes they're
not man block rogue AI oh if you for
anyone who's playing this game if you
hold down control over anything it gives
you it gives you some more info
information yeah so I say treat the
robots as hostile
this game keeps giving me unwinnable
situations jack that's isn't that the
point of a game uh is to give you a
hurdle to go through man oh no you got
this you can do this no I can't I really
can't he's already moved oh shit okay
yeah you're right
he can't move right and he can't hit oh
can he can jump can't
I'll be there we go
boom Shakalaka boom Shakalaka whatever
happened to the jacks latest fire beat
or pass out stream in trying to schedule
that what I've realized is that's kind
of a logistical nightmare because part
of the what while it is an incredibly
funny idea and I think would make for a
really engaging stream the other part of
the scheduling of that is making sure
that you know someone's there to watch
my kids in the morning because I'll be
useless and that that gets hard to
schedule so it's looking like it might
not happen even though I think it would
be very funny we'll see what happens as
we get closer for the 1.0 release and
slay the spire maybe that'll be a fun
slay the spire is actually out now a
thing
so Guy Gardner Guy Gardner is a Green
Lantern who but he's kind of a fuckup
it's kind of an asshole
yeah he's the asshole Green Lantern but
he's still a Green Lantern like he still
has like the power of the Green Lantern
though yeah it's kind of a dickhead and
I don't know if that makes him a more
compelling character or just a dickhead
I just don't know that much about him
I'm just I'm not familiar enough to
really say yeah go Green Lantern's are
strange Green Lantern's are very strange
oh you're being so nice to me this trend
alright but are they at least he has a
character yeah I like in in any of these
situations I want hopefully everyone
kind of wants a character with flaws so
we can watch them overcome those flaws
that generally makes for a more
compelling character I just don't know
enough about Guy Gardner to be honest
you want you want an underdog
I want another dog you might want
something completely damaged five well
you can take care of him and I just got
to worry about the other Schmucks well
what's the attack order I can do this
okay alright you can do this you've got
this you got this
right right
yeah well yeah yeah maybe Devon I just
got a last one turn oh okay oh they
definitely been definitely yeah yeah
then you got it then you got it jo kitty
says it's okay to run away unless you
live to fight another day
there's no there's nothing wrong with
the Cowardly way out that's a that's a
valid strategy that's easy
deflate a mouse says hey Jack any chance
you will do a switch stream anytime soon
the splatoon bayonetta kirby is coming
out I just got a game on the switch that
I bought solely for a stream idea I had
as soon as spring hits us I think I
thought a fun idea would be a spring
cleaning stream and I have that that
first person clean up after the dune guy
game yeah and then a game that I got on
switch because it was on sale that's
like a stealth clean up after mob hits
game that I thought could be fun so we
could do a spring cleaning stream okay
so yes
other than that I don't know well wait
until Hyrule warriors comes out there
the Hyrule warriors Ultimate Edition is
coming out on the switch and I kind of
want that oh shit
hold on
that is a truly horrible idea oh I think
that's fun I think it's cute and we're
doing a themed stream it's gonna be
great
it's gonna be fucking great you're gonna
love it - put him here yeah blow them
apart
boom him next to him kills him yep
damages him doesn't kill him but gets
him out of the way important and kills
the robot which who's gonna do major
damage and then I got room to come down
here and kill him I don't think that's
what I need to do what is the purple guy
do all other Veck have incoming weapon
damage reduced by one oh that's not an
issue this term okay great great
great I need to kill him now or block
all right kill him now
the way I think I can want to do it
damage for I can you got some decisions
do I do you do there people in chat are
saying armor effect must go
I can easily get him next turn there'll
only be two enemies on the map three
there'll be three enemies on the map
if I kill him there's still three
enemies on the map did you take your
meds the day you came up with that idea
oh I thought it's a cute idea spring
cleaning and we'll have a game day where
we do cleaning games this is funny
that's cute that's cute
it's cute see below my cute jack Oh cute
spaz a jack well I don't give a fuck
what's pass a I think it's cute I'm
doing it gonna be crazy
well the other thing I know is that for
the vast majority of people who watch
this dream they don't care what we play
they just want us to talk about nonsense
I know the the least interesting stuff
to talk about exactly and so that's all
that's all I wanna know
play some cleaning games and talking
about nonsense oh I'll be great I don't
know I don't have do I have the building
the safe building option installed I do
do you they better have a little know
that says you're doing one damage see
your light oh yeah I don't think you
have that installed that would be so
great right there you went for something
else
I get that lock - let me guess it's not
what you would have went for no I'm she
said I would have done it very
differently no I I want to say we
because we talked about it when you were
upgrading stuff and you went for a
different one for some reason it's okay
it's okay
first first things first okay you die
none of us says hey guys I just watched
your injustice playthrough and I think
you guys would really enjoy Marvel vs.
Capcom infinite it's the only game I
know where Franklin West interacts with
spider-man
stay awesome we're not very good
fighting game guys if you ever noticed
that if Rick West's it I like Frank West
I know we're terrible at fighting games
we got a love shit like by the way I
really enjoyed our injustice playthrough
I thought that was really fun like we
had a good time we got a lot of shit for
that for not being for Natalie for not
being the best at fighting games ever
even though I had a pretty darn good
time wait no wait I can just barely
barely do it
you did it
injustice to is next yeah maybe
injustice to will be not gonna wait for
it to go on sale talking YouTube count
YouTube comments here in the chat there
is there's a lotta there's a lot of heck
given to us over our in just this
playthrough - be fair but I'll take it
I'll take cuz I had a good time all
right hey you did it I just don't think
we should play through injustice - its
fuckin yeah oh I do I still want to uh
yeah we're good and then maybe after
that Marvel vs. Capcom cuz by the way
I'm Marvel vs. - I played that I played
the heck out of that and I loved Marvel
vs. Capcom because you know it's a lot
of fanservice fun fighting save fighting
game had to stop playing it as part of a
new pilot and a core as part of a peace
agreement between myself and my wife we
had to stop playing that because she is
unnaturally good at fighting games she
kicks my ass at fighting games without
even trying right and I kick her ass at
Mario Kart so we had to stop playing
Mario Kart and stop playing Marvel vs.
Capcom together you know like we can
still play them separately but we just
could not play them together as part of
as part of the the great piece of code
of whatever year that was the street
defense
unaffected by webbing and smoke
unaffected by webbing but sounds more
like a deadlock I get it she's probably
best in the fighting the punching neck
right what else does she do plus three
great defense which is fine oh okay
I mean for any of them not not having to
worry about being webbed that's huge
yeah cuz the tank can get out of that
with jumping anyway what are his bonuses
plus move and plus HP that's pretty
significant and what does she have
unlocked like is is that just the stuff
she can possibly have or is there more
to come put her in there and see what
she has right now oh yeah she's got it
right now that's pretty big
I think the other reactor that stays in
the back
he's got good skills we're keeping him
he's moving into one of the other two
mechs I'm just not sure sure plus two HP
I think they're staying right there we
got to get a room mr. Coony I'm so sorry
mr. Gunny I'm so sorry but you've you've
been you've been removed all right sub
name yep how about my name is Tate Tate
is taking over sorry mr. Gunny Tate my
name is Tate is taking over Bobby find
me another name that sounds like it
could be a last name tape take Joe kitty
take Joe kitty how about that take Jim
kitty that worked surprisingly well
Tate Joe kitty riding an epic Jason 9000
I can give her - I'd rather have the
damage well she's got just got fluffs
reactor no requires to power you have to
power to spend you can give her health
that's good she only has three health
right now one reactor gives her plus two
health
you know she has three health right now
where do you see that up up there up on
her says just three health down right
there where right there that one her
current face health is three yeah yeah
but it's like a huge base health what's
your deal man
no he that sausage toes Jonas okay
sausage toes gives him more I have to
yeah and then you have another you have
another one to give you have another
core to give I'm wondering what the best
the best move is you can get that
buildings immune that would have saved
you last time or you can add movement
because mister happy life on the history
movement listen you don't need health
until you need health you get what I'm
saying no I that's that's good that's a
good call health care was at the right
call tactical tower destroy the bot
leader that's me I'm not understanding
the things I'll have to purchase this
game you I mean it it's all I think
earlier like and I've called it and I've
heard it described as battle chess which
is you know everybody has their own
specific movements and it's all about
positioning yourself it's it's it's less
about doing damage that it is affecting
position yes
moving your enemies so they damage a
blank space instead of you what are you
or building settle down settle down rich
of the over damage it is if if you are a
fan of simple strategy games it's it's a
good one
what did you do
gobbledygook says hey guys are you two
looking for a beat-em-up fighting style
that's based on a popular popular
superheroes not really no I'm playing
dishonored right now okay well if we are
fuck those guys who said you suck on
injustice you guys are wait wait oh no
so if you are looking for a beat-em-up
fighting style game that's based on
popular superheroes you're in luck
there's a game on the ps4 oh shit
I fell I fell for it I had actually
forgotten about this the DC Universe
Online yeah I had legitimate ly
forgotten about this and I hadn't read
the rest of your comments comedy cooks I
feel had I feel betrayed betrayed know
what that's pretty sure that's a pretty
severe disappear that was those
exaggeration but I did not see a DC
Universe Online it's free I
yeah anonymous says hey guys I just
wanted to let you know my thoughts on
the Jackass films our thoughts on the
Jackass films and TV show also fucked
those guys who said you suck on
injustice
you guys are awesome when I love those
dreams keep playing any thoughts on
jackass no I'm sorry you people keep
asking me about things I don't give a
shit about that's fair that's fair I in
general I'm very uncomfortable with
pranks yeah yeah
I am I I don't I don't like pranks I all
I can think about is the person being
pranked my empathy centers are a little
too active and and it fills me with
stress and then the other part of
jackasses them doing bodily harm to
themselves and I just don't care like
yeah if someone's gonna be a dumbass
like that I don't care for the story
but like watching people get pranked
fills me with anxiety so I don't much
care for that
I don't know if I've ever been like if
I've ever gotten pranked in a bad way
it's just I can just all I think about
is you know the people they're pranking
and how much of their life like you know
what's that like going through a lot of
times it's just fake I mean oh it could
be but it still may it still fills me
with anxiety what made me give up the
beard the same thing that does it every
time it gets itchy and I think about
eating gave it up felt good it's it's I
feel like you you guys are gonna have a
new job chat which is if I ever say I
think I'm gonna grow up my beard again
you're gonna remind me not to do that
just because I always I always will
shave it actually I was a last week
Thursday the wife and I her birthday was
a few months ago and for her birthday I
got her tickets to go see wait wait
don't tell me the NPR news quiz show
which tapes live in Chicago Thursday
nights we're but we're both big fans of
the shows and you know we listen to it
every week and I was like oh what a fun
birthday present don't mean to name drop
but miss Paula Poundstone was there it
was kind of a big deal it was great it
was like the greatest time so we went to
a live taping of wait wait don't tell me
you can if you listened to the show last
week's episode you can probably hear me
cackling in it you're the only one
allowed to cackle I have a fairly a
fairly distinct cackle but in any case
so I thought it would be fun if we took
the train down to Chicago bummed around
for a little bit got dinner then went to
go see you wait wait don't tell me and
actually on
the train down to Chicago is when I
realized I hated my beard and it was
such an upsetting experience where I was
like oh my god I need to shave my beard
and mediately cuz we were gonna go out
to dinner to like a nicer restaurant and
then I started thinking about eating
eating food with my beard and I needed
to shave it immediately and luckily we
had more than a couple hours to kill
before our dinner reservations and so I
actually I I I found a barber shop to
give me a shave in Chicago and I got a
straight razor shave it was very nice
they put a little hot towel on your face
got a nice straight razor shave just no
I'm just telling the story back and and
I shaved it before dinner in Chicago
when went to a nice dinner and then got
to see Peter sagal which one can't kill
him no yeah one of those buildings is
fucked
so my beard is gone I'm happy that it's
gone and that was a good reminder that's
gonna remind me for at least another
year
that I hate beards and I don't want a
beard
we needed a place called Cindy's which
was a very nice restaurant it was like a
rooftop restaurant that overlooks
what's that Park like right on the lake
next to the Shedd Aquarium what the park
right next to the lake right on downtown
at Grant Park is that right next to the
shed I think it's that big could be
where you could be the shed that might
be Millennium Park maybe no any
important the one that's got the fancy
big faces with the water fountains and
the beam may be yeah yeah yeah that's
that's Millennium Park okay so we added
a restaurant called Cindy's and it was
on a rooftop that actually overlooks
Millennium Park and it was very nice it
was a very nice meal and
here's my I can either okay do some good
damage on the boss monster or I could
eliminate flat-out eliminate what are
the other guys do you think if you don't
do good damage on the boss monster will
you be able to defeat him later because
that's a star right there destroying no
leader I know yeah
I can't save I can't save this building
that buildings fucked I never I'd have
to be here in front of him to hit him
down I can't do that
right but I can make it hurt all right
take it
saber-tooth Nishio brought you don't
have our permission for your wife's sake
put on something else man she'll
appreciate it did he get a shield - yeah
I'll deal with that next turn
we're gonna see how it looks though what
I will say as far as beard is concerned
as my beard was around my beard at its
height was we'll be in a video so I'm
I'm interested to see how that looks how
that comes across or when it will be out
Oh heels - well shit oh shit
well fuck well wait wait you can
probably you can probably knock them
into the wall really Shh
you might be able to knock them into the
water there's no
and kill him instantly right I think
you're right I think you're right jack
thank you thank you that's that was good
no no yep nope no ah it was an act that
was bad that well you should have done
the math before committing you can reset
the turn though that was that was bad
plenty okay let's plan B six oh wait
were you trying to move them knock him
into that water all right
and then we lose a building yeah yeah
that's calculated calculated
damn it jack oh it's fine he still
killed the boss it's fine everything's
fine
I don't want self-destruct
hey Karen's in the jet hi Karen
and hurting yourself but that sounds
like a terrible weapon why would I ever
want that right
don't you have a pilot to donate to if
you want to
sorry yes Karen it's my fault the stream
is running late because I ran late but
you want to explain that you were how
old late was Jack who's Jack I was like
an hour and a half late I'm sorry I'm so
strike try to try to know I said I'd be
here it's okay okay never mind I was
thinking we normally start a little bit
earlier no like already we were starting
later than normal but I had advertised
that we were starting later than normal
then I showed up even later because
you're a prick I'm sorry care big issue
because you are a fucking prick Jack was
in Chicago getting shaved by a stranger
right do it live it live it man you're
going damage I might I'm thinking about
it shit about it see with one more
movement square you could have saved
that building that's right with this
mech huh
with this mech yes yeah if he had one
more movement square you could have
saved that building and killed the Big
Daddy
all dissolves in I got shaved by a yak
don't that's enough don't don't whack a
yak what what book is that I don't even
know what the fuck you're talking about
there's that there's a there's a weirdo
children's book that my kids insisted on
me reading every single night and it's
called something like um
don't whack a yak or something hold on
it's a it's a weirdo book where a witch
tells a guy to go like get a yak and
kill him but he ended up not killing a
yak oh man I need to find I need to find
this book it's in our house somewhere
and and it's it's so it's a book of
where I like a witch tells a man like in
order to save his son he needs to go
kill a yak and he goes across the
mountains and through the woods and like
he finds a yak and decides he doesn't
want to kill but the yak and so he
brings the yak back to his house and the
Yak ends up like giving him yak milk and
yak butter and that saves don't track it
yak that's what it is Geno swabiz I go
to go track a yak it's the strangest
children's book you will ever fucking
read you people are all crazy it's so
great no this book is crazy rich good
tracker yak I used to dices read it to
them in a voice that they loved so I go
to the final island three done yeah you
could it's getting late you're pretty
powerful I'm gonna end it go track a yak
named in his book finish it rich finish
it
that's high Beria's you know we can't
you know we can't even start with that
that's a whole thing man
that's just a whole thing
you know what'll happen yeah I'm sorry
what
then it's not that funny laughs yeah
okay was already sex uh yeah ish this
stuff you can do there's lots of options
here Wow that's options
yeah you got this rich they are saying
if you kill the mountain on e4 huh
you get the pilot from FTL really that's
this is what some random person in chat
is saying and I do not know if that is
true I cannot confirm nor deny that
there is a pilot hidden in the mountain
a thief also there's there's a mountain
on f4 not efore but uh so I assume
you're talking about the mountain not
ever before I mean the big mountain back
probably not because it would it's
nowhere near what that's nowhere near
you for I don't know I don't know man
there is a mountain on f4 if you feel
like getting crazy with it it's all I'm
saying oh she's going on the drink next
church that's good d yeah fuck him and
his monster spewing nonsense
oh my god there's so much going on right
now oh my god oh my god um fuck yep fuck
fuck yeah that's just one of those
situations where if rich did end up
having like a free turn he could do that
but that won't be his priority but we
know it's there now this is just this
one map the end have you never been to
the end before no I've been playing
Dishonored do you oh that's right do you
want me to tell you yeah there is a
second map after you beat this map there
there is a second map after this map
you you fall through the ground here and
then they send a bomb down and you have
to do the second stage while also
protecting a bomb going on him yeah yeah
but this is totally doable you can
figure this out man no no that would you
die he's on the ride that was almost a
huge fuckup
yeah not just a minor one but a huge
fuckup all right so I think of grids
going by back of r1 well you could have
done the same thing by just moving him
forward one moving him to to where
you're puncher guy is now because you
just need one space in order to do your
long-range
now we've saved saved all the grits did
it you did it rich okay yeah this ending
is a little disappointing if it's just
this and one other map yeah the the the
second one is a little harder I hope
it's a lot harder or this is
disappointed we'll see how you fare
we will see how you fare gobbly book
cook says what did you say earlier Jack
about yaks I was talking about the book
go track a yak a children's book that I
read often to my kids when they were
growing up then I just thought about
because it's so fucking weird it's about
a witch who convinces a man to go track
and hunt and kill a yak
it's very strange book so anyway here's
a crazy tick tip to discuss a stupid
Ninja Turtle role-playing game ideas if
there was a what if there was a universe
where the Foot Clan was made to cover up
Big Foot what are you smoking
gobbledygook man like you got it you got
to check to make sure your pot isn't
laced with something you know that's
your career crazy person
Oh God
a single whatever it's off it's all fun
I mean at this point you might just want
to unlock that pilot cuz you're probably
not gonna make it this pilot is unlocked
no the one in the mountain is what I was
talking about I used to I used to sure
about that I don't know someone someone
random we said it in chat do I think
you're going to beat the game
I'm skeptical because you only have two
PowerGrid left oh wait and the person in
chat says I goof to no pilot so never
mind
they said they goofed don't go for the
pilot it's not there
damn right I'm going I'm going to
predict if I have to predict chat how I
think rich is gonna do I don't think
he's gonna make it this room but I have
been wrong before
rich can prove me wrong Jack I'm not
doubting your abilities why are you
being such an asshole tonight I'm not
doubting your ability I just want to
know why you are being such a fucking
asshole tonight it's cuz like you know
I'm just trying to balance you seem to
be you know taking your time and
enjoying the game I feel like there
needs to be some asshole somewhere and
I'm just remember you're doing it you're
doing it Jack you're doing it I'm doing
it baby I feel like we need we need some
stakes to this and not now for what
basically I'm here here was what I was
really hoping for rich I like I want you
to have someone to prove wrong I want
you to reach down in there and have
someone to prove
three as a lot of damage do it to the
Mex heel in the next map I don't
remember
I'm going to say no I'm going to say no
they don't but I don't actually remember
wait I just need to survive I I just
need to survive I just notice this is
the victory twelve
that that fuck just jumping that's great
that's great let's see how they all
healed up now were they damaged at all
one of them had I think two damaged
let's see let's see if they he on
between they do they do heal in between
five charts five turns so if if your
bomb gets destroyed they send out
another bob and bomb and I want to say
it adds an additional like three turns
to the counter is what I remember
iron man good
oh man that's gonna kill big one too
that's really good
sometimes you get lucky like that
that's great
Jack needs to beat save the president no
I have nothing explode when it dies I
gotta cause control hover over it why
did shouldn't her that wouldn't make any
sense
it's fine okay oh my god you are so
lucky it's the first time that's
happened all fucking night you say I'm
lucky that would have ended the room you
would have just lost there I'm saying
that was very lucky wasn't it
that
Murph is less of us so yeah there's a
lot of shit going down in here there's a
lot going on
what are my thoughts on brigitte dee how
do i forget how to pronounce her name
I'm very excited about Bridget or
bruschetta however the hell you're
supposed to pronounce her name the the
new character in overwatch she looks
amazing part heavy heart healing support
class those are the two classes I play
the most is healing support and heavy
and so I get on Vegas I am going to be a
bit of heap domaine that moved you
resist it again that's pretty good
that's pretty good actually
reason well other than the vow that
resist I didn't know I couldn't move him
okay all right we're done that's a good
run
that's a good run there bitch we're day
we're done okay great that's great so
now is the time in the stream in which
we thank all the people who have
subscribed to us during this very stream
much likes to pocalypse who has
subscribed to us for 17 months in a row
who says 17 glorious months thank you
for all the laughter and joy your
problem no problem thank you
blinky ye wave w AI Thank You ye that's
perfect that's perfect
say it like that every single time no
okay venture 82 Livan for 18 months in a
row incandescent cactus zombie that's a
penny for 17 months in a row chrono
edged walrus to the brush wise andis
says what do you call cheese by itself
provolone
I'm not bad oh my god
that's pretty good that's pretty good
MIT yeah one who says two whole months
it went by so fast by the way thanks to
you guys I got doom and I bought this
game so I could get FTL for free
I figured one day I'll beat FTL and
eventually go play this doom it up yes
this is definitely easier
what that's worth I I think overall
that's true I don't know if I'd count
that as a negative but I do agree that
overall it is true okay okay
like definitely like the easy version of
this game is crazy easy okay which is
fine because it's easy even though the
easy version of FTL is what I would
consider to be normal art some people
some people would consider FTL easy to
be hard yes and FTL normal is hard and
so this easy is easy normal is normal
who knows about hard but turning the
chat says that joke was pretty Gouda do
you think we're gonna get matzah more
jokes are you ruined it I tried you
fucking ruined it I tried matzah matzah
like a lot sir but matzah that's all I
got but if you just say matzah then it's
kind of like matzo ball soup and not
like mozzarella say I'd say I'm salty
about you ruining the cheese jokes but
really I'm more pepperjack
