Pikanope.
May 9, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I9meT9m3QvY

you didn't snow probably maybe hey hey
everybody what's up if if you can see or
hear us welcome to the stream we did it
what what did we do we were here we did
that we did the stream we're doing a
stream right now yeah we did it we did
we did it and Pikachu is here it's a
mighty accomplishment too much you know
after the near farcical failures I had
last week I would say it's an
accomplishment everywhere everyone is
aware by now
but I made a big mistake last week
Wednesday rich oh you're talking about
okay I made a big big mistake
where's biscuit we when we film episodes
here yeah and this you know this is
across the board for most of our shows
there's no one really behind the camera
I know I know and so usually what I do
when I film myself as I have you sit in
my seat I get to focus about right
because you know we both sit differently
and so you know the focus is never 100%
right but and then I sit down and say it
looks all right right but I got this new
camera that has a follow face autofocus
feature easy and for our last review I
used it and it worked great it followed
my face I was in focus all the time
right
for some reason when I recorded myself
for the God of War review autofocus
decided to say fuck you to everything
maybe maybe it's not such a great option
after all oh I learned that lesson rich
I went right ahead and learned that
lesson and so all of the footage was
unusable which is a real shame because I
thought we had a fantastic discussion
about God of War it was good discussion
really enjoyed a discussion so I was
feeling a little down in the dumps I'll
talk to you about it and we said yeah
you know we'll just go back to the
cartoons everything
we'll be fine and so I so then I wasn't
really happy about it said oh they hate
the cartoons like
right what what the fuck you gonna do
exactly that was the thing either either
you know at the time look like action
what you do animate and then everybody
hates a little spray art or we use the
footage of you out-of-focus which it was
it was so out of focus you wouldn't have
liked it right so then I spend all even
even a little out of focus is fine but
you know but here's the thing if it's a
little out of focus
I can fix stuff you know put a little
sharpening thing on it and put a little
haze on it like you can kind of fix it
so that you hide the out of you guys
okay
but it was so bad out of focus that it
was it was unusable yeah and so then I
spend Friday Saturday and most of sunday
editing the audio which is how I do the
animated episodes I just listen to the
audio and cut it up that way then later
put in the little cartoons in the
appropriate gameplay footage right no
problem
everything's going right but that's you
know two and a half days of work and
then I'm talking with Lisa about it and
yeah it's still a little down in the
dumps and she and and and she goes you
know instead of the cartoons why don't
you just like film biskits for her you
know like 30 minutes and just put
footage of biscuit over the entire audio
track I was like that's pretty funny
that is a pretty funny idea huh that's
my call you hover has like rich what do
you think of this idea of just putting
cat footage over us talking and you came
up yeah with your chair you came up with
a brilliant solution by the way thank
you it was I'm gonna call it a group
effort
yeah little bit of me a little bit of
Lisa a little bit of you I wouldn't come
up without Lisa suggesting just using
footage of biscuit exactly that's the
thing was it was and and so then as but
as soon as you said that like just put
biscuit in your chair and cut to biscuit
I was like that is so hilarious so then
I run my ass over here Sunday night pick
up a chair pick up the the backdrop pick
up all the stuff bring it home and film
biscuit yeah but but here is so here's
the the bad part and why the episode
isn't
until today is because I had to re-edit
from scratch all those edits to the
audio only didn't translate to the video
in it oh so I had to start all the way
from the beginning again I'm sorry it's
alright I'm so sorry
okay to sit like a switch turns the
video back on would ya wouldn't that
have been great wouldn't that have been
just great I don't know how things work
it would have been great but my
particular workflow didn't work out like
this so then you know get it all edited
pretty happy with it
it was actually done really early
Tuesday morning mmm
and so then no export upload and and
after I upload it as I always make it
happen - I watched the video and it was
it was so it was uploaded yesterday
morning yeah start watching the video
and there is a horrifying audio glitch
well what was the audio glitch you know
that part where we talked about the
boulder fight yeah and then I cut to
like the audio of the Baldr fight and
you know talk about the health
regeneration yeah all that right for
some reason it actually like it was a
really interesting audio glitch it
started like picking up a random audio
snippets from earlier in the timeline
and so you and I would you and I would
just be like so what's the problem with
that hey rich uplift good what's good
blows go and and for the entirety of
that gameplay footage the audio glitched
out and then it went back to normal
after that problem with the upload or
well that was the question so that oh so
I go to the video and the video has the
same glitch oh shit it must have messed
up on the export yeah so I go back and
do the export again to export it takes
like an hour and a half two hours yes
long video I do the export again have
the same glitch but in the timeline
everything plays perfectly huh exactly
and so then it's just like what is
happening so then I try to you know like
nudge the audio a little bit maybe maybe
add a fade-out just trick it trick it
into working okay just because it's one
of those things where it's like there's
no logical reason why it's doing this in
the in code when it's when it's encoding
to H point two four six or whatever
it hits a snag and then freaks out and
so is like oh maybe I can nudge it
didn't work and so I just started
exporting like the 30 seconds that was
broken and it kept being broken what the
fuck is happening right yeah I never
figured out what was wrong what I did
was normally what I do is I send my
timeline over to media encoder which is
a separate program that just encodes and
sends it off this time I exported in
Premiere only which is fine except for
you have to keep Premiere open the whole
idea about media encoder is that you can
do stuff in Premiere while media encoder
works okay so I export in Premiere and
everything worked fine I still don't
know why it freaked out but basically
that ADA ate up the entirety of
yesterday this is the video could have
been up yesterday
it's what you're doing is you're anti
plugging media uploader media and coding
your media and code what I'm saying
again reverse plugs what I'm saying is
Adobe the Adobe suite has some bugs but
any piece of software yeah that sounds
like a lot of hard work and effort yeah
get this episode it was it was very
difficult but I think it's a great
episode what our next whatever doing
that's right we're going to figure out
what our next what our next what our
next we do need to figure out what we're
gonna do next we do need to figure out
what we're gonna do next
let's get that pikachu up man i don't
know what we're gonna do next you know
what we're gonna do next we're gonna
we're gonna get our set figure it out
yeah what the fuck did you get a button
what
they started him in just film it on your
phone next time I I have a solution by
the way so the other thing with the with
the focus is I spent a lot of time
figuring out a salut le proof solution
so I have a solution that unless I
physically move something on the lens
everything will be fine for next time
okay so hopefully my dummy solution
right start from the beginning in easy
mode you can use auto focus I think
that's fine suggestion that first of all
that is a fine suggestion like I said
the the reason I use auto focus is
because when I use you to focus it's
still slightly off you know it's not
necessarily I'm a different height than
you it's we just sit differently right
so it's it's just not perfect but I
figured out a solution rich okay I got
me I got me a thing on a stand as a
focus mount that I can just put on my
chair exactly where I sit I got an app
on the phone so I can actually look at
the shop while I'm sitting there it's my
camera's Wi-Fi enabled so everything's
gonna be fine everything's gonna be fine
you want to start an easel know how loud
is this for you guys this is pretty loud
for us
detective Pikachu Oh
you can't teach rich to point the camera
at your face look I am talent okay
there there there's in front of the
screen and behind the screen
you know Sam rich is the face I'm
supposed to be the Wiz behind when I
don't I don't want rich has such an
important job here at red letter media I
don't want to waste any of his precious
brain cells with knowing how it handled
wake up okay so people can't understand
Pikachu
well we're hearing this in pieces when
he tries to talk to other people he says
pika baby just here pika pika yeah okay
I get it okay oh my god just a horrible
garbage monster in the sewer that's what
this is what pokemon would really be
like it's just horrible monsters
everywhere
I do something I don't somebody has to
do the bouverie exactly exactly so like
what what you think to yourself what do
you want from residence do you want him
on camera or do you want him futzing
around behind us the answer is quite
obvious Tim good man right turn the game
volume down it's too loud okay how's
that god damn these pokey moms they're
they're a nuisance someone should have
really exterminate them this is the
prequel this is why they decided to
start fighting them for money making
them fight for money like a squirrel in
a city park well he just jumped on a
dude the detective a mystery
understand I get it
the kid understands Pikachu I get it
he's a good guy remember I walk through
Grant Park in Chicago and just stop like
a hot nearby hotdog place I had a just
bag of french fries yeah walk into Grand
Park army of fucking squirrels and
pigeons just following me like I thought
they were going to mug me and take good
price because they if they understood
that concept they absolutely would okay
what you got something to do what do you
want who do you want to be Pikachu or
the kid shit I'll be the kid you'd be
the Pikachu
I thought they had actual audio well
they did but now we're reading okay so
that's it hey yeah but this seems more
important and I got here early so I
should be able to make an appointment
there's some place she needs to stop off
at i scan shows you the ways later okay
come on let's get these guys and get the
necklace back oh gee willikers oh shit
for this leave this child to me I'm
counting on you for the necklace what do
you mean leave this child to me all
right here we go we're moving
you were not prepared for this
no no this is this is a this is a
supposed to be kind of Phoenix right you
know kind of I guess oh shit oh shit I
had to do something what dragon yeah you
can't hit shit monkey Oh settle down
Pikachu I think it's a good thing
they're what I ate and said sad oh yeah
I bought you something
quick time event yeah I don't know how
much voices will be doing because there
is occasional voice work shit this is
intense
that music is over-the-top let me do
some detective Jack I don't know about
the story to a game play ratio here Jack
so far so far we haven't done much
detecting man stop this game please nope
not yet no it looks like this is going
but they shit made a mess of things
oh boy oh yeah hard to believe that
Pokemon can run amok like that haha in
the heart of the city
you Chi Chi willikers yeah well you know
you shove us in balls I mean they're
just rebelling man hey what the fuck do
you expect that slavery was outlawed
you know like century ago man we're
sentient beings sentient beings here we
got thoughts and feelings so yeah we got
a riot we've got a Pokemon we've all the
freedom I would love it if that was the
backstory to a Pokemon game just like
Pokemon are sick you shit man there's
sick of it oh yeah a little bit quick on
the button that pad yeah we'll figure
out where the
Aipom
you think waiting in no time yeah well
what you can do that a Pikachu but you
don't be like I'm a fucking talking cat
thing and just I just saw these ladies
here they can relax you know because
we're like hit the button I go we're
gonna get that necklace back or
something oh well here's the thing
don't worry cuz we're gonna get that
necklace back for you oh that's right
because I'm your interpreter Oh cuz I
can understand you I get it okay thank
you in that cases it's get right down to
the investigation that that's what
exactly will we do to investigate look
fuckin clues you you dumb shit have you
yeah I mean every never late for
something before you got a fucking brain
in there kid I eat on to somebody Jesus
Christ in the entire life you've never
looked for a thing is what you're saying
to me like you get hungry and food just
appears in front of you all right we
gotta interview witnesses ask people
around okay got it
alright yeah don't put down I always
carry a pen and a notebook
why just randomly I've gotta go I've got
a surprise really I mean Halloween how
many people carry around notebooks and
pens and papers is that like normal
people just expect to suddenly be a
detective but what if I want to write
something
oh geez you're a writer oh my god no no
like a thought or an idea or directions
to my favorite hot dogs
that's a pansy shit there kid just write
down the shit that the people say I
don't know okay got him pre your own
unique case list okay I got it
Nicholas it belongs to the girl but a
napalm took it and okay
okay we're gonna talk to the girl think
you can find it well you're no help I
wonder I wonder if she's gonna tell us
anything about this giant
a pom tail print on the thing here yes
about the a thumb Sean says yeah I was
so happy you gave biscuit proper credit
in the credits I did and I know that's
just professional that's professional I
did waver I did waver on whether or not
to give biscuit proper credit and I also
wavered on whether or not I would give
an explanation before yes good way I I
figured that was the right call I did
try that like I tried a little like Jack
messed up his footage so so here's
biscuit and it wasn't it sort of roll in
the junk yeah absolutely
but you know you gotta try some stuff
out cuz you're not sure what's gonna
work the and then it was like wrestling
whether or not I start with that y-you
know I start with that wide of you just
sitting while I'm getting the cameras
already yeah and I think that Hut just
helps set it up so this kid right over
my head alright so are we reading this
or not yeah I'm just kind of going
faster all right this is our first case
I'm not gonna really worried about the a
poms I don't know if we're gonna full-on
voices here well it doesn't seem to be a
lot happening yet but no end
conversation okay leftover BK XS sounded
like Jack wanted gotta for her to be
more of a parenting simulator we already
had that the game is called who's your
daddy
also Jack Taco Bell doesn't sell
cheeseburgers just an FYI I know they
don't sell cheeseburgers but my point
was what if one day Taco Bell had a
cheeseburger on their menu and then you
ordered the cheeseburger and then say
what are you an idiot that was my point
with the Taco Bell thing but nobody in
in the analogy or in God of War
neither of these people were selling
cheeseburgers yeah who tried to order a
cheeseburger no in in the game Mamere
says you should take them out of the
race and the kid instantly shit all over
that idea and then the big compass point
that tells you where to go next in the
game pointed away from the witch's Hut
the MIR said to Carla which Mamere said
to go to the witch and this and the kid
said I don't need to but the kid was
obviously hurt and Mamere said you
should go to the witch in there and you
know Balder said you should go with him
and you punched him in the face I want
to buy that cheeseburger I disagree
I agree with Jack for one listen I
understand this end and you know this
could just be you know obviously rich
and I are coming at this from different
perspectives this could just be me I
give this game 45 minutes this is a game
where you obviously have to pay
attention to what is going on I've known
and you're paying attention to zero
percent of it is zero zero percent of
the game we're gonna give this you know
a solid hour maybe anyway here's what
I'll tribute this to from my experiences
is just me as a parent
oh and so you know I I really think
that's what it boiled see it's not you
as a parent it's Kratos as a parent oh
no but I'm saying from my perspective
you know the kid is sick and even though
the kid is saying I'm you you yeah you
are a good dad well I try to be Kratos
is not a good dad
he's out of his element right but Kratos
as the main character of the narrative
is still someone I'm supposed to project
myself onto like Bayonetta like
Bayonetta like like you know what I can
see that Jack with you I first of all I
got the links to make it work I do I
have dancers legs I can't help that
about me second in Bayonetta you're
supposed to be the badass witch who
kicks everyone's ass that's that's what
you project yourself onto right and so
no the game didn't tell jack to go after
the witch the head on cray doses ass
said that but the game Kratos and the
kid all set no we have to go to the
compass point and I'm not I'm not
discounting that point
I'm not discounting that like the cut
you know the the the game said to go
somewhere else but you know let's let's
let's go on and miss all of these clues
because we're talking about kind of war
can I just like a look at that it's
obviously now if if like dishonored the
game had a pattern of letting you do
things
dishonored right dishonored has a
pattern of letting you figure some data
for did not have that pattern of letting
you do things God have or had the
pattern of this is this is our
experience we've set up go through with
it and I think that's a fair point and I
and and this was me you know figuring
here here's in games we'll get to
Pikachu in just a second in games that
are a little more linear but offer some
choice usually it's a stark a be choice
like you know think of thinking of like
by oh sure sure right sure not a lot of
choice in Bioshock but it you know like
it has that illusion so it has that a be
switch and so it to me this was a clear
a beast kind of war didn't have any
event it had open worldliness to it but
not like a story a be choice it had an
open worldliness
to it it had a it did have the go around
wherever in the map that you wanted to
all right you know I okay I don't know
why you would go to the witch's Hut I
just have no idea why because I would
even cross somebody's mind because in
the mere said to premiere Mamere planted
the idea in my head and that's what
that's what it made it so clear to me
Chad I'm not I'm not arguing with a cat
and losing I am arguing and we have we
have hit a wall we have a disagreement
and it's just not worth my time to bang
my head against the wall because it's a
wall
we just we just have a simple
disagreement and that's fine and
conversation that's not how you win
arguments sometimes you can't win
arguments it's just gonna read to people
who say contrary things over and over
again and you get nowhere
that's true
you know that's true and and this is a
this is a situation where I feel like
you know it's a very opinion based oh so
I'm just like the game hadn't done
anything up into that point was like
you're in charge what do you where do
you want this story to go next the game
hadn't done any of that it hadn't been
going on sure but it did have a free
roam element do you do you what you sure
do you want to go here do you want to go
there and so I assumed that this was
buckled in with the free roam all right
because Mamere planted the idea rich
please play this instead of Jack oh fuck
no you don't play the Pikachu I can't I
go I can't I go to the park
let's dig
okay great so what we learned is that I
would not accidentally stop on this D s
this 3d s because it's it's custom
custom moderns this is the custom modded
3ds that wouldn't capture video from it
that has the special out that we can
capture video from rights this is this
is one that rich cannot mess with the
one I inadvertently stole the cord to
yeah that's a break it so I'm so sorry
about that I really I really thought we
had another it's a pretty generic cord
so you would think that we would have
another okay Pikachu this is tutorial
this is one so we're just we're gonna
try to barrel through the tutorial like
yes I see the the ketchup print here and
then I need to go over here and see the
paint print like I see it
fantastic idea rich I'm pretty good at
games I understand how games I think I
think I have a pretty good understanding
of how things work in general something
I did tell rates you know we were
talking when when we got here about
games we do want to play after editing
you know I knew I did need a day just to
not play anything like just take a day
of input you know I actually might go
back to God of War now that I'm done
with the story yeah cuz I am I'm
completely done with the story and after
the story you can just go around and do
all the side quests now that have no
story I think I might actually enjoy it
okay so I think I am gonna go back to
God over here for so I hope I wasn't too
harsh on it wasn't like we talked to you
brought up pluses and minuses we did
some things we've evenly disagreed about
some things we just agreed about but
it's true we thought it was more of a
problem than I did yeah yeah no like I
said overall I think we had a really
like I'll totally agree with things like
yeah I could use some enemy variety
right okay and and like NES style
palette swapping right doesn't really
constitute a new enemy I'm so glad I had
footage of those the lava orc and the
eyesore and the and also like the
Guardian to he'll who's just a green orc
like come on you could have made some
kind of new enemy for the hello boss
giving a new enemy I would totally agree
with you and shit like that yeah yeah
yeah no this was not a like I said
that's kind of thing like you know it's
an eight point five seven nine point
three sure sure
eight point five just pulling numbers
out of my ass big grin didn't kill the
game oh my god
oh okay so what we've learned here is we
have to talk to people then find clues
then talk to people again okay see so
now there's new options to talk to
people about we can speak with frou-frou
and we can ask about the ketchup because
Pikachu here detective Pikachu can speak
to pokemons and she's has fruit fur as a
pet dog it's great this might be just a
game I play on my own so this kid not
realized today that he had talked to
pokemons or is it just this one Pikachu
he can't talk to other pokemons it's
only this specific Pikachu this specific
Pikachu he this specific Pikachu is the
only Pokemon that he understands so
Pikachu has to translate Pokemon to him
and he has to translate Pikachu into
humans all right but by the way these
kids this kid right now is an enemy of
the state as far as far as the worlds of
Pokemon is concerned because this kid
can now hat now has the ability to
communicate with any Pokemon anywhere
how does it make him an enemy of the
state though in the world of Pokemon
industry thrives on the exploitation of
these monsters they they make them fight
they use them as a free labor
they they exploit them all over the
place and all of a sudden if this kid is
like no the all of these animals have
complex thoughts and consciousness and
and are really intelligent beings it
would Rock Pokemon society they wouldn't
care you don't think at that point not
until the violence not if they built all
of their industry on it then then the
violent uprising would happen it would
take 400 years in the Civil War to clear
up this problem and then still things
would be uneasy
look Pokemon and it's not a
happy-go-lucky world man
no I don't think it is it's just not
okay
faint yes it was the a pom that has been
crazy
okay I'm not familiar with Pokemon but
they do anything with them other than
just collect them and force them to
fight
oh yeah there's like peripheral Pokemon
characters like for example there's like
the big strong bodybuilder Pokemon and
they work for movers like they've moved
by sixes and they don't get they don't
get paid for this presumably I assume
they get food okay they're animals you
know Pokemon are animals okay so yeah no
there's just Pokemon and different in
different work sectors all throughout
the Pokemon world I don't want to see
the Pikachu power plant right that's
probably not a fun place to be
exactly just just Pikachu's on a
treadmill like terrible they really do
they need the treadmill I thought they
did electricity things maybe that's
that's redundant I mean it's just when
they if you want to get that extra a
little bit more out of them I mean as
long as we're there here might as well
pump me or exercise them that gets them
stronger I just think they have them all
in like a cramp cage that's lined with
like a shag carpet yeah well then you
want them to move around to generate
that static rotating ceiling like that's
perfect
my phones in some better position
working yeah yeah you keep you keep
asking I don't keep asking it anything
that keeps the button he keeps getting
rusty okay we're getting there
yes I know the one had the ketchup one
went to the park one went to the bank we
know this already great well if we're
not going to read things I'm just gonna
get caught up on yeah yet again I'm
trying to get through this part so we
can get to the good stuff all right all
right slow shazbot says hey Jack hey
slim shazbot notice you're wearing a
fight night shirt on the last best of
the worst I was super excited for that
game and glad to see you're looking
forward to it too I I'm a Kickstarter
backer of fight night so I got the
t-shirt cuz it looks cool it's a for
those who don't know fight night night
as in like a knight of the round table
is a first-person pixel art game where
you play as a knight and you punch
monsters okay and it looks very
interesting and very neat but it's a
first-person melee game where you just
go around punch monsters and it has a
neat art style so it looks good they
have a way to go to sell me on that huh
they have a ways to go to sell me on
that sure I see I could see that okay
can I go now oh alright looks like
you've collected a good amount of
information it played the latest build
at PAX and it was great to finish the
tip they've oh good good yeah I'm
excited for its release I know I think I
think I got invited because I wanted the
t-shirt cuz I thought it was a neat
t-shirt design I'm in the tier where I
could play the beta if I wanted but I
said I don't feel like I'm way testin
cuz I'm excited you know the original
doom but you're punching monsters in a
dungeon
no I mean you you optionally punch them
but really who the fuck does that you're
shooting monsters in a dungeon yes I'm
I'm less sold on on first-person melee
though dishonored did it
so yeah that's true well we'll see yes
well it's that's I mean that's any game
right
gosh dang it I wanna figure out where he
found went the white let's see we have
testimony that the a pump split off down
different paths so Jack his cat is
beautiful biscuit and knows he's
beautiful and by the way hold on I mean
yeah we saw this one oh yeah
okay also we saw we saw the Prince so
biscuit was so happy to be in the video
by the way I set him up on the chair and
gave him a little treat and give him a
treat every once in a while and he was
so free like if you note in the video
his tail is wagging and he is just happy
to be there
and biscuit is less of a cat and more a
hair beast because like if you notice
that part of the video where I put him
on his back so he's belly is up he just
lays there and like normal cats don't
like to be on their back they like to be
on their feet but if you pick him up and
turn him upside down he'll just lay
there because he's a hair oh yeah and so
it was beautiful and so yeah he just i
got about 15-20 minutes of biscuit
footage just biscuit he's beautiful he's
beautiful okay so you said that there
that's right
any problem with the ketchup went that
way come on guys
next to the ketchup print I understand
this is the first case but okay great
great we did it back at on best of the
worst we wouldn't be able to riches well
no my and my cat is hypoallergenic so
rich could could power through night
rustic don says howdy sexy faces big fan
all the way from the United States of
Sweden curious what you think about Star
Wars bounty hunter lore story about
clones that George Lucas made no only
movies matter I don't know anything
about bounty hunter lore I also don't
know anything about bounty hunters lore
sorry oh my god he's dead just seems to
be unconscious
I'll see the necklace anywhere this is
horrible
that's a horrible image no it's great
it's horrible ah was that about the Star
Wars what what was that question the
Star Wars bounty hunter Lord do what do
we think of it I felt like I had that
was a starting-off point of a
conversation that I've completely lost
that I'm sorry I'm sorry Chad for us to
pursue it's this persistently only to
find that the necklace is gone and the a
pom is unconscious okay rich we're gonna
read now now we've started the game we
got we got a murdered Aipom
it's your Pikachu turn just like times
like these we need to calmly sort out
the situation now why don't use open up
your notes like you stood there earlier
kid okay case notes hey open find the
necklace okay no problem case notes turn
the 3d on I don't think this game
supports 3d really yeah I'm not seeing a
difference on the screen okay
we should investigate the scene all
right
look for traces of the incident by
investigating the scene where it
happened there in other words this place
you're so helpful Pikachu you say all
the words all the time it's got a letter
find scratches maybe it was knocked out
and a quarrel with someone like a fight
there's something look
holy fuck he rolled over Jesus Christ
says oh wow what about this feather
feather it looks like a piece of shit
maybe maybe the desk needs more
resolutions to it so I'm gonna cockroach
looking thing but Ally finds a feather
whatever his New York his cockroaches
everywhere
cockroaches everywhere in New York pokey
city I don't know what they call shit in
this universe
punky Pope city in pokey state that's
pretty much yeah that's usually like
they have a theme like they're named
after colours or flowers like what is it
blue Ted is blue town it's a deep red
from the ketchup and berry yeah yeah
yeah yeah berry right certainly not
blood it's not blood no it's a spicy
berry so it doesn't seem like it would
have been holding the berry to eat it
what yeah that got added to the clue you
see see in this section of the game rich
I need to move my cursor around until
thing says it's a clue
leaves yeah they're wooded with it
leaves it seems like that grass that
grows around is it's what they do
so then it should be very surprising
that there are leaves next to where
there's you know leaves everywhere
by jiminy that's a clue that leaves by
the leaves that are everywhere but you
didn't it's a soft drink can maybe the
Aipom was drinking it if anything it
seems like trash empty
perhaps a troll dear
their garbage can go over and look at
the garbage can do you get it you're
gonna find more clues buy their garbage
can
what I'm gonna spell it out for this kid
because she looks dumb you don't look
like you knows too much a beat-up copy
of today's morning paper Oh details a
nice down Highway incident adds a tough
read because it's ripped are you saying
it's garbage
it's a newspaper but nobody reads us yes
it's garbage now they have the Internet
webs isn't that what they use now all of
them all the webs yes
signs of a quarrel lost Nicholas it
seems pretty certain that the poem was
attacked by someone or something put who
Jesus Christ I don't fucking know we got
a gag oh look at that garbage can maybe
we'll find out got it no problem we'll
start with the unconscious a pup wait I
already did he was beaten into some
leaves and some newspapers and fell into
a Barrett he had a berry in his hand to
be fair
it's like a berry from that tree over
there so I guess it's possible that a
pom was trying to take out its opponent
with the berry I don't care about any of
these clues this game is for babies you
know it's easy well every animal and
this is a Pokemon so rather came from an
animal yes but did you watch any other
twitch streams sure rarely all right
that's fair me as well clearly I said
you saw the question as a child didn't
the grand Pooh Bear every now and then
okay carlsagan42 okay he's not very
rarely though yeah every once in a while
I'll catch a stream here they're just by
people or I've started I started having
a banana on the background some art
streams I'm like no people painting
streams and people doing Photoshop work
and it's just like it is just nice just
to see someone create something in the
background that's always nice that's
good no I don't I don't often have a
chance to have like just noise in the
background but that's nice
who is the owner of the black feather
what yeah I know
I'm looking for a garbage can cuz I
obviously have to find a garbage can
there is a garbage can boom
it's empty rich so much for clues who
did they pound was just in a quarrel by
the tree over there has he calm down
yeah oh good I was scared so I didn't
want to get too close now I can do my
job
oh yeah it can be dangerous to me in the
middle of a fight so as they pump
fighting with another Pokemon did you
see anything sorry but I don't know I
kept my distance burr problem tell us
about Pokemon in the park there are four
kinds Parker's fighting in the three
areas in each area has a different
assortment a bird Pokemon living in it
bird Pokemon in the mountain area we
have hid doves what if what if it is
cafe area
Taillow is in the calf area which is
completely check I'm keeping an eye on
you guys yeah
just ask another question
great we did it what about you what
about you dumpster nope hey palms just
just dead just sitting there dead Said's
dead no no they go out of their way in
fact say he's not dead okay look at that
imagery he's not moving at all right
I think in the close-up he might have
been breathing so there's no ambulance
is coming right no nurse joy to save the
day hey dude
the guy says I'm busy and so now we're
saying like what are you busy with help
me out with my case so he's looking for
a pen he's looking for a pen is the
feather a pen
unlikely
wow there's no I don't think ok ok you
can't show him well here hold on maybe I
could no I don't think I can like give
him a thing ok
couldn't saw many XS don't think elderly
men elderly as ice and I'm swimming I've
watched these streams since the summer
before College
we are only we're not elderly
middle-aged Jack I'll think middle-aged
this is the stone's throw away from
elderly Jack this weekend is graduation
ready for home yet but seriously thanks
for all the fun streams clinical
depression and laughs you're welcome
sorry chin says hi guys finally able to
catch a stream just stop by to say I am
totally ok with this Pikachu riches
cannon Pikachu rich they use
how the furniture says rich come up with
a dumbest name for a Pokemon that you
can who could chew
Lucca chew jag have you seen why don't
you play in hell it's fun Japanese
action movie filled with gore and the
magic of moviemaking no no I love the
title though I love the title okay you
know what I was thinking with it with
all the craziness news that was breaking
last week you know what I was thinking
would be a really great title for a
movie
cocaine Mitch cocaine Mitch yeah
wouldn't you see him wouldn't you watch
a movie called cocaine Mitch they were
said there was that uh there was that
fringe candidate who was running for
like governor of a state and he started
going after Mitch McConnell calling him
cocaine Mitch okay okay in his campaign
ads and like I heard that name I was
like huh I would definitely watch a
movie called cocaine Mitch you don't
think no that's not doing it for me I
think I definitely would it so here he
in my head here's what cocaine Mitch
would be about it would be very similar
to the crank series specifically cranked
to high voltage in which someone has to
continually do more and more cocaine to
like finish the their crime spree or
their heist so the cocaine Mitch those
that one of the Golden Plover come why
don't you play in hell
why don't you play in hell great Don
Beveridge says you tell the crew to push
the Whopper button do it Proust Inc says
the biscuit cam was borderline
experimental and it paid off great your
virtual acclaim Congrats boys I'm glad
you liked it
reg if you still not seen the Godfather
watch him
you have not seen the Godfather I know
I'm a horrible person
hmm a horrible means uncaring person no
you know that's just uh that's a normal
sorry Jen says but that being said
you're gonna hate trying to play this
game on the stream yep my very shameless
mention of Phoenix right here uh yeah I
will hate playing in a stream I do hate
playing it on stream already I am you
for speeding through it what do you mean
I don't know I was all set like read
shit and then just wanted to skip skip
you got you got right into skip mode I
did it's probably my fault yeah watch me
go like that
I'm getting out of here yeah I hate this
already Mouse yeah let's move maps
alright what point do you think we
should just do something else then maybe
when we're like an hour in cuz then
that's a nice
all right that's a nice all right all
right oh okay here's a cafe in in theory
no I mean I've already done it on my own
but I'll let you replay them I could do
the the hard trial of the sword oh shit
yeah you've art so you beat it yep
congratulations the hard now that you
saw me get my ass kicked in the middle
trials yeah hard trials only took me two
tries really that's great
just the wind section just throw me for
a loop no sure I couldn't handle it I
kept letting good weapons fall off the
edge yeah okay well you could you could
attempt the one-hit obliterator
challenge oh yeah I think I have a file
I could try that do you have all the
divine beasts I might uh they're fine oh
not on this file oh okay well I stopped
playing so I could play them I didn't
have you have you been have you been
seeing speaking of the emulated version
of breath of the wild have you been
seeing all of the play as zelda oh yeah
they've been they've been hitting the
regular new psychos just like look at
these amazing zelda mods they did the
plays link'll mods already done yeah
yeah and now they play a Zelda but like
the Zelda mods have like their own voice
animate their own voice cues like
detailed animations I'm very jealous I'm
gonna turn the sound down even more
unless you turn the music off people are
complaining about the music it's very
repetitive
okay I don't know if that's an option
Pro Austin says also what is the best
American science fiction film ever made
I go 2001 a Space Odyssey with originals
Planet of the Apes and Terminator close
behind says I see alien as more horror
than sci-fi well this is have to be
cerebral because I mean Robocop's pretty
fucking awesome I love Total Recall
I'd put Robocop above Total Recall but
what was the quick view if you replace
Arnold Schwarzenegger with with Harrison
Ford you've got yourself far more
cerebral film the reason Total Recall is
hard to take seriously is because Arnold
is a cartoon character and of course
he's a secret agent but if you get
somebody who's plausibly just a normal
schlub like Harrison Ford rides the line
Harrison Ford is perfect yeah you can
buy here that Harrison Ford he could
either be a normal dude yeah or a super
secret agent and then it's a bit more of
a question okay sure sure
Harrison Ford just just casting Harrison
Ford alone makes Total Recall 70% more
cerebral well and then you'd actually
have like a real actor who could handle
a range of emotions beyond screaming
yeah originally it was Patrick Swayze
that's not a bad choice either yeah that
could have worked but Schwarzenegger
total cartoon character and it's fun I'm
not hating on Total Recall by the way
because it's fun but uh fucking fucking
Dark City is great I want something
that's a little bit more cerebral it's
asking for they're asking for cerebral
sci-fi or why don't I blog that's the
question I'm saying if you want like
sci-fi can be be schlocky like this we
did Robocop oh that's great that's great
I don't know how well most people would
think it aged but I've always been fond
of Logan's Run
what a fantastic sci-fi movie Logan
Logan's Run takes place in a
post-apocalyptic world but Humanity is
survived because there's some people who
have like they're in like a big shelter
there's big fancy shelter it's like a
little little mini paradise under a dome
but they're able to maintain this
paradise and manage resources by killing
people when you turn 30 once you're 30
you are put to death yes for anyway you
guys probably know like the imagery of
Logan's Run even if you haven't seen it
it's the one where they have the crystal
in the hand and when their crystal beeps
it's time for them they've turned 30
they've turned 30 but they're unaware
that they died is that it like they get
like so they make some ceremony out of
it like rebirth right right yeah I
figured what they actually call it
renewal or something they call oh I
think that's it
that's some ceremony where they get
dressed up and the thing comes down and
zaps them all yes yes and so it follows
it follows our hero who is kind of
gliding along in life and you know just
well yeah her hero hunts down the people
who try to run who try to flee when they
turn 30 they try to escape and his job
is to hunt them down and murder them is
that it yeah oh man it's Sandman he puts
them to sleep fucking love Logan's room
it's great it's great movie like one of
the first scenes in the movie is he just
orders up a girl because like because
they live in a utopia where all of their
needs are met all the time they just
have a service where it's like I want to
fuck someone and they they predicted
tinder this that's exactly what it was
like I want to fuck some on her and some
lady gets teleported to his room and
she's like and she's like yeah I don't
feel like fucking he's like then why you
on the teleporter right
why are you on the fuck out Ron 8,000
and they get into a whole like morality
argument he's just like I was just
looking to fuck someone later it's great
is great
and and then like you you kind of reach
a point in the movie where you think
it's legitimately going to end but it's
only a half hour in and a whole another
movie starts that's equally great
Logan's Run is great yes Logan's right I
need to re-watch Logan's Run no thank
you
no sanctuary and if you're horribly
confused right now
you haven't seen Logan's Run the fuck
Tron 8000 yes the fuck oh Tron 8000
that's a patent pending they did for
that was exactly tender i I wonder if I
wonder if we look back at Logan's Run do
you think the he swiped that off like
he's like like they got the idea I
wonder because I think he goes through a
couple of them right he goes through a
couple wait like so yeah feel like
fucking that don't feel like fucking
that I wonder
the fuck is this kid doing I don't know
I'm done all right I give up we'll find
something else to play cuz I can't I
can't do this I can't do this in stream
this is too much this is too much
goodbye Margaret Mead says you guys need
to read audiobooks I would buy this shit
right
I can't barely talk let alone read can
you imagine we trying to read somebody's
writing and it would just be all fucked
up it would not work I almost did record
an audio book recently but stuff got in
the way
yeah and just timing and you know like
the the the medication thing was was
going on and I just completely ran out
of time and motivation but I came very
close to doing someone's audiobook okay
it is something I would be interested in
eventually all right so we're done with this