Trial by Fraud (pt 2)
April 25, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MjB-usWZ2Js

oh so you even get a little boost yeah
just for doing the little one oh wow
that's neat I like that I like knowing
that we need that last one for the
durability increased man the Master
Sword doesn't break but it does lose
magic and so you or you can't use it for
ten minutes right so it essentially
breaks but it comes back yeah yeah
unless you are in one of the four divine
beasts or hyrule castle which by the way
once you get the Master Sword you can
just have a great time in hyrule castle
exploring all the rooms and not ever
have to worry about your weapons
breaking no it just has the 200
durability which is what you get for
beating the master certain trials your
master could still break in hyrule
castle really yes home I thought it was
under it's just got insane durability
which is what you get for doing this
that's why you got to do this so the
thing you want it Jack this well I want
another break yes I know
right yep great rich is gonna eat the
durians sir
don't worry yeah I just cook them for no
reason fucking dumbass
would you two durians eat the Dorian's
here we go do the amiibo weapons break
that's question for you I haven't used
them E but I haven't had any the amiibos
to give you special weapons okay I've
had the amiibo that gives you the link
outfit right but yeah I'm pretty sure
they do I mean every weapon breaks in
some way or another so I would assume
oh yeah do it
cook the durians individually no no no
no see I want to go into this with full
kilohertz cooking the even cook
wondering you get full heal but they
don't you don't carry them with right
I'm gonna be naked without an inventory
in in regular gameplay I would agree
with you guys that you want to cook your
your durians or your radishes
individually because they refill all
your hearts plus give you like three to
six bonus hearts but rich is correct
here you want as many hearts as possible
going in because you don't get to keep
your food man yes so as of this moment
he has the most hearts he could possibly
have and that was the correct strategy
get it together people know what's going
on
this is the medium challenge now yes so
now there are 12 levels of medium
challenge might be more of these oh my
god Tina's a little bit little more sure
my gourd
she's at Sage crisp
well we're not starting off easy are we
nope oh geez I'm mid-quarter I got that
defense boost up yeah only a quarter
hard you find that was smart yeah let me
shoot some arrows collective
I have no shield to collect them in so
dagger 18 is a cook a meal with a dragon
horn to get 30 minutes defense or often
didn't want a farm dragon horns before
the stream sure I was thinking about you
guys man yeah fuck right off nice nice
really dropped it
thanks of other shit around there
you're doing great rich you're doing
great so far you've only lost a quarter
of a heart really it's all you're gonna
give me I'm just like over bomb
underneath it it'll fly out
Jack you're brilliant this I understand
how the game works magic floating
also it'd be great to know what you guys
think I've got a ward before I buy it
wondering if all the 10 out of 10
reviews know the 10 out of 10 now I'm
not gonna say I hate it yeah
but the tens out of 10 out of tens
they're completely nuts the 10 out of
tens are completely nuts 10 out of 10
means perfect yeah yeah there there I
and I you know I'm not gonna go full
crazy man there are some positive things
about the game but it is not a perfect
experience I'm not as far as you yeah I
see a lot of potential in the combat
system which what little I played of God
or wanted it's completely different
mm-hmm but there's just so much slowly
walking and talking and you can't skip
it because it's not really a cutscene
it's gameplay because because every five
minutes you have to hit the circle ah
right Jesus Christ and CNC light you
know as far as number score systems like
I wouldn't even give this a 10 out of 10
and I think this is damn near perfect
but there are little things that annoy
me about this game you know this is like
an 8 or 9 out of 10 for me like super
close to perfection oh I'm really
cocking this up oh you cocked that right
up
oh it's not gonna work now
you know something like this or or
blood-borne would be like 9 out of 10
for me like this is a level of Tanna 10
blood-borne zone the level of 10 out of
10 do what would it do Oh dooms like
that's an I know what I'm saying is a 10
out of 10 for me would have to be
absolutely perfect God of War well
there's this merits to the combat just
cinnamic does not mean your game is good
right oh my god they're right there for
me a 10 out of 10 would be portal Oh No
just start over let's start over a 10
out of 10 for me a game that I cannot
find any Fault in would be portal portal
1 that is a 10 out of 10
no doubt about it no diggity no doubt
portal 1 portal 1 10 out of 10 I could
also put something like maybe Shadow of
the Colossus 10 out of 10 it would be
really hard for me to find any fault
with Shadow of the Colossus but because
again 10 out of 10 means absolutely
perfect no caveats no minor nitpicks
is I think it's a perfect game
and and like a game like this which i
think is wonderful in fantastica and you
know what this is the whole problem with
the number rating system is something
like this which i think is is a
wonderful experience I've gotten far
more hours out of this than I've gotten
out of portal I wouldn't give a ten out
of ten because there are nitpicks I have
and there are some things I don't like
about it small minor things that don't
ruin the overall experience but makes it
not a perfect game and so there's all
these there's there's an inherent
problem there's an inherent problem with
this kind of rating system is it it
takes away any of the nuance of
conversation about games that's a 10 out
of 10 8 out of 10 99 cents a Stan umber
here's my number and you get rid of all
the nuance so you get rid of all of the
all of the back-and-forth and that's
just how I would rate something that
doesn't mean that's how that's how other
people rate games it which is again
another problem of the number rating
system you know Jack I accidentally
teleported out of the trial oh no what a
shame race what a shame yeah I know yeah
you can do it you you you you hit some
rough luck there with with some of the
things and now you know what to expect
would you be more accepting of cinematic
games if they didn't outright label
themselves as games no because they're
still they still have shitty pacing like
I said I'm kind of enjoying the combat
in the new god of war
yeah I like I like the ax throw I like
some of the stun stuff but then using
you every every small chunk of combat
I'm walking through the fucking forest
talking to the stupid fucking kid I
can't even sprint because they want me
to go through the East uriens agreed
rich the pacing is what matters there
what what they are trying to do is take
your interactive experience a game is
inherently interactive and shove non
interactive elements into it by its very
nature it is against the thing it is
trying to make I don't
I usually don't skip I I was desperate
for skipping a cutscene that wasn't
really a cutscene oh I know yeah they
get they get away my wife's dead can I
beat up a monster I like it I like it
when I can beat up monsters
sounds like god of the last of us all
right now I did not play the last of us
so you know that I cannot speak to
button it's madness
get me Kevin get me
oh it was clearly a jump well and you
know the one of no right now I'm not
gonna get into it too much because I
have I have a lot to say about the way
they tell their story and and the way
they handle the cinematic experience and
storytelling in games so they despise
the fucking cinema experience this trend
I want to see die so hard it's not gonna
that's not gonna button so sonic the
hedge says man sounds like rich wanted a
God of War game it's hard to use bombs
on this level cuz they float yeah
Richard rich is sticking and moving it's
alright he's doing all right
I want your shield nice nice job
hmm
some people wanted to Zelda game and
what they got was breath of the wild
exactly that's a good is a good game no
no well not if you're old-school like me
fucking the fucking original zeldo had
that nonlinear shit going on yeah oh I
thought they meant that as a compliment
like I wanted a Zelda game and we got a
Zelda game oh no I think it's people
complaining that that breath of the
wilds a departure
I'm not complaining that god of War's
departure hmm I'm not complaining cuz as
a partner I was never a fan of the
original god of war games oh okay
I just wasn't playing Ninja Gaiden at
the time it was a better fighter game
sure there's a better brawler yeah I
just don't like the cinematic experience
I'm sorry the cinematic experience in
gaming is garbage it's a poorly paced 45
hour movie don't do it a poorly paced 45
hour movie yeah that's pretty good
just farming arrows nice it's a Netflix
original series and you know what some
of those cutscenes look pretty damn good
why don't they use that technology to
make a Netflix original series I'd watch
the fuck out of that can I tell you how
down I am with the premise of this game
of God of War is is the Spartan The
Ghost of Sparta the the the Greek god of
war fucking up the Norse gods like
that's that's like fanfiction right this
is like the oldest fanfiction and I'm so
down with that idea mm-hmm but but but
but like I said I will go into it rich
and I will have a whole thing we will
have a whole thing fire arrows
yeah you know link needs magic hands
like then for my next trick
Alakazam
white Sasquatch says as long as we get
games like doom I can live with
cinematic games like God of War okay
yeah actually like games like that
except any Quantic Dream horseshit yeah
I think you need a fire arrow there if
you have any
nice now you're on it rich now you're on
it oh did you see it
you know I slink hurt his toe oh yeah
yeah it opened but it doesn't have any
shoes up um do you ever do the thing
where you crouch down to open it there's
a floating room this is a floating area
I missed it oh well you oh there it is
what the next time you have a treasured
dress I'll try to remind you and there's
there's no monsters er I've seen you
kick your toe before oh wait wait when
you crouch next to it it open it yeah
have you ever done that
no we'll do that it's fun it's kids cute
I've never seen him kick it without a
shoe before oh god damn it
people are saying there are more
floating arrows around yeah take a take
a circle oh there's one
I can't grab it it's stuck oh that's too
bad
yeah if I get
at 36 which is probably good for now and
anything we'd like to see in Doom 5 aka
door June 2016 two more fast paced
heavy-metal action yeah I was gonna say
more doom it would be great
give me some give me some more monsters
would that be nice
that'd be nice I think they got it
covered
I'm gonna I'm gonna go ahead and put
some trusts in that team
where were they they've earned a little
a little bit of confidence let them do
what they do
oh you fucking what he the one that the
weaker one dropped it and his weapon
ended up in the hands of the stronger
one nicely done
thank you
doomed part deux yeah it's just you know
like they they they understand it they
understand the whole doom situation so
we I don't need to give them a wish list
just have them do what they do more doom
more guns somebody hasn't different guns
would be nice like you said some new
monsters would be great and then just
doom again that would be great let's do
this yeah
nope bye oh yeah that killed him
yeah I wanted this fire a-rod oh yeah
terrible that would have been nice I
thought that was a platform down there
I'm very very something I'm very very
sorry that was the worst there's
literally the worst thing that was the
worst thing that ever happened yeah yeah
that's true
ah chicken macbeth oxes Jack do you
inspect your eggs before buying them and
what techniques would you recommend we
follow to pick out the best eggs i
second-chance rich he's not above a
platform just aggravating okay
I do inspect my eggs before purchasing
them but nothing for nothing like major
I just make sure there's no cracks in
them
generally speaking the eggs that you get
out of here Oh out of your grocers
freezers are probably gonna be fine they
go they go they go what an adorable
little monster I always the weaker one
the other one had the better weapon and
still you know what it's still fire wand
it's still gonna light some people on
fire
I sit in your grocers freezer right I
just said grocers freezer I don't know
why I said that but no you just make
sure there's no cracks in them it's okay
like open up the egg carton to make sure
there's no cracks in your eggs before
buying eggs that should be standard
operating procedure for any egg buying
make sure it ain't no eggs in them poop
out a little bomb
but I don't like wholesome duck duck
down yeah now open it oh wow didn't work
for this one okay maybe it only works
for metal ones I don't know we'll see
what's supposed to happen
link punches them and it hurts his hand
oh it's cute I know there are some
people that will like hold up each
individual egg to a bright light to make
sure that there's no chicken inside and
you know I'm just I just I believe in
the automation process where it has to
get through it has to go through so many
layers to make sure there isn't a
chicken inside where I'm not generally
worried about that yep
why are American egg shells white not
all of them are but most of them are
because someone thought it looked good
once and kept it that way oh oh
oh no no did it fall go I hate wind
world yeah
and it's true some chickens do have
white eggs but a lot of the eggs that
you'll find at the grocery store our are
bleached white but you know it's just
how we like them it's kind of the same
reasons that we have Oh Mike kind of the
same reason why we have all orange
carrots you know that carrots aren't
originally orange nope rich is going
through things yep so I'm gonna I'll
tell a little story about carrots carrot
carrots did not actually did not start
off orange there were a multitude of
colors but they found that the orange
carrots sold best cuz you know they were
brighter and they they caught the
attention of the people at the grocery
store and so then eventually just for
selling purposes everyone started
breeding orange carrots and that's why
the vast majority of carrots are still
orange today whoa fuck that's pretty
lucky
this is super interesting I don't know
if you're joking or not but I think it
is actually I think it is super
interesting because everyone just thinks
about carrots you think about orange
carrots but that's not that's not the
natural state of carrots I need to get
out of wind world and I need to get out
of wind world as quickly as I can
fucking get out of wind world you know
the same with same thing with bananas if
you ever hear not not to get too edgy or
religious or anything but you ever hear
that bullshit about the banana theory
yeah and Christians and how the end of
the banana is is is proof that God
exists claimed it was designed for the
thought for the human hand right and if
you ever see a picture of what an
original banana look like it looks like
a tennis ball with like some people
might not know yeah what do you mean
original banana oh well the the thing
that existed you know before the banana
as we knew it right then because the
banana as we know it has been cultivated
and basically engineered and genetically
modified to to be through domestication
of breeding of course to be to be the
banana that we know today and when when
the banana was found by early man in
nature it looked like a tennis ball with
spikes so we have used evolution to mold
the banana into a form that we that we
find please that suits our needs best
yes and so it's actually a really
amazing a piece of human manipulation oh
my god get out of there
wind world's what are you doing I'm
trying to put away my fucking axe and
having a hard time okay
concentrate I'm so sorry rich yeah
should happen yeah
wind world seems fucking intense fuck
wind world it way it was my fault I was
distracting with banana talk you're
right I'm sorry rich
I distracted you it's 100% true I mean I
don't know what I can say to that it's
absolutely true all my stupid banana
talk you know he doesn't have to start
over from the easy trial now you just
have to start from the medium trial
again right so that's you just have to
go back to wind world
I don't like world I like that
gobbledygook sky blue hook says my story
was too appealing
it's great that's good
wind whirled the fucking wind world
dr. Luba tubbses hi rich and Jack lately
I've been watching your Sierra adventure
game streams I've watched all police
quest base quests and king's quest
streams have you streamed any other
Sierra games we tried to do a Leisure
Suit Larry but I don't think we had a
very good time no we tried the second
one yeah and we ended up not having a
very good time so we stopped but we will
get to more Sierra games in the future I
know people like them I think the game
is just fucking with it oh no that's not
just it's alright
yeah I do think it would be fun to do
some some point-and-click adventures too
as long as they don't have any voice
work to them because I think that's part
of the fun of those streams is is rich
and I doing the voices
so I'm okay with point-and-click
adventures as long as as long as there's
no voice work to them you know a classic
Lucas art point-and-click adventure
would be great secret of monkey island
I've never played it maybe i one-celled
the best of the worst to do monster
infighting just like boom you know that
would be a good idea
like if monsters could hurt well some
can like the the jellies yeah the
choo-choos if you make a choo-choo
explode it hurts the other monsters are
that's not like the fighting though yeah
yeah it would be fun if you could like
make the monsters pick a fight with each
other yes
it would be very my god I thought that
was gonna hurt you
I thought the Jets is gonna
people boop boop boop boo boo
where did the chest go
what just just I just knock blew up the
platform oh it wasn't a chance I'm just
a bow on there okay
max thrust as I agree with the
disappointment in the cutscenes of God
of War but the combat is so awesome
don't oh don't read max thrust I did
wink wink
look I didn't know whole nice nicely
done rich you actually I was aiming for
his chest you did a homework
apparently doom guy's real name is Flynn
McTaggart s and the stupid novelizations
that doesn't count as far as I'm
concerned his real name is doom slayer
yeah well according to it's tough words
supposed to be use deliberately unnamed
okay
his name is doom slayer and that is the
only name i will accept
oh no not again it's fine
oh here's the little one this is the one
I want to farm basically yeah yeah over
here pal this is an interesting new
level to this tactical level to to this
to this trial come over here
I don't know if I've ever seen the big
fire one before
oh fuck Sagan that a bit much
yes yes it is rich
he just does not want to get above a
platform
yeah take them over there maybe he'll
land some fire bombs on those monsters
down there I'm taking heat damage
why does the fire thing you want link
dead because he's a monster and links
the hero duh
Markham no you do not get gear in the
trials
now
Oh
if you don't airy Nantz says if you
don't want to take heat damage maybe you
should be wearing more than a pair of
Barbarella shorts I don't really have an
option in the matter this is the trial
of the sword and you don't get any of
your items when you do the trial of the
sword so rich cannot wear anything but
his those look like Under Armour like
like athletic boxer shorts yes
it's very good oh my god I think it's
the guy up in the balloon thing that has
the bombs cheese crisp
I'm so sorry so so sorry
rich should be dropping bombs war go it
go drop bombs more in the wind level
where the bombs go straight up last time
I did that I killed myself if you this
is in this level there the wind is
shooting directly up that's why we're
rich is able to float around everywhere
if you if you drop a bomb the bomb then
goes up kind of near the person who
dropped it you see so in fact it's it's
probably a level specifically designed
so you can't bomb scum like you can in
the first level hole is they said
everybody's just bombs coming their way
past these trials let's create a level
where you can't bomb scum discipline
daddy says drop up stupid duh just drop
them up I think that's him making fun of
the other person not us so that's why I
liked it the bomb scum sounds like a sex
act
well just keep throwing those bombs
which they say it's gonna work oh
actually that blocked an arrow how that
was pretty sweet you don't seem to be
doing any of the image that's weird oh
my got three health because it didn't
heal before the trial started mmm that
better days better day stick
you're doing great rich I think you're
doing great
I think you're doing great
everybody everybody's doing great I
think everybody's doing great ooh-whoo
the death spiral yeah now just shake it
shake it off rich you can get there
that's great whoa uh feeling a little
tired feel a little tired yeah my mom
some I'm on some new medication yeah
yeah I went to the doctor yesterday okay
I don't know if anyone's ever noticed
this in the best of the worst but my my
hands shake every once in a while I
think I talked to you about this you did
you did my hands have been involuntarily
shaking and I started to get really
freaked out you know cause like it's
like you know I make a lot of I I
mentioned that the fact that you were
getting freaked out about it was
probably not going to help the shaking
it doesn't but you know I I make it I
make enough Michael J Fox jokes where I
thought they'd had some irony in for me
well actually I think with Parkinson's
the shakings have resulted the
medication the not all the time but it's
a different kind of shaking according to
my doctor that was my first concern is a
early Parkinson's shaking he said is
more rolling shake okay he called it
pill roll shaking like if you think of
rolling a pill between your your finger
and your thumbs and he said so if you
start like doing that
that's early Parkinson's right what let
me drop some bombs on these guys oh
sorry yeah rich please drop some bombs
on those guys oh no just open it me oh
sorry now dropping bombs bombs oh no
that didn't work at all rich just
dropped some bombs why are you dropping
bombs on them oh that's good you're
doing great rich you're doing great so I
know in case I went to the doctor
yesterday because my hands have been
uncontrollably shaking and I think it's
been getting worse than like you like
you said it might just be that I'm very
worried about it so it's getting worse
and as it turns out what I have is
something called familial essential
tremors which is a very fancy medical
term for your hands shake and we don't
know why it's a it's a it's a nervous
system disorder that is inherited
through your family and and so oh your
bomb disappeared yeah teleported me over
here no no it's not the coffee I drink
and it's not detoxing from alcohol
withdrawal it is a it is a what just let
them have that
oh you think no it's a real it's a it's
a real inherited nervous system disorder
that can run in your family my mom has
very shaky hands and and so what they
prescribed to me rich yeah is is a blood
pressure medication medication to lower
my blood pressure even though I have
fantastic blood pressure right because
it helps slow your heart rate and
essentially calm your nerves
but one of the side effects is it makes
you very tired because it you know it
slows your heart rate and calms your
nerves and so I'm a little out of sorts
is I guess what I'm doing I'm warning
everyone that it's okay it's only eight
o'clock and I'm feeling like it's
midnight what a coincidence
that's what it is what I wanted to tell
everyone yeah it's a beta-blocker it's a
beta blocker and so I just wanted to
give everyone a warning if I'm if I
start getting a little out of sorts as
it's getting later so I just started
it's it's gonna be weird but I've
already noticed a slight improvement in
the hand shakiness which is very nice
but I was actually having some problems
while on the shoots where you know I
hold the camera as part of my job and if
it's shakes you really notice so I had
some clients ask me about I was like
shit I should go to a doctor if clients
are starting to ask me about it Jack
were your pants
Jack I think I have the sort of this
disorder I think a lot of people do I
think people who have shaky hands
there's a lot of a lot of people oh
you're right dreamer TK I would be
perfect fit for the next Cloverfield
movie just hire me hire me
all right person in the chat who
recommended stasis on those guys yeah
tastic idea stasis and then smack around
got to use all your tools rich gotta use
all your tools
good job Chad you did it and now they're
just telling you to use bombs again so
just stop are you all assholes
how could every single one of you be an
asshole what are the odds every single
one of you he doesn't drop his thing no
of course not
Oh Oh God you did it you did it I didn't
want him to drop the massive fireball
thing again yeah you did it I'm
surrounded by assholes I knew it I'm
surrounded by assholes
now throw a bomb at him because he's
under the platform
yeah this guy's sucks
how much is this how much is this fire
wand worth oh wait is that it no that's
not it
did it fall near the thing shit shit
it's worth a lot to me actually to have
a mega fire rod yes yeah there's some
clever game design involved there's
gonna be ice levels later that could be
maybe that fire rod we gave you hope you
kept like that kind of thing yeah yep
that could be valiant blood John says
hey Jax did you get a chance to watch an
in Jack yet the last episode comes out
tomorrow and then Friday it will be
taken offline thus far it will only be
available for a few more days I haven't
valiant bloodshot and I need to make
myself a note or else I will forget
again I'm gonna put it you know what I'm
gonna do I'm gonna put it in my calendar
cuz I do want to see it and make a
little note to put in my calendar for
tomorrow watch ninja thing did you die
already it's gonna be a death woke up
down here okay I put it in my calendar
boom
I will remember now - watch the ninja
king ninja versus the valiant universe
nin Jack versus the valiant universe a
thing to watch what what happened
I got sniped I got 360 no scoped those
bum arrows man they got you they got
your number 8 the wind stages just
destroy the other room there's stuff in
there there's stuff in there rich
I don't know if you guys can hear that
yeah I think he's throwing things I
think he's throwing things it's gonna be
fine it's gonna be fine snug bug xi says
chicken eggs are white in the US because
we mainly use white chickens we don't
change the bleach we don't change the
bleach the egg brown eggs come from
brown chickens love you guys have a nice
day is that true snuggle bug hmm I don't
know if that's true and we have to
Google that
and we have to google that
and Google that way now
I'll go with that later
a total Lehmer says speaking of
adventure games have you ever played the
Serbia games I think three came out
recently but it was awful I heard one
was definitely fun though I don't think
I've played any of this Serbia ones
sorry
seborrhea serbia like the area of russia
that's how it's spelled that's how it's
spelled yeah I I don't know if rich is
coming back I just don't know check
Twitter for watan check Twitter for what
my Twitter or prereq Twitter
what the heck is that that's weird
that's weird
thanks for thanks for sharing that
telegin I appreciate that let's see what
we got here juggles faces says oMG I
finally made it to a livestream you guys
are great can't wait to see you guys
play God of War quick question what is
your favorite console generation rich
Jack keep being awesome hey rich hey I
feel better
great favorite console generation it's
your favorite console generation I play
on PC questions silly bagel you want to
play my PC games I had in 1985 mm-hmm
it's all one big generation it's all one
PC it's all one big generation oh that's
a that's like a you just made a
commercial game put that put that on a
bumper sticker man if they still make
bumper bumper stickers I think there's a
there's a good argument to be made for
the Nintendo 64 was a decent generation
I loved my Nintendo 64 but but that was
literally only the Nintendo 64 the-- the
Gamecube ps2 generation was a fine
generation of console gaming a lot a lot
of good things coming out of the ps2 in
the Gamecube I like that a lot yep and
I'm fairly happy with with these modern
times where I can play PC games and
switch games and ps4 games
well blood-borne so I could Flav switch
games and PC games and blood-borne
so I'm pretty happy with uh with how it
is right now oh yeah I guess I got that
but yeah again you know we got super
mario sunshine we got Wind Waker Mario
Kart Double Dash Metroid Prime Resident
Evil 4 on the Gamecube has beautiful ps2
obviously just had fucking everything
ever ever my PC stance that's that
shit's posted somewhere right I mean I
didn't even remember the specifics
anymore we built that like four years
ago now I'm sure we put it out there
somewhere is it's not anywhere
specifically this one car cuz this is
that one right the one we built a while
ago I just don't remember processor I
was a Pentium I wasn't what was it
but I five I think pretty sure it's nine
five I don't remember which particular
clock speed on that though sure
all there's garbage in every generation
there's garbage there shovelware
but I'm pretty happy with what's coming
out right now right now this very moment
and on the Gamecube ps2 generation those
would have to be my stoppers obviously
you know there's plenty of good for the
Super Nintendo but
the Wii is master of all shovelware yeah
it used to be the we used to be the
master of all shuffle we're and now that
that has been taken over by steam steam
is now the master of all shovel where
ps2 was pretty it was pretty shuffle
where heavy yeah right now the switch is
just filled with garbage if you ever
take a look at the Nintendo eShop for
the switch so very much garbage
the switch eShop is is terrible it's
absolutely terrible it really really
truly is you know a steam steam his try
the steam has tried to kind of
algorithmically curate it's horrible
shop to say like we have 10,000 million
games but due to our algorithm we think
you might like these can you call it a
horrible shop when when they have sales
they're so good I know there's a lot of
crap on Steam how but damn can you get
some fine prices on some games it's it's
a horrible shop in that it's hard to
find new games unless you know what
you're looking for going in unless you
go into steam saying I want to buy game
X if you just want to like have you ever
gone to steam and just browsed around
like yeah worse then what are some
adventure games that I want to play it's
a it's a horrible shop for browsing hey
you brought up a ranking by consumer
ranking oh sure sure there are there are
some ways to do that but even then
there's just too many there's just too
many and like I said steam is is trying
to to curate that with with algorithms I
I don't know if it works all the time
but they're trying
what online game store isn't like that
though that's that's true jr. ease 45
there's this that's a lot
yeah you just have to come straight I'm
not dying how about this rich I have a
football Oh
can after you knock him out can you grab
his weapon with your magnet out of his
hand
sorry too late like can you steal a
weapon from a bad guy with your magnet
I've never tried I'll just have to be
fine with my fire arrows yeah better
than dying follow devs directly to find
the real good shit storefronts and games
media will do you wrong you know you
find you find your curation where you
can find it and if you say oh here's a
here's this gaming critic who I follow
and I I find interest in games through
that game and critic then you follow
that gaming critic and yeah the same
with game devs oh this game devil often
retweets stuff his friends are working
on and I usually find that interesting
we all find our curation where we can
but alright you gotta move you've got to
move brother
oh no wonder
whoo that was a close one almost ran out
of juice
nicely done nicely done
how's a great slow-mo Hey
nice nice
you're doing great
right hey did you kill everybody no not
yet I'm missing
there's probably guy over oh yeah there
is
oh that remark but the the guy who's not
throwing bomb arrows so he wasn't a
priority for you wait wait wait wait
wait it's gonna fall remember you want
to move it first over how huh the couch
any nudge it
how no it's fine
great oh they're saying with that one in
particular in case you have to come back
to this level if you die later magnet
for might yeah so that's a good
suggestion it's a good suggestion you
guys think if we pool our money we can
buy the Deathstalker game rights the you
know who's in who's in charge of
programming the whimsical rape minigame
rich why am I so angry I'm fine
you might be you might see me
concentrating and maybe that looks angry
I'm fine the night
we're playing birthday I got my game
face on man oh shit
you have your shield
nicely done how many more how many more
no fuss no muss with that guy eat it
dickbag just the one man alright just
the one
there's no treasure in here it's gotta
be some treasure in the
the
there you go yeah the arrow waster
that's what they call that one
Deathstalker could be a fun game
obviously it's just generic barbarian
man generic barbarian man kills the evil
wizard play a tiny barbarian oh I love
that game
tiny barbarian so that's a wonderful
game that imagine that tiny barbarian is
just Deathstalker shrunk down and you
got yourself the makings the evil wizard
shrunk Deathstalker
on a barbarian tiny barbarian yeah kind
of like Hana Berberian Hana barbarian
they never did that didn't they I don't
know they did Thunder Thunder oh that
was what that was that that guy was the
final before the rest area when I died I
died to the first time through I died
did a cyclops that's right you were so
close you're so close
tiny barbarian is on the switch - oh
that's great what an adorable game I had
the greatest time playing tiny barbarian
fund are the Barbarian with claw the MOT
glove the Mook there safely mocked come
on we've got them up or maybe moot I
thought it was moot oh okay
it's MOT tea so I read that as much ah
mooch I think is M OoT but maybe they
spelt it wrong it's just give me how I
remember them pronouncing it which just
could be wrong mm-hmm but I remembered
thunders I scare off the ferry there's a
ferry there was a ferry he's good oh you
did it's gone off rich no you're paying
attention compare they're saying it's
you Claude the mock okay so you both
were wrong how about that
you're not gonna cook anything I was so
upset by my not getting the ferry that I
skipped over it I know gameface rich
well get it together man
whoops Tamina do that she's right in
your fucking face that was a horror
movie rich was distracted by my
barbarian sign and I know I just
shouldn't talk just don't talk well
someone's gotta talks in theory it's a
gaming stream in theory it's a stream
where we talk about bullshit while we
play games absolutely but oh that was
nice all right I like this farm war I
like the wind world dark world you're
okay with yeah
I tuned in for the bull scat well we got
plenty of that were you here earlier
when we were talking about bananas it
was the whole thing there's whole thing
humping the endless tiny dwarf says you
hate the wind levels but you like
windwaker inconsistent much uh-huh
that's a good joke that was a good joke
tiny barbarian or whatever your name was
that's cool-looking darkness
encompassing me absolute horror what oh
he's a fire breather
nice
nicely done
jack sing more rock that's all I know
I'm sorry that's all I know that's all I
know to do juggle faces as oMG I finally
made it to a live stream you guys are
great can't wait to see you guys play
God of War quick question what was your
favorite oh we already read that fact
four odds as I found Python 2 and the
item in a secondhand store in Milwaukee
the other day all I could think was that
your destruction of those films was in
vain the item was $10 the item was $10
no the destruction was still not in vain
we destroyed those copies that's all we
can do there are there are there's one
less copy in the world
he threw his sword at you dumbass dink
what a dink prices up because supply is
down secondhand store Milwaukee was it
like a hipster second-hand store maybe
they knew of us and they they're
stocking an rlm section a bo TW section
I think Ryan Wow we've talked about that
a cone in movie where he's doing Conan
the old king yeah that would be neat
where the whole movie you think it's
leading up to Conan's heroic death but
he's just too much of a badass he's just
too much but he actually overcomes
fucking everything they throw and then
he sits back on his throne and he's
depressed and he because he wants to die
like a warrior would die yes but that's
the tragedy he can't get his warriors
death because he's too good the final
shot is him sitting on his throne and
the camera slowly pulls back as like you
know the the today's business is read to
him and he looks miserable that's the
final shot of the movies just know it's
gotta be him just dropping the crown and
walking off with a sword still he
doesn't want it he doesn't want to be
the king you just you just abandoned
there's no honor and abandoning the
kingdom rather he'd rather you know new
adventures there's no honor in that wait
where'd you get pants a chest rest area
Oh congratulations
King Conan him King County on would be
great oh this is creepy as hell I love
it all their glowing eyes yeah well yeah
he has to fight the evil wizard you know
like that's what he that's what calls
him back to the adventure fea stuff you
know fight the evil wizard for the good
of the kingdom or whatever and he and he
has glorious battles and and he finally
sees his moment to sacrifice himself to
save the kingdom but like word said he's
just too much of a badass and he's still
alive and he wins and he's miserable
because of it he's got to go back to his
day job that's how I wanted to him he
goes back to his day job as the king
shouldn't be able to hit me while I'm in
the middle of the fucking it's fine
no what you got go back to the beginning
oh I know be kidding no no do you wanna
give a shot no no I'm not out of I'm not
in the zone man I'm not in the zone at
all
Conan Allah you know oh what I just
missed they were they were showing UHF
at a theater a couple weeks ago and I
was out of town and I was really upset
because I found out about it too late
that's like oh I'd love to see UHF on a
big screen with a crowd of people I like
we're down I don't think you would shift
that much you think that's good oh shut
up it's a classic there's some lazy
parodies Conan a librarian it's coupon
but but that's the only joke
welcome to like Weird Al's almost entire
discography man it's like Conan the
librarian is a lazy parody it also lasts
20 seconds it's exactly what it needs to
be it's a goddamn classic Richard Evans
Richard Edlund Evans don't you know the
Dewey Decimal System and it cuts the guy
in fucking half it's Birds puts great I
remember we watching it as an adult
being like Twinkie Weiner sandwich
yeah I pulled out the middle name rich
does a rich deserved it you only pull
out the middle name when they're in
trouble
you guys are not just saying by the way
you guys are just like now repeating
lines from UHF and it's making me smile
so much like to add the game show
remember the heads like the fish game
show or you can like win fish and so you
either get you either get you know your
weights in red snapper or what's in the
box
let's do the box nothing what they came
out of the supply closet and they said
supply you are such a dork
not only were they in a supply closet
but man
generally speaking original native Asian
speakers would you know change else to
ours and so it was like a double joke us
fucking greatest movie it's the greatest
movie oh it's like a double joke rich
supplies
oh I am losing I that that was sorry I'm
very I'm just kicking in I'm feeling
pretty mellow I gotta go take a couple
more puffs of my medication I'll be back
whoa what movie I'm talking about UHF
weird it weird al' yankovic is one and
only vehicle no Jack does not blaze that
was it that was a joke I'm on some
montsum blood pressure medication which
in general lowers my heart rate and
mellows out the nerves Abed so do you
remember the infamous we're not infamous
the famous Simpsons monorail episode oh
of course they ripped UHF off the ending
when Leonard Nimoy beams away
Oh didn't die the alien who helps and
then goes away
he didn't beam away though did he he I
think it buta where the any UHF doesn't
he actually say oh good night no at you
in in the end of UHF he beams away but
did he beam away at the end of the
monorail absence
but you didn't do anything no it didn't
I I don't I don't think he said Oh
didn't I in UHF is a but if they both
beams away already not going well
I hate wind world