Yes, More Zelda. (pt.1)
April 8, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvFeA8tbMOM

heids ah mine I was thinking the other
day about just Superman and and
injustice injustice okay like like evil
evil Superman and I'm thinking I I know
now how you end an evil Superman story
there's here's the okay here's the weird
thing about like injustice Superman or
like alternate universe where all the
superheroes turn evil and Superman leads
the injustice yes yep
it's it's weird that Superman just
becomes completely evil
okay that's weird because really
Superman would just be doing what he
thinks is for the greater good right
right so at the if I were to write a
story about an evil Superman I wouldn't
end it by having them being like raving
and insane will be Gog I'll get you you
don't you don't do that you know you
know how you end an evil Superman story
okay somebody talked some sense into him
and then he turns himself in that's how
that's how good Superman would solve the
evil Superman crisis it wouldn't be by
by punching him enough
it wouldn't be by exposing him to
kryptonite it would be by showing him
the errors of his way and because even
the evil currently evil Superman was
once you know good the same same
upbringing he would eventually come
around and then you end the evil
Superman story he puts himself in jail
he's sitting in the jail cell and then
like like this is my disaster going on
on the other side of the earth and he
just flies out of the jail takes care of
the disaster and then he just goes back
to jail so again this big hole in the
wall when you left to take care of the
hurricane problem you can't he just goes
right back to jail you don't you don't
do that you don't have him break the
wall the the this natural disaster is
happening on TV outside yeah and he
hears that and he hears that and then he
looks to the guard and and the guard
looks back and the guard unlocks the
door okay the guard a large door and
service is up I'll be back in an hour
but then he comes and then he comes back
that would be right
he's gonna he's gonna serve his time
yeah yeah he's of course he's gonna
serve his time because he's Superman
well what comic is that from where where
Batman kills the Joker on Superman's
behalf wait Batman kills the Joker
yeah is that in the injustice , I used
are you thinking of where the Joker
kills Lois of Superman kills the Joker
no Batman kills the Joker so Superman
doesn't have to I don't know what this
is and then turns himself in and
Superman walks through the the the
barricade in the prison to give Bruce a
hug because Bruce saved him from having
to kill the joke I have no idea what
this is
someone's gonna know this
someone's gonna know what this is it was
a dream in the injustice comics okay
that that was apparently a dream
sequence okay but it was it was that
same kind of adorable where Superman you
know like just walks through steel and
brick to give Bruce a hug because Bruce
is like oh oh
Superman alright there's problem with
the story nobody would put Batman in
jail for killing the Joker all of a
society would just be like you know what
you gotta pass on that we're fine with
this we're gonna we're gonna look the
other way well this whole thing by
getting obscure it'd be like the North
Hollywood shootout you got super narrow
I know what's the North Hollywood
shootout rich famous bank robbery
shootout that happened damn near 20
years ago okay it was like he was like
97 there was a famous incident in LA
where these two bank robbers robbed a
bank with ak-47s okay
and they head-to-toe were wearing body
armor oh and they robbed the bank and
the robbery went bad and the cops were
completely outgunned
okay these bad guys had ak-47s this is
before the police this is actually this
is the incident that made the police
start getting more militarized oh this
is the
that started because the police were
only armed with like nine-millimeter
handgun right right and they could not
shoot the bad guys because they were
wearing too good a body armor and
meanwhile the bad guys the ak-47s were
flat-out shooting through the cover the
cops were using because they had because
they had ak-47 right right okay
and the reason I bring that up now is
because once once SWAT got their shit
together and showed up and shoot these
guys yeah well one of them shot himself
but they shot the other one and one of
the criminals is lighting lying there
bleeding on the street could have easily
been saved the cops just let him bleed
to death they did not what an ambulance
come in no though there's still we're
still investigating the crime scene and
basically the cops deliberately let this
guy bleed to death and because these
were homicidal assholes who were running
around the streets with ak-47s and had
that dope body armor yeah nobody really
cared everybody just kind of gave this
incident a pass yeah I kind of let him
bleed to death
this case is fine it wasn't an unarmed
black man it was a homicidal mania oh I
forgot to change something caiman cops
do that all the time Richie yeah but
this was like on live TV this was this
was very public and more importantly
everyone agreed to be okay with it
instead of having you know outrage for
police abuse of power so I think the
Joker being murdered would go down that
way right like at this point every time
Batman brings the Joker in people have
got to be mad at Batman he's just gonna
get out again
why are you kill him what do I do it I
no time I only bring that up because I
was like watching a documentary about it
the other day oh sure yeah
boom great now back over here okay one
more thing to do we need to update the
stream which I am working on we are now
playing kill the Joker a thousand more
rise up to take us place no I don't see
that I don't see that happening if how
many Jeffrey Dahmer's are wearing around
since he got killed in prison if if a
thousand more would take his place then
they would also try to take his place if
he was still alive it's not like the
Joker is the cork holding back the
criminal the criminals of Gotham sound
like there's a revolution to continue on
right yeah
Joker's not going to die a martyr for
you know insane criminals right please
try not to be dumb hey hope here we go
rich Joker equals def Jeffrey Dahmer
kind of they're both insane people who
kill people the both insane killers yep
I mean Joker I think has a little more
Flair let's yeah that's I mean I'm not
gonna argue that come
not many people shed tears when Jeffrey
Dahmer died hmm and a thousand Jeffrey
Dahmer's didn't rise to take his place
and I think in that way he's equivalent
to the Joker sure I could see that rich
I could absolutely see that
daaamn word Dahmer had a little bit of
flair sure but not not Joker Flair
fun fact during the Hollywood shootout
cops went to a local gun store to get
more powerful weapons
yeah but they wouldn't have had to if
the killers weren't able to get their
hands on ak-47 I do I like that though I
like that they had to go to the gun
store that's a true that's actually a
true thing but they by the time they did
it swatted already arrived so it
actually was a non-factor in the outcome
of the incident okay sure that's funny
though yeah the criminal was done in by
it by SWAT using swats normal weaponry
sure
what a neat game this game is so fun and
I I wanted something I was going mime a
trip and I wanted something to bring
along on my trip all right you know I
wanted a new game and so actually I've
got blossom tales which you and I had
looked at as a you know possible game to
play on stream or just talked about like
I didn't even know it existed you're the
one who said hey look at this game it's
like it's like Zelda Link to the Past
yeah and we looked at the trailer and I
said that's not like Zelda over the past
that is Zelda a link to the past but you
know so I downloaded that because I was
like oh this will be an easy playing
game I'll check it out it is and it is
Zelda a link to the past it is there's
no bones about it
and yeah was that 26 let's see if I got
anything better and you know it's not
bad it's not a why aren't we watching
WrestleMania 30 for a great question I
stopped watching wrestling when
WrestleMania was still in the single
digits I think the last WrestleMania I
watched seven okay I think seven was the
last one I watched
okay okay dokey
so the flame blossom tails and it's is
cute but it did not hold my attention
yeah and so on a whim I was I was
looking through my bag of all of my
little cartridges and I see breath of
the wild America yeah you know what I'll
start a new breath of them I thought you
remained to replay this anyway I
probably would have eventually like I I
didn't replay it out of any purpose I
just I'll tell us this I'll start a new
game I'll start a new game and I'll see
if it can recapture the magic it had the
first time yeah and here's the thing
rich and and and this is going to be
full screen please see the game oh this
is widescreen game getting our yeah
that's just how it works because it's
not all the way to the bottom because
our oh yeah yeah because we have the
banner because we have the banner okay
yeah it's in the correct aspect so it is
that your ear absolutely right now it's
in the correct aspect ratio no I just
saw I just started playing this to play
it and here's the thing rich you've said
this to you before yeah it's actually
better the second time around Wow with a
caveat zelda breath of the wild is
better your second time with with one
caveat yeah that is you have to wait
like a year to play it for your second
time you let it sit for a while you have
to let it sit for a while don't play
like play it play the whole thing then
wait a year then played a second time
because then when you play the second
time it adds a layer of theming because
you kind of remember stuff but not
really yeah and everyone in the world is
saying you've forgotten
have you forgotten this because that's
the the story of the game and so it's
more in theme with the game where you
kind of remember that something might be
up on that mountain but you're not
really sure that's cute you do love your
theming I do I love my already farty
bullshit rich and and so I've been
really enjoying it the second time
around you know that you don't get that
oh I think I can take you well I guess
no burn oh shoot me nope oh that was my
last shield - I'm out of here fuck
fucked up rich okay how did you fuck up
oh I didn't do my reflector ointment I
didn't do my reflector I lost your
shield and I lost my only shield
oh you're fucked no I'm not fucked I'll
be fine there's my horse
god damn it where's my horse oh my shit
oh fuck I'm fucked fine just kill me
just kill me oh really
yeah I'd rather I'd rather start over
get my shield back we can't hear the
game oh I probably turned it so down for
Diddy yeah oh no we can just do that
right now cuz oh yeah that's right the
way this works that's right yeah sorry
guys we'll fix it
mama says do you have any stories about
disgusting physical attributes and/or
deformities feel free to go into long
drawn-out detail no I don't I'm sorry
I'm not sorry I know I don't how about
that
where am I and what am i doing oh yeah I
was heading this way
there's my horse manases rich was very
impressed with your recounting a
recounting in great detail that random
episode of Danny Phantom I show that
even as an 8 year old I thought was
pretty mediocre and forgettable
okay wait way to be kind of an asshole
wait way to be a way to be a
passive-aggressive twat
that's exactly what they were you talked
about Danny Phantom yeah okay
I've never seen Danny Phantom your kids
were probably good know you would enjoy
watching it with your kids cuz it's like
he's not he's not Peter Parker but it's
basically it's a spider-man style
superhero okay yeah I think you've
talked about him before was a kid show
okay say about it Wow did it
I always my god damn horse
oh I think I left him over there
but da da da da this games great by the
way I know we just we just kind of
talked about that but it's true it's a
great game watching you play it makes me
want to play it honestly there's a rock
up here you know what that means it
needs a little bit more horse variety a
little more horse variety it needs more
horse variety uh you know you get the
DLC and get a motorcycle have you got
the motorcycle no what do you need to
get the motorcycle I need to finish the
the champions quest so I need to get all
four divine beasts really then I need to
go through the DLC in its entirety and
only after then can I get any more
basically making you finish the game
first
oh fuck you a Nintendo before you get
your motorcycle and I really want that
motor I was gonna say you should get the
bike on the stream tonight oh that I
mean I'd love that but I don't kendo
since I saw a trailer for a rocket
League movie recently and it actually
looked fun what would your ideal rocket
league movie look like and how much
sports movie schlock would there be I do
not have any need for a rocket League
movie not games don't need to be movies
and movies don't need to be games it's
fine as a fun sport without a movie what
let's heresy rich everything needs to be
a movie everything a movie everything I
know I know it's just too much it's
overkill
they have weird recipes I've been I've
been concentrating a little more on
cooking oh that's nice that'll be good
what about a doom movie Robin probably
wouldn't be very good I know they made
one I don't know that I've felt much
like doing yeah wasn't very good we
don't need to do a movie we have a great
doom game yeah we have a great doom game
do movie could be done would you need to
alter it enough that it wouldn't feel
like doom wouldn't you those otherwise
just got a run guy running around
killing much demons which has its charms
especially as a game yeah yeah yeah well
you can do the do prequel as a movie
like what happened on the base before
the demons got let loose but yeah but
then would you care where's the treasure
chest you're supposed to have treasure
chests gosh dang I'm cut over my horse
I always forget always forget my horse
and I love my horse my horse is great
and it's cobalt cobalt my green horse I
don't see the value in making something
with no story into a movie just so dorks
can complain about what they got wrong
you said that it scrolled someone's
spitting truth they're rich when I give
them credit wonderful people you chat so
much as those tract things you've
wonderful people watching sport list
that's true there are wonderful people
they're wonderful people don't give them
credit they later do when I can't cuz I
lost track of the coming but here's
here's the odd thing about do movie do
with with so simple a story is doom had
they couldn't even get this shit that
was actually in do bright space marine
versus demons from hell and they fucked
that up
mmm-hmm steam soldiers fighting some
alien you know demons from hell the
virus makes it cool is that they're
demons from hell
with clothing feet and horns like demon
lady demons that's what makes it cool
yeah but but rich aren't demons silly I
mean let's be honest well they can't
piss off the Christians a timidly made
do movie if that's not a recipe failure
I don't know what is we just we're gonna
walk on eggshells for this doom movie
just pull it back a little bit our dual
movie might not appeal to Christians i i
i think i think there could be here's
the thing much like your dread much much
like your good action movies out
somewhere out there there's someone who
could make the ultimate doom movie the
perfect do movie and it still wouldn't
necessarily be necessary we we got doom
2016 we're good
I know someone violently disagree with
me and last time we talked about this
mm-hmm and I gave a shit for it because
I wanted it I wanted to springboard into
my go fuck yourself discussion okay
because I had some thoughts to say about
the phrase go fuck yourself
sure I might my personal opinion on doom
is the the lonesomeness of it all being
the lone Space Marine is very much an
important aspect of it being the only
one around the last one left alive
dealing with this shit isolated on Mars
it's part of what makes doom for me okay
I'm with you and I don't know how you
you can't do that for a movie you could
that's so in order to make any kind of
doom movie right off the bat you you
have to sacrifice one of the things that
I me rich Evans feels is integral into
the doom experience the lone marine I
think you'd get away with it uh-huh you
know you get away with it very similar
to what they didn't in do you know I'm
just ripping off what other people have
already done well yeah which is you look
at Dishonored 2 or doom 2016 where they
gave you backstory in the form of like
hologram projection as Argos right and
so like you could even have him like
talking to Holograms but still still
capture that loneliness that you look
that you want
can you have a movie with a silent
protagonist hmm I wonder what it would
Charlie Chapman would have to say about
that who was so close Chaplin Chaplin
God that was really close though but you
know he wasn't always silent because he
spoke sometimes can you have a movie
with silent protagonists that's a good
question well let's see here's the thing
if you do do them where it's just a lone
Marine fighting demons it's really just
a silent movie you have nobody to talk
to anybody right I think you could I
think you could you you give give the
hug you give the hologram projections
their own character arc as doom does his
action seek as do marine does his action
sequences we get those hologram
sequences uh it would be an interesting
challenge by the way that's a great way
to sell the script how well like what's
your what's your selling line what's
your tag line Jack what do you what what
what you say is we are going to do
something that we can put on every
poster in every advertisement it can be
a talking point for everybody who talks
about movies our main character doesn't
say a word and that studio executives
gonna be like yeah and remember like the
people who are doing this slightly wrong
yeah you say it'll be so easy to
translate for the Chinese market rich
Evans figures it out done fucking done
sold paid
uh yeah okay you're done you figured it
out just not like I know ain't all China
don't like demons don't like
supernatural stuff but you thought China
it's it's putative virus aliens change
the translation a little bit boom I just
lose my boomerang the way you play the
challenge rooms DLC up uh can i I don't
I haven't belated with the DLC I haven't
beaten the four beasts yep would you
need that to play challenger I don't
know oh do you get the bike just for the
challenge rooms baby or do you actually
have to complete all the dungeons this
is me now no cuz we get the bike just
for defeating the chalice dungeons or
the challenge dungeons or whatever the
excuse me whatever the fuck you call
them yeah I'm fine with that
okay okay there we go is what I need
I also think they want to see you play
the hard levels' cuz that would be
fucked sure yeah I can do
dlc one doesn't require dungeons okay
okay but which one gives you the bike I
want the bike
you need the Master Sword for the
challenge trials I don't have the Master
Sword Jack does not have the master
storm so can't do that
maybe next room do you have your old
safe from when you beat it no no cuz you
saved over I didn't make a new profile
or anything oh okay so no I don't wanna
bow that's nice I need a new shield a
new shield but I my thoughts of fury
road being intended as a silent movie I
mean it's it's not far off man Mad Max
is pretty close to a silent protagonist
I mean as is with the dialogue it has I
think it turned out just fine we're
talking about something that that may
actually be my favorite movie ever I go
that far off fury road I know that far
and I'm not disagreeing it's a very good
movie I think like if you're gonna
choose that I think that's a fine call
it's a very good movie Mad Max does not
say a lot of words in that movie is all
I'm saying
it's our silent protagonist oh yeah
and yeah Dredd also does not say a lot
in drin I think it's it's doable a doom
movie is doable and that's how you
that's if you're if you're writing the
doom movie if you're the screenwriter
for the do movie you sell it exactly how
rich and I said we oh we have a built in
talking point for all of our actors yeah
that's gonna get the movie super buzz
it's gonna be incredibly easy to
translate and it's going to be action
schlock which is selling very well right
now he got Pacific Rim you got ready
player one we have a lot of actions
schlock happening right now with doom
the only I mean the only place to see if
we get a free to get mileage out of it
as a story is the shit that happens
before everything goes down and the
movie would essentially just be a doom
prequel could could you do like you got
you know the penny this teleportation
now though this person didn't come out
the other side they just disappear and
then the day later they appeared but
they're kind of crazy oh what's going on
that could be the first 20 minutes then
the do marine shows up I'm just saying
pull up Prometheus with - I'm saying if
you're going to try and turn to them
into a a story that's that's where you
can do some mining for story in the
prequel League kind of what happened
before aspects yeah but that can all be
a hologram flashback while the doom
Marine is kicking ass and then the
entirety of your game is basically just
the ending action sequence it's doable
where are we what's happening there's a
tower over here think I add our sheep
there she be
Darby Matt our I have it marked on my
map
doom slayer needs a love interest here's
how I'd handle that into a movie okay
here's how I'd handle that you had this
loan this loan marine yeah who comes in
after he thinks everyone else is dead
but you get you get the even get the
person he talks to there's like a woman
who survived and he doesn't meet her but
she communicates via either radio or you
see her I'm like monitors okay and she's
like barricaded in an office somewhere
right and then in the third act you get
to her and you find out she she died
almost right away and you've just been
talking to something demonic who's been
trying to fuck with you well you get to
the office that she's talking to you
from not her and she's still talking to
you when you walk in the office but you
walk in the office it's just her fucked
up corpse there and and what you think
is normal action movie beads actually
the witch trying to kill you
well you yeah what you think is the love
interest is just demons fucking with the
protagonist I like it that's very that's
very Bioshock I like it
gorsh dormant so dead space I never
finished dead space neither did I and
I'm not sure I care - it's just it's not
high up on the radar not high up on my
to-do list so adieu movie is event
horizon and then dead space I've always
said that then horizon was basically a
dual movie dead event horizon is so
ripping off doom
prevent Rises too good to be associated
with doing doom is a bro shooter it's
fine if you love it but relax someone's
a stuck-up pretentious asshole
someone said that yeah oh man a bro doom
is a bro shooter I didn't know that
that's what you're going with man bro
shooter that's about the lightning
we gotta get we got it on equip some
stuff to put on our throne our bandana
I'm not gonna watch it now because the
audio wouldnt try to scream yeah you
keep telling me about this doom
commercial I will able to check it out
after the stream there's a doom
commercial apparently great
I love it
I love commercials I love doing great
keppel says Knebel rich what movie would
you vote for best of the worse in the
last episode and why what what was the
last episode last episode was a black
spine it's not about the one before that
which I didn't even see all the movies I
think they're talking about the death
stock or two episode oh I didn't even
see the first movie and I don't remember
what the last one was I just remembered
Deathstalker - I don't even know if I
remember all the movies we watched yeah
what is a what we're all the movies
there we only watch one movie in black
spine yeah and partners one partners one
best of the worst partners was best of
the worst always is best the worst
partners is best the worst even when we
don't watch partners y'all didn't vote
and blacks finally yeah cos they weren't
yam there it was that was kind of a
different thing and all those movies
sucked don beverage that's what I vote
how about that boom done that was not a
voting type situation that was uh we're
gonna talk about partners now hey buddy
Partners is in her early best of the
worst with a calendar from Canada and I
think it was before you guys discovered
him nope it was on the wheel because we
wanted to expose Jim and column do it we
knew what partners was at that time oh
yeah yeah oh we've had we've had
partners for a long time and oh boy oh
boy was one of the first things someone
sent to us when we started doing best of
the worst that's true that's true what
we were doing best of the worst yet it
was just because otherwise that probably
what I just sat in a shelf well we'll do
an episode we can't watch it the fact
that we watched partners after somebody
sent set it to us makes me think it
wasn't we weren't even doing best of the
worst yet that's a good question yeah I
think I think that was pre best in the
worst that might have been because
someone just sent it we know with the
note saying like my film teacher made us
watch his movie but they must they must
have known that we liked bad movies well
we talked about like troll 2 and and oh
god zap on half of the bag but what what
would what would make them send it to us
if we didn't do best of the worst I
think it might've been after mmm just
stuff for a while just they think we
will enjoy it yeah yeah we did flying
Ryan on on half in the bag oh okay okay
interesting interesting I don't know I
I'm gonna say it's after and what
happened was we pop we popped it in
because the note was so intriguing that
could be too and then we became
engrossed with it and we didn't think we
no longer thought
making an episode because we were too
engrossed by it I have to imagine at
some point we would have said wait we
need to stop and do an episode I I have
to imagine that I think we were too into
it and we were far too into it madam
says Jack I'm Jack any potential guest
stars on your Batman episode may be done
Wilson as commissioner or is this just
gonna be an all-out one-act fine just
for the joke it's just just the one bit
yeah we can't add too many bits fact
rods says hey guys so where that tip
about this shit was definitely a stupid
question I really love that stupid story
from you jack I needed a laugh like that
look Rick Nana says Joel Schumacher
falling down 8-millimeter phone booth
could do a decent Punisher hmm maybe hmm
I mean no it's easy to to judge Joel
Schumacher for doing uh Batman and Robin
mm-hmm very easy it's very easy
family the truth is when I think of Joel
Schumacher I don't think of the Lost
Boys or-or-or phone booth I think of
that's the guy who almost ruined Batman
the other guy who did it very particular
take on Batman that many people didn't
understand didn't like
did sir rich comment on solo trailer I
don't even
honestly I don't plan on watching it
I've heard they've there's a trailer a
new one yeah I I don't care enough to
even watch it right is the honest truth
who cares man who cares about solo why
do you care about solo people think
about it
what do you mean almost ruined Batman he
did well it wasn't too long after that
that Nolan picked up the baton I don't
think you could say he ruined it and he
got another movie out of it remember he
made two movie there wasn't there wasn't
that much time in between Batman and
Robin and Batman Begins like six years
is that it so really then you're only
talking like three years with
reproduction what was what was bad
better Robin 97 Chat Chat okay what do
you think what do you think this chat
saying eight years when I'll sink seven
okay that's more no it was just a there
was a bump in the road not a not a
murder eight years is a long time and at
the time this is before reboots for so
fucking common
I remember when Batman Begins came out I
was just thinking already this is before
reboots were coming but remember this is
the third and fourth Batman who came out
a couple years apart so to take to stop
making Batman after it had a that big of
a franchise life I think that's a big
deal alright I'm gonna call that a big
deal you say he killed it he killed it
they wouldn't have even bothered making
Batman Begins the dead he he he put it
in a coma okay well he didn't kill it he
didn't kill it he injured it enough that
they needed the best doctor they needed
a Nolan he didn't kill it he almost
killed it
yeah which was exactly how I phrased it
okay talking about it is about how right
I was
you were very correct in what you said
absolutely
you were absolutely very correct yes
rich thank you killed that iteration I
think when Batman Begins came out people
weren't sure if it was a prequel to the
Tim Burton movie
I wasn't sure because it could have been
yeah
yeah they were being pretty coy up until
up until you got to dark night with the
Joker I full-on thought then it was the
lead into Tim Burton's Batman huh my god
what's that bird at we're dead bird at
yo sad oh that's the elephant all right
I got the elephant what's Batman Forever
passable I I didn't like it that much
but the audiences did val kilmer Batman
yeah yeah that's it better than forever
I think oh yeah yeah no I and I mean the
the cast for that too
Jim Carrey at his height yet Tommy Lee
Jones Val Kilmer who is the lady in that
oh what's the lady's name Nicole Kidman
Nicole Kidman thank you
cut member which one she was Nicole
Kidman you have one of the best
soundtracks to the worst movie the the
soundtrack for Batman Forever is great
and I've even heard arguments that
Batman Forever
story-wise is one of the best Batman's
what presentation um you know obviously
that's a that's a Schumacher thing I'm
not necessarily down with but uh I want
to go I'm not that big I'm Jim Carrey in
it no oh he's a terrible Riddler he's a
terrible Riddler and you know what Tommy
Lee Jones is a terrible two-faced oh
yeah but you but also is what I mean
they don't the worst to face them but
it's what it's a Schumacher was he was
trying to bring back that that they
can't ride the Adam West camp and
obviously I thought that was the wrong
call I think there's a thing over this
way so I'm gonna go over this way
I think there's a thing over here see
this is what I'm talking about I think I
remember there being a thing over here
and that's about my horse oh fuck I want
my ow
can you whistle for the damn worse he's
way over there I think I'm too far away
oh wait wait wait wait don't get too far
you hear me
but Jim Carrey is trying to emulate
Frank Gorshin well then he see a
substandard Frank Gorshin he's not
emulating Frank Gorshin he's just being
Jim Carrey hey two-face teach me how to
punch a guy come here horse I should
have named him a horse where are you
where are you Cobalt there is oh there's
the bird the birds over there is my
horse hey yah horse time how about yeah
I'm gonna get you an apple that's a good
horse the James Bond franchise is the
most resilient franchise in history it's
just about run its course though has
that bummed can it can it I mean the
gimmicks gonna be to make him a woman
you need something you need something
and it'll get a bump out of that and
then the sequel to terrible and then
then I then who know then they'll go
then the then Oh okay ready ready for
what they do after that
you know man or woman after that
whatever they feel like but it's
low-budget James Bond I don't know about
low-budget they'll go back to being a
man after the second James Bond movie as
a woman James it'll go back to being the
man and it'll be a flat-out period piece
riff on the Sean Connery Bond sure tone
wise they'll go to recreate that
eat it cold monster extract great but I
predict the next bond will be female and
it'll do good because it's a it's a
gimmick hmm it's a gimmick sure sexist
female bond haha and then the next one
with the female will be like we saw that
we saw the gimmick you can't do a
gimmick twice and it'll be done but then
but then people be like but we did like
thirty of the other bonds and they're
like yeah we were tired of that and then
you did the gimmick and now we're tired
of that well then it's back to basics
yeah Sean Connery s bond takes place in
the 60s and it's got the goofy gadgets
all right I've gotta be down with that I
would kind of be down with that
I think something's over here right is
it like I'm I think there's a oh what oh
fuck I got metal
I got metal on female bond uses men for
sex it's a gimmick gimmick easy it's a
gimmick we're gonna spin as a political
revolution statement thing I can't it be
both can it be both
I can't we just let it die I if it's if
it's one franchise that I just don't
care about and don't think I've ever
cared about it's the James Bond
franchise Ruth none of them I I mean I
watched him and I enjoyed a couple of
them but I'd like if if you told me like
we're never making another James Bond
movie
I wouldn't care well I'm fine with that
because they've been like 20 of them
okay how about even if you said yeah
we're not making another James Bond
movie and somehow all of our prints of
every James Bond movie have been deleted
I'd say okay like I just wouldn't care
I'd save the Conn ringers and I really
like I see no rial okay I hated Quantum
of Solace no Casino Royale was shit yeah
I just wouldn't care take him away I
just would not care one bit
mmm there was something over here not
you guys I don't care about you guys I
got enough to teach in jelly
I'm gonna go fucker by you there's my
horse where's my Cobalt
you know like I remember watching the
goldeneye back in they didn't even all
the classic James Bond's and yeah
they're fine
they're fun they're cute but I just
don't care
Casino Royale was all right I don't even
think I saw Quantum of Solace that's
it's the bad one okay some of the chats
saying it was a victim of the writer
strike oh you're working on something
huge strike going on
can you just pause the production for a
month or two the strikes over maybe can
you just put things on hold
maybe not sometimes sometimes the answer
is no beat you know here's why rich if
you put things on hold it costs you
money okay and then the writers who are
going on strike have more power because
the longer they strike the more money
they cost you so all you're doing is
giving the people more power who you
don't want to have any power so what you
want to do is say haha we don't need you
even though like they clearly do writers
are the most superest superfluous
superfluous part of the process I mean
here well then why do you say things
suffered because of the writers strike I
mean that's that's the look if you're
Michael Bay yes that's like the worst
take I've ever heard the writer no man
man come on
writers have a job just like everyone
else sometimes you know sometimes the
the finished product is very different
than the original script but that
doesn't make the original script
worthless those were the bones that they
made the better thing out of if you're
like if you say well listen this this
foundation that you put this house on
like we don't even see that okay we have
this whole house we can just get rid of
this foundation because they got a house
on top of it see what I'm saying it yes
writers are an important part of the
process they're part of the team you
take out one part of the team
and you got a Michael Bay movie not yet
we are still putting these up on YouTube
I just got behind last week rich is on
it between taxes and taking care of my
fucking neighbor's cat go ball wait what
are you doing my horse just killed
himself rich he just jumped off of a
fucking mountain I have never seen that
before
well shit well now I'm at the bottom of
the what hell okay I have a serious
question what happens when your horse
dies you find a new horse why did he run
away from me there is a horse fairy
there's a horse fair he's a horse for a
they can bring a dead horse life I've
never used it I mean I'm not even I
don't even remember where the fuck it is
why did I think it's somewhere to the
south why did he run away from me why
did it my horse ran away for me I was a
good horse I was a good horse dad you
were a good horse I was a good horse dad
and my horse just ran off a fucking
cliff I can't save my drowning horse
he's gone then you resurrect your horse
at the horse fairy where's the where's
djaq need to go together with a horse
fairy because he can't just find a new
fucking I can find a new horse I just
didn't know if there was a better option
I I'm just I'm stunned I've just I've
never had a horse run off of a cliff
before you hope you can drown you
drowning yourself so you could report
back what you're doing no I'm gonna go
to that well no I'm not I'm I mean I'm
not gonna drown myself cuz I'll just go
back you know I'll just lose a heart and
end up yeah back here oh okay
I don't die from that I uh it's not a
bad idea though I could go back to my
old back has a short attention span
yeah what's over here odd trick says I
enjoyed Jack's poop story more than I
should have
thanks for playing diddy kong racing if
that was my favorite and most played
game on the n64 there's a few more of my
dollars for my favorite people thank you
thank you we got it Diddy Kong checked
off of the list we made it happen I'm
just I really liked that horse I had him
for a while I know I know I had that
horse for a while and he's really strong
you're gonna have him brought back live
it was a horse fairy somewhere in the
southeast I just I just I've never had
that happen before was that Rock Monster
I was a treasure chest monster I thought
I thought it was one of those uh you go
you dink dr. Lou it up says hi Richard
Jack I think there was something wrong
for the last half in the bag great
what's the wide shot why do the normal
also just started playing breath of the
wild myself really enjoying it so far
yeah it's it's a great game it's it's
the game I I don't think there was
anything wrong over the last half of the
bag there's a fine episode with Mike and
Jay is that what we're saying yeah yeah
Clarence ad says killing off characters
has become a cheap gimmick especially in
TV The Walking Dead exists simply to
kill off characters simply because
that's all they can offer instead of a
decent story alright sure storm Tipler
says y'all are back while you were gone
I left my apartment fell in love and
became a rlm patron now that you're back
I broke up with her and my life has
meaning jack here is your patreon cuttin
memento mori' Megan and I'm sorry
there may be glad how are we supposed to
feel about this it's a good thing or a
bad thing
Fenton Creed says you guys listen to the
RiffTrax RiffTrax podcast about the book
called 372 pages we'll never get back
they also covered his next book Armada
which is apparently even worse
no and I have nothing against them I've
never heard a riff Trek I've never heard
a riff track either I've heard bad
things about the book I think they're
talking about ready player one and his
next book Armada I've heard nothing but
bad things about the books so much so
that I just it's hard for me to believe
that they even were made into a movie
and Spielberg did an hour right jab he's
fucking Spielberg he made a decent movie
out of him it's a movie I probably will
not watch ever ever again
and it won't bother me my problem with
the book is that the writer has managed
to make a deus Nostalgia insufferable
for someone who grew up in and likes the
eighties
my generation was dust best asbestos
future generations will know it in fact
in fact we can save the world if we just
remember the 80s yeah yeah rich maybe
maybe maybe that's not the intention but
it comes off that way and it's brewing
the book for me yeah I'm with you I'm
with you 100% Oh precent Oh doo doo doo
doo doo where am I going
I don't know j-jack has lost all hope
after his horse died I I I'm a little
shell-shocked I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm
gonna be real I'm gonna try to be
emotionally honest with the chat and
with you rich Evans that now that I've
lost my like my horse I don't you don't
need your horse and oftentimes you know
you leave your horse places so you can
go climbing around yeah but in my head I
had a horse like oh I got a horse I can
get around on my horse just get a new
one it's easy man and yeah you know I'll
get a new one and I'm sure I'll fall in
love with that horse too so teleport to
an area where they got horses yeah
they've there's some horses over there
but I had a horse Oh am I gonna make it
oh fuck I hate this when you're so close
kind of waste of goddamn thing that get
up the mountain don't worry where's my
bow here Joe kitty 0:01 says hey guys
did you read the channel awesome
complaint letter no I heard about it I
don't have anything to add on it someone
needed to reminded me who channel
awesome was like that's oh that's how
little I pay attention to other people
on the internet I I don't even know the
base I don't care
someone else's drama like always I think
we're just gonna worry about our own
shit yeah oh look there oh it's dad yeah
let's just worry about our own shit I
don't know these people I don't know
what they do almost son Zeus is rich
that quote from my first tip was a 100%
original almost son Zoo quote I was
trying to do a thing you fuck anyway
here's some of the money that's sitting
in my paypal doing nothing good stream
guys you're welcome his link wearing a
skirt or a poncho no he's got a hood
with a cape oh wait did i crawl past my
thing oh yeah I want to go in this thing
he's got a little hood and cape
there we go see got a cool hood and cape
I like the hood in Cape oh but I'm
climbing now so I got change into Mike
my lame-ass climbing helmet look at this
thing lame
it was pretty shitty that they didn't
read the quote no no because people do
some shitty things to us we don't know
what that quote is right suddenly it's a
Hitler quote and then people are
clipping us saying that quote and I go
yeah yeah come on come on guys come on
Chad get with the program
none of us says can you guys explain
this to me you guys tore so hard to the
prequels in George Lucas as a person and
proclaim that those films ruined Star
Wars how do these new movies not ruin
Star Wars
I don't like Star Wars why are you
yelling at me I think you're confusing
us with Mike Mike did these things
called the plinky reviews I don't I
don't particularly actually no I just
don't like the last Jedi and I I thought
the force awakens was okay
but not great and I did I like both of
the force awakened and the last Jedi
what do you want out of me hated even
more I mean like it's hard to table
Attack of the Clones for shit man mm-hmm
but I certainly don't love the new ones
no I like the nude I like the new ones
fine enough I'm the one sitting here
saying I don't even care to watch the
new Han Solo trailer and see the other
thing is I like the new ones and I don't
care to watch the new Han Solo trailer
either yep I'm not hating it enough so
when in that person's mind I love Star
Wars the man who was sitting here saying
I don't give a shit about the new Han
Solo trailer loved Star Wars because I
don't shit on I know whatever the last
one was enough right people really love
absolutes and you know because there was
an absolute hatred wasting all my
fucking candy getting up this mountain I
better be someone good up here there's
not gonna be because there's no like
absolute hatred coming there's no
there's no there's no United Front
coming out of the new ones so they got
to be like why do you love the new ones
where am i and what am i doing that's
that's just the question of life here
am i rich why don't you drink because
I've known people who do go over there
that's a shot of mine it's not I had an
uncle basically over the course of many
years drank himself to death mm-hmm but
he was just a sad sack of shit yeah that
can back in recchia that can wreck your
your perception of drinking of drinkers
and rich yeah why don't you put poison
in your body to alter your state of mind
right how dare you I'm also just not
comfortable something altering my state
of mind - he's not I'm not comfortable
with that idea and that's fine rich you
get to make that call yeah that's that's
the thing that's the thing you get to
make that call I never I never saw what
was a big deal like if someone's
drinking someone's not drinking you know
no I'm not talking about Mike I am
specifically talking about a relative of
mine Uncle Mike it's very convenient
it's very confusing his name wasn't even
mine there's nothing wrong with with not
drinking ain't nothing wrong with not
drinking no no nobody at Arlen was an
alcoholic
that we know long could be you never
know just cuz you hold it just cuz you
hold your liquor well feel like I'm
wasting all my shit there we go
I do worry about that sometimes just
with me which drinking yeah every once
in a while every once in a while it runs
it runs in the family
yeah oh yeah just stop just stop
yeah I mean I do occasionally yeah
that's why and see that's why I like I
never super worry about where it's like
oh you know go we go go monthly I just
won't have anything never stick see you
should have said I can't and then I
would have gone but you know I do I do
find oh oh this is not a legend where I
can stand oh shit I'm gonna fall down
do you have stamina food I eat it all
I'm wasting it all there we go
you know generally when I start drinking
for the night I stopped working and so
yeah I'm gonna drink I'm gonna drank and
that's the plan and drinking is the plan
and that's why I worry about it you know
it's I think that's like the old school
Catholic in me yeah cuz I was raised
Catholic and when you raise Catholic you
are you're taught that the the act of
sinning isn't the sin yeah it's the
thought of sinning the want to sin is
the thin it's not just about sleeping
with your neighbor's wife
it's about coveting your neighbor's wife
right like that's the real sin and so I
think it's that it's that
catholic part of me so you believe in
thoughtcrime huh so what you're telling
me is you believe in what i'm saying is
that's what i was taught and saying that
is a that is a part of me and so you
know even even me just wanting to drink
is is part of the is part of the problem
whether it is a problem or not fan
factor 1986 i dislike the new trilogy
more than the prequels because they're
just miserable what the prequels we knew
things would get better with these
nothing got better new version of the
empire was their best idea for a villain
they're still not as bad movies there's
still not just a headache
to watch I almost walked out of the
theater during attack of close first
viewing I wanted to walk out of the
theater yeah that hasn't happened for
the new movies and remember the new
trilogy isn't made yet if you want to if
you want to like compare the the first
two movies to no judgments individual
movies oh sure but but they said like
the problem with the new trail of Jesus
they're a big downer and like if you're
judging the original trailer by trilogy
by the first two I bet a lot of people
say oh that's a real downer so it's like
you can't what I'm saying is wait wait
till you get all the eggs hatch before
you count him a friend I've been saying
for a while now that the series is
creatively bankrupt mm-hmm and I'll be
with you there
yeah there are more good star or good
Marvel movies and there are good Star
Wars movies Marvel's better franchise I
agree with you on that yeah and I like
the new ones but this is so so you got
to get five good good Star Wars movies
for and in my opinion well four and a
half three but Jedi in force awakens are
both halves that was that was my first
e^x treasure the new treasure princess
this oh shit there's a Lionel over here
I remember this I remember this rich
26
oh no you shoot three though well I
don't want three add one if you edit the
prequels you can probably get one good
movie out of them no because you don't
have it you don't have any likeable
characters editing can't fix that
editing can't fix the fact that you hate
all of the characters in those movies oh
right I know I have low battery nothing
can fix how awful anakin is what are you
what are you gonna do cut out his entire
romantic relationship with padmé padmé
however you pronounce that like for
tragedy and it needs to be a tragedy
you have to like anakin to begin with
like oh no don't anakin and then you
just think I'll just get it over with
man yeah you're watching revenge it's
just get it over with
oh god I hate this prick I've always
hated this prick right Padma's blah
obi-wan is blah waste Minda was a non
character who does nothing there's
there's nothing to edit
I agree I agree rich there's nothing to
edit you could probably get a more
concise story sure oh sure but you're
not gonna have a good movie no no you'll
just have a shorter bad movie there's a
line Oh up here and if I remember
correctly editing can work wonders but
you need the raw materials right like
even like let's let's say you you you
put Anakin and Padme to a minimum and
you just concentrate on the obi-wan
discovering the Clone Army stuff or
whatever right everything is still flat
the effects are still weird you don't
care about obi-wan necessarily and he's
acting very mana even even for you and
McGregor who is a good actor he's acting
like because George Lucas didn't direct
him properly no there is a 100% 100%
agree there isn't there is no bones to
be had thank you
fuck you rich and Jack favorite single
scene for the prequels I don't have one
every every shot of that trilogy is just
pure garbage I hated every moment I
spent watching them and these are the
point that even getting me into the
theater for the third one was it sure I
was dragged kicking and screaming to see
the fucking film by Michael J I did not
want to go with them they had to badger
me for a while they had to work at it
before I would get in the car with them
and go to see a new Star Wars movie that
I did not have to pay for just cuz
you're tired my time is worth more than
Star Wars right settle down everyone I
did it
how did my coche eventually get me to go
they did not stop they did not take it
well they took a hit they just didn't
care they just didn't care for which
riches well being I got a good laugh on
it that no scene is it's it's one of
them the infamous rich Evans
theater-going experiences tried to stop
laughing because I knew I was ruining
for the audience of somehow enjoying it
yeah seemingly I knew I was ruining for
them but I could not stop laughing where
is Padme
are you swimming huh you swim well sure
what did you gently put them back into
place and move over around
oh yeah that's a way to do - oh yeah
yeah that works too
three equals at least had some level of
creativity new films don't even have a
single thing that could be remotely
called creative
I agree but that doesn't mean they're
they're worse prequels are still worse
they're still worse movies the prequels
are still worst movies guys nothing is
going to change that nothing is going to
change the prequels being legitimately
worst movies which would I rather be
watch rogue one or Phantom Menace
fury road fury road is great
I would rather rewatch fury road - I
don't need debris watch Star Wars films
fury road is great
he's mana rewatch fury road like what
about movies you want to rewind these
new Ghostbusters or third prequel film
new Ghostbusters look prequels the three
of the worst films ever made mm-hmm
favorite scene in fury road the whole
movie from beginning to end I just had a
huge fuck of smile on my face that
entire goddamn film mm-hmm
something I enjoyed immensely was a you
know something that's almost a throwaway
in the movie is the imagery of the stick
people yeah as they're going like
through the fog bog area right I mean
obviously the whole movies brilliant but
put just that that imagery of like the
people walking on sticks through the bog
where I'm just like oh there's there's a
whole other world other than cars and
and explosions and I just thought that
was phenomenal
worst films ever made geez you watch
some awful fucking movies for a goddamn
living and a half and scroll down but
you get the point
relative to their budget yes you spent
three hundred million dollars making a
movie I it to be better than that soccer
- not at about the same level the
expectations people that's darker - they
were having some fun you you spend you
spend five hundred dollars at a movie
you expect feeders you spend three
hundred fifty million dollars on a movie
standards go up you can that point you
kind of want a real movie every movie
from the last best of the worst that
hasn't gone up on YouTube yet oh it's
better than the prequels every single
one of them they don't know about that
yeah every single one of them I don't
know every single one of those movies is
better than Attack of the Clones there's
a better constructed film well hold on
not the last one hold on not the last
one not the last one but the first two
are better constructed films then then
Attack of the Clones and the last one I
was more entertained by yes yes yes so
all three are better than the prequels
yes in different in different ways all
three are better than the prequels
okay the prequels might be better
constructed than a certain one one of
them which will go unnamed oh but only
one of them
he's going up tonight no oh no no it's
gonna it's gonna take a little bit it's
gonna take it it's gonna take a bit but
you guys uh there's one production
though you guys are you guys are in for
something you guys are something
something fun oh wow would you do she's
got a ton of tips today rich were you
drunk in the new episode no emotional
pancake wanted to know Matt is this rich
I just watched a video and Mike's
younger hijinks and it seems like you
guys destroyed a ton of shit
oh yeah whose crap did you destroy and
whose houses did you trash how often did
you get into trouble wait you go to the
you know you just go to the thrift store
and you find cheap shit or sometimes we
had access to shit that was being thrown
out like when my grandma passed away we
had a whole house full of crap that was
literally going to be thrown out mm-hmm
so that was all fair game maybe there
isn't a Lionel over here I thought I
remember a big Lionel fight happening
over here maybe I was wrong Nana says
the dlc horse saddle warps your horse to
you when you call it better than the
motorcycle to me but the motorcycle is a
motorcycle I think you could whistle for
your horse it would come from pretty
much whatever one's not from wherever it
has to be it has to be relatively close
yes I'm thinking of Red Dead Redemption
yeah that's I mean you saw it was it was
a pretty far away when I was whistling
for it but you do have to be relatively
close to it and it doesn't work if it's
say throwing itself off of
cliff put that out there on top of these
things I did get that I got the DLC
saddle a bridle though equipping a horse
with this maximizes their ability
increasing the number of Spurs
associated with them and then I think if
you get the whole ancient set that's
when you can teleport your horse from
anywhere that's on Red Dead Redemption
to believe it's out yep
all right wait that is specularly wild
speculation on one cinematic trailer I
can't I can't do that that would be just
just horrible and shameless you know and
I SEC something when you have nothing to
go on
shameless rich that's exactly what it
would be shameless well uh here's all by
all my my valuable insight thanks got
the Meg zo boomerangs nice sari Birds
stealing your eggs like give me some
gameplay footage yeah then you can make
critique on gameplay footage but it
would be gameplay footage right and not
a cinematic trailer
rich can you please predict the plot of
Steph's stranding disgusting
masturbation followed by rounds of
thunderous applause no no the the plot
not the critical reaction that's that's
exactly what I meant that as very
specifically what I was getting at yes
but then you acted like it was your job
Jack I don't know how I feel about I
thought I was I thought I was finishing
your joke
you were you were you were setting up
and I was I you were okay you were the
ethnic man and I was I was finishing I
apologize if you thought I was trying to
steal your joke I'm not mr. stealing
joke that's it that's a memory right
that's a memory I think that's a memory
that's what I was looking for earlier
where's my memories yeah looks about
right
all right we're going there we're going
to the memory and then there might be
some horses down there it's like a nice
open field to I'm not near a horse place
though
crabby uncle Lavvy says thanks for the
years of awesome entertainment FYI slay
the spire had a recent update and the
difficulty has been softened to a more
reasonable level maybe time to give it
another shot I don't know if you've been
around I've beaten on street
yeah and I've also beaten it with both
characters I'm waiting for the for the
new character I think I've unlocked all
of the cards that are able to be
unlocked at the moment and I I still
like it and I still think it's a great
game the master twenty-thousand says did
you say Kojima is unique and how
terrible of a storyteller is no he's not
unique in that way he's he's unique and
how much praise he gets for it mmm yes
that's the mysterious part yeah it's
like if anyone wants to praise him for
any gameplay decisions I'd be right
there
I'd be right there going yeah man that
got that guy and he can make a game he
can make an engaging game experience but
the fact that people praised him so much
for his story
baffling could not leave absolutely shit
out of me it just it just makes all
horses I got horses
I got horses peer people can I can i
zoom in on is that a white horse is that
the white horse No
now that's another green one all right
his gameplay is why he has fans the the
comment on our Metal Gear 5 video would
say otherwise our Metal Gear 5 video
where we consistently praised the
gameplay but said the star was a little
silly we tore apart and the comments
were oh my god the only thing that
mattered to people is the story right is
their way to the point where I have to
think you're bullshitting us here have
an apple have an apple hey have an apple
internet cobalt 8 apples right out of my
hands this horse doesn't like you fuck
this horse already come on a horse
hold on horse there's a rock I gotta go
pick up that rock that thing that horse
ran away to wait I'm gonna explode
hold on horse
back there come here
hey I caught you already come here you
silly horse you're my horse now come on
let's go let's go this way a horse dummy
that's what I'm gonna call you I'm gonna
call you dummy I'll call you horse I
don't care about you good thing going at
the apostles what a one says I feel I do
was going for an alien type of field as
in having the crew and characters dying
almost one by one
well we're its software kind of famously
openly influenced by aliens I think it's
I think it's just on the record that
aliens is one of the inspirations for
doom are we talking about the doom movie
or the doom game or what do you reckon
old Eeyore told him I was inspired by
aliens yes at some point there was talk
I'm making it an alien game Oh
but they decided to do their own thing
with a plot taken from one of their D&D;
sessions nice where John Romero caused
the world to be filled with demons
here's my memory I got to recall
something I keep thinking that I would
really enjoyed the nd yeah we've talked
about that a little bit and I had a bad
experience with a D&D; group years ago
ages ago they did not welcome me and so
kind of soured me in the game a little
bit yeah but I've known I've met some
people recently who who are either who I
either like and are interested in
getting into D&D; or or just already like
Dean Dean it's weird that I didn't yeah
it is weird that you did I think you
would enjoy it as well I probably would
and Mike was really into D&D; when I met
Mike yeah
okay because his own group was already
like a thing of time and I never really
got folded in right I never asked to
sure ah link he just doesn't give a fuck
wait I well princess I'd make a good GM
what's a GM do you mean DM Dungeon
Master I think I would make a good DM
yeah I think I could come up with some
fun stories but I don't I don't even
understand how the game works so I have
to watch some of that doesn't like Dan
Harmon do it like a D&D; like a full
playthrough with celebrities and stuff I
don't know they take it that seriously
but yes yeah I got to watch some of that
just to us I don't even understand how a
game would work you know how do you make
a character I don't know how do I know
it use your imagination jack how does
Jack I already have the champions tunic
if he's still unlocking memories because
you only have to unlock
one memory and then go talk to Impa and
an impetus you the champions tunic Jack
I'm breeding that GM is also
illegitimate
what's a GM Game Master Go game master
sure that's not always dungeon I though
I've only heard dungeon master and I'm
sorry so that's so that just speaks to
how little I know about Dungeons and
Dragons and I'm very sorry for insulting
anyone but topic says