Some Game
January 24, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C_LUYzBToNw

get that garbage out yep hey everybody
how we doing everybody how welcome or
on-time exhausted everything we've been
working today man we're gonna working
that's what we've been doing today
working on what you don't know we ain't
gonna tell you
they hair on time I know it's shocking
that we're on time by the way I I'm more
shocked to bet we almost done that kind
of work it's been pretty short yeah yeah
you it takes one game audio too loud I
will fix it
about that how do you feel about that
how do you feel about the game audion
now how I choose the wrong movie I know
oh hey how's everyone doing today stream
time now right oh god what's what's up
Jack what are you playing I'm playing
iconoclasts which is a game I I know
very little about except for that it has
a wonderful art style and it looks to be
a 2d side-scrolling platformer and I've
heard a small amount of buzz about the
game a small amount of buzz and so it
looked like a nice game that I could
play in the background whilst we chat
about stuff not took a level buzz
subnautica it has subnautica level buzz
subnautica is a game I am thoroughly
uninterested in though because I don't
much care for survival you're presuming
you're presuming it's a survival game
but the trailers didn't tell us much it
looks like a survival game ok it looks
like the kind of game where you got a
little base underwater and you got to
explore and collect some resources to
build a bigger base so you can go out
further to collect different things so
you can build a bigger base so you can
go out and further and explore and
collect more things so you can build a
bigger base so you can go out further so
you can build a bigger base and collect
more things that's exactly the kind of
game it sounds like and that's the kind
of game that I don't much
therefore that's exactly what it's great
great then you know that's that's not my
thing there are very few survival games
that I can stand one of them is the
flame and the or the flame in the flood
yep
that's a survival game I really enjoy
because you're constantly moving it's
never about like like I hate the idea of
building a base I don't want that I
don't want that in the game I don't want
to hunker down you know in a survival
game I want to keep them moving so I
really like the flame in the flood
because they keep you moving so rich
coming around does he still hate anime
umm I'm not playing this is this and I
mean I'm not even sure if this is anime
if that's what you're referring to
someone I said but what if subnautica
keeps you moving that'd be nice I like
the idea keep it moving shoot you guys
shoot and we got jump so far I like the
idea of keeping moving that's that's
what I like and if subnautica does that
then I am wrong about my initial
feelings of subnautica but which I can
take I can take being wrong that what
I'm what I'm stating is my impressions
of the game and so if my impressions
were wrong really that's just bad
advertising you know your impressions
you've seen two trailers yeah and some
stealing one of which showed a little
bit of gameplay and still images yeah
yeah two trailers and a couple still
images and and either either I don't
know what the games about or they mange
the trailer get a bad job right or I
dunno what the games about and I won't
like it
yes that's been asked to be here for
know them you know since I've been
playing the Dead Rising game you have
Miller with state of decay what Sam what
is state of decay that's uh this is not
me open world survival game survival
focus though oh okay more so than just
running around wacky combat you sneak
around you look for supplies you have a
home baby she can bring supplies back to
the face you've got a food your ferrets
tired
oh it's tired you have to switch to
another character oh sure it feels like
there needs to be a little bit more to
it I felt something lacking I played it
I didn't hate it I liked it okay okay I
have played it though like years ago and
it was just what I was like it was only
out I'm like the Xbox 360 oh okay okay
and so like overall what it what are you
feeling middling towards it or middling
to good
middling to good yeah Oh was rich played
dying light hey I saw a little bit of
gameplay of dying light and I I just
wasn't super sold
also yeah heads up to everybody
yeah probably sometime within the next
week maybe two weeks probably within the
next week or so there might be a
surprise rich Evan solo stream oh haha I
know that oh yeah surprised to pretend
like I'm surprised for everyone else you
know I feel like I've gotten enough
practicing
it's Dead Rising 2 so you know didn't
take that much yeah fun game fun game
but nowhere near as challenging you're
feeling ok you're feeling confident I'm
feeling confident so I so this is this
is the no death rum yeah or are you
going for a hundred percent wrong well
I'll try ever I never spend but if I
fuck up I'll just go for it my back okay
so like objective I guess somebody if
somebody dies which Dead Rising 2
survivors not gonna die in during an
escort they nerfed it's so fucking much
but I keep going sure okay but objective
a is no dying yeah objective B is try so
but what dying I don't also like it the
main story yeah hit all you finishes the
main story not failed the main story
okay so that's that's that's that's kind
of the first goal even if that save
everybody then after that save everybody
and do all their little the fugue like
character requests little save them the
journey they in game day later they come
to you I need this gosh and then you do
that tell me this yeah tell me this cuz
I got a I got a I got an important
question for your know death run yeah
what happens if you die that's over
terms over the streams over no matter no
matter what or when you die well if if I
die really comically released somehow
that's when you're most likely to die
when you when you're at as well level
yeah if I'm really early I'll probably
just restore okay but if it's if it's
late but then you then you have to
restart as well yeah
if I die early I'll start again just
because I want to mm-hmm sure I'm gonna
streaming for 20 minutes the tiger that
gets a lucky shot in on me oh there's
there's three survivors I'm worried
about because it's it's really luck
there's there's three survivors in Dead
Rising 2 okay uh they don't they don't
join you and come to the safe house
unless you beat them in a poker match
odd to play poker with them that's great
there's there's things you can do to
manipulate gambling books that give you
better cards in general okay but I can
still like go all in and just get
unlucky yeah and lose that oh man so
that's that's that's a possibility
we can help you with poker yeah you
don't need to
I like the poker I didn't I didn't start
playing Dead Rising 3 oh my god yeah
that my god good there's literally
giving me a headache
that bad like like just just stupid
things they did like camera positioning
ok like there are times when your
character the way they have the camera
position takes up like thirty percent of
the screen and I can't see what's in
front of the fucking character because I
can't see through it
Oh have no idea what's in front of em
seeing some jackass is back and they
thought it would be really dramatic if
like oh Sh a key handheld cam all the
fucking time and it makes me want to
throw up I looked around I looked for a
mod to try and get rid of it I don't
think it got rid of it completely it's
still a little bit shaky Steadicam mod
Oh stupid fucking decisions they made
when they made that game the icons that
appear over the objects that you can
interact with or the effect is too
subtle it's like sometimes it's just
hard to see what you can use
and the map
Oh God the map is just a confusing
clusterfuck of shit
Shetty Shetty keeps crashing on the
laptop its Gemma driving nuts
well I'm sorry there might be like for
each at ease opens which doesn't help Oh
our cameras frozen sure is we still got
an audio ah looks like it okay is the no
this game still moving yeah
that works
give it a second and it's working great
the old turn it off turn it back on
again you're welcome you're welcome
everyone this one whack you lap that
listen it's not the best laptop it is
not the best laptop okay so in this land
mechanics you can't be a mechanic you
can't be a mechanic no because your
character is a woman be good know all
mechanics are against the government the
government has to fix your problems okay
that's what it is and your father was a
mechanic and started fixing people's
stuff without government consent
government bad government bad
oh and it sounds like the government
assigns you assigns everyone a job so
it's it's like that kind of yeah
what do you call that kind of government
that controls all aspects of its
citizens fascist is the word you're
looking for
no it's or Willian uh maybe Orwellian
yeah that's could be good authoritarian
or Jarrett and the a fuckin the H has it
authoritarian maybe it's just a leo
earlier you know it's one of those
aliens tipped a latarian it's Italian
air today totalitarian right all right
daddy it's cool crash to go great I'm
just gonna twitch
so yeah it looks like the the government
is accusing you of fixing things even
though oh by the way it Dead Rising 3
the game does have a timer dead rise oh
that's right you were talking about Dead
Rising 3 I just I just here's the time
we're in bed right here's the the
stupidity of Dead Rising 3 alright ok I
I was playing for like 4 hours last
night mm-hmm and I realized like you
know there's a 7-day timer in the game
day one's not even over I'm already
halfway through the fucking story oh my
god so what are you halfway through the
story just four hours in oh my god
that's what's fucking around right right
a lot of fucking around without even
paying attention to the time right
this should have pattered the game with
more side missions now they patted the
game Dead Rising 3 he's got just
collectable bullshit all over the place
the worst the fucking worst sandbox
trope of all time they got rid of Oded
risings horrible escort missions and
they replaced it with find the crap Oh
collect all the stats use collect all
the blueprint
it's nauseous it's just nauseous that's
not content that's busy work I'm sorry
yeah I'm sorry RIS all right
is it working for you think so let's
give you this giant open world and it'll
be basically just fucking empty shit
Dead Rising 3 a lot of open world games
largest Dead Rising through a lot of
open world games you know I suppose
there's there's a reason why there's
like the good ones right the good
open-world games give you something to
do you collect all the Riddler trophies
and the Arkham games I know I did the
first one I don't remember if I bothered
in city or not or if I just looked up
online on YouTube what happens if you do
it because it's the worst thing collect
the 400 things
oh those Riddler trophies yeah they were
too much and let me say I don't know
what your point is exactly person in
chat but if your point is well did you
do it in Arkham City to see the Riddler
thing that wouldn't make it a good
gameplay mechanic that would mean I did
it because I wanted to see what the
Riddler think what happened with the
Riddler right that wouldn't necessarily
mean it was a good idea to do it the
first place
oh if even even if you even if your
reward is worth it like yeah you know
sure it was a slog but the reward of
seeing the Riddler thing was worth it
it's still a slog that that kind of shit
is all padding mm-hmm yeah you could
just have an interesting Riddler story
section without having hiding it behind
400 Riddler trophies right
or the arkham knight true ending
bullshit I don't even remember what what
what the hell involved honestly what you
had to do to get the true ending in
Arkham Knight yeah I don't know well
Wayne Manor blows up the spoilers
whatever
ah what the fuck
stop it take that here oh yeah well I
think actually didn't you have to
complete all the missions so that
includes regular missions I don't I
don't really just I just don't remember
I just don't remember I think so I think
you didn't get the true ending unless
you completed all the Riddler stuff
still haven't played Arkham Knight
having love for the others you're not
you're not missing that much it's fine
it's storytelling all the Arkham games
are but the Batmobile is the worst thing
and they dumb down other aspects of the
game they love that Batmobile red shoe
besides Batman and Superman is your
favorite superhero well it's neither of
them or my favorite anyway their
favorite is spider-man
so they're yeah second
favorite obscure superhero well Savage
Dragon though apparently Erik Larson's
gotten here in recent years I don't know
I haven't I haven't been in a comic book
store in a while I just hear things
there was a there was a series of comic
books put out by Marvel Marvel tried to
create another comic book universe yeah
not the Marvel Universe the new the
eighties new universe with a slew of
brand new heroes all gritty and
realistic all you know dirty dirty
heroes dirty mutants right and growing
up I had one issue of a comic called
justice and as far as I was concerned it
was the greatest fucking comic book ever
it was just like this this it was this
like almost a Wolverine type guy right
yeah just like an old bitter man and he
had he had two powers with with one of
his hands he could create invisible
impenetrable shields and his other hand
was his sword and he could you know is
like a laser villain or whatever right
shield Sora and he was tasked with
bringing in anyone who had powers he was
like the cop of everyone with powers but
he was like also a transient and so you
just like hitchhike from city to city I
was like ah that's cool yeah I was a
teenager I don't know I still think it's
cool and he just he goes up against
someone who is using their powers to
start a new religion and forcing his
followers to do bad things he just takes
him out it's awesome great comic book
and I only had this one issue of justice
right and I couldn't find any more
issues this is you know before the
internet was a thing like you couldn't
buy comics online and yeah my local
comic book stores didn't have my my mom
got it for me at a secondhand store in
Reno it was a secondhand and it was
there
you know what to look for no no she just
got me a stack of like comics for a buck
I'm sure it was like eighty comics for a
buck wasn't there and that was in there
and like that a bunch of the new
universe stuff is cuz it didn't sell oh
yeah it was all garbage right and so you
know I read that and I loved it I kept
looking for more issues and I never got
fine I was like oh man what this is such
a cool character I loved the idea of
like the police of the powered people
but he's also like just a schlub
detective like I gotta go
you know wrangling The Rocketeer tonight
and I finally as an adult purchased the
entire run of like 50 comics yeah for
way cheap I was like okay this must suck
and the intent like the entire thing
actually started off on a different
planet he was a different person he was
like a prince he didn't have his power
set and then he fell to earth forgotten
who he was but then they kind of forgot
that he was a prince and like basically
the comic it's like a wildly different
description wildly different directions
and then like even the issues directly
before and after this one awesome one
are terrible and they go back to him
being a prince and aliens come so
basically like just this sliver this one
sliver of a comic book
amongst a sea of garbage I still have
very fond memories reboot reboot it is
time Marvel and your reboot and
everything else
give me my justice
on the shad mentioned the original Ninja
Turtle comic books and amongst my
favorite comic books ever the the Kevin
Love you had Peter Kairos get their
names of course Kevin Eastman Peter if
Peter Laird and Kevin Eastman original
digital comic books uh-huh amongst my
favorite comic books ever yeah and you
know I don't know if I ever read the
original run no no it's just Ninja
Turtles I've read did you like the Ninja
Turtle live-action movies all right the
first one first one was a lot like the
comics actually second one not so much
haha youyou mean it went downhill when
they brought in vanilla ice yeah and and
started hitting people with yo-yos and
salami same thing it's the same thing I
don't know what you're talking about the
original one they went from decapitating
the shredder in the comic books to
hitting people with salami in the movies
oh I don't understand the problem I
don't understand what your problem is
everyone likes salami
yeah that first one is actually like
shocking a shockingly dark movie those
like phenomics
less violent that's the major difference
that being said the first one isn't
perfect the first one could use I could
use I could use some could use some work
Sean says Sean said Nautica is super fun
if possibly not for you the constant
threat of drowning if you stop to smell
the water roses keeps things going for
water roses Josey they don't are Jonesy
they don't says good evening rich and
Jack I have either of you heard of a
switch / PC game steamworld dig - it is
a Metroidvania spelunky time that take
that has taken up a lot of my time I
think you would both enjoy didn't you
play steamworld dig I played steam world
heist okay is that related to dig or is
just a similar name I believe it's
created by the same people same universe
different very different game very
different genres steamworld dig I
remember we played um terraria yeah
where I think steamworld dig is like
that where you have to like dig and find
resources to upgrade your stuff and
create you know a space so you can make
better weapons so you can dig more so
you can get more resources so you can
dig more so you can make more things so
you can dig more Luke 10 I'm sure it's a
fine game but I've got to play my I got
to spend my free time right now playing
the shitty dead wise on three you have
to that's have to that's the thing how
FAR's Inamori I'm already half done with
it the fragment is well finished now
asacs suck the people who made three and
four just hated the series oh it is just
pop it doubles on me this is dumb fun
just don't fuck you for Robbie no the
original games were a lot more than that
I know stupid people thought otherwise
why don't I get all this other stuff I
just want to run around hit zombie
you're on the game for me you jerks you
ruined the series jerks
how much TMNT 1 an indie movie cuz I
think he's been alleged ill had the
rights I think than they have it made no
that might have been a major really I
mean it was a major release was who look
it up the first one specifically of
course of course
one moment please
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
1990 Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles let's
see rich tells Jack looking up even
though he has lab you know what you're
absolutely right and I feel bad I wasn't
even thinking you do and you're the one
playing the game you would I I wasn't
even thinking that's great apparently
according to trivia Rodham Robin
Williams who was a big fan of the
franchise provided Judith Hoag with
information regarding her character
through his comic book collection the
two were co-starring in Cadillac man
come on it's not giving me information
easily to find okay okay don't worry
about it okay I don't you know what I
don't care enough they actually look it
up myself I just don't care enough
I don't know I mean I don't know if
indie movies the right is a is the right
was that I'm trying to say a new oves
new line and Golden Harvest new - you
know indie ish Haggard blaggard says the
xenomorph lacks vision you feeble-minded
bipolar weighted dunces callback fancy
callback and I'm says oMG no nominations
for Wonder Woman but trash like the last
Jedi gets for sexist hashtag shut down
the Oscars that sounds like a fine
conversation that I'm not going to have
magical Trevor 37 says you know what I
did there's a small thing I would like
to yeah yeah you know I liked Wonder
Woman
yeah a lot I don't know if anything was
necessarily oscar-worthy seems true for
the last Jedi not even special-effects
was Oh gorgeous
music you know what you know what I
think I don't know if it's nominated for
I think it should get in cinematography
it got nominated for score I heard it's
what if John Williams worst what you
know I'll fuckin oldest eat right but
did it get nominated for cinematography
I heard I heard like effects something
or other and scores all I know effects
and score
nope baby driver is gonna win for best
editing and called it ages ago effects
and sound mixing Oh sound mixing
yeah they had good like sound design and
mix it yeah yeah that's fine
so like it wasn't nominated for like
Best Picture technical Awards Star Wars
gets technical words that's what it gets
guardians to got nominated for effects
it deserves it over the last Jedi just
the visuals in that and whatever
whatever alright now we can move on it's
a follow up to Star Trek beyond dead
yeah cuz beyond made no money the JJ vs.
dead yeah unfortunately unfortunately
which is a shame because beyond is a
great movie
beyond is a great Star Trek movie did go
I would stop short of saying like one of
the greatest the greatest it's great
it's ever that's good oh yes not one of
the greatest ever but it's no it's great
that's a fun movie that's it that's the
movie I could just turn on and watch at
any time there might be four other Star
Trek movies I'd put above it oh okay
Wrath of Khan yeah
undiscovered country yeah I'm a fan of
the motion picture I know a lot of other
people aren't if as long as as long as
I'm here's here's depend depending on
where I put the motion picture is do you
allow me to fast-forward Kirk getting to
the enterprise that 45 minutes segment
the 45 minutes it takes Kirk to fly in
the shuttle to the enterprise it's
nothing but glory shots yeah can i
fast-forward that because if i can it's
a movie i enjoy much more then and then
maybe the voyage home you know it's kind
of a gimmick but is a fun gimmick
Fionn and then beyond and maybe JJ
dragon I'd put beyond even like above JJ
track definitely both in the dark oh and
ER because near the bottom yeah
should I keep going and then maybe maybe
after Beyond and onine then maybe
insurrection it's been a while since I
saw Star Trek 3 so I'll just throw that
in there there just don't really
remember
just cuz why not what are you missing at
that point question is this 5 go below
the rest of the next general Rhys if I
was pretty bad I don't know I don't know
like if I could put just in good
conscience put anything below the next
gen movies first contact I hate first
contact I despise it it's it's it let's
take Star Trek and let's take these
characters and just make a dumb action
story let's ruin the card let's ruin the
Borg
there's there's nothing I like about
first contact I put nemesis above first
contact five is hazy enough in my memory
I'm not sure where to put it
Star Trek 5 if it belongs on the bottom
or not but I can tell you the next gen
movies insurrection way above the rest
okay then nemesis I'm not even I'm not
even sure if I put first contact above
generations yeah and like at that point
it's it's it's just a big old why bother
yeah yeah above it let's why bother
doing like ranking these in any you're
waiting through the shit at that point
right and so then you're just like well
what shit smells slightly less bad you
know it's not a game for me
what'd he do him game magic Trevor 37
says J&R; no Jack and rich a girl I went
on a fun date with over the weekend
decided to cut ties to me today over a
dumb misunderstanding glad you're here
to help cushion the blow
thanks for the stream represent Oh per
spent per spent I don't know what that
means at a glance I thought it was
represent but it looks like her spend
less let's just take represent I'll take
represent you know I'm sorry someone had
a misunderstanding obviously it was a
big enough deal though Brian crew says
hey Richie Jack have you ever watched
Gene Roddenberry's Andromeda it's corny
as hell but still better than Star Trek
discovery free on Amazon Prime
yeah I've never seen it neither neither
have I
nor have I care to to be honest with you
quite ready to let me leave that area I
need to do did I get one is rich going
to play dr2 sometime in the next week or
two I am I am way too fucking wiped out
to do it today yeah you know we are
there were there were some there were
some stuff going down today there's Jack
did you see last night's black Lightman
I did I did see last night's black
lightning and I enjoyed it I it's a so
far so good I'm actually the thing I'm
just running out of patience with the
most is his lightning powers yeah which
kind of seemed to be vague and undefined
what they can do and he's pulling the
same trick a lot so I want you know a
little bit more explanation that but no
I I dig the I dig the premise he's kind
of getting back into crime-fighting
after being out of it for so long
he's motivation to get back into it okay
so he was a crime fighter yes back in
the day yes and you know just beating up
bad dudes but then he got married yes
and he had a really bad run-in with like
the main bad dude and you know ended up
all shot full of holes and his was like
he can't keep doing this you either got
to give up a life of crime or I'm out of
here
it's a life of crime fighting it's kind
of like spider-girl I'm just got a Peter
Parker in spider-girl
yeah yeah lost his leg we stopped
superheroing well you lose away well mr.
fantastic it's got a kid on the way
we're gonna hang up the tights but but
also could you still build me a robot
leg like I'll hang up the tights but yes
I would love a robotic leg then then you
gotta explain to people where you got a
robotic leg
well maybe make it look like a
prosthetic leg you're mr. fantastic you
can do that make it look like an
ordinary prosthetic leg but it works
great so in any case so he gives it up
and starts a family and then we get into
that interesting conversation of he
becomes a principal at a local high
school and and he wants to help people
from within the system
I'm gonna give him a great education I'm
gonna become a pillar of the community
and I'm gonna do more as me then as
black lightning you know to help the
community but it doesn't really work to
minute you know why too many compromises
too many laws in the way the cops are
helpless and so it's not really working
right and then he's finally pushed over
the edge when the gang the 100 as
they're called in Black Lightning yeah
they steal the kidnap his daughters done
Ton Ton and so he's got to Don the suit
again to get his girls back why are they
kidnapping his daughters there's a whole
thing one of us is it retired and not an
issue oh yeah no it's not because it's
black lightning starters that it's
completely UNRWA's like at a club and
hooking up with some guy and as it turns
out the guy was in the 100 but the guy
owed another guy in the gang some money
this is like let's just take your girl
and we'll start her hooking she'll give
us oh my god she's like well I just met
him and they're like you're gonna hook
now Biddy yeah see Debbie show so yeah
this whole this whole thing having
nothing to do with him being black
lightning his girls get involved so he's
got it down the suit just once to save
his girls but then
it's just like well hot why did Black
Lightning just save these two and he's
not safe whenever anyone else and he's
like what are you as principle man what
are you talking about we've done a
really great job of cleaning up this
community blind man they're everywhere
the gangs everywhere so he's getting
back into it and it's a lot of fun you
know it's so the message of the show is
you can't do any good as a principal to
improve people's lives you need to run
around punching people
I point this out what cuz what they're
actually saying I I think I think the
metaphor is more like sometimes you have
to you know you can't just say things
are gonna get better you need to do
something to make things better I get
that they want people to be activists
they want they want this this sounds
like a show funded by policemen who have
been accused of shooting unarmed black
men hold on for a second oh no I'm so
yeah it's I guess that's a little
muddled but no it's fine it's all fine
fuck you
I have the map yeah can I have a map nah
I'm just gonna sleep in your bed don't
worry
Haggard blaggard says hey guys do you
think there is a case to be made that
the card had the easiest captaincy
stable relations and competent first
leads to a pretty cushy position who had
it worse Cisco Archer you know I'm
throwing Janeway on that list Oh someone
trapped in the fucking Delta Quadrant
with a group of rebels as half of her
crew unless a if the card looked like he
had it the easiest maybe that's because
he was the best captain he fucking made
it you know those you know those you
know those competent crew members that
Picard had what do you think selected
them to beyond the crew and who do you
who do you think who do you think they
learned from the fucking captain some
sometimes as a leader it's your job to
be calm under pressure you know to be
the guiding light yeah the shit was hard
though he just kept his shit together
thanks Picard for keeping your shit
together
so did mcard and she was Berkeley
there's a line about that where they
said the other the other captain the
other ship had it he was highly
recommended because they were just
trying to get rid of Berkeley so yes yes
he did and you know what card made that
situation work okay Picard took Berkeley
and made him into a fine crew member
card is the best Captain Picard is the
best captain is the more on the story
the guy that the other ship couldn't
handle I wanted to get rid of car turned
that situation around
mmm-hmm give him something yes broccoli
acetic oh stop calling him talk
Cisco punches queue and the goddamn face
ten of ten yeah arguably really stupid
though because what does Q care if he
gets punched in the face he was he was
glad he was able to provoke Cisco into
it
q1 that situation he was amused at how
easy it was right right
and what did what did Picard ever do
with Q oh I don't know save humanity if
you remember oh just go punch him in the
face
get it together people I remember one
Picard one not such a shadow this Borg's
with a tommy gun yeah I remember that
this is why this is why the next-gen
movies don't count
isn't Q's response something like you
punched me card never punched me and
then Cisco says I'm not the card you got
a remember cues follow up line is yeah
Picard I couldn't have a goat into
Picard that easily is the follow up line
I believe yeah and did he like what did
he gain by punching Q what did he win
the day did he drive Q off no I'm sure
it was some other shit what I have to do
where do I have to go
these are the important questions rich
which what is your favorite cue episode
you becoming human
probably Q becoming human yeah remember
when the Q continuum sentence sentence
him to be mortal yes wasn't there an
older Q and T and G that decided to
become moral to commit suicide
I think that was voyager waves are got
weird though you wanna Kevin want to
marry Janeway they had a kid together or
they didn't there's another thing that
Voyager ruined
we do we browse places like reddit or
fortune to see how your content is
received not not really like I moderate
the comments on the video but you go to
reddit or fortune to see what they're
saying a fortune no you yeah
I'm check reddit once in a blue moon
like I go to reddit I'm on reddit but I
never like skulk around the red letter
media subreddit yeah because that would
be weird
but like I'm um reddit in general it's
always weird when they cross over like
if a half in the bag episode crosses
over to a like a different subreddit
that I'm subscribed to like just in the
movies generally that's always nice well
I will look at the comments under the
YouTube videos and I'm usually horribly
left out
Oh always always yeah it's it's the
worst that one just someone who doesn't
get it
or is being like you know if someone's
being like obviously antagonistic oh my
god it's not fun you're just a dickhead
but there are some people who just
obviously don't get it like what I was
talking and I and I commented on their
comment someone left to comment on one
of our streams correcting me about how I
said Steven Moffat ruined Doctor Who
yeah I really think Steven Moffat when
when he took over and a showrunner for
Doctor Who fucking ruined it I thought a
lot of people felt that way I think a
lot of people do feel that way but then
you know the commenter tries to be
clever just go we'll actually it's so is
so funny that you say Steven Moffat
ruined Doctor Who but then also
mentioned blink as the one of the best
episodes in that snip so people should
check out to check out Doctor Who
written by Steven Moffat it's like well
yeah one you gonna have one good episode
and two he wasn't the showrunner when he
wrote blink he was just a writer he's a
fine writer don't give him the fucking
job of that that whole like will
actually fuck those guys fuck all those
guys that's what I got to say about that
I'm utterly lost and hopeless I have no
idea what I'm doing or where I'm going
or what I should do next oh these people
keep taxes Prime's as rich did you get
these at t-shirt in the mail hope to
Excel works for you also what are some
of the weirder things you guys have
gotten the mail I did get the shirt we
have it now thank you uh where's thing I
don't know I got a box full of like
little rubber hands that you're supposed
to put in your fingertips but they're
full hands yeah yeah I've got a Rosie
O'Donnell Christmas ornaments send us
whatever
I'm still waiting for a box it's just
full of $100 bills that would be awful
oh yeah worst thing they do oh man we
all we would just who says that from DB
Cooper all right take that to her feet
I want DB Cooper's money I wanted AJ
pencil says hey Jack don't know why they
cut out the audio of and whores from
your hilarious the movie is about family
and whores line on the latest best of
the worst
here's some cash to make up that editing
gaffe what is this I have no idea what
you're talking about
okay I I was fairly toasty during that
best of the worst so I don't really
remember a lot of the discussion and I I
don't know what you're talking about
obviously when we were talking about one
of the movies princess warrior maybe
okay
I don't know I don't know I did get to
drop the ball by the way something you
know now that the episodes that we can't
talk I got to drop the ball I don't I'm
thinking yeah you know but now they know
and here's what I need to tell everyone
from the top of the plane get aboard it
looks really cool I mean and I guess I
could have just gone up there and looked
at the top but I never had an excuse to
go over there cuz I've never dropped the
ball before it has this like the neatest
parallax effect going up there and just
seeing all the pegs at the different
distances it's pretty darn me I'll tell
you that
it was pretty darn me and I was pretty
happy okay so now the family is getting
into a fight I did like the payoff to
that by the way what you getting to drop
the ball and then they just yell at me
yeah that was a fine joke
that was a fine joke though you know
it's a peel back the curtain a little
bit I did have a conversation with Jay
and Mike beforehand yeah you know
throughout the bond I said I don't think
we should we have we have a running bit
here and I think like that should be the
gag you know like now let's you know we
don't want to turn it into a thing
that's like come on come on let's just
let's just let that be the gag that I
don't drop the ball like nah never mind
eridan still get to drop the ball so I
don't care oh shit I just got busted for
fixing a thing it's a it's also a
religious government okay and it's
against the religion of him to fix
things or to disobey Him or whatever so
a mechanist to reference Oh machinery is
sacred
steam steam pump machinery oh sure
splinter sect of the the oh god the the
front of hammers
the mechanist is more so technology
that's their spin on I like it
I know things happening I don't know
what's happening I think we're gonna be
a new lady now you're a new lady I think
so does the old lady got arrested the
old lady got arrested but that's the
wrench right there oh no the old lady
the old lady is sitting on the table no
no maybe I won't be the new lady where
I'm sleeping on the bed over there okay
daring escape
mata dialogue I'm losing it yeah
I'm losing it platform get platformer
games with stories and cutscenes what
the fuck is the world coming to know a
little bit of story at the beginning is
fine but yeah this you have some during
ninja gaiden pulled it off but if it's
excessive I think you can blame Naughty
Dog for this shit
no this this to me looks like like
someone who who like I just want I
wanted a deeper experience with Super
Mario Brothers 3 is that I think there's
a lot of indie developers out there like
we have the best of both worlds a deep
story driven experience and a goofy guy
jumping on dinosaurs this this game
there's a lot of dialogue just fucking
play something else if you're gonna
bitch about it
oh we can play this sumbitch about it
hahaha we do should we what we like
all right I get it I think
which Star Trek series would you say the
or Veloz most think TNG like a mile yep
it's TNG a with a dash of the original
series and jokes and jokes out of place
jokes wait I have someone else my party
now how do I switch who I am no Fargo no
oh my God look at her creepy doll I on
top right right
but hey you're talking about okay that
is not a human being it's a twist kind
of a she's a robot
I had Seth MacFarlane
well I still hate the Orval yes I think
you might get over it I ate something
fried in Haiti Orval to be fair I've
only made it three four episodes in and
then I gave up because I hate Seth
MacFarlane try some of the later ones
yeah yeah the first episode was kind of
bad second one was only slightly better
and then I think they started improving
after that okay yes he's actually
downright likable in the krill episode
just to go undercover as an alien
are you an only moving there laughing
yeah it's annoying it's a thing it's a
thing fine it's fine it's fine is one of
this everything's fine
yeah fully ex that's what all the the
jokes were I'd like to have sex with
that lady if you know what I mean people
have the dumbest reasons for not liking
Seth other than I mean I often here I
just don't like his face or he act
smarter than he is which is dumb I think
the problem is he he comes off as being
smug you say smug good yeah it's not
like I just don't like his face he you
look at him he almost has like what do
they call that resting bitchface where
he looks like he has an attitude and
then he starts talking and he comes
across as if he's better than everyone
yes
so it's it's not just a like I don't
like his face but but it's also just
kind of I don't like his face he does
act smarter than he is though well look
he had the good sense to not host cosmos
right if he just appreciates smart
people I can't fault him for that
new cosmos was still a spun piece of
shit
how how how is the new cosmos smug the
cosmos is great
just keep it talking about space and
shit
like smug JIT doesn't just mean that
someone's like someone is smarter than
you like smoke is smoke is someone
looking down on you for not being as
smart as than Neil deGrasse Tyson is
actually smarter than Jim right and he's
you know teaching you the other s Tyson
is taking you on a little knowledge
journey my friend he's a man who loves
knowledge and has knowledge yeah that's
just called being smart right he's not
being a book but he's not being a prick
about it
he's like I'm smarter than you so i'ma
teach you it says some pretty dumb stuff
shit on Twitter though you mean he says
shit that offends you and he doesn't
care if it offends you know he's kind of
a dick sometimes I'll be well he's not a
dick he has a persona the the Neil
deGrasse Tyson he's got one of them
persona I love oh I agree so high up
read Neil Tyson's tweet about the solar
eclipse he's an asshole
What did he say about the solar eclipse
now I gotta look this up he says
something you know he says some he says
some things on the Twitter that aren't
necessarily that are dumb he says stuff
he says stuff let's dump on the Twitter
a lunar eclipse flat-earthers have never
seen this that's fine that's just funny
that's really just funny flat earthers
are stupid
they're allowed to ridicule stupid
that's true are you talking about the
image he posted with the shadow that's
just a line across the moon that's great
Oh total total solar eclipses occur
somewhere on earth every two years or so
just calm yourself when people tell you
they're rare that's the quote they were
talking about how some make him an
asshole what way does that make him an
asshole everyone's all excited I think I
think he's just pointing out something
you might not realize oh well but no cuz
he was - don't get sued so so I think
you could take that in an asshole way
people were getting very excited about a
solar curt eclipse crossing the United
States and he came out of shape when you
say you don't like Star Wars and you
were well he was so what he was doing
was deflating a lot of excitement a lot
of people were excited he was like you
know what he was doing rich well
actually he was giving a well actually I
can be with you there he was giving a
well actually and we had just talked
about how well actually is a kind of
lame
so but you know what I still enjoy his
program and I still enjoy him as a
personality so I'm not gonna take I'm
not gonna take away like one slightly
rude comment from the rest of the things
that I like about him he's a professor
his job is literally well actually
there's a time and a place for well
actually rich if I was in his class and
he gave me a well actually that's fine
where's the head of the planetarium I
don't know if he ever teach probably
taught at some point right
if he does nowhere at all I know
primarily he's like the head of baby
which planets uh or the Colin the New
York's planetarium hmm mm mm-hmm
it was an unsolicited well actually
that's right
Hayden that's right
he well actually the shit out of Pluto
what I mean he kind of spearheaded that
Pluto's not a planet I'm fine with that
yeah I'm absolutely fine with that you
know you know I'm down with Pluto not
being a planet no more reclassification
is all the rage in science no I'm trying
to think of something else
that he did on Twitter it was it was
another Twitter thing oh yeah he said he
said some like in an incredibly like it
was some incredibly dumb well actually
about leap years or something and it was
but again none of that really matters
because he's a smart dude and I enjoy
his programs I enjoyed him when he was
doing his PBS Nova stuff I enjoyed him
when he was doing his other stuff I
really like shit where did this
conversation get started what's the show
he does Seth MacFarlane cosmos I enjoy
his cosmos he's a good dude he just says
some rude things but but then by the way
you know what you do rich
here's here's a here's a quick tip for
anyone who doesn't like let's say you
like Neil deGrasse Tyson but you don't
like what he says on Twitter you know
what you do you don't follow him on
Twitter and then you just don't have to
hear it it's great it's the greatest
okay new place time to move on
hey time to bun so you know something we
were talking about earlier rich yeah we
were talking about people who cheat at
pub G yeah and I came across some ways
that people cheat at pub G and it really
bothered me okay
because trying to figure out how how do
I get these cheats how do I get them I
just want to win one fucking chicken
dinner oh it came so close they by the
way they recently changed some of the
rules in pub G I got the fourth I got to
fourth place rich and it was just me or
it was me and three other people yeah
and I was fuckin on and I had killed
three people I had great positioning I
had great equipment yeah and only three
people left and I was so on it I was
ready I felt the win and in the blue the
blue circles getting smaller and smaller
and you know what I see a lot when I see
highlight videos I see people actually
waiting outside the blue circle taking a
little bit of damage in hopes of
catching someone as they run in yeah I'm
gonna do that took a couple chugs of
energy drink and some pills so I'd
regenerate health and then I waited
outside the blue liner all right fine
fine
and then all of a sudden I die outside
the blue ring yeah not the gunshots the
blue ring killed me yeah but I was on
the out there for like three seconds
it gets pretty stronger the end I never
knew that and apparently it's gotten
stronger towards the end it killed me so
fucking fast and so it was just one of
those times where I was like it was
there rich the chicken dinner would you
rather be playing pub G right now no no
I would okay you know why because there
be cheaters out there and what I was
watching I think I actually uninstalled
it though so Oh
what I was watching was a common sheet
right now which is which is called pub G
ESP yeah and what the idea is it's it's
a separate program that you run like on
your iPad or a laptop or something that
gives you the exact position of everyone
I want to I want to point something out
Jack what you're now letting everybody
know about this that's wrong yes yes
you're letting them know that it exists
and that it's wrong you think the people
who are going to cheat care about that I
think the people who are gonna cheat I
already know about this and are already
onto the next chief that works even
better what do you tell me about this my
thought was and you haven't explained
what it is yeah well my thought was oh
that's clever that'd be probably really
easy to get away with that was my
thought but explain what this is this
was called it's called punk G ESP and
what it is is it's a separate program
that runs on your iPad or your laptop
and it gives the exact location of
everyone in your server playing yep and
so what you do is as you're going you
know you check your little mini-map and
all the you can see anyone within you
know anywhere around you so you can
check if a house is empty and you know
if you have time to loot without
worrying about it you can see a guy like
hiding around a corner over there so you
can flank him without knowing it just
gives you everyone's position and it's
that has to be incredibly frustrating
that has to be incredibly frustrating
and I've had some of those moments where
where I've been playing the game where
I've been playing the game and it seems
as if someone has just spotted me and
how could they ever how could they have
known where I was right
that was my thing is like how do you
know where I am I was hiding
so it's possible you know they could
have been using the cheap maybe I don't
know I don't know but it's it's actually
made me double you know it's made me
think about whether or not I want to
play pub gee if there are cheats out
there that are so easy to do see what I
find interesting about that one you're
talking about is yeah that's something
you would have running in an iPad right
like how could they tie that to you
right it's like it's free oh I'm sure
it's a worry free cheap but there has to
be a way for them to tell you know who's
running it you would think at least
someone someone on a tablet how do they
how do they tie that to the person on
the steam on a different machine playing
pub G right that's the question that's
the question
that's the question so I was watching a
video and you know there are some people
who are you know accusing streamers of
using the ESP to to just you know farm
rank at this point bullshit it's a
bullshit rich the people who use this
shit
failing such as life y'all filled on the
end
yay it's true killer pine nine nine
seven says rich beautiful star wars fan
rant last stream Jack I too love
Blankman I can't believe someone else
remembered it did you have it on the
farm we did we did have it on the farm
and yeah it was a
I loved Blankman all down all down with
the Blankman one of the few one of the
few movies we had on the farm I don't
know why we had it
but we had it this is game any good yeah
so far it's alright it ain't it ain't
worse they're doing a very good job of
varying up the levels and what powers
you need to do so it's like you never
get it's never just a platformer it's
also a kind of figure out what's going
on in the world maybe it's just the
stage but I do think this looks at least
a little bit on my job you think it
looks a little bit ugly that's fine I'm
not here to tell ya it's the prettiest
thing it's not my place
can Jack recommend a better version of
this game then I've been looking for new
games like this no I think this is all
right like this is this is a good
version of this game this is probably
what you're looking for this is uh this
is pretty good obviously like I just
haven't been playing for that long so
you know I don't know the full depth of
it but I I mean I'm willing to say that
this is a good game I think
you know I'm not crazy invested in the
story just because we're streaming in
and we've been not paying attention to
it but that's fine do you guys have any
good supernatural stories oh I think I
think I could speak to you when I say I
don't believe that either of us believes
in the supernatural in any fashion so no
you have any good stories about somebody
you know who believed and the silly
thing they thought it's the one who
believed the silly thing um you know I
just don't know if I do I just don't
know if I do
trying to think it's hard because anyone
who who tells me like you know they're
spooky ghost story I just I just roll my
eyes I'm like yes okay
I'm that dickhead I won't even
I won't even entertain the idea without
without solid evidence and for some
reason then whatever has any what about
Mike's interesting ghost there's no like
story there you see fond of the ghost
shows it's about it's about the only
story I got I guess there aren't real
ghosts there aren't me superficial cuz
ghosts don't exist
yo there could have been so and I didn't
see we're wrong for asking I'm just
saying there's not a story there
why are pictures of the paranormal
always freaking blurry
you really you have to ask that question
they just want to hear you yeah why
isn't there clear crisp evidence of the
supernatural Oh obviously rich obviously
because the presence of something
paranormal distorts the digital inputs
of the divine mean obviously it's weird
that there's no concrete evidence of the
afterlife so many people claim to
experience it do you think it would just
be everywhere sorry dude
want that box want that box yo the kid
who visited heaven admitted to making it
up yeah the one that made a movie about
oh yeah yeah what I call what was the
movie call I know what you're talking
about
I don't remember there was a book about
it the book turned into a movie the kid
you know he died five or whatever long
you know they resuscitated him he had
this grand story about going to heaven
Milton and then he recent years came out
said dogs making it up I was a kid who
was making it up right because that was
a kid yeah yeah and my parents heaven is
for real that's what was called heaven
is full real and my parents found a way
to take my story and make money off of
him my parents made so much money
the kids last name was malarkey I'm sure
that
making up heaven seems like a good way
to be said straight to hell yeah making
up hell was a great way to get people to
donate to your collection plate just
talking to you about that about you know
like the the reason you know you know
the reason why there's no great like
atheistic community organization yeah
which you know that'd be wonderful like
yeah like you know let's to get together
once a week and just you know they have
that huh they have that I don't they
have it around here but these things
exist oh but not in the not in the way
that churches do yeah yeah of course
like oh they have community events and
whatnot but they don't they don't have
it in the way that churches do they
don't have the strength
okay I don't think there's I don't think
there's very many people who do it but
there is something that's like an
atheist church yes sure it's not like
it's not like they have any kind of
ceremonies but they go and do the church
things that you like yeah go and you
hang out right you hang out once a week
Yeah right well but even if that exists
it's not in the strength that the church
is right and you know why that is there
and there's no common enemy that's what
the churches have done a great job of
uniting people against a common enemy
yeah
their common enemy is religious people I
got I got nothing against people who are
religious I got I got I got something
against it when like you want to make
laws that are religious in nature rush
me to go that forced me to go along with
something you believe in because it's
something you believe in other than that
I don't I I don't care what people's
beliefs are right stomach you know
you're not trying to pass a law that
says I have to eat fish on Friday right
I'm cool with ya
I get it what qualifies as religious
nature same-sex people shouldn't be able
to get married because my books say so
boom that that qualifies the law right
there this that's what you know that is
where there's a lot yeah yep boom my
ancient book my ancient book
got seen come for ya this it's a weird
little story heavy little story heavy
there's there's there's places in this
world where if you don't believe what
the common religion is you know you
could be put to death
there's Muslim countries were what is an
apostasy if you fall out of the Muslim
faith you could be put to death
sure it's a thing yeah someone was
describing to me recently their friend
who has recently left the Mormon Church
and the amount of shit you have to go
through to officially leave the church
or else they will never let you go
financially or otherwise like they have
ties into you yeah yeah
it's just crazy it's just so crazy
Shem oh I've nothing against people who
have a religion but I do not like the
idea of a theocracy
you know I it's it's it's fine to sit
here here's the problem
ready yeah if you want if you want to
get into some deep shit and I've had
this conversation with you know
religious people I know and you know and
a lot of them they take that at that
point of view or is just like hey if I'm
not hurting you what what's the problem
and I said and I say here's what the
real problem is faith in and of itself
is a problem because when you're dealing
with faith you're dealing with you know
say believing there is a God having no
proof that faith and that's a tenement
religious beliefs like you have if God
just showed himself no one would have
faith and that wouldn't count but okay I
put a lot of people think and so faith
itself I think is harmful because it
trusts you
or it trains you to trust your feelings
over facts I feel God and that ripples
down to shit that I care about I don't
feel like there's any sort of climate
change so there probably isn't I don't
feel like this look you know that this
law is appropriate I don't you know like
people start trusting their feelings
over what the numbers tell them and
that's where I think the faith in and of
itself can have a problem unfortunately
don't preach to me motherfucker play the
game well hey guess what blast out the
games kind of boring me so you get
preaching for nothing you can change the
game that's fine we're talking shit we
were some time to talk about shit I
guess we're only an hour and 40 minutes
in oh my god really yeah oh it feels
like I've been playing this for five
hours you may want to change the game oh
my god
I guess at the two-hour mark helps
change the game I feel like why do you
get the widow drama I'm a nice clean cut
you're clean cut right now
changing the game I'll be fine figure
out how to get to box
what shoot a missile that's awesome
so your review of this game is mediocre
mediocre yeah yeah
maybe I'm just I just I like the the
world I like the idea but I don't know
it's it's a game that I might get it I
might be able to get into outside of a
stream but inside definitely not so
mediocre so there is a box on the
ceiling and I want it
well I'm sorry you can't have it can you
bring that box outside with you I could
not like a nuts and I tried that
I can't take the crate outside see the
uninstalled pub G which I think I did
the thing I was trying to make space and
I thought we're probably not gonna play
pub G again for a while
seems like Jack's gotten it out of a
system I did mostly but not really but
we'll see you want to play that no what
if it's not if it's not installed then
no but yeah it's not itself you can
click on it just see just see how long
it's gonna take
I know it's gonna be forever gonna be
fine oh it's gonna be forever I'm just
I'm curious I'm just gonna okay okay you
I click like we click on that and it
turns into another one of those streams
where we just wait for something to
install and that's no fun for anybody
what am I going what am i doing
every fine it'll be fine we'll find
something else to play do we still have
left for dead install maybe Deborah chat
what scream it's fine that's fine this
is gonna happen every once in a while
we're we're just gonna play a game that
we're not terribly into son of them
bitch plants here to stick with this
yeah we're gonna we're gonna stick it
out for a little bit longer all right
all right I'm gonna see if I can find if
I can find it rich if I can find the
love of this game don't see that
happening at this point you don't see
that happening
I have upgraded my thing so I can now
get into these parts of the areas you
know we're Metroid it a little bit so
that's nice so that's nice Technium I've
procured Technium
you know I get like the the just the the
basic gameplay of something like this
like a cutesy 2d Metroid I had the same
problem with owl boy and I had the same
problem with hollow night uh-huh where
it's just it doesn't offer me anything
new like I I think it's great that you
know whoever made this just grew up
loving you know gun star heroes that
droid and these kind of 2d games so I'm
making my own and it's I you know I
although something bothers me a lot of
these 2d games they've decided that
whenever characters are standing still
they need to breathe with their entire
body and I think it's really annoying
like look at her go exhausting she's
exhausted she's exhausted and so I I
think that's great is like I wanted to
make my own game the only issue is it's
not it's not necessarily giving me
anything here it's not giving me
anything I won't what do you want Jack
something new something challenging why
did you play a 2d side-scrolling but
frayed Vania shooter because I was
looking for someone new I was looking
for the rich I was I was looking I was
looking for the twist I was looking for
the twist that they were gonna prod
I wanted to see what twists they would
put on it to make it something new I
understand that just by saying I was
looking for something new in wrapping
and something new get them but I thought
there would be a twist I thought they
would put a twist on this to be like oh
well it's like those things but like
what you know what like with salt and
sanctuary right yeah yeah it's it's like
Dark Souls but it's a 2d set
all right I'm down right is that
significantly different from Dead Souls
we enjoyed Dead Souls I did
I enjoyed that selves I'm waiting for it
to be done now yeah that sells has the
the roguelike elements to it where it's
new maps all the roguelike elements
isn't new at this point no but it's a
it's a good it's a good packaging of the
roguelike elements we've seen before
tight gameplay controls I have a map I
do
I've played fortnight's I think
fortnight's alright did you want try and
download no because we went through that
last time thank you you see yeah it's
gonna take us for fucking ever
I played for tonight before you know
what I just didn't like it I didn't like
it as much as as I like pop G so wasn't
my thing forever could be while you
playing those so great right now we're
doing that doing one download it for me
I'm sure that's thing that could be
happening I don't think we'll get it in
two hours okay what I'm saying
can anyone remember the name of that
skydiving wingsuit game they played a
few months back a super flight super fly
slightly that was fun that way you know
what that was rich that was new and
interesting super flight
sound game recently it's not it's it's
still like in kind of early development
that is a it's a procedurally generated
mountain biking game were you it's like
super flight but you you know you gotta
have a mountain biking it's like a new
path all the time a few little tricks
you got a mountain tight bike down a
mountain it's like oh they look neat too
it looks like a neat little one-off
little Zen experience
Anana says to touch on religion the one
part I actively dislike all of the
practices that were clearly done for
practical or a satiric data for
practical or authoritarian reasons and
are only done today just because my
religion says so
authoritarian reasons well I mean yeah
that's that's the whole point man keep
you in line got to keep you in line man
that's that's the that's the Jim
that's the jib man and they can keep
changing their story you know all that
all they want
there'll be no there'll be no there'll
be no changing of their minds a strongly
religious person ever and that's
something that's it's hard to it's hard
to accept total Lane versus total labor
and dromeda worth the watch for the
drama alone creative was totally
replaced season two ish to reformat into
Hercules in space co-creator later
released intended plot arc oh come so is
Hercules in space a bad thing Oh
Hercules stars in it Kevin Sorbo
everyone shocked says hey guys right
thoughts on how big of a disaster the
solo movie will be no are they not
spending ad box to save money for the
eventual bomb also have you heard of
they are billions some be steampunk
realtime strategy realtime strategy is
the part of that sentence that's the
part doc your move it up says check i'm
jack
yeah you dropped the ball I did rich did
you die in an earlier episode I missed
or forgotten about or was that just a
bit for that episode that that bit was I
had family obligations that day and was
not able to make a chunk of the viewing
and and I you know JJ asked me first
free that day yeah oh yeah no problem
and I get there and I see Josh and I was
like that's weird why is Josh here you
know cuz like you usually like they'll
only asked me to come if Josh isn't
there you know like we'll swap off I was
like that's funny and then no rich shut
up I was like are we doing a rich
Lesseps owed have we ever done a rich
Lesseps owed and everyone's you know
actually wrong there's never been an
episode where I haven't at least been in
the viewer there's been there's been a
number of them where I'm not in the
discussion but where I'm like not there
at all it's never happened
has there been a number where you're not
in the discussion even oh yeah a few
more in a few really which ones
well the first two the first two first
two know you're in the second one cuz
I'm in the second one with you I don't
know if you were in the first one no and
you were in the first one could be the
first and third there's too early on I
wasn't in you have to be in the first
one because I wasn't there
I don't know I wasn't in the discussion
for the first one I don't think I was in
the discussion for the second one it
might have been the third
interest and there's been a few others
okay what are you one of the Jim and
Colin episodes the Jillian episode
that's right because you were coming in
giving us the breaking news reports of
course there's another one not too far
in the past it was a you and Josh Brener
then I wasn't a few months ago four
months ago really yeah I get you know in
my in my head you're in every episode
but I guess these guys would be terrible
at rlm trivia I absolutely would be I
don't remember anything we do after
we're done doing it that's why I like
the episode so much the best of the
worst episodes I forget everything we
talked about so when I watch the best of
the worst episode that I'm in it's all
it's all new it's all fresh
Jack because I get I don't get drunk in
every episode you usually it works like
this if it's an episode we shot on a
weekday I'm stone sober not a one drink
in me if it's on a Saturday there's no
guarantees
in fact if it's on a Saturday though
those are me no that's my that's my big
drinking date and they know that so I
think sometimes they intentionally
schedule it on a Saturday like Jack come
on I'm shooting on the Saturday just
come on which one was the invasion of
the fish fuckers I don't I don't think I
was in that discussion either no no
there's a number of them you know the
fish fuckers oh yeah with the porno Ron
Jeremy's in it yeah well what's that
movie that was boobs boobs
yeah there's a spreadsheet there's this
bridge yes you guys are on it I'm not in
the first or third okay and then the
psycho from Texas
yes Jillian um is that right okay can't
be right what and there's only two of us
and then Oh was Jim and column wearing
that one I'm not in the the American
Fletch laters osteoporosis dance episode
the Halloween ones Lovelock OS yeah
neither of us were on that one
the wheel of the worst where we did
everything on the wheel I'm not in that
discussion and Cathy's curse and that's
the one I'm thinking about it was
recently when with you and Josh oh you
weren't in the Cathy's cursive yeah and
now the princess warrior so a handful
okay that's a nice-looking boss let's go
no you don't always get everything you
want check
yeah
magical trevor 37 says jack and rich
have you ever played any of the Tony
Hawk games Pro Skater 4 and underground
a particularly awesome cornerstone of my
childhood if we don't see you to mess
around
Thanks I have I have literally zero
experience and ended things then you my
friend are missing out
yep some some of the the greatest
memories with the PlayStation one was
with Tony Hawk pro skater ok I think
it's a it's a fantastic I think it's a
fantastic game that it because there
were so many Tony Hawk games has almost
been forgotten but I can't tell you the
joy you get just you know getting the
right combination you grind flip kick do
the dolly thing back flip it around to
an awesome soundtrack it was on it was
the greatest ok I love Tony Hawk games
yes
what does that mean I know I got a boss
thing take a minute take a minute
SSX tricky event I haven't I haven't
like I haven't played any skateboard
games
SSX tricky is a snowboarding game and
yes actually I think SSX tricky might
have been my very first experience on a
PlayStation 2 or if that was I don't
know if that was a later SSX tricky game
that might have been a later
SSX game the PlayStation 2 now remember
that was the first game where I realized
the graphical power of the PlayStation 2
versus the like Nintendo 64 which I know
probably sounds super lame that SSX
tricky was like oh my god graphics but
it was at the time
I do better than I did last time
see Danny hope ok I you know we probably
I could play Tony Hawk games on the
stream in fact I would love to play a
Tony Hawk game on stream but we would
have to mute all the music because all
of it is just copy written to shit but
I'd love to play Tony Hawk games I love
Tony Hawk games so that's some of the
most classic like by the way I wonder I
wonder if you can find some good of hack
with like an alternate soundtrack for
streamers oh well yeah and I haven't
played a one maybe they have new ones
where they have like royalty-free music
or whatever music that artists are ok
sharing that was back in the day when
like everyone was taking on role playing
mechanics into their game yeah and so
like the Tony Hawk like the story mode
of the Tony Hawk games was always the
greatest cuz you'd have to like do
tricks to impress your local skate shop
and then they would sponsor you so you
could get better gear so you could get
into the tournament so you could do
tricks to impress a local sponsor you
know like Adidas shoes or whatever I'm
trying to I'm trying to imagine a
modern-day Tony Hart game just almost no
skating there's a lot of walking around
talking to people
my house and it's got it's got that off
center third-person over-the-shoulder
like arkham knight branching dialogue
options and then when you skate like all
the tricks just automatic once you drive
over to the spot on the rail where the
trick is supposed to happen
mm-hmm just press the X button it's more
accessible oh yeah
procedurally-generated skate parks in a
modern triple-a game oh they wouldn't
have anything randomly generated because
they can't sell you more maps what do
you mean we're gonna give them new maps
for ludie what is this Communist China
face game only has two skate parks it's
all quick ten minutes yeah yeah probably
would be that's exactly what a modern
Tony Hawk appear darn shame I tell you
what fine series of games
it's a modern tawny hot game but I would
be about battling you know crippling
arthritis how old is he Tony Hawk needs
his medicine making decisions on whether
send his kids to college right
he needs his medicine so he's got to go
back into the skateboarding game one
more time Tony Hawk actually looks okay
for that it's not shocking it was good
it was exactly right and you know what
he always did kind of look like a like a
middle-aged man so now that he is a
middle-aged man
that's a great idea I'll see you I'll
see what Tony Hawk games I can find I've
gotten down the PC skateboard loot
crate's
all the same skateboards but if you want
if you want your your your Uncharted
skin you gotta get it on the loot crate
and only 13 Tony coins unlock a loot
crate about 10 hours worth of grinding
to unlock one neo skateboard if you know
but you'll pay for the but by the way in
a shocking play on words it's literal
grinding like so they do it in the Tony
Hawk kids yes
you're welcome everyone here let's say I
want to I'm just saying uh I'm just
curious not saying I want a switch I
mean I do want a smooth but I'm not
saying I don't you look up Tony Hawk
specifically and see if anything comes
up and if they don't have it here search
gog that's a good idea
the games under skateboard that they
have on Steam don't look super probable
you're seeing a thumbnail advertising
image that you didn't really I don't
think you can really tell oh my god
I can cite you know what I can tell by
the thumbnail you know if a games gonna
be good from a large absolutely Tony
Hawk replacing Diddy Kong Racing what's
the update check it's on its way I found
my I found myself a bright ass green
Nintendo 64 one that mike has not thrown
around mike is not throwing around it
has the expansion pack if we need the
expansion pack it has it has a guarantee
play policy or my money back so I'm very
very excited about that we Huck all
right no results I'm just I'm just
searching for any game with a skateboard
in it SSX tricky that says this uh
that's not a skateboarding is it you
know they're all extreme sports to me I
they're all extreme sports it Sony hack
it's great board simulator they don't
even have any skate and you have any
like escape I just looked up skate on
GOG you know even snow skate it's a fuck
out of here well we need to change the
game because everybody sure is bored
skating is like a jet set radio I don't
believe jet set radio is on the steam it
is on the stands is it jeomsun radio I
just saw is it right here
Oh neat eight books
I don't know if that's what you're
looking for right now but that I want us
I want a skateboarder
I want a skateboard video game and I
don't I don't swear where's the the Tony
Hawk the fan game you know right where's
the where's the game that's like Tony
Hawk this looks interesting
you want to play it
I'll get fucked you want play this is
rollerblading this ain't snow
skateboarding that's all the same jack
it's called thug pro that's a oh it's a
mod for Tony Hawk underground 2 on PC
well we would need to have a copy of
tony hawk underground 2 on PC and Tony
Hawk isn't on someone saying Olly Olly
is the D Tony Hawk wannabe I thought
this was a 2-d game
Holly Holly Holly Holly - Holly Holly is
a 2t a 2d game okay Danny no Tony Hawk
that's not Tony Hawk these doors don't
know what you don't what you don't don't
about Julie let's go to the Windows
Store is this what we have to do the
Windows Store no you're not gonna find
shit there but misery and broken dreams
Olly Olly is definitely Tony Hawk
maybe Olly Olly - is just completely
different and something they did on a
lark oh okay no look up Olly Olly one
here's what I'm gonna guess yeah it's a
look all right
no Olly Olly is the Tony Hawk of 2d
games it's not the same yo that is not
the same no I'm PC look for skate on
Origin oh we're not done with an Origin
that's a perfect reaction
amazon.com Tony Hawk pro skater download
it's on PC but by digital $10 on Amazon
that's how that's right I think so I Pro
Skater - that's the one I don't know you
know what I just don't know I just don't
know rich all I know is I want it
whatever it is I want it platform PC 2 3
and this is which one Jack one right
I'll look into this this is not this is
not anything we should be dealing with
now even though we've been dealing with
it now for a little bit ok so clean
break you are you quitting this inciting
something else maybe at this point
they'd probably rather watch like
getting over it right beating my head
against well yeah let me um let me just
get this guy to his thing here okay
clean break it this guy's on a mission I
don't know I don't necessarily care stop
it get help
Finnish human fall flat I don't I don't
know that I have the brainpower it's
been a it's been a day yeah oh then
they'll understand what kind of day it's
been one of these days yeah they might
skip it all fuck it all let's skip it
all fuck it all
quit playing you see how adorable that
is yeah
instead of saying yes or no it's shaking
your head no not an idea it's kind of
adorable quit I
