Stream(Featuring Zelda)(Part 1)
April 18, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1eMYkyQk_3g

the numbers are read okay but I don't
know I don't know if we're actually
streaming waiting usually they say
something in chat waiting till I see
thing in chat they usually say
exclamation point live live we're live
okay hey everybody hey everybody all
right so so you showed up I showed up
and and you you started off real life
with basically clickbait well yeah I
said all right you Jack showed up we got
set up and I said okay stick decide
you're gonna pick up got a war today
yeah I said you are not gonna believe
what happened I'm like what yeah that's
right did I click on the wrong thing in
facebook why I gave you a cliffhanger
rich what did you're not gonna believe
what happened because I want to pick up
god of war dude I went to pick up young
you would believe why don't you think
that happened I talked to you on Sunday
we're gonna do God of War for the next
don't read the chat don't read the chat
because they might spoil it they might
really oh okay okay we're gonna do gotta
for for the next review and so I we
talked on Sunday and I said oh you know
I need to grab my lights for something I
pick up god of war and you know oh yeah
I'll make sure I get you a copy at least
by by Wednesday I need to click on the
next page
oh no way they only say one sentence at
a time that I got to click to go on that
was just a picture of me you have to
actually click on the third page that's
fine because I had like when when did
you start seeing reviews for god of war
I have been reading any reviews no like
just seeing them around like for me I
sound like last week okay right like if
reviews are absolutely like go ruins all
the reviews right so I guess I had just
assumed that it's out already
yeah it's not out yet oh okay this is I
was honestly taken aback I have seen so
many reviews for this last week that I
thought we were gonna be coming in
pretty late on the whole God of War
situation it doesn't come out until
Friday so like true clickbait yeah I am
underwhelmed
show the picture of the thing it's
well-known to me though this was a big
deal because I I guess I'm all I'm
usually under the assumption of once I
start once my newsfeed starts getting
inundated with with you know reviews of
something whether it be a movie or game
that usually means that that's like the
day before it comes out yeah and this
was happening last week I was getting
nothing bombarded with nothing but news
about reviews for God of War and so in
my head
God of War is out already okay yeah I'll
get a copy for rich no problem but it
doesn't come out until fucking Friday
and and then you're just like why is
everyone reviewing this game so early
and why is why is you've gotta save the
people and you're the hero you're the
hero of the land nice
yeah we started a little bit early we're
here you know I you know what I do miss
what the Twilight Princess sir sword
twirl King I miss that sure they
obviously couldn't animate that for any
weapon you have
we had some updates now you're wondering
if phantom is still alive yet my my my
horse phantom is still alive yes and and
doing rather well we did some really
good treasure hunting on Monday and I
got a lot of pieces of gear feel pretty
excited about that I'd show off the DLC
but I'm not I'm not there yet
oh no and like I was telling you oh
where does he come from
wait where where are you can I can I
have your mate can I see a world map
just just north of the castle okay I
tried to catch him I need a I need a
scale from him and I tried to catch him
the other day like way north of there is
somewhere by the little Valley by Death
Mountain between Death Mountain in the
castle hmm laughs but you got some I got
some bolts there I got some I got some
gourmet meats what I got
Hey oh that's best way to make money now
i a pride that prime mean oh sorry
wolves have prime me you want the
gourmet me gory you don't rust prime is
fine you cook you cook five of those
yeah you're you're to 10 to 80 you make
a fortune off that shit hmm
I'm still yeah but that I'm bit hazy on
what this area what's what's around here
right you don't quite remember you're a
soldier
okay hmm in this particular area yes for
the most of it I remembered it too well
I didn't have the the Jack experience
today there were some things that I
remembered that kind of ruined a bit of
the exploration where I'm like oh wait I
remember if I fall down the mountain
here and shoot a bomb arrow there I know
there's a I know there's a shrine right
right here and I know exactly how to get
to it but for the most part it's a lot
of wandering around rich will never
bring that cable back to the studio like
I I would have I thought Jack was gonna
I thought Jack was gonna do the DLC for
this today but I guess you did a little
bit of that on I I did a Monday you're
about to get hit by lightning I see it
all right I take it thank for pointing
it out though I did do a little bit of
the DLC on Monday and discovered that I
think the DLC is is gonna be too
difficult to stream that seems like a
real slow down and pay attention to what
you're doing
that's what they want that's what they
want and what the one fucking up well
too bad you said something about a
quarter heart you get you get one
quarter of a heart and a weapon that
that kills all enemies in one hits but
needs time to recharge after you kill
like two enemies how much time to
recharge a D enough time to make it a
pain in the ass you can switch weapons
no you cannot switch weapons yeah
and so it's it's a it's a deal and it
looks like fun it looks like it's gonna
be a good time but it's DLC that that
means a lot of slow planning sneaking
I thought the DLC was a new dungeon
there could be more dungeons yeah you
can bomb scum yeah yeah I'm sure I'm
intrigued I think one he kills a bit
severe I don't think that it's good I
don't think that's gonna be fun
dying in one hit
I just don't I'm actually not looking
forward about if that's the case whoa
that's me looking at the chat and I'm
paying attention that's only oh they're
saying that's only the beginning part of
the DLC after that part it's a solid
expansion so perhaps once you get done
with was it all one-hit-kill nonsense
perhaps once you get done with the
one-hit-kill nonsense there's other
aspects to the DLC I haven't gotten that
far yet because I've been doing other
shit treasure hunting you don't have
access to any of your your health
potions or whatnot nope Jesus Christ
yeah yeah it's tough maybe shut down a
super-powered stealth push potion before
that section starts and then just I
think it gets taken away do you have to
kill everything yes you have to kill
everything that's that's the whole point
of the mission oh if you if you use a
food item before and some kind of
encounter start just still have the
effect I don't know if that's true it is
true but no I don't know for that that's
true in this case because in order to
start it you need to you need to grab
the sword and like this whole thing
happened you just hold like you know
start there saying you get D buffed mmm
good so the chat is saying you get the
debuff
the Sun say I'm gonna be honest this
sounds kind of horrible it's it sounds
like it's something that's going to take
a decent amount of patience and silence
and concentration which is why I don't
think it'll make for good streaming hmm
which is why I decided well there's the
other one the trial of the sword yeah
that would probably be better that could
be a good stream yeah I tried a little
bit of that that you get to keep your
hearts you get to keep your potions I
think don't think whatever is in effect
I know you get to keep oh I read about
this sure that that one you get to keep
your hearts you just start over with
equipment yeah I started nothing like
the island or they they strip you of all
of your things
I play smart mm-hmm I did this fucking
shrine John do this one now damn right
here yep I'm like right fucking hand in
your bright they're rich let's talk to
Berto you can use the Ganon costume that
helps you sneak I do have the full Ganon
costume which is great so you get to
keep whatever costume you're wearing in
the yes you can you can change costume
you can change costume whenever you want
you just can't change weapon
something looks off to you what
what's with the cordilla music that's
Cass Cass likes to sing songs and give
you clues about hidden shrines he's
great he also sings The Ballad of the
champions good world building stuff good
backstory stuff
it's a fucking bird that plays the
accordion you know
telega no I have not seen an isle of
dogs I actually don't care to see isle
of dogs I really what about my 80s hair
metal band link I think that's a demand
rich atom an alright that looks very
adamant it is not hair metal eighties
new wave
I think I think it's hair metal I'm
Kylie's hair metal you got the hair you
got unnecessary straps I think there's a
there's a little bit of a Venn diagram
between hair metal and new way tight
black pants yeah that's this is all new
wave was a new way of like Devo who had
like buckets on their head well that was
deep Devo is is more than new wave there
they're also like a performance band
their art performance hero of glam no I
really like Wes Anderson's films to get
back to I love dogs I really like Wes
Anderson movies I did not like the
fantastic mr. Fox
which was his last which was his last
stop-motion animated one I actually
didn't even finish it I couldn't get
past the first 10 15 minutes of it I
hated it so much so I had no interest in
seeing his newest stop-motion animated
one the front it looks like David Bowie
from labyrinth that's let's go I am
that's yeah I'm caught I'm sticking that
in a clammy new wave what'd you just do
alright just call from a horse or just
get too far away oh sure
I also have not seen a Wes Anderson
movie since the Royal Tenenbaums I
thought that was a really like bottle
rocket what was was interesting proto
Wes Anderson it was Wes Anderson before
he figured out his style and then
Rushmore was him you know we're finding
his voice and the Royal Tenenbaums I
think is great I think the Royal
Tenenbaums is just a fantastic film and
then I decided I didn't need to see any
more of his movies for some reason hey
whatever man
whoever floats your boat well what I'm
saying is that I have no malice towards
Wes Anderson I think he's a fantastic
filmmaker but for some reason I have
just not seen any more of his movies
I'll first try what the fuck first
fucking try you just nailed that that
was great rich fucking great oh yeah you
know there's a treasure down there it's
gotta be so for yeah there is oh no I
know for all the people in Chad who are
saying I think you might like this was
anderson film I most likely will I like
his movies a lot I just have got to
remove a great thunderboy oh I got so
many Thunder blades it's my problem what
else that's the only great one I've got
I'll tell you what I prefer I prefer the
minor elemental weapon I want one-handed
weapons cuz I still want my shield to be
out when I got my weapons I don't like
the elementals I know no no I could see
I don't have them out for long sure they
serve the use then they go back on the
inventory yeah
actually the rods are probably better
than all of the individual weapons
oh just four elements oh yeah sure sure
you just do the thing you need to do
then switch to a weapon yeah I could I
could see that I could see that
all right what do we got here we got
brown Adam Sandler who says hey I picked
up xels again because of you guys really
enjoying it now and get him again I
picked it up again that's what this like
you've had in a first time yeah now and
in my first playthrough I've abused two
snow bowling to earn money do you guys
do that and do you think it's cheap
what's I don't even know it's a minigame
we get a decent amount of money it's not
cheating it is cheap I I make a fair
amount of money just hunting yeah just
flat-out hunting animals they give you
prime meat or gourmet me yeah and then
you cook those you just you just take
five prime meats or gourmet meats you
cook them all together making like a big
fat meat dish then you could sell for
hundreds of dollars yeah yeah also if
you find the the Gerudo lady in the
Goron village she will buy your gems for
significantly more than the shops well
really there's a Gerudo lady hanging out
in the Goron village and she like go up
to her and she'll be like hey if you
have ten amber CI i hate selling gems
because you need that shit to upgrade
crap yeah sometimes well they're hard
relatively hard to find and when you do
want to upgrade the whatever and you
need the you need 15 fucking sapphires
pay and they ask you 15 sapphires sure
sure I I like my meat selling strats I
get you know rich will sell his hot meat
which riches add needs wait till the
video comes out rich is hot hot fresh
meat I'm selling it here's my hot fresh
meat stormy rich that's again one of the
wonderful things about Zelda is there
are multiple ways to achieve the same
objective you can do the minigames you
can sell this you can sell that however
you're feeling so you go away before I
can talk to him Cass yeah well yeah you
did the thing I know want the after
think dialogue where he says you were
amazing figuring that thing out
we just want someone to tell me tell me
how awesome I am great all the time and
then I'm gonna then I'm gonna give him
some of my hot fresh meat need some meat
I got some I got some us I put a little
go around spice on that got a little
make it make it roll baby
I heard of a hacker who interrupted a
doctor who broadcast in the 70s sure
that was the 70s I know that's really at
that point I don't know that it's really
hacking you're cutting them cutting in
on a broadcast signal or something why
I'm familiar with this one that happened
and I think was in Chicago way back when
I don't remember what he interrupted but
it was some guy dressed like Max
Headroom oh yeah yeah that's great yeah
what do you know was Showtime or HBO he
interrupted he just like found the
signal frequency waiting cut himself
into the broadcast that's great I was
just at work TV in a rubber WGN that was
it cuz that was a big channel yeah that
guy no he was never caught he was
wearing him
Max Headroom max masks and I think at
some point he like moved the camera and
some woman came in and just started
spanking his ass just some asshole
fucking around
oh yeah I mean basically if you're gonna
hijack Oh phantom fuck phantom phantom
is my horse rich Rich's horses hella
fast
ya know look at this thing though only
three Spurs but quick tip if you feed
your horse and in indirect carrot you
get extra Spurs as you see with our Jays
right now I find where stamina isn't all
that important really mm-hmm
grants came with things you don't need
that much oh sure well if you have a
yours is just your base speed is pretty
damn fast alone yes
so yeah you don't need to hire as much
my plan is the head Zara's domain
I'll do that beast first you haven't
done any of these yet no okay
I've just been I've been gathering yeah
you got gathering supplies
you got all sorts of shit that's great
nice 24 you forgot to be a death blow
sometimes they get really specific on
what part a head counts as a critical
head I I got a feeling that that bow
just sucks yeah that could also be that
could also be yeah rich he's got a lot
of meat it's got he's got a lot of hot
slippery meat and if he's hurting just
right he's gonna slide that slippery
meat right down his throat a tough nut
cake can you wait we're going to go and
look at that tough nut cake for a second
and have you the recipe on that no I'm
just curious
doesn't say I can click on it and then
got a recipe oh I know you can do that I
did not even know you could do that so
not worth it
what oh no no it doesn't do anything
good the I was playing this the other
day and my kids were watching and I was
I was a at that I was in that area where
there was like a million bananas and and
they were they were wondering if I could
make banana bread you might maybe you
can well that's what I was wondering so
I tried like wheats sugar eggs and
bananas and that's didn't work and then
I tried a few different things but they
had a butter in there cute
it's a wheat sugar butter and bananas I
wonder if that would make banana bread
who knows it was a big thing for them
because I
they were eating banana bread at the
time do you have them no you probably
butter yet I bought one for a quest I
probably ended up using it oh yeah I
don't think you get you know the what
shop I think the the bird shop sells
butter but can you make butter no well
not that I know I don't think you can
cuz that's one of the first things I try
to do is I had a bunch of milk and I was
like oh I bet if I put this I you know
what I did I put milk and salt in the
pot together yeah you make butter cuz I
was like obviously milk consult make
butter cuz that's what it does in real
life that's how you make butter in real
life but no it just makes hot milk well
it seems like in general the things you
cook can't be used as parts of other
recipes right you want them to be
doesn't look like banana breads a thing
yeah that's fine it's pretty simple the
cooking of this don't don't mix things
that do different effects and you want
to stack the things that do the same
effect right when you cook can't make
butter this game is dead to me yeah you
can't make butter either by part it's
pretty simplistic and really I do so
little cooking just because like you
said you get the durians or you get the
the radishes and then you don't need
anything else
mm-hmm you just never need anything else
didn't you live on a farm cream and salt
Jack egg cream milk it's kind of same
shit
come on savings you dare insult it's
awesome shit passing on the gas it was a
fat joke I get it
I know you're talking about nope you got
to do it right
no can't get it to it at all no no can i
I can't mm-hm he can you did arm switch
and Zelda immediately after Jax morning
stream did something amazing happen
during your morning stream I had the
greatest time I don't know if people
were disappointed because I I bailed on
the DLC so fast but I honestly had the
greatest time we're all I did was I
spent I mean I I streamed and you know
this is unusual for morning's room
usually my morning streams I'll only
show him for like two hours yeah but i
streamed for close to four hours and all
we did was fuck around and Hyrule Field
treasure hunting that's it yeah we just
looked for the DLC treasure and it was
the best fucking time I just found out
fits we searched for clues we went
riding around filling in our map oh it
was so much fun you wanted adventures I
did I went on a little adventure and it
was great we fucked something up did you
want did I fuck something up no you you
got the keys I don't know how to reef
lip this you gotta hit the arrow thing
again I don't see what the arrow thing
is it's up there oh it's blue now no
making me waste arrows how's that
rotating Jack this well you can go pick
it up the arrow if you oh yeah it's
right there it's also making the waist
bowed durability oh let's see that's
more I'm not happy about any of these
things okay yeah Jack does uh solo
screams it's sometimes I will do a
morning solo stream just because I am in
general a morning person and I and so I
will do that every every once in a while
do a little morning stream and because I
know we have some European viewers who
would appreciate that
but uh what was it saying so so yeah we
it was we went on a legitimate adventure
I did get to show off my absolutely
superior laser reflect ability we killed
so many Guardians my sweet-ass laser
reflex was on point I have to practice
that for the the trial of the sword oh
yeah yeah hey you rich is a morning
person to 12 a.m. to 4 a.m. that's true
as rich is an extreme morning person
yes first thing first dude over there
dude dudes over there dude dude I get to
the dude trying to remember remember
puzzle
I'm gonna get enough height from the the
flippety-flip nope oh I remember this
there you go nice one
thank you did I really miss the snow
bitching oh jesus fucking christ it's
the reason we didn't stream last stream
day and and even though it is currently
snowing and it is a goddamn blizzard
outside it's not as much snow as we got
on Sunday and the snow we got on Sunday
it was it was um it was slop they didn't
plow my apartment complex I couldn't get
out I I could not get my car out of my
apartment complex I spent half of the
day just getting my neighbor's in and
out of the alley that we that we live on
it was so terrible
remember when he did your spring
cleaning stream ah seems quaint no it
was terrible on Sunday is it like it's
snowing now but this is like normal snow
I'm gonna be okay with this snow
compared to compared to Sunday snow at
least it's the fucking worst it is
it's not the oh no I know it's not done
it's gonna snow all night today though
may may be the last no but nature
doesn't give a fuck what about what we
predict or what we think nature hates
you you know in fact nature hates you
I'm gonna say nature is is unconcerned
with me at the moment
nature does what it does Oh hack spot
are you having problems again jackpots
having problems it doesn't know we're
live yet Halcyon sunset says thanks for
the many of fraudulent memories hacks I
wanted to ask if you could bring one
person back from the dead no matter how
long ago excluding family or friends who
would you pick and why so some famous
historical figure Jesus can you imagine
the shitstorm that would happen mmm walk
on water now BH this confused desert man
walking around unable to perform any
miracles
countless theological debates Wars firt
no for the the shit would hit the fan
right away when everyone saw that he was
brown
Jesus has generally depicted as a
Caucasian man even even though we know
people from that area are clearly brown
so that would be the shit number one is
he would come out brown and they go and
everyone go that's not Jesus
it'd be great tugs caller yeah you know
what you know what might be nice you
know who might be nice to bring back one
of the founding fathers one of the
founding fathers just to go hey guys
what hey hey dude let's how about we get
some clarification on some of these
rules oh you know what do you ever say
yeah why are all these black people
walking around without chains might not
be the thing you'd want to do damn it
you're probably right
damn it I bring back Freddie Mercury oh
that's not a bad idea yeah okay we can
bring these people back in the prime of
their health oh yeah I assume well there
are far better AIDS treatments that's
well but even so like you know he'd need
it wasn't young when he died but I
assume if we're Britt if we're already
like breaking wasn't that old when he
died 40s right okay we can't recap for
music in his forties fuck Tobin tell
that to Mick Jagger
somebody should somebody should he has
to stop that man has to stop
Oh
ruthless donut eater er has the correct
answer to bring someone back from the
dead yeah
yes I bring back Phil Hartman yeah
George Carlin sure yeah I mean George
Carlin had a nice long career so but you
know if I think I I think Phil had to
add a few more good years left in him TC
to annoyances just got into the stream
and the first thing I hear is rich
asking why are all these black people
walking around and not in Chains welcome
to the stream welcome to the stream yeah
maybe maybe we wouldn't actually want to
bring any of these people back maybe we
just need to like a window into the past
where we could just talk to them and
then as soon as they started there their
racist bullshit we could hang up but you
know I just want to ask you a couple
questions in our window and then we can
hang up
sly jack 22 says hey hunk frauds have
you guys ever played hollow night I'm
playing through it now and loving it
no we played it on stream I didn't play
oh that's true I played it on stream and
I did I wasn't too into it I was not too
into it
Scott wants gourmet meet a prime meat
for his quest he wants gourmet meats
it's gourmet well I don't have gourmet
okay maybe later dude yep there's my
horse well too fast too fast horse you
got to find that awesome horse armor
that makes your horse teleport to you
it's the greatest all things in time all
in good time it's the bestest I can just
check wait going
that's worst I mean that's oh oh that's
right I forgot I forgot that's what you
were doing a footbridge that's just
perfect for my needs
private GLIAC bridge you know classic
GLIAC am i planning anymore morning
streams I I kind of do them spur of the
moment did this go over really well the
morning stream I mean it's not the first
morning stream I've done I know people
like them I think it went over pretty
well I will try to do more of them I
think it goes over especially well with
our European fan base right because
that's an actual euro friendly stream
but and it's it's usually pretty chill
and relaxed I just get a coffee not a
lot of not a lot of yaker rating radish
is that a radish I think it's a radish
oh yeah get that radish I'm pretty I'm
pretty good on the heels oh yeah hardy
radish you did it
we can talk about so you know you know
what we can talk about rich as long as
as long as we're already starting off
with you and Jesus and the founding
father so we're already getting into
religious and politics
I know so we might as well just go full
hog because we talked about it last
stream and neither of us had seen it I
went and I watch that the problem with a
pool documentary yeah it's on it's on
truTV okay okay that is where you see it
it says it's actually pretty good
documentary it's it's really decent okay
it's really decent obviously it comes
from a slightly it comes from a
viewpoint the creator of the documentary
has a problem with the poo and he lays
out his his problem with the pool right
he's a man from Indian descent yeah I
got probably the poo here's why right
but the the documentary actually does a
really decent job of getting a ton of
different viewpoints like I starts with
his parents who actually are from India
and he's like hey you guys watch The
Simpsons do you like do you hate a poo
like I do in his parents like no I think
he's funny and then he has a good
segment with Whoopi Goldberg who is a
bit of a historian when it comes to
blackface right that kind of racism and
and Whoopi is like that's not a big deal
to me like I'm not gonna you know make a
movie about it or anything it doesn't
bother me that much
she's like obviously it's racist but you
know either dumb and it's fine and he
talked to Dana Gould who was a writer
for The Simpsons for a while and Dana
Gould actually I think sums up why a poo
is the way he is pretty succinctly
anyway what I'm saying is the
documentary just a really even-handed
job of telling a lot of different signs
but okay and I thought it was really
interesting I don't necessarily agree
with you know what what the documentary
is a documentary filmmakers saying just
obviously it doesn't affect me so I
have the same feelings but after seeing
the documentary what I can say is I then
saw The Simpsons
response to the documentary I don't know
if you saw that I didn't see it I just
heard about it you heard which was like
the Simpsons response was basically them
going and what are you gonna do yeah and
to me that response lacks any sort of
classic Simpsons ball heaven yeah
and they could have been a bit harsher
about it will fuck you oh right like
they could have done anything but
instead they're like foof nothing we can
do about it I guess where it's like
actually you guys you can't you can you
have the Simpsons you can do whatever
you want about it right but but I
thought was really good I think if
anyone's interested you should go see
you should you see a problem with the
poop because I think it's fairly
interesting anything interesting to say
Oh a word of warning you might get it
into your head to go check out Hyrule
Castle but I've never encountered a more
dangerous place yeah no that's pretty
general advice and it's like really dude
it's quest to find the golden goblet or
something I mean really just kind of a
letdown man it's it's like the the
entire castle is surrounded by like a
swirling demon pig and you're like oh
that's pretty dangerous like duh fucking
duh dude you know what link looks like
Deathstalker - oh you know if he had a
slightly bigger chin maybe he needs it
he needs that chin this is this is
Deathstalker link I'll accept it maybe
this is deaths dr3 hope that person just
disappeared
I think like I said like I said I see oh
there's there's a radish nice fuck yeah
radish get that radish link looks like
Kate McKinnon hmm that's fair the time
just not worth my time
you know I've this playthrough this run
of who is that some do cows have the
gourmet me not sometimes the oxen do but
only sometimes we've sometimes Prime two
primes two primes that's just money in
the bank
oh yes fill money in the bank this you
got he's dead he's dead I thought I
didn't hear that but gene I thought I
thought I'd missed the headshot okay so
this playthrough of the breath of the
wild for me I've been less combat
focused yeah because I've realized just
how pointless how pointless it is and so
actually like you you were talking to me
before about the master sword quest and
about how you know it kind of makes the
the Master Sword a little more durable
because you're doing more damage which
means whoa you have to hit enemies last
right yeah and I actually don't care
because I've been not getting into
fights cuz you really don't need to get
into fights it's just fun
that's true what do you have flying up
there form cup of Thor's I can't tell if
it's a good sword or not probably
probably not worth it
where's the damn tower I need to
activate this fucking tell him yeah
invisible string says the pool was great
at a time when it was assumed most
viewers would be American Simpsons went
global in here and there's nothing wrong
with taking into account the perspective
of indie Americans and folks from India
criticism is valid not a bad thing
that's true that's true well and and and
this is straight from the deck
documentary Dana Gould does a really
good job of what does it matter if the
Simpsons are global or not whether or
not they can make fun of up whoo well
what does it matter
well yeah I'm about to get to that okay
so you know Dana Dana Gould does a
really good job of kind of like
explaining the ethos of the Simpsons and
why a poo is like how he is right who is
a one-dimensional stereotype of an
Indian man all right just like Barney is
a one-dimensional stereotype of a drunk
just like Homer is a one-dimensional
stereotype of a deadbeat dad of a lazy
American right in fact everyone on that
show is a one-dimensional yes that's the
point of the show yes that's how they're
able to do their gags right which is by
the way a very valid point the the guy
who makes a documentary says you know
for him part of the problem was while
you know Barney is a one-dimensional
stereotype of a drunk you can look on TV
and see other white guys who are not
drunk and there was so little
representation of Indian Americans he
didn't like a poop which is of course
just his opinion which is a perfectly
fine thing this is again why the
documentary is very even-handed and nice
but a poo is a one-dimensional
stereotype and you know like what when
we were watching a black street boys we
cringed when their joke was we're doing
a funny Indian accent right
because that kind of humor is cringe
didn't really bother me though no no but
it was it was like it wasn't funny
sure and with the Simpsons that's all
the APOD joke was at first it was just a
funny voice apparently you know
obviously when we started watching The
Simpsons we were kids and so it didn't
really stick as something cringe-worthy
but now the Simpsons has been on for 20
million years and has the show evolved
any right what are you looking for
there's a nice table with a shrine by it
near that that guy who sells the shields
and I don't remember where that is I'm
just trying to find it yeah exactly the
man of reason exactly just like
groundskeeper Willie he's he is a
one-dimensional stereotype of a Scotsman
everyone on that show is a
one-dimensional stereos yes yes yes and
some of the best moments have come from
that
so here's I don't know a single person
who still watches The Simpsons Mario man
neither do I neither do i yet it's still
The Simpsons
yeah that's not so no you've been to
that stable somewhere over here okay I
don't remember
just follow the roads never get off a
road well no raise razorblade hat I
don't know if you're trying to be funny
razorblade hat says so I guess it's
racist every time I see the Indian owner
of my gas station because that's a
stereotype no it's it's racist because
it's a white guy doing an Indian accent
which is you know fairly akin to at
least according to the documentary I
just can't get too bent out of shape
over this I just know you don't have to
it's just what we're talking about rich
it's fine everything's fine a white guy
doing a horribly a horrible Indian
accent that is not in any way indicative
of actual Indian accents he's doing a
goofy Indian accent so I'm really not
moved by the plight of the goofy accent
man I'm just not moved by this I'm not
saying you have to be rich okay I think
it's on that way all right
that could be oh yeah there's well
there's a shrine over there it's over
that way okay
blame short-circuit mmm it's that's
probably work short circuits probably
worse he I think he actually put on
makeup hey the guy from short circuit I
do not get the feeling that either of
these performances are actually
mean-spirited and hateful no they're
goofy and I'm fine with it
sure sure I guess I'm not saying they're
mean-spirited either I don't think they
they set out to go I'm gonna show those
guys I'm gonna do a goofy voice I I just
think they didn't think anything of it
which in itself is a sorry
yeah encephalopathy no I think that's
it's the not thinking anything of it
that's the problem but again this is a
this is a unique situation in that most
of most of this is also just because the
Simpsons is a show that's still running
oh wait wait I get the feeling I've seen
that before I'm looking for this forest
right now but I believe and if it picks
the forest just south of here okay north
east of the bottomless swamp where's the
bottomless swamp where's the cool I'm
looking for that for us right now for
some reason I remembered that being on
the Grandpa on the grand plateau as I've
been I've been strolling around there
for ages there's one by the lake in that
area I think yeah yeah but I've been in
the woods if I find the patch of third
tree that looks just like every other
patch of tree yeah that's a tricky
memory to find where any adjustment you
have to pay attention to the background
frequently on these things oh yeah yeah
but I think that one there is no
background it's just trees in a rock sea
okay but we know it's not the trail we
know that's not a trail not necessarily
a road and it's the woods we know it's
just south of where we are now
yeah so that's that's something the one
I always said trouble with yeah yeah
this one this one's a fucking nightmare
to find isn't that it like go around
mountain yep there's a lot of gore on
mountain
sure sure that's true yeah hmm Jack are
you going to play the Pokemon switch
game when it comes out possibly I've
been fairly disillusioned with modern
Pokemon games they haven't been my cup
of tea but we'll see it's not that
people are suddenly sensitive these days
they just have a platform to call out
the bullshit and being a punchline for
decades punchline is the point of jokes
and they're not all mean-spirited
sometimes they're just jokes oh sure but
a joke doesn't have to be I would have
to if I were gay if I were gonna be like
that haven't to take every fictional
portrayal of nerd would be like a knife
to my heart if I didn't have a sense of
humor sure but at Milhouse if we're
gonna bitch about The Simpsons
yeah I should be fuckin furious about
Milhouse but I'm not the fictional
fucking character right one a joke
doesn't have to be mean-spirited to hurt
someone's feelings you shouldn't have
any special protections with your
feelings you feel good feelings get hurt
every now and then right and and they
have the right to express their opinions
on these things and again part of the
problem and this is according to them
because obviously it did not affect me
is they didn't really have anyone else
like sure yeah we got Milhouse and all
those other people but we had a bunch of
people that look like us also kind of a
guy yeah got a book I write I should be
horribly offended by god no what is the
joke it's a fucking joke yeah but but
you can't tell them how to feel man
I jump I don't care how they feel right
I think I'm saying no no you're what
what you're saying what what you are in
fact saying is take a joke man don't
feel offended right get over it right
and I don't kid I don't think you get to
say that I'm pretty sure they get to
feel however they want to feel
they do and I get to say I don't give a
shit
absolutely I'm gonna make a joke doesn't
affect you directly so of course you
wouldn't care
comic book guy Milhouse blob trails that
should offend me again I can't get too
upset about it
well i like i said i think i know i can
i can't understand fully because i I
grew up I grew up with a ton of
representation everyone in media looked
like me and so it was never a big deal
for me so all I can do is listen to
people who say it was a problem for them
and try to understand it you know that's
it
and so this guy's like hey I grew up and
and I had the the fake Indian man from
short circuit in movies and a pool on a
TV and and so I had to grow up with
people you know saying thank you come
again to me and that kind of made my
life a little shitty and so making movie
about it and that's about it that's all
you know fake Indian who was a good guy
and befriended the robot was if anything
a positive character I you might feel
differently had you grown up as an
Indian American the fucking the fucking
successful robot scientist built
artificial intelligence oh oh what a
negative stereotype I think I think you
might feel differently had you grown up
that way again I can't understand all I
can do is listen and just try to you
know acknowledge okay okay trying to
trying to be a little empathetic here
just just as like a I'll prove that
horrible stereotypes like a successful
business owner
I think we've all agreed already that
everyone on the Simpsons is a
one-dimensional stereotype I know
beefcake we're moving on I didn't want
to talk about this at all
I just saw a documentary I dug it and I
liked it I thought it was really well
put together we'll move on
okay for one unrelated yeah kind of
feeling ill you yeah so this might be a
short stream I'm not feeling ill okay I
am feeling you are you've been kind of
ill all weekend I haven't I haven't had
much of an appetite yeah but I am going
to eat some crow right now oh I'm gonna
eat I'm gonna I'm gonna eat some crow
eat it
we last stream we were talking about the
problem with the pool the the the
documentary the problem with the problem
of the pool yeah and I I was being a big
dummy dum-dum
I I was I was being stubborn and stupid
which is a bad combination
yeah well you were you were making some
assumptions and you yeah that's that's
it but also I mean the Simpsons I spent
on the air but close to 30 years a
long-ass time at the Simpsons was a part
of my childhood sure my my teenage years
my formative years mm-hmm and my young
adulthood
absolutely it's and those were the glory
years of The Simpsons before it became
bad before it became what it is now
right and I I have I have mentioned on
the stream before that you shouldn't you
shouldn't live in your echo chamber you
should not live in your you should you
should you should listen to at least
listen to what the other side has to say
if they're being reasonable sure and I
absolutely did not fucking do that
what I absolutely did not fucking do
that at all why didn't you do that rich
I love I love short circuit I do I do
speaking of people who are non-indian
and dress up like Indians I I watched
those movies like all the fucking time
when I was 10 years old yes I would wear
the Hawking tape out yeah Oh short for
short circuit anyway I I wasn't willing
to listen to it and we got into it last
stream and you were absolutely right and
I was being absolutely bullheaded and it
sat with me wrong okay like that stream
and I'm like that that
not feel right at all okay and and fur
for those of you who weren't there last
room basically all I was saying was oh
the problem with the poo is a decent
little documentary and you know I
thought it was pretty fair even-handed I
was just kind of blowing you off yeah I
wasn't willing I wasn't even willing to
listen to it okay and so after the
stream I'm like that was really dumb
yeah and what I did was I'm like I'm
fucking man up I at least owe it to
watch this fucking documentary yeah and
I watched the problem with the poo he's
gonna put I can't I can't refute it I
thank you it's a feud at once once you
compare a pool yeah to blackface and I I
can't say that's a poo is significantly
different I can't do it you can't you
can't he makes some very fair points in
that documentary I don't I don't
necessarily agree with all of it I
obviously be just because I'm coming
from a different perspective
but yeah I just thought it was really
even Hannah and rich I think that's
that's really big of you I have to I
have to be immature I have to admit when
I'm wrong and when I'm being stupid I
was being stupid well there you go